The House of Representatives just voted 223-202 to approve the Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2009 .
The Senate still has to approve its own financial reform plan , and once that happens ( if it happens ) , there will be all sorts wrangling and compromising and sneaky inserting of provisions that hardly anybody will understand until long after the bill becomes law .
Still , from the perspective of three or four months ago , when financial reform seemed dead in the water , this is a pretty big deal .
The House bill would , among many other things , make it possible for the FDIC to take over and sell off or shut down systemically important financial institutions other than banks .
This new authority would be financed with a $ 150 billion “ systemic dissolution fund ” that “ large , interconnected financial companies ” would have to contribute to .
The bill would create a Consumer Financial Protection Agency .
It would bring regulation of over - the - counter derivatives .
It would shut down the Office of Thrift Supervision .
It would create a new oversight council in charge of monitoring systemic risk in the financial system .
And so on , and so on .
The bill was 1279 pages long even before House members began tacking amendments onto it today .
I do n’t think anybody , even Barney Frank and his staffers on the House Financial Services Committee , really knows what all is in it and what impact it will have .
So it scares me .
It also does n’t have much in the way of simple , straightforward fixes — like a Glass - Steagallish separation of risky financial activities from essential ones .
But I do think the legislation would add enough unpleasantness and cost to being a large , interconnected financial company to create incentives for financial giants to break up .
So that ’s a positive .
And maybe the Consumer Financial Protection Agency will actually protect consumers in a way that the bank regulators have not .
Anyway , we ’ll see .
It ’s still going to be months before we know what ’s in the final legislation , if there even is final legislation .
A woman has written the same letter defending Obama to dozens of publications across the country , getting them published in at least 42 newspapers in 18 states , as well as Politico.com , the Washington Times , and USA Today .
And the woman , Ellie Light , has claimed residence in many of these states .
Think there might be some phony Astroturfing there ?
At the Cleveland Plain Dealer , Sabrina Eaton makes a nice catch :
She has more houses than John McCain !
But there are a few more places her little pro-Obama missive appeared , besides those documented .
Like Ben Smith at Politico .
And the Washington Times .
And a blog at USA Today .
And the Sheboygan Press in Wisconsin .
And the Stevens Point Journal in Wisconsin — listing an address of Algoma , Wisconsin .
And in addition to the Californian.com link provided in the Plain Dealer story , listing an address in Salinas , CA , there are other California letters with other California addresses .
The letter appears in the Gilroy Dispatch and Morgan Hill Times , both listing an address of San Felipe , CA .
And in Good Times , listing an address in Santa Cruz , CA .
And in TheUnion.com , listing an address of Grass Valley , CA .
And Connecticut ’s stamfordadvocate.com .
A letter was sent to a columnist at the local Daily Breeze here in the South Bay area of Los Angeles .
On an unrelated note , recall that recently , Glenn Greenwald flagged the fact that Obama ’s pal ( and head of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs )
Cass Sunstein recently wrote this paper suggesting something sounding a lot like Astroturfing :
Sunstein advocates that the Government ’s stealth infiltration should be accomplished by sending covert agents into “ chat rooms , online social networks , or even real - space groups . ”
He also proposes that the Government make secret payments to so - called “ independent ” credible voices to bolster the Government ’s messaging ( on the ground that those who do n’t believe government sources will be more inclined to listen to those who appear independent while secretly acting on behalf of the Government ) .
Who is Ellie Light ?
I would like to know .
Would n’t you ?
P.S. If you find other examples , please leave them in comments with a link .
Many more updates in the extended entry .
UPDATE : Add the following :
California : The Los Banos Enterprise , listing an address of Gustine , CA .
Maine :
In addition to the Maine link above , there is another appearance of the letter in Maine : in the Bangor Daily News , in which Light lists an address of Bangor , Maine .
Maryland : The Baltimore Chronicle .
Massachusetts : The North Adams Transcript , listing an address of Williamstown .
List your additions below .
UPDATE x2 : Add these as well :
Connecticut : Another Connecticut paper , in addition to the Stamford listing : the Danbury News - Times .
And here ’s another : the Greenwich Time a/k / a Ctpost.com .
( Address listed is Greenwich . )
Georgia : Gainesville Times .
( Her address is listed as Gainesville . )
Massachusetts :
In addition to the above , there is The Berkshire Eagle .
New Hampshire :
It appeared in the Seacoastonline , which appears to be an online version of several New England papers including the Portsmouth Herald , Exeter News Letter , and others .
Light ’s address was listed as Portsmouth , NH .
Vermont : Bennington Banner .
Wisconsin :
In addition to the above , there is the Oshkosh Northwestern ( address listed is Oshkosh ) .
So far I count 35 publications in 16 states as well as the District of Columbia .
Light managed to get herself published in media outlets in California , Connecticut , Georgia , Iowa , Maine , Maryland , Massachusetts , Michigan , New Hampshire , Ohio , Pennsylvania , South Carolina , Vermont , Virginia , Washington , D.C. , West Virginia , and Wisconsin .
UPDATE x3 : redc1c4 adds Spectrum.com in Utah , where Light claims to be from Washington City .
That ’s 36 publications in 17 states plus D.C .
UPDATE x4 : DRJ adds 5 more publications in comments :
Here are a few more : HudsonHubTimes.com , in which Ellie listed Streetsboro OH as her hometown .
[ Duplicate already mentioned in the Plain Dealer article eliminated . ]
The Willits News , with Willits CA as the hometown .
CDAPress.com of Coeur d’Alene ID , with Ellie listing a hometown of Post Falls .
From Ohio , the Chillicothe Gazette , with Chillicothe OH as the hometown .
And my current favorite so far , The Bangkok Post — the “ World ’s Window to Thailand . ”
No hometown provided .
Idaho is thus included as a new state , bringing the running total to 41 publications in 18 states plus D.C .
UPDATE x4 : redc1c4 adds an Annapolis , Maryland publication .
Light lists her city of residence as Annapolis .
That ’s 42 publications in 18 states plus D.C .
This beautiful gown has an especially fun history .
It was first made for the fifth doctor serial of Doctor Who entitled Black Orchid during the show 's nineteenth season .
Ten years later the gown was used for Annie Lennox music video Walking on Broken Glass .
It made another appearance in the new series of Doctor Who , in the second season episode entitled The Girl in the Fireplace , where , despite it's age , it appeared to still be in excellent condition .
The same dress used in the same show - more than twenty years later !
When originally spotted , I was skeptical that the gown originated with Black Orchid .
Considering Doctor
Who was such a low budget production at the time .
However , it seems that I was wrong , and that this beautiful gown was indeed made for Black Orchid , because this dress only recently went up for auction at Bonhams .
The description page confirmes that its orginal origins are with Doctor Who , and also lists the gown as " An eighteenth century styled full length dress of peach coloured teffeta , heavily embroidered on front with floral motif , having lace collar and cuffs , with corset on top , labelled inside with measurement details . "
So the gown is apparently more peach than yellow - as it appears on screen .
It is estimated to sell for about £ 300 - 400 .
To see the page where the auction is listed , as well as zoom in on the details of the dress , you can go here .
I 've also saved a screenshot of auction page here for future references .
8372110 story
An anonymous reader writes " As a recent graduate entering industry for the first time at a large software and hardware company , I have been shocked at what seems to be a low standard of work ethic and professionalism at my place of employment , especially in this poor economy .
For example , at my company , the large majority of developers seem to each individually waste — no exaggeration — hours of time on the clock every day talking about football , making personal phone calls , gossiping , taking long lunches , or browsing the Internet ( including , yes , Slashdot ! ) .
Even some of our subcontractors waste time in this manner .
Being the ' new guy , ' I get stuck with much of the weekend and after - hours grunt work when we inevitably miss deadlines or produce poor code .
I 'm not in any position to go around telling others to use their time more efficiently .
Management seems to tolerate it .
I would like to ask Slashdot what methods others have used to deal with office environments such as this .
Is my situation unique or is it common across the industry ? "
ONCE global warming was the " great moral challenge of our generation " .
Or so claimed the Prime Minister .
But suddenly it 's the great con that 's falling to bits around Kevin Rudd 's ears .
In fact , so fast is global warming theory collapsing that in his flurry of recent speeches to outline his policies for the new decade , Rudd has barely mentioned his " moral challenge " at all .
Take his long Australia Day reception speech on Sunday .
Rudd talked of our ageing population and of building stuff , of taxes , hospitals and schools - but dared not say one word about the booga booga he used to claim could destroy our economy , Kakadu , the Great Barrier Reef and 750,000 coastal homes .
What 's happened ?
Answer : in just the past few months has come a cascade of evidence that the global warming scare is based on often dodgy science and even outright fraud .
Here are just the top 10 new signs that catastrophic man-made warming may be just another beat - up , like swine flu , SARS , and the Y2 K bug .
1. Climategate
THE rot for Rudd started last November with the leaking of emails from the Climatic Research Unit of Britain 's University of East Anglia .
Those emails from many of the world 's top climate scientists showed them conspiring to sack sceptical scientists from magazines , hide data from sceptics , and cover up errors .
One of the scientists , CRU boss Phil Jones , even boasted of having found a " trick " to " hide the decline " in recent temperature records .
Jones was also on the United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , so influential in convincing us our gasses are heating the planet that it won the Nobel Prize .
But he showed how political the IPCC actually is by promising in yet another email that he and another colleague would do almost anything to keep sceptical studies out of IPCC reports .
Just as damning was the admission by IPCC lead author Kevin Trenberth that the world is n't warming as the IPCC said it must : " We can not account for the lack of warming at the moment and it is a travesty that we can 't . "
2. The Copenhagen farce
MORE than 40,000 politicians , scientists and activists flew to Copenhagen last month - in clouds of greenhouse gasses - to get all nations to agree to make the rest of us cut our own emissions to " stop " global warming .
This circus ended in total failure .
China , the world 's biggest emitter , refused to choke its growth .
So did India .
Now the United States is unlikely to make cuts , either , with Barack Obama 's presidency badly wounded and the economy so sick .
Not only did this show that Rudd 's planned tax on our emissions will now be even more suicidally useless .
It also suggested world leaders can't really think global warming is so bad .
3 . The Himalayan scare
RUDD has quoted the IPCC as his authority on global warming , claiming it 's a group of " guys in white coats " who " just measure things " .
But the IPCC also just makes things up .
Take this claim from its 2007 report : " Glaciers in the Himalaya are receding faster than in any other part of the world and , if the present rate continues , the likelihood of them disappearing by the year 2035 and perhaps sooner is very high if the Earth keeps warming at the current rate . "
In fact , we now know this bizarre claim was first made by a little - known Indian scientist in an interview for an online magazine , and then copied into a report by the green group WWF .
From there , the IPCC lifted it almost word for word for its own 2007 report , without checking if it was true .
It was n't , of course , as the IPCC last week conceded .
The glaciers will be around for at least centuries more .
But why did the IPCC run this mad claim in the first place ?
The IPCC's Dr Murari Lal , the co-ordinating lead author responsible , says he knew all along there was no peer - reviewed research to back it up .
" ( But ) we thought that if we can highlight it , it will impact policy - makers and politicians ... "
Note : you are told not the truth , but what will scare you best .
4. Pachauri's response
BUT what smells just as much is how IPCC chairman Rajendra Pachauri , a former railway engineer , first tried to defend this " mistake " by accusing sceptical scientists of practising " voodoo science " .
Deny and abuse .
That 's the IPCC way .
Even more suspiciously , Syed Hasnain , the scientist who first made the false claim , then turned out to be now employed by The Energy Research Institute , headed by ... er , Pachauri .
More astonishing still , only two weeks ago TERI won up to $ 500,000 from the Carnegie Corporation to study exactly Hasnain 's bogus claim .
See how cash follows a good scare ?
5. Pachauri's conflicts
IN fact , Pachauri and TERI do amazingly well from his IPCC job .
Britain's Sunday Telegraph this month revealed TERI had created a global business network since Pachauri became IPCC chairman in 2002 .
Its recent donors include Deutsche Bank , Toyota , Yale University - and , sadly , Rudd , who last year handed over $ 1 million , hoping to win influence with such a big UN honcho .
Pachauri himself is now a director or adviser to a score of banks , investment institutions and carbon traders , many involved in areas directly affected by IPCC policies .
He denies any wrongdoing , and is not paid by the IPCC .
But see again how cash follows a scare , and ask if the IPCC chief has a conflict of interest .
6 . The green hand revealed
WE'VE seen how the IPCC just copied its false claims about the Himalayas from a report by WWF , a green activist group which earn donations by preaching such doom .
In fact , the IPCC 's 2007 report cites WWF documents as " evidence " at least another 15 times .
Elsewhere it cites a non-scientific , non-peer - reviewed paper from another activist body , the International Institute for Sustainable Development , as its sole proof that global warming could devastate African agriculture .
Whose agenda is the IPCC pushing ?
7 . More fake IPCC claims
THIS week came more evidence that the IPCC sexed up its 2007 report , this time when it claimed the world had " suffered rapidly rising costs due to extreme weather - related events since the 1970s " , thanks to global warming .
In fact , the claim was picked out of an unpublished report by a London risk consultant , who later changed his mind and said " the idea that catastrophes are rising in cost because of climate change is completely misleading " .
8 . New research on our gasses
AT least four new papers by top scientists cast doubt on the IPCC claim that our carbon dioxide emissions are strongly linked to global warming .
One , published in Nature , shows the world had ice age activity even when atmospheric CO2 was four times the level of our pre-industrial times .
Another , by NASA medallist John Christy and David Douglass , shows global temperatures did not go up as much as expected from man-made emissions over the past three decades .
9. New Australian research
JAMES Cook University researcher Peter Ridd says Australian scientists have cried wolf over the threat to the Great Barrier Reef from global warming , and the reef was actually in " bloody brilliant shape " .
The alarmist CSIRO this month also backed away from blaming global warming for a drought in Tasmania and in the Murray - Darling basin , saying " the jury is still out " .
A new paper by another Australian academic , Assoc Prof Stewart Franks , says the Murray - Darling drought is natural , and has nothing to do with man-made warming .
10 .
The world still wo n't warm
AND still the world has n't warmed since 2001 , even though we pump out more emissions than ever .
Even professional alarmist Tim Flannery , author of The Weather Makers , admits " we have n't seen a continuation of that ( warming ) trend " and " the computer modelling and the real world data disagree " .
And with Europe , the United States and China hit with record cold and snow this winter , no wonder Kevin Rudd has suddenly gone cold on global warming , the mad faith that has cost us so many futile billions already .
Originally published as The billion - dollar hoax
FAYETTEVILLE , N.C. - North Carolina police say a real estate developer known as an active member of his church shot and killed his wife and two teen children and then committed suicide in their Fayetteville home .
Authorities did not hint at a motive into the slayings by William Maxwell in an upscale neighborhood of the city Monday night .
Police said yesterday that 47 - year - old Maxwell killed his wife , Kathryn , and their children , Connor , 17 , and Cameron , 15 , before shooting himself .
Friends and neighbors say the Maxwells were a friendly family who kept a meticulous yard and were active in their church and their children ’s religious high school .
“ They were just wonderful people , ’’ said Kay Edwards , who has lived next door to the Maxwells since 1994 .
“ They were just good neighbors . ’’
Edwards said she would often see family members walking their small dog through the quiet , leafy neighborhood .
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
Personal 3D Work
When I first heard that a remake of the TMNT movie was in production , I was eager to do my own version of one of the turtles .
As a kid I watched a lot of TMNT on the “ cartoon network ” and I ’m really looking forward to the remake of it , even though the thought of it all scares me a bit .
I decided to do one of the characters who have not been given that much attention in the series yet , and that is Slash .
I have added some elements and removed some and made it to something that I can call my own version of him .
Hope you enjoy it , I had a lot of fun making him .
Manufacturer for Plush , Figures , Statues , Coins & More .. Just Ask !
In examining rooms , we see women in terrible pain , but their suffering does n’t count in Stupak / Pitts world .
By banishing abortion from the reform bill , the amendment punishes women who need to end unwanted or unhealthy pregnancies .
When I
heard about the Stupak / Pitts amendment , I was in a room with 15 other doctors who
shared my anger and disappointment .
We had gathered for a board meeting for Physicians for Reproductive Choice and Health ,
and we were horrified by the cruelty the amendment has in store for our
patients .
In
examining rooms , we see women in terrible pain , but their suffering does n’t
count in Stupak / Pitts world .
By banishing abortion from the reform bill , the
amendment punishes women who need to end unwanted or unhealthy pregnancies .
We share
the stories
below and on our website
to show what can happen to women physically , financially , and emotionally when
they do n’t have insurance coverage for abortion .
As physicians , we try our best
to help these women .
As advocates , we will fight to protect their access to
abortion .
From Nancy Stanwood , MD , MPH :
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
My patient Carol was excited to
give birth to her first child .
Her husband was a Marine serving in
Afghanistan .
Sadly , in her second trimester , Carol learned that her baby had a
lethal anomaly .
She and her husband made the difficult decision to have an
abortion .
That ’s when they learned that the
military health insurance they relied on would n’t cover the abortion unless
Carol ’s life was in danger .
Her husband was outraged .
He had
just flown back from Afghanistan to be with her , and he angrily asked me , “ I ’m
over there defending my country , and they wo n’t even take care of my family ? ”
From Natalie Roche , MD :
Renee was 18 years old and in
prenatal care for a pregnancy she wanted .
Her physician found that she had
an elevated white blood count .
Renee was diagnosed with acute leukemia .
Her oncologist could not begin
treatment .
The chemotherapy Renee needed came with a risk of miscarriage that
could cause fatal hemorrhaging or infection .
She decided to have an abortion to
save her life .
But Renee did not have insurance .
It took time for her to find a doctor who could perform her abortion .
The time
she spent searching for a provider she could afford endangered her health .
She
developed anemia and dangerously low white blood cell and platelet counts .
She
also entered the second trimester of her pregnancy , making her abortion
riskier .
I performed her abortion
successfully , and Renee went on to have her treatment for leukemia .
I do not
know if it was too late .
From Willie Parker , MD , MPH :
A woman who was 16 weeks
pregnant and had an alcohol problem came to me for an abortion .
She knew
that she was not ready to be a mother .
But she had a condition with her
placenta that made abortion risky , and I had to tell her that the procedure
would require a hospital stay , making it much more expensive .
She did n’t have insurance or enough
money to cover the termination .
She had no choice but to continue the
pregnancy .
I got her into prenatal care .
That was the best I could do .
From Pratima Gupta , MD , MPH :
I was n’t able to help Anna .
She became pregnant unexpectedly and decided to have an abortion .
But when I
started the paperwork for Anna ’s procedure , her insurance coverage was denied .
Anna works for the postal service , and as a government employee , she is not
allowed to have health insurance coverage for abortion .
I had to tell Anna that I could n’t
provide her abortion , and I gave her the phone numbers of some clinics that
could help .
In the end , Anna had to borrow money from several friends to pay
for her abortion .
I will never forget how frightened and frantic she was to
learn that her good government health insurance did n’t cover the care she
needed .
From Renee E. Mestad , MD :
My patient Sherry is 24 ,
pregnant , and the mother of a 7 - month - old son .
Although her pregnancy was
not planned , Sherry and her husband were initially excited to have a little
brother or sister for their boy .
Then Sherry ’s early ultrasound showed she had
twins .
She and her husband spent several weeks eagerly anticipating the growth
of their family .
But the next ultrasound showed that
the twins are conjoined , or Siamese .
The babies are joined at the head , sharing
a brain , and chest , sharing a heart .
They have two spines , four arms , and four
legs .
It would be impossible to separate them .
If they survive after birth , it
would only be for a few minutes .
One heart ca n’t keep two bodies alive .
The
risk of stillbirth is also very high .
Now 19 weeks into her pregnancy ,
Sherry tells me she is depressed .
She wakes up every morning wondering if today
will be the day her babies will die inside her .
How would she deliver them ?
She
knows that she would probably need a cesarean section because their combined
size might make them too large for the birth canal .
Sherry then imagines
carrying the twins for another four and a half months .
She sees herself
delivering stillborns or watching her babies die minutes after their birth .
Sherry must decide whether to
continue her pregnancy .
An abortion might give her and her husband some
emotional relief .
And if the twins are small enough , she might not need surgery
to remove them .
But because Sherry ’s insurance will
not pay for her abortion , she has to worry about money on top of her other
fears .
She is on Medicaid , which will cover the twins ’ delivery , alive or dead ,
but not an abortion — fetal abnormality is n’t enough to get around the Hyde
amendment .
Although the abortion would be less expensive in a clinic , Sherry
would have to go to a hospital since she could need surgery .
She would be
responsible for the entire bill of at least $ 10,000 to cover the operating
room , anesthesia , medication , and other fees .
This expense would destroy her
family ’s financial well - being .
Sherry can carry her babies to term
who cannot and will not live , or she can have an abortion and
possibly bankrupt her family .
Sherry ’s pregnancy is medically
rare , but her dilemma about money is all too familiar .
When a woman does n’t
have insurance coverage for abortion , she and her family suffer .
« previous post | next post »
The recent discussion of how to pronounce " Uyghur " , and especially the treatment of the medial consonant , brought up the case of yoghurt / yogurt , which in French is " yaourt " — and today on the Omniglot Blog the Word of the Day is yaourter , " to yoghurt " , which is said to be
a French word for the way people attempt to speak or sing in a foreign language that they do n’t know very well .
Often they mishear and misinterpret the word or lyrics and substitute them with familiar words .
Some of the comments on the Omniglot post suggest that the English equivalent is the noun mondegreen .
I 've never heard anyone verbing mondegreen , and a bit of web search does n't turn up much except for the http://twitter.com/mondegreened ( which I 'm sorry to say belong to someone named " Julian " , not " Ed " ) , and a post on " The mondegreening of America " , and a few other things .
But it seems that the key thing about the French word is the nonsense imitation of another language , which is more like a specialization of doubletalk than a verbal equivalent of mondegreen .
There 's nothing available from Gallica , nor from wordreference.com , nor from the Dictionnaire de l'Académie Française , so ( pending asking Francophone friends ) I need to fall back on general web search .
And that turns up things like this comment :
Just for the story , in France , when we do n't speak English and we want to imitate the sound , we call it " yaourter " ( to yoghourt ) , the imitation sounds like a very nasal language , kind of like a baby crying .
It mostly imitates the " cowboy " accent .
Or this one :
Prenez une poignée de bons amis , de préférence des amis aimant chanter , chantonner , fredonner ou même yaourter .
Et qui n’ont pas spécialement peur , les liquides houblonnés aidant , de se cramer la honte dans des bars où ils sont pourtant connus .
Mettez leur entre les pattes une petite boite carrée pleine de cartes , nommée Shabadabada , et laissez agir quelques heures .
Observez le résultat : il semblerait qu’ils alternent des phases de faisage de gueule et d’autres de franche rigolade .
Or again this :
… j'ai rajouté de la super musique dans le lecteur sur votre droite …
Playlist à chanter , yaourter , meumeumer , hurler , casseroler aussi !…
These examples do make it seem as if yaourter is a mode of vocal production , with any sense of " slip of the ear " being very much secondary .
And it 's not clear to me whether imitating the sound of another language is central to its meaning , or if it 's rather something more like scat - singing , or sung double - talk , or something like that .
English has a lot of words for speaking or singing nonsensically , but I can't think of any word that refers specifically to nonsensical imitations of the speech of foreigners , although there 's a long anglophone tradition of producing such imitations for the amusement of others .
Permalink
Refactoring , like testing , is an activity that should be very familiar to all programmers , especially Rubyists .
Actually , programs written in Ruby do n’t need as many refactorings as , say , Java programs .
However Rubyists are traditionally more TDD oriented and they like writing clear and elegant code .
Refactoring : Ruby Edition is actually a rewrite of the more revolutionary — at the time — Refactoring : Improving the Design of Existing Code , written by Martin Fowler & others to teach Java programmers about refactoring .
Jay Fields and others decided to port this historical title to Ruby to fill a gap : there was no authoritative book about refactoring for this language , so what ’s better than translating the Bible on the subject ?
If you already own the Java book you should n’t buy this one .
This is not my personal opinion ( I never read the original ) , it ’s actually written in the Preface of the book itself .
I really like honest authors , and luckily this seems to have become a trend , lately : programmers do n’t like reading bullshit after all .
By the authors ’ own admission , this book contains roughly the same material and the same examples of the original Java book , plus some slightly more Ruby - specific content .
Getting started
The first chapter , Refactoring , a first example , is not a first chapter .
Well , it is in a literal sense , but it does n’t look like one : no theory , no padding , you ’re immediately thrown in the middle of the battle , dealing with a small program in desperate need of refactoring .
It literally contains quite a lot of code : the same program is rewritten over and over with changes in bold to teach you what refactoring means .
The most intimidating thing is reading names of refactoring techniques capitalized and used in a natural way , like if the reader was supposed to know them already .
In all fairness though , they are self - explanatory most of the time , e.g. Replace Array with Object .
What makes this chapter even more unusual is the clever usage of white space : before and after code snippets are shown on separate page , which makes it much more immediate to see the changes in code ( but it wo n’t work very well if you bought the ebook instead of the hardback ) .
By contrast , the second chapter Principles in Refactoring is all about theory : it should have been the first chapter , but it ’s better this way .
Here you ’ll learn the basics : a bit of history , when to refactor and when not to , and so on .
I bet it was taken almost verbatim from the Java book ; see for example : “ [ … ]
If your building APIs for outsid consumption , as Sun does [ … ] ” .
Chapter 3 , Bad Smells in Code , is probably the most important and useful chapter in the entire book .
It ’s somethig you should read over and over until you can spot a code smell right after coding .
“ You should use this chapter and the table on the inside back cover as a way to give you inspiration whn you ’re not sure what refactorings to do . ”
Precisely what you have to do .
Except that there is no table on the inside back cover , so I guess this one will have to do .
Pity .
Chapter 4 , Building Tests , is the usual , compulsory chapter about unit testing , i.e. the usual intro to Test : : Unit .
As I said , it ’s essential for the book to make sense , but you can safely skip it if you know how to test already .
Finally , chapter 5 ( Toward a Catalog of Refactoring ) is a 2.5 page intro to the bulk of the book , nothing more than glue to ease the transition .
I would have removed it completely , but that ’s because I ’m a merciless technical writer I guess .
Diving in
From chapter 6 onwards , specific refactoring techniques are described .
Each chapter starts with a brief overview of the following sections ( which should have been a list , but I ’m just being pedantic now ) , so you know what to expect .
Each technique described has a very meaningful and immediate name that reflects its purpose , like Extract Method or Split Temporary Variable .
A code example introduces the code smell and the proposed refactoring , followed by a Mechanics section with a list of actions to perform and an explanatory Motivation section .
Tipically , each refactoring has its own , self - contained code snippets .
Depending on the complexity of the refactoring technique examined , the authors may spend half to five or six pages just to show all code iterations to get to the result .
When things get too complicated , UML diagrams are used to make the technique easier to understand , but only when it ’s strictly necessary .
Even if the original techniques were though for Java , the authors ( in particlar Jay Fields , I guess ) do a great job making sure that the Ruby code doens n’t look like Java code in disguise : the result of the refactoring always follows Ruby ’s philosophy and idioms .
I particularly liked the following :
Replace Dynamic Receptor with Dynamic Method Definition ( Chapter 6 ) , a nice example of metaprogramming .
Decompose Conditional / Recompose Conditional ( Chapter 9 ) , very useful and very common
Replace Nested Conditional with Guard Clause ( Chapter 9 ) , another way to deal with a very common problem with conditionals
Extract Module ( Chapter 11 ) , very Rubyesque way to tidy up busy classes
This does n’t mean that every refactoring described in the book is a programmer ’s epiphany , some of the techniques are indeed pretty obvious and some portion of code in need of refactoring indeed smell very , very bad !
E.g. :
Inline Class ( Chapter 7 ) : Who on Earth would ever create a class containing a single method returning a telephone number ?
Replace Magic Number with Symbolic Constant ( Chapter 8 ) :
Why would you use integers for constants ?
Did n’t Matz give us Symbols to avoid just that ?
The big picture
By the end of chapter 11 you should be familiar with nearly all the best possible way to get rid of code smells .
That ’s all good , but what happens if the entire program stinks ?
Chapter 12 ( Big Refactorings ) claims to have some answers to some common pitfalls .
The techniques defined in this chapter are by no means sufficient to solve all problems caused by bad design , but they can help especially to rewrite legacy code , or programs developed by Ruby newbies :
Tease Apart Inheritance
Convert procedural design to objects
Separate domain from presentation
Extract hierarchy
They are basically all about reducing bloat and unnecessary complexity , and — to me , that is — they all sounded pretty obvious .
Of course I ’m going to separate domain from presentation !
Did n’t Rails teach us anything at all ?
I must say I was somehow disappointed by this chapter .
I was going to bet there was something slightly more advanced , maybe something about replacing traditional object instantiation with an internal DSL ?
Nope , sorry .
Chapter 13 , on the other hand , is an excellent conclusion to the book : it really helps the reader to understand when to refactor and how to do so , depending on the situation .
Conclusion
This and Design Patterns in Ruby are now my favorite Ruby books .
I believe they complete each other : Russ Olsen ’s book is more about designing your programs properly from the start , while Refactoring : Ruby Edition can help to make things better at a lower level .
Ruby developers do n’t need to refactor as much as Java developers , mainly because of Ruby itself , nevertheless , this is an excellent read for anyone who wants to get serious about programming in Ruby , and is determined to do so by following the Ruby Way .
I ’ll definitely keep this book near me when I ’m coding : I do believe it is much more helpful when you start using it as a reference , when you already read about all the refactoring techniques and want to put them in practice .
Also , I ’ll probably re-read chapter 3 on a regular basis , to get accustomed to recognize code smells , and deal with them accordingly .
More than a third of U.S. adults are obese .
But at least the climb in the country 's obesity rate seems to be slowing .
Figures from the National Center for Health Statistics showed 34 % of Americans age 20 and older were obese in 2007 - 08 , according to a study of CDC data published in JAMA today .
Add in people who are overweight and the total goes to 68 % .
Seventeen percent of children ages 2 through 19 were obese and 32 % were overweight , another JAMA study said .
Sounds ...
The Guardian has teamed up with more than 50 papers worldwide to run the same front - page leader article calling for action at the climate summit in Copenhagen , which begins tomorrow .
This unprecedented project is the result of weeks of negotiations between the papers to agree on a final text , in a process that mirrors the diplomatic wrangling likely to dominate the next 14 days in Copenhagen .
Fifty - six papers in 45 countries published in 20 different languages have joined the initiative , and will feature the leader in some form on their front pages .
Among the titles taking part are two Chinese papers – the Economic Observer and the Southern Metropolitan – and India 's second largest English - language paper , The Hindu .
Some of the world 's best known papers , such as Le Monde , El Pais , Russia 's Novaya Gazeta and the Toronto Star , are also on board .
The leader was the work of team of Guardian writers and editors and went through three drafts to arrive at a text that satisfied all the editors involved .
Alan Rusbridger , editor - in - chief of the Guardian , said : " Newspapers have never done anything like this before but they have never had to cover a story like this before .
No individual newspaper editorial could hope to influence the outcome of Copenhagen but I hope the combined voice of 56 major papers speaking in 20 languages will remind the politicians and negotiators gathering there what is at stake – and persuade them to rise above the rivalries and inflexibility that have stood in the way of a deal . "
The Guardian deputy editor Ian Katz , who co-ordinated the project , said : " The fact that papers from Moscow to Miami , with such different national and political perspectives , could agree on an editorial should offer some hope that our leaders might be able to do the same .
We are bombarded with so much news and comment about climate change that many people are understandably tempted to go back to bed and pull the duvet over their heads – hopefully this improbable alliance will capture people 's attention , and perhaps their imagination too . "
The leader says that overcoming climate change " will take a triumph of optimism over pessimism , of vision over short - sightedness , of what Abraham Lincoln called ' the better angels of our nature ' " .
" It is in that spirit that 56 newspapers from around the world have united behind this editorial .
If we , with such different national and political perspectives , can agree on what must be done then surely our leaders can , too . "
Dubai's Gulf News , the Arabic language paper An Nahar of Lebanon and the Israeli paper Maariv are among the 16 Asian papers involved .
There are also 11 African papers participating , and nine from north , south and central America combined .
The sole English - language US paper represented is the Miami Herald .
" This initiative offered the Miami Herald 's editorial board a terrific opportunity to join other papers across the globe on an issue that is of paramount importance to Florida and to our nation , " said the Herald 's editorial page editor , Myriam Marquez .
The 20 European papers taking part include the Irish Times , Liberation , Suddeutsche Zeitung , La Repubblica and Turkish title Hurriyet .
And delegates in Copenhagen will find that two Danish papers , Dagbladet Information and Danish Politiken , are featuring the leader too .
Some papers , such as Japan 's Asahi Shimbun , were not able to carry a shared leader as that would breach their editorial protocols but are carrying a news report about the initiative .
Two Australian papers , the Age and the Sydney Morning Herald , pulled out at a late stage after the election of climate change sceptic Tony Abbott as leader of the opposition Liberal party recast the country 's debate on green issues .
Peter Cole , head of the journalism department at the University of Sheffield , praised the unprecedented collaboration between newspapers .
" This is a tremendous initiative and a good counter to the idea that nobody notices that the world is falling apart , " he said .
" If editors from nearly 50 countries all over the world , including all the major countries that contribute so much to global warming , can all agree , then surely the politicians in Copenhagen would be foolish to ignore it . "
" Only one year ago , during the COP 14 summit in Poznan , governments promised us that they would deliver a breakthrough , " said Konrad Niklewicz of Poland 's Gazeta Wyborcza .
" Yet as the Copenhagen summit approached , their courage and leadership started to disappear .
Politicians started to behave as we had plenty of time and no disaster looming .
Yet the opposite is the case .
" Science tells us we have no more time , it is now or never .
We can't let governments get away with yet another fudge and unfulfilled promises .
Speaking with one voice , we will be heard . "
N Ram , editor - in - chief and publisher of India 's Hindu , added : " This is a splendid initiative , and with some luck and a lot of hard work it should turn out to be a significant media intervention , an example of how we can perform our social responsibility function .
The Hindu feels happy and privileged to be part of this initiative and prospective intervention , and we are of course front - paging the global editorial with the impressive logo ( the American absences notwithstanding ) . "
ENVIRONMENT
Minister John Gormley will today impose a € 4,700 annual conference spending limit on the 1,000 councillors who are members of city and county councils .
The measures are part of a crackdown to halt costly junketeering by councillors .
A source close to the minister last night said the new spending limit was intended the " clip the wings " of councillors who had previously enjoyed travelling abroad to conferences and racking up mileage for conferences at home .
The new spending limits -- which will be as low as € 1,000 for some town councillors -- will apply for this year 's conference season and may decimate the attendance rates at many conferences .
But it is expected to provoke furious opposition from many councillors , who collectively claimed € 5.1 m last year for conference mileage , travel and accommodation at home and abroad .
According to new figures from the Department of the Environment , the average claim per councillor was € 7,000 -- which comes on top of their taxable representative payment of € 17,000 .
The highest claims for county councillors were in Longford , where the average was € 12,300 each .
This compared to average conference claims of € 3,500 in Kilkenny County Council .
Longford Town Council also topped the charts in its own category , with its members claiming an average of € 13,333 each .
In contrast , the average claim for Trim Town Council was just € 89 each .
The highest claims for city councillors were made in Limerick , where the average was € 12,600 .
This was more than four times higher than the average claim of € 2,800 in Dublin City Council .
Mr Gormley will impose an even tougher € 3,000 limit on the five borough councils ( Clonmel , Drogheda , Sligo , Wexford and Kilkenny ) , as well as on some of the larger town councils .
This will particularly affect borough councillors in Sligo - who were found to have claimed almost € 10,000 each on average last year .
This was five times more than the € 1,700 average claim in Kilkenny Borough Council .
There will be a € 2,000 spending cap on smaller town councils , with this limit dropping to € 1,000 for the smallest .
Every local authority will be legally obliged to impose them .
Changes
Mr Gormley has been planning the change for more than a year .
He carried out a consultation process with councillors ' representative bodies and had several meetings with senators opposed to the changes -- who are mainly dependent on councillors for re-election to the Seanad .
He is now going to introduce new spending caps by regulation .
It is understood he will say that the new spending limits are not targets to be met .
He will also say he will reserve the right to lower them further if he finds any evidence of councillors deliberately trying to reach the maximum limit each year .
Mr Gormley is set to demand more " discretion , oversight and control " by councillors when they are choosing which conferences to attend .
Irish Independent
The Denver Police Department arrested 32 men and juvenile boys after a months - long undercover investigation into what police said were racially motivated assaults and robberies in downtown Denver , including the LoDo entertainment district .
A task force composed of Denver police , the FBI and the Denver district attorney ’s office investigated 26 incidents in which groups of black males verbally harassed , assaulted and at times robbed white or Latino males , according to Denver Police Chief Gerry Whitman .
All of the suspects are young black males , most of whom told police they were associated with either the Rollin ’ 60s Crips gang or the Black Gangster Disciples gang .
They are charged with varying counts of bias - motivated assault and , in some cases , robbery — all felony crimes .
The investigation determined that there was no single mastermind behind the summer and fall assaults , District Attorney Mitch Morrissey said .
It is clear , however , that the two groups communicated , he said .
Groups of four or five black men would approach a victim late at night or early in the morning and attempt to spark a fight by verbally berating him , Whitman said .
The suspects made references to the victims ’ race during the assaults .
Victims were punched in the head , resulting in head injuries , broken noses and shattered eye sockets , according to Whitman .
No one was killed during the months of attacks .
Some victims ’ wallets , iPods , cash and other small items were stolen after the assault .
Whitman said it might be the largest racially motivated criminal group effort ever in Denver .
“ We have seen coordinated efforts before , but not by this large of a group , ” Whitman said .
A pattern emerged
Assaults were often recorded on video cameras mounted throughout parts of the city .
The first of the assaults was in July .
As a pattern emerged , police dispatched undercover teams to areas near clubs and late - night restaurants where assaults were occurring to intervene .
In September , police asked the public for help in solving 14 downtown muggings but chose not to alert the public to the racial nature of the crimes , or the scope of the investigation underway , out of concern that the undercover effort would be compromised .
Denver police are still looking for suspects and victims involved in six unreported robberies and assaults captured on video .
The footage indicates that they may be related to the 26 reported instan ces .
Victims involved in the assaults may not know that their attacks were part of a larger pattern , Morrissey said .
Fifty - five warrants were issued for the 35 suspects .
Some suspects may have been involved in more than one assault .
24 - hour sweep
All 32 suspects arrested during the 24 - hour sweep know one another , Morrissey said .
But finding almost all of the people they wanted surprised police .
“ I was surprised we only missed four of them , ” Whitman said .
A short time after he spoke , one more was caught .
Three suspects , Allen Ford , Torrence McCall and one juvenile , are still at large .
Suspects are being held on $ 1 million bail for each count .
Jordan Steffen : 303-954-1638 or jsteffen@denverpost.com
Trekking Holiday In Nepal
With Trekking Tours Nepal
Namaste !
Welcome to Trekking Tours Nepal .
We are a local Travel Tour Agency in Nepal .
We are running comprehensive trekking & tour packages at an unbeatable rate .
Trekking Tours Nepal is a team of professional , experienced , and passionate members .
Formed by individuals who have worked in the field of Tourism as trekking / climbing guide , trekking / climbing porter , and tour operator for over a decade , itineraries are well planned to meet your requirements .
The Company is registered under the Government of Nepal .
Exploring and promoting non-touristy areas have been under the priority of Green Valley Nepal Treks in recent years .
Since its founding in 2010 , the company has been providing packages under Trekking In Nepal , peak climbing , adventure travel , expedition , tours , and research for individuals and small groups along with larger parties such as airline crews , travel agents and business holidays tours in Nepal , Tibet Bhutan .
We also offer special packages for school and college student groups .
Portland 's last downtown furrier has taken a novel approach to anti-fur protesters outside his salon :
He won restraining orders by accusing them of abusing him because he is elderly .
Horst Grimm , 75 , obtained the orders in July and August against four protesters , and a judge has agreed to hear more arguments on the case Nov. 4 .
Grimm owns Nicholas Ungar Furs at Southwest Yamhill Street and 12th Avenue .
Protesters have been holding daily vigils there since January , and they said Friday that their goal is to open a discussion with Grimm about his trade , even though , " We have a no - compromise ethic , " said Josh Freya , 24 .
The protesters have been chanting anti-fur slogans and carrying signs -- " Stop the killing ! " " Leave the fur on the animals ! "
The Ungar protests began a year after Schumacher Furs closed its downtown store after a 15 - month anti-fur campaign that was rancorous and combative .
But Detective Mary Wheat of the Portland Police Bureau said no one has been arrested protesting at the Ungar salon .
" There have been some complaints from neighbors about noise , " Wheat said .
" And there has been some criminal mischief , paint and that sort of thing . "
Ungar Furs has been in business for 50 years .
In 2005 , Grimm agreed to pay a $ 40,000 fine for selling a coat made from jaguar , an endangered species .
At the Ungar salon Friday , Grimm and his son , Kai , declined comment about the protests or the restraining orders .
In July , Horst Grimm asked for the orders against Jeffrey John Wirth and Justin R. Kay ; in late August , Grimm asked for orders against Andrea August Parson and Jonathan Waylon Brooks .
Grimm took out the orders in Clackamas County , where he lives .
Freya said the four people named in the orders have been protesting and chanting outside the Ungar salon .
In each case , Grimm invoked Oregon 's Elderly Persons and Persons with Disabilities Abuse Prevention Act , saying that the protesters were abusing him because of his age .
Wirth and Kay were ordered to stay 150 feet away from Grimm .
At a Thursday hearing in Clackamas County Circuit Court , Judge Kenneth Stewart extended the orders until a Nov. 4 hearing .
He lifted the 150 - foot restriction , but he told the four protesters that they could not speak to Grimm .
Freya said the protesters stopped their daily chanting to abide by Stewart 's order .
Not every case that crosses the desk of Attorney John Lesaganich settles .
Some business needs to be tried or arbitrated , as we say , before the Illinois Workers ’ Compensation Commission .
At John Lesaganich , P.C. , Attorney at Law , we take the arbitration process very seriously .
Mr. Lesaganich is experienced at the taking of evidentiary depositions of doctors called as witnesses by both the injured worker and the insurance company for the employer .
Successful arbitration is important .
Firstly , it provides us with an order securing the benefits to which our client is entitled .
Moreover , it assists John Lesaganich , P.C. , Attorney at Law , with a reputation that if your case does not settle , the injured worker will enjoy aggressive experienced counsel before the arbitrator at arbitration .
CHICAGO ( MarketWatch ) -- McDonald 's Corp. reported a 23 % increase in fourth - quarter profit , helped by the weak dollar and higher demand from the U.S. and France to Russia and Australia .
Net income rose to $ 1.22 billion , or $ 1.11 a share , from $ 985.3 million , or 87 cents , in the year - earlier period .
Revenue rose 7 % to $ 5.97 billion from $ 5.57 billion , McDonald 's MCD , +0.37 % said Friday .
Excluding the benefit of currency translation , revenue was up 2 % .
The fourth - quarter per-share results include benefits of 7 cents from foreign - currency translations and 8 cents from the resolution of certain liabilities , the Oak Brook , Ill. , company said .
Analysts estimated the fast - food giant earned $ 1.01 a share on revenue of $ 5.92 billion , according to FactSet .
McDonald 's shares rose 19 cents to close at $ 63.39 .
Global same - store sales , or those at outlets open at least 13 months , rose 2.3 % with all segments reporting positive results , McDonald 's said .
In the U.S. , operating profit rose 5 % as commodities costs eased and McCafe espresso - based coffees and the Angus Third Pounder helped drive demand .
In Europe , the U.K. , France and Russia led profit growth .
Its Asia -Pacific , Middle East and Africa unit saw a double - digit gain in operating profit , led by Australia .
There was expansion in China while commodity costs also declined .
" As we begin 2010 , McDonald 's January global - comparable - sales trend remains positive , " said Jim Skinner , chief executive , in a statement .
He also noted the chain served an average 60 million customers a day in 2009 , up 2 million a day over the prior year .
The company has been among the few beneficiaries of the global recession as consumers trade down from higher - priced restaurant fare .
It has overhauled its menu in recent years while extending hours and aggressively expanding into some fast - growing international markets .
And " they are outpacing a lot of their competitors , " said Garth Snider , president of FranchiseOpportunities.com , an online franchising network .
" They have made very few operational mistakes , " while a massive global footprint has allowed the company " to weather the storm a little better than most quick - service restaurants , " he added .
Further , " they continue to expand their menu and they clearly have their finger on the pulse not only of the American consumer but international consumers as well , " Snider said .
There are roughly 32,000 McDonald 's outlets worldwide , with the company owning about 6,500 and the rest franchised .
How do you get a literary agent when you ’re not published ?
Finding the right agent to represent you and your work is one of the most important things you can do as a writer .
How do you get a literary agent who believes in you , … Read More » 15 Things Writers Need to Know About Literary Agents
( Newser ) – An unusually large calculator is on display for the next six months at the Computer History Museum in Mountain View , California .
The massive machine is a “ difference engine , ” a mechanical calculator to determine polynomial functions designed ( but never built ) by 19th - century inventor Charles Babbage .
London ’s Science Museum constructed the brand new device for tech multimillionaire Nathan Myhrvold , reports CNet .
The difference engine can perform just one calculation every 6 seconds and is made of parts largely hand - finished by museum staff .
It ’s so large — weighing in at 9,000 pounds — that it took workers three hours to get it off the delivery truck and another couple of hours to move it into the museum , where it was greeted with applause by a Silicon Valley crowd .
( Read more difference engine stories . )
If you want to play better pinball you need to keep control of the ball for as much of the game as possible .
That way you can aim for each shot rather than use a hit - and - hope approach .
If your shot misses , you can get the ball back and try again .
The ball is in your control , not the game's .
That 's the theory anyway .
In this article we 'll look at how you stop the ball and make sure it's on the correct flipper for the next shot .
We 'll explain the technical terms and there are some movie files so you can see the theory in practice .
Before we kick off , it 's important to remember a few basic rules .
Firstly , every pinball game is different .
The slope , speed , strength of flippers , sensitivity of slingshots , everything is infinitely variable so it 's important that you learn the ' feel ' of a game before you rely on these techniques .
Most of all , play in a way you feel comfortable with .
Secondly , playing good pinball is a skill .
It can be learned but it requires practice .
Lots of practice , and that can make it hard work .
Now , we all play pinball for fun so why make it hard work ?
Because with these skills you 'll score more points , get further into the game and become a total hero while wowing your friends into buying you free drinks all night .
Well , perhaps not the last bit but you get the idea .
Finally , the point of these techniques is to stop the ball getting into trouble .
The path of the ball is all about cause and effect .
You flipping the ball results in it taking a particular path .
Get it right and the ball is safe .
Get it wrong and you 're into a damage limitation exercise .
If we can start with a stopped ball on the correct flipper with all the time we need to line up the shot , the chances of making the shot improve enormously over making a reflex panic shot .
OK , enough explanation of what we 're going to do .
Let 's get on with it .
Each of these techniques is shown on a Williams High Speed 2 - The Getaway .
There are images showing the path of the ball and movie files showing the technique in action .
Trapping the ball
This is the bread - and - butter of pinball ball control and if you 've played more that a few games you 'll have used this already .
No movie necessary .
You know how to do this !
The ball is trapped at the base of the upraised flipper .
The ball can get in this position in a number of ways such as rolling down the inlane or bouncing off a slingshot rubber .
Getting the ball trapped gives you time to think about the next shot , take a sip of your drink , or read the on - display game info .
Use it to calm down a frantic game or in advanced play you can keep one or more balls safe during multiball .
Catching the ball Catching is similar to Trapping in that you stop the ball , but in Catching you only have the ball stationary for a brief moment and then have to make an almost immediate shot .
The Drop Catch -
This is moderately difficult manoeuvre with a medium risk attached .
When the ball is headed straight towards a flipper and you want to shoot from that flipper , use the drop catch to stop the ball and set yourself up for the next shot .
The key to this 2 - part technique is all in the timing .
View the Drop Catch movie
( 466 K MPEG1 ) Just as the ball strikes the flipper ( yellow line ) , you release the flipper button .
( It sounds a bit crazy but that 's what you do . )
When the ball hits the falling flipper ( purple line ) all the energy is taken out of it , so you end up with the ball at rest part way down the dropped flipper .
Naturally the ball will begin to roll down the flipper , so when you 're lined up for the shot - just flip .
If you 're late in dropping the flipper , there will be some degree of bounce to the ball .
If you 're too early the ball will either bounce or run straight down the centre .
Once you 've mastered the timing , the main danger with this shot come from a ball with lots of spin on it .
As the ball lands on the falling flipper , although it stops travelling down the playfield , the spin on the ball can send it either up the flipper into the inlane ( counterclockwise spin ) , or worse , straight down the centre drain ( clockwise spin ) .
The spin directions are reversed on the right - hand flipper .
Because the ball is hard against the flipper rubber when it stops , any spin has a perfect grip on the rubber so you often do n't get a chance to spot it until it 's too late .
The other potential problem is if you misjudge where the ball will land , and it actually hits the metal strip just above the flipper at the bottom of the inlane .
In this case the ball fails to stop and just runs straight down the middle .
In both cases you end up looking very silly , so beware .
Passing the ball Catching and trapping are fine if your next shot is from the same flipper as the one with the ball .
But what about if you have the ball on the wrong flipper ?
That 's where you use a passing technique .
There are 3 to learn before you become a pass master ( geddit ? ) .
The Bounce Pass -
This is so easy it does n't seem like a skill at all .
View the Bounce Pass movie
( 396 K MPEG1 ) The Bounce Pass involves you doing absolutely nothing .
That 's right , nothing .
When the ball hits the ' wrong ' flipper full - on , you just let it bounce across to the correct side , wait for it to roll into position and then flip .
What could be easier ?
Naturally there are a few things to watch out for .
First , this technique works best when the ball come in perpendicular to the flipper face .
If the ball is rolling down the slingshot face , it will probably bounce straight into the centre drain .
Secondly , the ball needs to have a decent speed .
Obviously , how far it bounces depends on how fast it 's travelling .
Make sure it 's moving fast enough to bounce over to the other flipper .
Thirdly , this method is as vulnerable to ball spin as the drop catch and the results are the same .
Do n't assume that just because the bounce should work , that it will .
Watch it happen , and be prepared for the ball not to end up quite where it should .
Finally , do n't try this if the flippers are sticky , especially if they do n't drop down fully .
In this case the ball just knocks the flipper right down and promptly drains in a kind of failed - drop - catch manoeuvre .
With all these provisos , the skill to using the Bounce Pass is knowing when you can use it and when to use another method .
The Shot Pass -
You 've probably done this before too but not thought too much about it .
Again the aim is to move the ball from one flipper to the other , but this technique is highly game - specific .
View the Shot Pass movie
( 642 K MPEG1 )
What you do is to shoot the ball up a ramp , into a kickout or round a loop that returns it to the opposite flipper .
Not every game will have such a shot on both sides of the game but taking our trusty Getaway game as an example , the Supercharger Ramp is a right flipper shot that returns the ball to the left flipper .
The Burn Rubber saucer is shot from the left flipper and kicks the ball out to the upper right flipper or - if you do n't flip - onto the lower right one .
There is a potential disadvantage to the shot pass .
By making the shot you may collect an award or feature that you 'd rather leave uncollected .
Also the shot may be sufficiently difficult to not be worth the risk .
The advantage is the flip - side to this .
You make the pass and collect whatever award is associated with the shot .
The Post Pass -
This is the hardest skill to master ( of those listed here ) , and if you 've never done it or seen it before you 'd do well to view the movie .
View the Post Pass movie
( 903 K MPEG1 )
The principle is that from a trapped ball ( left side red blob ) , you allow the flipper to drop a small amount then raise it again .
This performs a mini-flip that bounces the ball off the bottom post of the slingshot .
It then bounces up over the raised flipper and over the gap onto the lowered flipper on the other side ( right side red blob ) .
Depending on how well you can pull off the Post Pass , the ball can either be trapped on the other flipper , or left to roll down it before flipping .
By varying the duration and timing of the mini-flip you can control the strength of the Post Pass .
The stronger the pass , the further up the opposite flipper the ball lands .
To catch the ball on the opposite flipper , you need a powerful pass so that the ball bounces across and lands on the inlane guide , killing its power .
Mini - flip too hard and the ball will bounce across onto the slingshot ruining your pass .
If you mini - flip too softly or too early , the ball will either just rattle around the ' V ' between the raised flipper and the inlane guide , or it wo n't get enough momentum to bounce over to the other flipper .
In this case the ball can gently roll off the end of the raised flipper and down the centre drain .
If this happens , it seems to happen in slow - motion .
It 's transfixing .
It 's also very funny for anyone else watching .
Make sure you 're happy that the ball is travelling fast enough to get across that gap , otherwise you can make another very gentle flip to help it on it's way , or a full - blooded flip to make a shot .
If you leave the mini - flip too late , you 'll just make a regular shot .
So that 's about it for now .
We 'll be back soon with the next installment of skills to learn , including deathsaves .
Back to the learn page Back to the front page © Pinball News 2002
Problems with TDD
If you have not yet read it , please read Maria Siniaalto's 15 page " Test - Driven Development : empirical body of evidence . "
It summarizes the few empirical studies done to evaluate the effectiveness of TDD .
In the conclusion you 'll find :
Based on the findings of the existing studies , it can be concluded that TDD seems to improve software quality , especially when employed in an industrial context .
The findings were not so obvious in the semi-industrial or academic context , but none of those studies reported on decreased quality either .
The productivity effects of TDD were not very obvious , and the results vary regardless of the context of the study .
However , there were indications that TDD does not necessarily decrease the developer productivity or extend the project lead - times :
In some cases , significant productivity improvements were achieved with TDD while only two out of thirteen studies reported on decreased productivity .
However , in both of those studies the quality was improved .
The empirical evidence on the practical use of TDD and its impacts on software development are still quite limited .
I mention this first because I 've concluded that not only is TDD not useful for me but I do n't think it 's a generally useful technique .
The important requirements are to have good , complete automated unit tests , to develop code for testing , and to do interative improvement through refectoring and rewriting .
TDD promotes those , but my experience is that TDD pins down the code too early and my observation is that TDD by itself ignores certain classes of essential unit tests .
My position against TDD will be contentious to some , like those who believe that TDD is a required component in modern best - practices development .
I quoted Siniaalto to show that there is no strong evidence to back that belief .
I fully expect someone to tell me that TDD drastically improved their development style .
My response will be they learned good practices , but those practices do n't require TDD and can as easily be learned without TDD .
By the way , while my conclusion is in opposition to Siniaalto's , it 's because the most successful TDD paper in her report comes from Maximilien and Williams about their experience at IBM .
They went from ad hoc unit testing to good development practices based on TDD .
I think good testing practices without using TDD would have given the same results .
Before going further I 'll also quote from Kent Beck 's " Test - driven development : by example " :
One of the ironies of TDD is that it is n't a testing technique ( the Cunningham Koan ) .
It 's an analysis technique , a design technique , really a technique for structuring all the activities of development .
Test first vs. test last vs. good testing
This entire essay will describe why TDD is a weak testing technique and an incomplete development technique .
I 'll bring up other techniques which are not part of TDD but end up leading to better unit tests that should help make you more confident that your code works .
By TDD I mean Test Driven Development , and specifically its test first approach .
Wikipedia describes TDD as :
First the developer writes a failing automated test case that defines a desired improvement or new function , then produces code to pass that test and finally refactors the new code to acceptable standards .
testing should be done before the code goes into production ; it does not imply that the tests are automated .
By contrast , people also talk about " test last " .
Test last is the extreme opposite of " test first " .
One good definition of test last is :
When I say that people should n't do TDD I do not mean they should do test last development instead .
That is false dichotomy , and it annoys me when I read descriptions which present those two styles as the only possibilities .
My own practice is to have good , automated tests , but these do n't get put into place until the cost / benefit ratio makes the tests worthwhile ; which is rarely at the start of the code development and always by the end .
The test themselves are guided by the code , and the knowledge of where the failure cases might be in the code .
In addition , I 'll add tests which check the expected input range , and after the code is done I 'll add tests which check my belief that the code is done , as well in some cases tests driven by code coverage or other reasons .
I expect people to point out that TDD does not preclude other testing strategies , to fill in those gaps .
I completely agree .
I agree so much that I mostly use those other good strategies , and not TDD .
TDD seems to add little to the result .
Worked out TDD examples
I want to base my response in at least the spirit of empirical research .
I can't , because I do n't ( and neither likely do you ) have the resources to do those tests .
What I can do is find some descriptions of TDD used to implement a problem and make comments about them to highlight limitations in TDD .
I give full props to those who have described the steps they go through to work on a problem .
Even in the simplest of cases it 's a lot of work .
I found number of basic TDD tutorials , based around addition and subtraction , either with basic add ( ) and sub ( ) functions or through depositing and withdrawing money from a bank account [ 1 ] and [ 2 ] .
Those were too simple to have problems .
I wanted something more complex .
The most complete examples I found were Robert Martin's Prime Factors Kata , which he also works through in a video , and implementing the Fibonacci sequence in Gary Bernhardt 's blog post How I started TDD and Kent Beck 's " Test - driven development : by example " .
I do n't know if Bernhardt 's example is derived from Beck's , but it 's the one I came across first .
Prime Factors
The Prime Factor Kata asks for a function which takes a number and returns its prime factors in an ordered list , including duplicates .
For example , 12 would return 2 , 2 , 3 .
The test cases were 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 6 , 8 , and 9 and the kernel of the solution was :
public static List < Integer > generate ( int n ) { List < Integer > primes = new ArrayList < Integer >( ) ; for ( int candidate = 2 ; n > 1 ; candidate ++ ) for ( ; n%candidate == 0 ; n/=candidate ) primes.add ( candidate ) ; return primes ;
Fibonacci
The Fibonacci sequence examples checked that the first few outputs were correct , giving fib( i=0 , 1 , ... ) = 0 , 1 , 1 , 2 , 3 , 5 .
Both people ended with variations of the classic recursive solution , here from Bernhardt :
def fib( n ) : if n <= 1 : return n else : return fib(n - 1 ) + fib(n - 2 )
Problem : TDD does n't emphasize good test cases
When I looked at Martin's Prime Number Sieve , I first thought the code was wrong .
It tests to see if 2 is a divisor , then 3 , then 4 , then 5 , and so on .
4 can never be a prime divisor of the candidate because 4 is n't prime .
Why does his code check for that possibility ?
Was there a bug ?
Code should be readable , so that others can understand it and verify that it works .
In the same vein , tests should serve as a way for others to check that the code is working .
I looked at the tests , and noticed that the only prime factors tested were 2 and 3 .
Perhaps if 5 was a prime factor then there would be a problem when the code got to 4 ?
I could n't tell from the tests , so I had to look more closely at the code .
It then became obvious .
All factors of 2 were removed , so there was no way that 4 could be a divisor .
By construction , no non-prime candidate could ever work , so will never be added to the list .
The tests were not good enough to minimize doubt that the code contained bugs .
I can think of a couple of simple variations of the code which would contain bugs and which would pass the tests .
Yes , the tests were enough to help Martin get to a solution , but they should n't have been enough to convince him , much less others , that the code was right .
Some good tests might have included the primes 17 and 97 as well as 91 ( =7*13 ) .
I can't think of simple bugs to put in Martin 's code which would also cause those test cases to fail , excepting a hard - coded upper limit to the search space which would easily show up on code review .
Fibonacci Sequence
Bernhardt 's Fibonacci Sequence did test enough numbers that I was pretty sure that algorithm would come up with the correct answers , although I would have preferred some larger numbers , like fib ( 12 ) = 144 .
( I picked that one because it 's cute that 144=12*12 . )
Problem :
When do you add tests that should pass ?
TDD says to add a failing test then fix the code .
What do you do with tests which are expected to pass ?
For example , suppose I finished the prime factors code but upon review of the tests I have a niggling uncertainty that it handles prime factors greater than 3 .
I want to add a test case to find the factors of 91 .
I asked this of Bernhardt , and he kindly addressed that in his followup essay " The Limits of TDD . "
After the tests drove the first fully - functional design out , I 'd add exactly the types of tests you describe .
These would n't fail at first , but that 's fine ; TDD does n't preclude such things , they 're just outside its scope .
What I would do , to make sure the tests were honest , is to intentionally break the code , watch them fail ( probably along with several other tests ) , then unbreak the code .
This gives me at least some of the confidence that TDD does - I know that something is actually being tested .
This is a bit different than what I would do .
If the code is supposed to work then I do n't want to touch the code at all .
Instead , I add the test but make sure the test is supposed to fail , perhaps by saying the factors of 91 are 5 and 13 .
Seeing the failure is a check that I did n't make a stupid mistake in writing the test .
Then I fix the test and see that it passes .
Mine is not his more TDD approach , although close .
But I want to highlight his comment that " TDD does n't preclude such things , they 're just outside its scope . "
That 's exactly my point , and notably in disagreement with Beck 's statement that TDD is " really a technique for structuring all the activities of development . "
Other tests and other development approaches besides TDD are needed for good software development , including approaches which are conceptually quite close to TDD but not part of it .
I say that the skills that are needed to detect and add good passing tests can equally be applied to developing good unit tests in the first place .
Only , without extra requirement of coming up with all of the tests first .
Problem : TDD does not consider worst - case scenarios
In " good test cases " I said that TDD does n't stress the tests needed to convince yourself or others that the code was right , only tests to implement the code you think is right .
Here I 'll talk about a different sort of unit test that TDD does n't help with - worst - case scenarios .
Prime Factors Kata
I implemented the Prime Factors Kata on my own .
It took me a while too .
I implemented the Sieve of Eratosthenes to generate prime factors , and only searched for factors up to sqrt ( n ) .
This has been my general approach for this sort of problem since college .
I ended up with 29 lines of code , and I could n't understand how Martin was able to write :
The final algorithm is three lines of code .
Interestingly enough there are 40 lines of test code .
( BTW , I counted 15 total LOC in the program and 43 LOC in the test module , or 3 vs. 12 if you only talk about " real " code , vs. import statements , function definitions , lines with only a closing brace , and so on .
In either way of counting , it 's still less than my 29 lines of code . )
If you listen closely in Martin 's video you 'll see that he considers his three line solution to be " more elegant " than the Sieve solution .
I really did n't understand assertion .
His solution is going to be slow for almost all cases .
I timed Python implementations of our two algorithms for numbers around 200,000 .
His was 150 * slower than my sieve - based solution , and it gets much worse after that .
If you listen even more closely , I think you 'll hear the reason .
He introduced the problem by saying his kid was learning about prime factors at school , and Martin wanted a program which could solve the same sort of problem .
In that case , the prime factors are small .
Few teachers would be so mean as to require their students to find the prime factors of 524,287 by hand .
If the possible input range was only , say 1 to 150 , then I could see how Martin 's code is elegant .
But if the input range is 1 to 2** 32 ( which is more like I expected ) , then it 's clearly not elegant because finding that 2** 31 - 1 is prime will take about 2** 31 modulo tests .
Computers are fast , but that 's excessive .
( BTW , it 's also cute that 2** 31 - 1 is both max signed integer and a Mersenne prime . )
In either case , there should be tests for values which represent a worst - case scenario .
In this case that would be a prime at the high end of the expected range .
His largest test was 9 .
Mine was 2**31-1 .
Fibonacci
There are three problems with the Fibonacci implementations .
One is that the classic recursive solution ( without memoization ) takes exponential time .
I implemented the solution iteratively and compared the results .
Bernhardt 's solution for fib ( 32 ) takes about as long as my iterative soluton for fib( 100000 ) , and after a minute I gave up computing fib ( 40 ) recursively .
Another is that Python 's default stack size is 1000 function calls .
Doing fib( 1500 ) quickly gives a " RuntimeError : maximum recursion depth exceeded " exception .
The last is in Beck 's code .
Assuming the recursive solution could compute it in time , fib ( 48 ) is larger than 2** 32 .
He uses a Java 32 bit integer , so his code would silently overflow .
Discussion
TDD creates unit tests which are used to develop and refactor code .
These tests are only a subset , and not even an essential subset , of the tests needed to check that the code implements the requested feature .
You may think you are finished with the code and you pass all the TDD tests , but you still are n't finished with the development process .
You still have to do other important unit tests .
I 'm certain that Beck and Bernhardt know the limitations of their Fibbonacci implementations .
I 'm really surprised they did n't mention the problems in their solution .
It would have been the perfect place to show that other types of unit tests can't be ignored , and discuss how to fit them into the TDD development process .
I also wish that Martin has been less dismissive of the sieve solution .
It 's obvious that others have mentioned it to him .
He should have responded by pointing out that the solution was overkill for the problem range .
I also wish he had included tests for the high end of that range .
( I have the idea based on other writings that he's not an algorithms person , so he also might not have been aware of the performance problems in his solution . )
Problem : TDD does n't give you confidence that the code works
Many TDD advocates bring up confidence as a reason for doing TDD .
In his book Beck writes :
Psychological - Having a green bar feels completely different from having a red bar .
When the bar is green , you know where you stand .
You can refactor from there with confidence .
and others write similiar things .
If your goal is to be confident in your code , then TDD is a weak method for developing those tests of confidence .
I 've now shown a couple of TDD examples , which were done with TDD principles foremost in mind , but which failed to consider worst - case solutions .
You should not be confident that your code works just because your TDD tests pass .
When I write my code , I 'm not confident that it works .
I 'm not even confident that a refactoring works despite passing all of the unit tests .
I worry about edge cases I did n't think of , I worry about implementation flaws , I worry about worst - case scenarios .
If I write the tests first , I also worry that I 've overfit my code to the tests .
This is a problem that happens in statistical modelling .
Given any set of data points , I can fit them to a model .
The next question is , is the model valid and useful ?
The way to check is to use them to make predictions , and see how well it matches reality .
This in turn means testing the model with data which was n't used to make the model .
I feel the same way about my code .
I start with doubt that my program works , but with confidence that I can develop new tests which should pass if the code is correct .
To reduce doubt , I 'll write new tests and see if they pass or fail .
Passing tests reduces my doubt , failing tests means I need to figure out what happened , and I 'm back to more code development .
TDD by itself cannot give you that confidence because it excludes the idea of adding tests which are expected to pass .
On the other hand , developing unit tests even if just after the code is written ( but long before it 's deployed as is done with test - last ) , guided by knowledge of how the software is implemented and experience in how the code can fail , can give you all the benefits of TDD , plus be able to handle the cases that TDD does n't handle .
TDD is one technique for learning those skills , but it is not an essential technique .
Incorrect claim : TDD leads to 100 % coverage
Beck and others write that TDD naturally leads to nearly 100 % test coverage .
In his book he writes " TDD followed religiously should result in 100 % statement coverage . "
Elsewhere I 've seen people write similar things .
That 's not true .
Yes , under TDD new code should have 100 % statement coverage , but what about refactored code ?
This is especially true if the refactor is more like a rewrite , perhaps to replace an algorithm with a faster version .
If I start with Martin's Prime Factors code and change it to my prime sieve based code , I can think of several ways where part of the refactored code would n't be tested .
You can easily come up with plenty of other refactorings where part of the new code are not tested .
Yes , people will respond that TDD does n't mean you can't stop being smart , and you must remember to include those tests , or even to add those tests while refactoring the new code .
That 's very true .
I only point out that refactoring does n't have the goal of maintaining full statement coverage , and therefore TDD does n't either .
If you feel that code coverage is needed , above and beyond code inspection and manual methods , then there are tools to help automate coverage tests .
The best covered tool I know of is SQLite .
Its " veryquick " tests run about 42 thousand tests to get 97.23 % coverage of about 66,000 SLOC , with additional tests which get 99.50 % statement coverage of the entire code , and 100 % coverage of the core .
This was an intense and dedicated effort which does not and cannot fall out as a simple consequence of TDD .
Complaint : TDD freezes the API too early
This is my personal complaint .
It is not derived from those worked out examples .
My own development style is a mixture of many techniques .
When I 've tried doing TDD I feel like it locks me down too early .
My code in the early stage is very fluid .
I 'm mostly trying to get a feel for what it 's going to look like .
At that stage the code is n't meant to even compile , and the only machine it runs on is the model in my head .
This is especially true for cases where I 'm trying to come up with a good API to implement the new functionality .
My test cases are short programs which would use the API , and I try out different example programs to get a feel for usefulness , ease - of - use , ease - of - implementation and other factors .
If I use TDD here , I do n't know what the API is going to look like , so how do I write the tests ?
I wo n't know what the API is going to look like until I 've had a feel for implementing it but even then the API changes often .
If I have tests for the API and the API changes , then there 's the extra mental barrier of having to change all the tests for the new API .
Especially bad are the cases when I realized that some function is n't needed and should be deleted .
With TDD that would also mean deleting the tests which went along with the function , and it would likely mean I 've already spent time debugging the function , now all thrown away .
I 've seen that in the code katas we do in the GothPy meetings ( the local Gothenburg Python Users Group ) .
Once we have working code with unit tests , I do n't want to remove the function , and I start thinking about ways to adapt it , rather than thinking about ways to simplify the overall code base .
XP allows something this as a spike solution , but says that you should expect to throw the implementation away and start anew .
I do n't .
Once I have a good sketch of how the code is going to be , I often continue by filling in the details .
At this point unit tests starts to be useful , but if I 'm developing an API I 'll write a simple functional test which uses the API , and make it work .
It really might be a command - line program or even a __main__ for the current module .
This helps give me get more concrete solution and once that 's solidified enough code I start developing my automated unit tests .
Since I 'm not using TDD , I used code coverage ( either manually or through coverage tools ) to improve statement coverage , and I use my knowledge of the problem to come up good test cases .
The result seems to be no less effective than TDD , plus as a methodology it includes development tests which TDD does not .
Conclusion
Good testing practices help make good code .
Automated unit tests , written by the developer and run often during the development stage , is a good testing practice .
TDD uses those sorts of tests , but its focus on test - first , with failing test cases that reflect missing code , exclude important tests in the development process .
TDD can easily be modified to handle these other cases , but the result is simply " good unit testing " , without the test - first aspect that makes TDD what it is .
Questions or Comments ?
This is a contentious topic with a long history and plenty said about it .
I think I 've contributed something new to it with my commentaries on what should be exemplar TDD - based solutions .
I hope you found it interesting if not enlightening or useful .
With three nearly complete rewrites , it was by far the hardest essay I 've ever written for my site .
If you have any comments or feedback , please do let me know .
Andrew Dalke is an independent consultant focusing on software development for computational chemistry and biology .
Need contract programming , help , or training ?
Contact me
Channels in
Go are powerful things , but it ’s not always obvious how to get them to accomplish certain tasks .
One of those tasks is one - to - many communication .
Channels work very well if lots of writers are funneling values to a single reader , but it ’s not immediately clear how multiple readers can all wait for values from a single writer .
Here ’s what a Go API for doing this might look like :
type Broadcaster ... func NewBroadcaster ( ) Broadcaster func ( b Broadcaster ) Write ( v interface{} ) func ( b Broadcaster ) Listen ( ) chan interface{}
The broadcast channel is created with NewBroadcaster , and values can be written to it with Write .
To listen on the channel , we call Listen , which gives us a new channel from which we can receive the values written .
The solution that immediately comes to mind ( which I ’ve used in the past ) is to have an intermediate process that keeps a registry of all the reading processes .
Each call to Listen adds a new channel to the registry , and the central process ’s main loop might look something like this :
for { select { case v := <- inc : for _ , c := range ( listeners ) { c <- v } case c := <- registryc : listeners.push(c ) ; } }
This is the conventional way of doing things .
It ’s also probably the most sensible method .
The process writing values will block until all the readers have read the previous value .
An alternative might be to maintain an output buffer for each reader , which could either grow as necessary , or we could discard values when the buffer has filled up .
But this post is n’t about the sensible way of doing things .
This post is about an implementation where the writer never blocks ; a slow reader with a fast writer can fill all of memory if it goes on for long enough .
And it ’s not particularly efficient .
But I do n’t care much , because I think this is cool .
And I might find a genuine use for it some day .
Here ’s the heart of it :
type broadcast struct { c chan broadcast ; v interface{} ; }
This is what I call a “ linked channel ” ( analagously to a linked list ) .
But even more than a linked list , it ’s an Ouroboros data structure .
That is , an instance of the structure can be sent down the channel that is inside itself .
Or the other way around .
If I have a value of type chan broadcast around , then I can read a broadcast value b from it , giving me the arbitrary value b .v , and another value of the original type , b .c , allowing me to repeat the process .
The other part of the puzzle comes from the way that a buffered channel can used as a one - use one - to - many broadcast object .
If I ’ve got a buffered channel of some type T :
var c = make ( chan T , 1 )
then any process reading from it will block until a value is written .
When we want to broadcast a value , we simply write it to the channel .
This value will only go to a single reader , however we observe the convention that if you read a value from the channel , you always put it back immediately .
func wait ( c chan T ) T { v := <- c c <- v ; return v ; }
Putting the two pieces together , we can see that if the channel inside the broadcast struct is buffered in the above way , then we can get an endless stream of one - use one - to - many broadcast channels , each with an associated value .
Here ’s the code :
package broadcast type broadcast struct { c chan broadcast ; v interface{} ; } type Broadcaster struct { // private fields : Listenc chan chan ( chan broadcast ) ; Sendc chan <- interface{} ; } type Receiver struct { // private fields : C chan broadcast ; } // create a new broadcaster object .
func NewBroadcaster ( )
Broadcaster { listenc := make ( chan ( chan ( chan broadcast ) ) ) ; sendc := make ( chan interface{} ) ; go func ( ) { currc := make ( chan broadcast , 1 ) ; for { select { case v := <- sendc : if v == nil { currc <- broadcast{} ; return ; } c := make ( chan broadcast , 1 ) ; b := broadcast{c : c , v : v} ; currc <- b ; currc = c ; case r := <- listenc : r <- currc } } }( ) ; return Broadcaster {
Listenc : listenc , Sendc : sendc , } ; } // start listening to the broadcasts .
func ( b Broadcaster ) Listen ( )
Receiver { c := make ( chan chan broadcast , 0 ) ; b. Listenc <- c ; return Receiver {<- c} ; } // broadcast a value to all listeners .
func ( b Broadcaster ) Write ( v interface{} ) { b. Sendc <- v } // read a value that has been broadcast , // waiting until one is available if necessary .
func ( r * Receiver ) Read ( ) interface{} { b := <- r.C ; v := b.v ; r.C <- b ; r.C = b.c ; return v ; }
This implementastion has the nice property that there ’s no longer any need for a central registry of listeners .
A Receiver value encapsulates a place in the stream of values and can be copied at will – each copy will receive an identical copy of the stream .
There ’s no need for an Unregister function either .
Of course , if the readers do n’t keep up with the writers , memory can be used indefinitely , but … is n’t this quite neat ?
Here ’s some example code using it :
package main import ( " fmt " ; " broadcast " ; " time " ; ) var b = broadcast .
NewBroadcaster ( ) ; func listen ( r broadcast .
Receiver ) { for v := r. Read ( ) ; v != nil ; v = r. Read ( ) { go listen ( r ) ; fmt. Println( v ) ; } } func main ( ) { r := b. Listen ( ) ; go listen ( r ) ; for i := 0 ; i < 10 ; i++ { b. Write( i ) ; } b. Write ( nil ) ; time .
Sleep ( 3 * 1e9 ) ; }
Exercise for the reader : without running the code , how many lines will this code print ?
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Israel has delivered a report to the UN defending its actions in last year 's Gaza war and insisting its troops did not violate international law , but has not agreed to hold an independent investigation as demanded .
In the 46 - page report , submitted on Friday and released late that night , Israeli authorities admitted some " operational lapses and errors in the exercise of discretion " .
But they strongly denied allegations of war crimes raised by international human rights groups and by two separate UN investigations .
The report reveals there has so far been only one criminal conviction in relation to the war – one soldier was jailed for seven and a half months for stealing a credit card from a Palestinian home and using it to withdraw £ 250 in cash .
Last September , the South African judge Richard Goldstone published a highly critical 575 - page report commissioned by the UN Human Rights Council which accused both Israel and the Palestinian Islamist group Hamas of " grave breaches " of the fourth Geneva convention , war crimes and possible crimes against humanity .
It called on both sides to start their own credible , independent investigations or risk international prosecutions .
Neither Israel nor Hamas has done so and the UN secretary general , Ban Ki-moon , will report on this to the UN general assembly in the coming days .
The three - week war left nearly 1,400 Palestinians and 13 Israelis dead .
Last week Hamas officials in Gaza claimed their forces had not committed war crimes because their rockets only hit civilians by mistake because they were crudely built and unguided .
Human Rights
Watch dismissed that as a " whitewash " and said it was " factually and legally wrong " .
But it was Israel that received much sterner criticism in the Goldstone report .
Two weeks ago the Israeli prime minister , Binyamin Netanyahu , listed the " Goldstone effect " as one of the top three security challenges facing Israel .
The Israeli report seeks to make the case that Israel 's investigative system is rigorous and up to international standards .
It blames Hamas for a " deliberate strategy … to blend in with the civilian population " and says the Israeli military made " strenuous efforts " to minimise harm to civilians .
It said 150 incidents have been or are being investigated , of which 36 have been referred for criminal investigation .
But , apart from the soldier jailed for " looting " , there have been no criminal charges .
Some incidents were detailed .
Israel defended its attack on the al - Badr flour mill , in northern Gaza , which was severely damaged during the war .
The Goldstone report concluded this was a " grave breach " of the fourth Geneva convention and a possible war crime .
However , the Israeli report admits the building was hit by tank shells but specifically denies it was hit by an air strike , even though Goldstone found that it was .
The Israeli report found no need for a criminal investigation into the military 's actions at the mill , but admitted it " could not conclusively determine " whether the building was ever used by Hamas fighters and only claimed " some evidence " of such use .
Israel defended its use of white phosphorus and also found " no basis " to launch criminal investigations over the shelling of UN buildings and staff , even though UN schools were hit during the war , as was the main UN warehouse which was burned to the ground by Israeli white phosphorus shells .
Israel has paid more than $ 10 m ( £ 6.25 m ) to the UN in compensation for the damage .
Government officials have labelled environmental campaigners extremists and listed them alongside dissident Irish republican groups and terrorists inspired by al - Qaida in internal documents seen by the Guardian .
The guidance on extremism , produced by the Ministry of Justice , says : " The United Kingdom like many other countries faces a continuing threat from extremists who believe they can advance their aims by committing acts of terrorism . "
It was sent to probation staff who were writing court reports or supervising a range of activists , including environmental protesters .
The advice lists " environmental extremists " alongside far - right activists , dissident Irish republicans , loyalist paramilitaries and al - Qaida - inspired extremists as among groups " currently categorised as extremist [ that ] may include those who have committed serious crime in pursuit of an ideology or cause " .
David Howarth , the Liberal Democrats ' justice spokesman , said tonight that the documents revealed " a quite astonishing conflation of legitimate protest with terrorism " .
The government has been criticised for tarring environmental protesters as " domestic extremists " , a term invented by the police , who say it can cover activists suspected of minor public order offences such as peaceful direct action and civil disobedience .
The internal guidance from the Ministry of Justice 's National Offender Management Service defines domestic extremism as any " unlawful action that is part of a protest or campaign " .
" It is often associated with a ' single issue ' protest such as animal rights , far - right and far - left political extremism , anti- war and environmentalist extremism .
The activity of Domestic Extremist Offenders is more criminal in its nature than that of an activist – but falls short of terrorism . "
" Environmental extremists " are described as committing " criminal activity motivated by the broad philosophy and social movement centred on a concern for conservation and improvement of the natural environment " .
Environmentalists reject the extremist label , saying that their protests are peaceful and non-violent .
Harry Fletcher , assistant general secretary of the probation service union , Napo , said its members were unhappy with government attempts to lump environmental campaigners with terrorist suspects .
He said the guidance appeared to be part of a wider attempt by some government officials to interfere for political reasons in the work of criminal justice staff .
Ben Stewart , of Greenpeace , said : " The climate movement has never once sought to further its political aims by using violence , which is something that Jack Straw , foreign secretary during the invasion of Iraq , can most certainly not claim .
" His Ministry of Justice would be better occupied reminding itself that peaceful direct action has a long and noble history in this country . "
A ministry spokesman said : " It is not true to say that offenders who have committed criminal offences in connection with an extremist cause are ' all treated the same ' .
The National Offender Management Service has a programme of work that covers all forms of extremism . "
As you consider what to do at the polls in November 2010 , and even the primaries that precede that , consider the words of one American who was responsible for the United States of America even coming into being as a free nation .
This is a citation from a George Washington letter : " The Power under the Constitution will always be in the People .
It is entrusted for certain defined purposes , and for a certain limited period , to representatives of their own choosing ; and whenever it is executed contrary to their Interest , or not agreeable to their wishes , their Servants can , and undoubtedly will be recalled . "
( To Bushrod Washington , November 10 , 1787 ) The Revolutionary War was fought and won over less offenses , less tyranny , less taxation , less abuse of the public trust , less abuse of the personal freedom and liberties of every man , woman and child , than Washington DC has become .
Washington DC has become the worst enemy of everything that was good about America .
Americans have erroneously sat on their butts and entrusted the White House and Congress to properly lead this nation and all of us .
They lied , that is just grounds for termination of employment .
They are the terrorists to bully the citizens of the US into not addressing their grievances and changing the status quo .
Think on that and clearly understand that un-redressed grievances that started the Revolutionary War pale in comparison to the tyrannical beast that Washington DC is now .
You have a great chance to flush the toilet and get rid of the riff raff morons in Congress and many in the Senate .
Do n't miss the opportunity , unless you do not give a damn about your freedom , your liberties or your future .
The time is now to put an end to the insanity , the corruption , the lies , and malfeasance of office and duties .
Real change will happen when you change , get off the butt , and do something about it .
There is a reawakening trying to mobilize in America .
Join it .
Toyota Motor Corp .'s decision to blame its widening sudden - acceleration problem on a gas pedal defect came under attack Friday , with the pedal manufacturer flatly denying that its products were at fault .
Federal vehicle safety records reviewed by The Times also cast doubt on Toyota ’s claims that sticky gas pedals were a significant factor in the growing reports of runaway vehicles .
Of more than 2,000 motorist complaints of sudden acceleration in Toyota and Lexus vehicles over the last decade , just 5 % blamed a sticking gas pedal , the analysis found .
What ’s more , the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration has conducted eight investigations into sudden - acceleration problems in Toyota vehicles over the last seven years , none of which identified a sticking pedal as a potential cause .
“ The way the sudden - acceleration problems are occurring in reported incidents does n’t comport with how this sticky pedal is described , ” said Sean Kane , president of Safety Research & Strategies , a Rehoboth , Mass . , auto safety consulting firm .
“ We know this recall is a red herring . ”
Sudden - acceleration events in Toyota and Lexus vehicles have been blamed for at least 19 fatalities and 815 vehicle crashes since 1999 .
Toyota last fall blamed the episodes on floor mats that entrapped the gas pedals , leading to a massive recall .
Then last week Toyota said sticking gas pedals were also causing sudden acceleration by not springing back into idle position , triggering another recall .
On Tuesday , the automaker stopped sales and production of eight models until it could remedy the problem .
Independent auto safety experts have been skeptical of Toyota ’s explanations , saying floor mats and sticky gas pedals can’t fully explain the large number of complaints that have been mounting for the last decade , covering some of the most popular models in the company ’s lineup , including the Camry .
That argument was given more weight Friday when the manufacturer of the suspect pedals insisted its products had been unfairly blamed .
CTS Corp. of Elkhart , Ind. , said in a statement that it had “ deep concern that there is widespread confusion and incorrect information ” about its products linked to the sudden - acceleration issue .
“ The problem of sudden unintended acceleration has been reported to have existed in some Lexus vehicles and Toyota vehicles going back to 1999 , when CTS did not even make this product for any customer , ” the company said .
Toyota began using CTS - made pedals in the 2005 model year .
On Jan. 21 , Toyota told federal regulators that CTS pedals were susceptible to moisture and could stick , forcing the recall of 2.3 million cars and trucks .
CTS acknowledged that a tiny number of pedals had a rare condition that could cause a slow return to idle position , but it denied that this condition could cause unintended acceleration and said that it knew of no accidents or injuries caused by the issue .
Toyota spokesman Brian Lyons said the company had no comment on CTS ’ statement .
Another Toyota spokesman , Mike Michels , said in an e-mail that the company had identified the pedal problem as “ abnormal friction in the pedal pivot mechanism ” and that the automaker hoped to announce a remedy soon .
Toyota has honored CTS three times since 2005 for the quality and efficiency of its work , citing the fact that the supplier “ exceeded quality expectations ” and achieved “ 100 percent on - time delivery and for shipping accelerator pedal modules with zero defects . ”
The automaker also uses pedals supplied by Denso Corp. , a Japanese company with North American headquarters in suburban Detroit , but has said those do not appear to be defective .
However , the Times review of federal safety records shows several instances of complaints of stuck pedals on vehicles built in Japan , which Toyota has said are not subject to the recall .
For example , one complaint , filed two years ago , told of a 2007 Japanese - built Camry in Maryland with a pedal that “ stuck to the floor . ”
A wide group of national automotive experts say there is strong evidence that a hidden electronic problem must account for at least some , if not most , of the Toyota sudden - acceleration events .
The 19 sudden - acceleration deaths involving Toyota vehicles are more than those that have occurred in vehicles from all other automakers combined , according to figures provided to The Times by NHTSA .
The Times has previously reported that consumer complaints of unintended acceleration surged in the years after the automaker introduced electronic throttles , by fivefold in some cases .
The electronic throttle system uses sensors , microprocessors and electric motors , rather than a traditional link such as a steel cable , to connect the driver ’s foot to the engine .
In recent interviews , two former NHTSA administrators , Ricardo Martinez and Joan Claybrook , have said they believe that some kind of electronic glitch may be causing the Toyota problems .
Similar conclusions are being drawn by independent automotive safety experts , forensic mechanics and automotive electronics researchers , as well as many consumers .
In its review , The Times examined NHTSA data for all reports from Toyota drivers of gas pedals sticking since 1999 , excluding those reports that blamed floor mats for trapping the pedal .
That yielded 116 complaints about the gas pedals .
Overall , there were 2,152 complaints categorized as vehicle speed control , which includes sudden acceleration .
Of the complaints about sticking pedals identified by The Times , only one resulted in a fatality .
But that vehicle , a 2003 Camry , contained a pedal assembly that was not manufactured by CTS .
In fact , of 11 injuries reported to NHTSA in complaints that alleged stuck pedals , only one -- a 2008 Camry Hybrid that ran into a tree in Minnesota last October -- was in a vehicle included in the current recall , The Times found .
NHTSA officials , as well as officials at the U.S. Department of Transportation , have said they have exhaustively investigated Toyota ’s problems and found no evidence that any electronic defect exists in the company ’s electronic throttle system .
“ The agency looks into all possible defects with these vehicles , ” a NHTSA public affairs representative said Friday .
But some motorists do n’t believe NHTSA ’s and Toyota ’s explanations .
Jeffrey Pepski , a financial consultant in suburban Minneapolis , said his Lexus ES350 accelerated to 80 miles per hour on a freeway in the Twin Cities last year .
At one point , Pepski said , he hooked his toe under the pedal to pull it up .
It was not stuck and the floor mat was not interfering with the pedal , he said .
That did not solve the problem , he said .
Pepski said he described his actions to NHTSA investigators and a Toyota expert , and they did n’t believe him .
In October , NHTSA closed an investigation prompted by a defect petition filed by Pepski without taking action .
Pepski traded in the vehicle to a Toyota dealer .
Kevin Haggerty , a New Jersey volunteer firefighter , said his 2007 Avalon accelerated out of control last month , the second time it had happened .
By shifting back and forth into neutral , he was able to drive the car to a Toyota dealer , who he said was unable to pinpoint a problem .
Haggerty said dealership technicians could not find anything obstructing the pedal , but they replaced the pedal , electronic components and the engine throttle system .
He said they could not explain what specifically had caused the engine to accelerate on its own .
But last week a Toyota spokesman told The Times that Haggerty ’s problem did in fact stem from the pedal .
“ I do n’t feel safe in the car , ” Haggerty said .
“ I never felt comfortable that they knew what the problem was . ”
Haggerty still has the vehicle .
ralph.vartabedian@
latimes.com
ken.bensinger@latimes.com
PARIS -- Toni Musulin , the French armored - car driver who vanished with more than € 11 million ( $ 16 million ) , gave himself up to Monaco police on Monday , ending an 11 - day manhunt and disappointing thousands of Internet followers riveted by the heist .
Around midday , Mr. Musulin parked a motorcycle in front of Monaco police headquarters , walked into the building and said : " I am wanted by French police ; I want to give myself up , " police director André Mulhberger said in a telephone interview .
Mr. Musulin , 39 years old , sported a two - week - old beard but looked in good shape and " not like a tramp , " Mr. Mulhberger said .
The Monaco police director said he had no legal means to arrest Mr. Musulin because , after the Nov. 5 heist in the central city of Lyon , France issued an international request for information but not an international arrest warrant .
France could have issued a last - minute arrest warrant for Mr. Musulin , but would then have had to complete extradition procedures .
Mr. Musulin made paperwork irrelevant by offering himself up to French police , Mr. Mulhberger said .
On Wednesday , US Energy Secretary Steven Chu announced that $ 80 million of stimulus money will be invested in advanced biofuels and fueling infrastructure .
The funds will be divided between a few different projects and consortia with the intent of developing a more sustainable transportation system .
Of the $ 80 million , $ 44 million will go to the National Alliance for Advanced Biofuels and Bioproducts .
The group is looking to develop and commercialize the process of making algae - based biofuels , from harvesting and extraction to production of renewable gasoline , diesel , and jet fuel .
They will integrate resources from companies , national labs , and universities to keep the R&D costs low .
The National Advanced Biofuels Consortium will receive $ 33.8 million to fund its research of biomass - based hydrocarbon fuels .
The main goal of the project is to make the biofuel production process as compatible as possible with existing refining and production equipment .
The NABC hopes to develop a pilot - ready demonstration that accounts for the whole life cycle of the fuels .
Of the couple of million dollars remaining , $ 1.6 million will go towards expanding the availability of ethanol blends to existing fuel retailers .
The money distributed to the NAABB and NABC is being matched by $ 19 million of various private and non-federal funds , and the ethanol blend funds are receiving match funds of $ 3.9 million .
Tomorrow is New Year 's
Eve so it 's going to be FUN .
Because this is when you 're not only allowed but encouraged to get drunk .
Newspapers provide tips on coping with hangovers , radio presenters scream " It 's going to be CRAZY in Brighton tonight , where the dolphinarium has been FILLED with tequila . "
The Archbishop of Canterbury will probably make a statement that " As we know , it 's customary good practice to get utterly bladdered on New Year 's Eve.
Many 's the New Year 's morn I 've spent washing sick off my cassock , and apologising to the General Synod for assorted acts of naked blasphemy , but it 's all been jolly decent FUN . "
Maybe this year local councils will provide fun officers , who have the authority to enter any premises where they suspect there 's not enough fun and order everyone to wave their arms and take photos of each other 's arses .
Everywhere has to charge an entrance fee .
Cafés announce " Open for New Year 's Eve breakfast – bacon , egg , fried slice and glass of sherry for £ 285.00 . "
Hardware stores hand out flyers saying " Celebrate Hogmanay amongst our wide range of saws and spirit levels , £ 300 including rawlplug of Bells whisky and two feet of copper wire . "
It must be confusing for tramps , as they 'll turn up at their usual bench and discover there 's a £ 20 entrance fee .
It all means there 's less chance of real fun than on a normal day , as it's all organised and official .
The joy of most great drinking sessions is the mischief and spontaneity , when you unexpectedly spend seven hours in an illegal rum festival while you should be at work or supervising a heart transplant or calling people to prayers at the mosque .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
So New Year 's
Eve is like those boards that local authorities put up for kids to graffiti on , or the chants that baseball fans are directed to sing by stadium announcers .
By making these acts official the fun is ruined .
And this annual weirdness is supplemented in England by the fact that it comes so soon after the ritual of our strange Christmas .
In every other culture from the Iron Age onwards , festivals involved the community going outwards and celebrating communally ; but we do the opposite and turn everything towards isolation .
What might Brazilians think when we explain our annual festival ?
They must ask where the carnival starts , and we say " We do better than Mardi Gras , we shut absolutely everything and sit indoors eating shortbread . "
And we create an expectation of perfect dinners and presents , that makes people feel a Christmas Ofsted inspector will be round in the afternoon , to sit in the corner with a clipboard making notes about unsatisfactory napkins .
So for people who play Christmas by the rules it becomes a festival of stress .
One scientific way of measuring this stress is through the RSOW index .
This can be calculated by anyone who cycles regularly round London , by counting , in an average hour of cycling , how often you receive a Random Shout Of " Wanker " from angry pent - up motorists .
Usually it comes in at around one a day , but in the week before Christmas it 's every 10 minutes , when these people must be so stressed they 're snarling " All day I 've been trying to find that poxy Xbox game and stuck in traffic and now this bastard has the audacity to be on a pushbike – right , here we go – WANKER ! "
It must be for similar reasons that Christmas is the most popular time for suicides .
There must be a line of thought that goes " It will all be over by January 4th , so only 11 more days .
Sod it , that 's too long , I 'll fetch the rope . "
Nevertheless , on Christmas Day , for a strange set of reasons , I found myself in Southall , the Indian area in west London , where the streets were packed as on a normal market day with no hint of Christmas .
The Indian music that pumped out of the record shops was glorious , in that none of it had a chorus where jolly was rhymed with holly , or if it did at least it was in a language I can't understand .
Friends called across the street at each other , shopkeepers offered a relaxed and helpful demeanour that 's only possible if you have n't been ordered to wear fun reindeer antlers , and everyone seemed full of good tidings and joy .
Anyone arriving from another world would have assumed they 'd landed in a festival , unlike the poor sods in the rest of the country undergoing some enforced annual sacrifice .
The answer must be that you 've a better chance of having a brilliant time at Christmas and New Year if you ignore the fact it 's Christmas and New Year .
Or join a religion that insists the Christians are three days out , then get absolutely smashed on January 4th .
Take the slime road ( Image : University of the West of England )
A SLIMY road planner has rearranged the UK ’s motorway network – and all in exchange for a hearty meal .
A corrupt politician at work ?
No , it ’s Physarum polycephalum , a yellow slime mould normally found growing in piles of rotten leaves and logs .
Jeff Jones and Andrew Adamatzky , specialists in unconventional computing at the University of the West of England in Bristol , wondered if biology could provide an alternative to conventional road planning methods .
To find out , they created templates of the UK using a sheet of agar on which they …
Los Angeles , California ( CNN ) -- Director Roman Polanski must return to the United States before the court will decide if he must go to prison for a 1977 sex conviction , a Los Angeles judge ruled Friday .
Polanski's lawyer argued that evidence of misconduct by the judge and prosecutor in the case 32 years ago should be considered now , without requiring Polanski to be present .
The famed director of " Rosemary 's Baby " and " The Pianist " pleaded guilty to having unlawful sex with a 13 - year - old girl in 1977 but fled to Europe before he was sentenced .
He has been the subject of an international extradition battle since he was arrested in Switzerland in September on a U.S. fugitive warrant .
At a hearing Friday afternoon , Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Peter Espinoza also rejected a request from Polanski's victim -- Samantha Geimer , now in her 40s and a married mother of three -- to have the case dismissed .
Geimer came forward long ago , saying she was disturbed by how the criminal case has been handled .
" There is no requirement that my client surrender , " Larry Silver , Geimer 's lawyer , said .
" Her suffering must come to an end . "
Silver argued that " Marsey 's law , " an initiative passed by California voters in 2008 giving crime victims certain rights , had been violated by the prosecution .
Silver said Geimer was not consulted about the decision to extradite Polanski .
Espinoza said the law was " never intended in this fashion . "
Polanski was 43 at the time of the conviction .
Prosecutors dropped rape and other charges in exchange for the guilty plea .
Polanski's attorney Chad Hummel argued that his client had already been sentenced in 1977 when the judge sent him to California 's Chino prison for 45 days to be evaluated by psychologists .
But Polanski fled the country before sentencing after learning the judge might not go along with the short jail term Polanski expected to get in exchange for his plea .
He has been a fugitive since 1978 and lived in France before his arrest .
" Mr. Polanski did not flee from justice , " Hummel said .
" He left because a corrupt judge was going to sentence him a second time . "
In the past , Espinoza acknowledged problems with the way Polanski's case was handled , mentioning a documentary film that portrays backroom deals between prosecutors and a media - obsessed judge who was worried his public image would suffer if he did n't send Polanski to prison .
" It 's hard to contest some of the behavior in the documentary was misconduct , " Espinoza said at an earlier hearing .
On Friday , Espinoza said " nothing in the order precludes the possibility that the judge 's promise will not some day be enforced . "
Deputy District Attorney David Walgren argued the only just solution would be for Polanski to waive extradition and return to the United States .
" It 's Mr. Polanski 's decision that has delayed the proceedings of this court , " Walgren said .
" Why will he not simply surrender to this court 's jurisdiction ? "
David Wells , a retired Los Angeles prosecutor , was featured in the documentary , " Roman Polanski : Wanted and Desired . "
Although he had never been assigned to handle the Polanski case , Wells said he goaded the judge .
He later recanted during an interview with CNN , saying he had inflated his importance in the celebrity case because he did n't think the documentary would be shown in the United States .
It was broadcast in 2008 on HBO , which , like CNN , is part of Time Warner .
For years , Polanski , 76 , and various lawyers have made quiet overtures to resolve the case , but negotiations have always gotten bogged down over prosecutors ' insistence that he return to the United States and appear in a Los Angeles courtroom .
Swiss authorities released the director from jail on $ 4.5 million bail in early December " pending extradition " to the United States .
I ’ve come across a number of programs in the past and thought to myself ,
“ Why did n’t they script this , it would be so much easier . ”
After thinking about it for a while it all makes sense now .
It seems that I had the shell script bug , everything must be done in the shell !
In reality while the shell is great and all , it is not without its flaws .
There are somethings the shell is great at and should be used for , then there others it should n’t .
Do n’t get me wrong , I like to script as much as the next guy , but sometimes I think people get lost in its simplicity .
Some people use it for everything without fail .
Perhaps this is because they do n’t know otherwise , or maybe because they too have the shell script bug .
There are many reasons to use the shell and I ’m not against using it by any means .
This is simply a list of when it may not be suitable to whip out the shell and start scripting .
If there is any I missed , please add them in the comments and they may eventually make it into a revised post .
I ’ll do the same if I come up with any more .
Onto the list !
Distribution / Portability – Ever try to distribute a script ?
Well , most of the time its not a problem , but sometimes you ’ll get bit in the ass .
Not all systems are created equal .
Some have missing packages , or something does n’t work the EXACT same way .
Simplicity – Sometimes bash is elegant .
Well , it depends on your definition I guess .
Some argue that scripting is simple , where as others that have to support or maintain it will be ready to cut you .
I know I ’m sharpening my shanks right now for some revenge .
Seriously though , choose a language that makes it easy to K.I.S.S ( keep it simple , stupid . )
Performance – Lets kick in the after burners .
This is one I do n’t have much experience in although I should probably look into it .
The shell is sort of like a glider , it gets the jobs done , but I would n’t want to race it against a jet or anything .
If you ’re considering scripting , just time the process to make sure it meets your performance needs .
Most of the time , if it is for you , you ’ll be fine right ?
I mean you ’ve got all of the time in the world and can wait overnight if you have to .
I ’d rather not , but have been known to wait on a slow script out of laziness .
Maintenance – Nightmare code .
Dependency Hell .
Some may have seen the t- shirt or heard the phrase ,
“ Programming is like sex ; one mistake , and you ’ll support it forever ”
Yea scripting this is sort of like that , except you can always abandon and upgrade your scripts :)
Security – Keep it secure , there are many issues with security in shell scripts .
We wont get into them now but if you wear a tinfoil hat when using a computer , you may not want to rely on shell scripts to do your top secret stuff .
Police in Romania this week swooped in on 19 members of an alleged international ring of bank - card skimmers that 's been active in Switzerland , Italy , France and the United States , according to local reports .
Romania 's national Directorate for Countering Organized Crime staged 23 coordinated raids Tuesday , most of them in the city of Craiova , reports the Gazeta de Sud .
The police found fake ATM components , card readers , five luxury cars , lots of cash , 100 cloned cards , documents showing wire transfers , and at least one handgun .
The police had been secretly watching the gang for 9 months , and moved in after intercepting a package Tuesday containing 31 tiny circuit boards designed to surreptitiously intercept and store data from magstripe swipes .
Here 's the police video from one of Tuesday 's raids .
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hl3LHWzHcbo
Romanian nationals have been sporadically popping up in ATM skimming busts around the world .
In September , police in Manhattan Beach in Los Angeles County arrested 26 - year - old George Puflene in the act of attaching a skimmer and PIN pad plate to a Citibank cash machine , where it would have recorded the magstripe data and secret codes of every customer using the ATM .
Puflene and his crew had reportedly already plundered $ 70,000 from at least 50 consumer accounts , using the same setup at a different ATM at the same branch .
It was Puflene 's second bust for skimming .
He was arrested In Boynton Beach , Florida , for the same caper a year ago , along with then 30 - year - old Mihai Arnauta , also from Romania .
The pair had a GPS navigator in their van marking the locations of 25 southern Florida banks .
Thai police arrested two Romanian tourists on Thursday for alleged skimming in the city of Pattaya , and they suspect more are behind an ATM - skimming operation detected in Nashville late last month .
See Also :
Watch " Amanpour " for more about why Abdullah dropped out of the Afghan presidential race on CNN at 2 p.m. ET Sunday and on CNN International at 3 p.m. ET .
Kabul , Afghanistan ( CNN ) -- Afghan politician Abdullah Abdullah withdrew Sunday from the upcoming runoff election , saying he believes that the second round would be as fraudulent as the first .
" I want this to be an example for the future so that no one again tries to use fraud to abuse the rights of the Afghan people , " Abdullah said .
Abdullah 's withdrawal was not expected to change plans for the November 7 runoff election and ensures the re-election of President Hamid Karzai if the voting proceeds as scheduled .
Azizullah Lodin , the president of Afghanistan 's Independent Election Commission , said Sunday that an announcement on holding the runoff would be made Monday .
In a statement , Karzai 's campaign spokesman said the president would respect whatever decision the commission 's makes about whether to hold the election .
Karzai initially had claimed victory after the first ballot in August , but a U.N. - backed panel of election monitors threw out nearly a third of his votes , citing fraud .
When that left Karzai short of a majority , he agreed to the runoff , set for Saturday .
Abdullah had called for the resignations of top election officials and politicians to avert electoral fraud in the runoff .
He argued that the commissioners , who are hired by Karzai , can not be impartial .
But that request was not met , he said Sunday , and he did not believe that a transparent election was possible .
" I spoke to Karzai about the Independent Election Commission abusing its powers , but he denied it and refused to dismiss them , " he said .
The election commission , which denied any wrongdoing , slammed the candidate 's accusations .
Unless Abdullah has proof of such bias , he is in no position to ask any Afghan official to step down , Lodin said .
In a statement Sunday , the U.S. Embassy said " the United States remains committed to supporting the Afghan people in carrying out a constitutional electoral process . "
" The United States looks forward to working with the next Afghan administration and with the Afghan people and our partners in the international community to support Afghanistan 's progress towards peace and stability , " the embassy statement said .
Also Sunday , the U.N. Assistance Mission in Afghanistan said " the next step must be to bring this electoral process to a conclusion in a legal and timely manner . "
In a statement , a representative for the U.N. group credited Abdullah with having " acted in a statesmanlike and dignified way and put forward a number of constructive proposals for reform which I hope will be part of the political agenda for Afghanistan 's future . "
British Prime Minister Gordon Brown said in a statement that he was " confident that Afghanistan 's leaders will support the remaining steps of the democratic process . "
" We hope to see an Afghan government emerge that responds to the will of the people , that reaches out to all parts of Afghan society and that is ready to take strong action to meet the challenges that Afghanistan faces , " Brown 's statement said .
" We are ready to work in close partnership with such a government . "
Abdullah did not address any plans to be part of a possible coalition government , but he did not rule it out either .
" I will not focus on that , " he told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour on Sunday , adding that his goal was to contribute to a better Afghanistan in whatever capacity he found himself .
He urged his supporters to remain calm and not take to the streets in protest .
" I will be available to serve this country , " he said .
" I am in consultations with my followers .
...
A movement for change will be there , and I will lead that movement . "
A spokesman for Karzai said it was " very unfortunate " that Abdullah had decided to boycott the runoff .
However , the vote should be held anyway , for the sake of Afghans , Waheed Omar said .
" The process has to continue .
...
The people of Afghanistan have to be given the right to vote , " Omar said .
Abdullah rejected any assertion that his withdrawal meant people should boycott the vote .
" Absolutely not , " he said .
" I will not infringe into the rights of our citizens .
This is my decision , and the people of Afghanistan will judge it for themselves and make decisions for themselves . "
He also said he opposed any violence from his supporters , adding that he " called upon them to stay calm , patient . "
Asked about how Karzai can plan to go ahead with a one - person runoff , Abdullah responded , " You can ask him . "
" But I 'm not getting into the legal implications and constitutional implications of my decision , " Abdullah said .
Zalmay Khalilzad , a former U.S. ambassador to Afghanistan , predicted last week in an interview to air at 2 p.m. ET Sunday on CNN's " Amanpour " that Abdullah would quit the race .
" First , he does n't have much money left , " he said .
" Second , I think that he thinks that given the situation , he 's likely to lose , and maybe he 'll get less votes than he did in the first round , so that would be embarrassing . "
At a news conference in Jerusalem on Saturday , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said the legitimacy of the race would not be affected in the event of Abdullah 's withdrawal .
On Sunday , Clinton said in a statement , " We hope that [ Abdullah ] will continue to stay engaged in the national dialogue and work on behalf of the security and prosperity of the people of Afghanistan . "
" It is now a matter for the Afghan authorities to decide on a way ahead that brings this electoral process to a conclusion in line with the Afghan constitution , " Clinton 's statement added .
" We will support the next president and the people of Afghanistan , who seek and deserve a better future . "
Abdullah 's announcement comes after Gen. Stanley McChrystal , commander of forces in Afghanistan , has asked for additional troops to fight the Taliban insurgency , which has escalated its violence recently .
The militants have vowed to disrupt the election and claimed responsibility for a Wednesday attack that killed five United Nations workers , two of whom were helping with the vote .
Nine others were wounded after attackers stormed a guest house in Kabul .
In response , the United Nations ordered nonessential personnel out of the country .
A record number of U.S. troops were killed in Afghanistan in October : at least 58 .
Abdullah said issues such as security and the possibility of more attacks were factors in his decision .
" This is not in exchange for anything from anybody , " he said .
" My decision was purely to give the people of Afghanistan a chance to move on . "
CNN 's Thomas Evans contributed to this report .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Efforts in the U.S. Senate to move away from a government - run insurance option may help win over critical votes but failed to bring around one major bloc -- big business .
Business groups such as the U.S. Chamber of Commerce have long opposed Democratic efforts to expand access to health insurance , including a government alternative to private coverage that they say would undermine the ability of employers to offer health benefits to their workers .
There are enough other weak spots in the bill that employers still cannot back the measure , they said .
“ The bill ... is full of costly new mandates on business that will only lead businesses to lower wages on employees , lower working hours on many other employees , reduce hiring and lose jobs , ” the chamber ’s executive vice president Bruce Josten told reporters on Wednesday .
Senators embraced a plan late on Tuesday in which private insurers could offer nationwide insurance coverage overseen by the federal government .
The compromise would also allow people as young as age 55 to buy into the Medicare insurance program for the elderly and tighten rules for private insurers .
Employers , which provide the bulk of health insurance to working - age Americans , argue any large government insurance role could drive workers out of the employer - based insurance system and make it harder to recruit and keep good workers .
“ We oppose a government - run public plan in all of its forms , no matter how it is tweaked , no matter how it is contorted , ” Josten said .
Other parts of the deal are also troubling , said National Retail Federation lobbyist Neil Trautwein .
Allowing younger workers into the Medicare program could shrink the nation ’s workforce by enticing workers into earlier retirement , he said , but also could raise payroll taxes on employers and employees to help fund expansion .
“ If you ’re worried about an expanded federal role in healthcare , the public insurance option ... was one concern , ” Trautwein told Reuters .
“ This proposal , we think , is more of a full - scale expansion of the federal role in healthcare and really threatens the already shaky finances of the Medicare program . ”
The Medicare program already spends nearly half a trillion dollars per year covering 45 million Americans who are age 65 and older or disabled .
It is expected to run out of funds by 2017 unless action is taken .
‘ FIGHTING THIS BILL TO KILL IT ’
A number of other provisions in both the Senate ’s proposal and the one passed last month by the House of Representatives would make a bigger dent on employers .
Both bills would require employers to offer coverage or pay higher taxes as well as automatically enroll workers in the company ’s health insurance program , among other conditions .
The provisions could change as the Senate works to finalize its measure by the end of December .
That bill would have to be reconciled with the House version before a final bill could be presented to President Barack Obama to sign into law .
That process of consolidating the bills “ could get slightly worse for businesses , ” whose concerns are likely to be overshadowed by more controversial issues such as the public insurance option and abortion , said Ethan Siegal , an analyst for Washington Exchange .
Smaller companies , which are even less likely than large employers to offer health benefits to workers , are particularly worried about the bill ’s requirements even though some exceptions are made for small employers .
The National Federation of Independent Business , in a letter to the Senate ’s top leaders this week , said the group expected insurers would raise premiums by passing along the Senate ’s annual $ 6.7 billion tax , among other complaints .
Still , a number of more moderate senators whose votes are crucial to passing the legislation could still push for changes that would ease burdens on small companies .
A group of Democratic senators , including Mary Landrieu and Blanche Lincoln , said on Wednesday they will offer an amendment to boost tax breaks in the bill for small businesses that offer health insurance to their workers .
More liberal Democrats and other supporters have said a greater government hand in healthcare could help relieve recession - battered companies from having to provide expensive health benefits .
Most businesses do n’t see it that way .
“ What we ’d gain in the way of not paying for care directly , we feel like we ’d lose in the way of higher taxes to support that kind of system , ” the retail group ’s Trautwein said .
Businesses argue the healthcare changes will prove too costly but they have not yet made a strong case or offered solid data to show any jobs would be lost because of the overhaul , Siegal said .
“ For the most part , employers ... are fighting this bill to kill it , ” he said .
Half the nation , including smokers , support completely banning cigarettes within 10 years , a study has found .
The 2008 Health and Lifestyles Survey compiled nationwide interviews from the Health Sponsorship Council of 1608 people , including 422 smokers , and has just been published in the NZ Medical Journal .
It found 49.8 percent of people agreed cigarettes should no longer be sold in New Zealand in 10 years , 30.3 percent disagreed and 19.9 percent neither agreed nor disagreed .
Of the smokers surveyed , 26.2 percent agreed and 55.3 percent disagreed .
The study also showed public support for plain , unbranded cigarette packets and fewer tobacco retailers .
Pacific Islanders , in particular , showed strong support for the measures .
One of the study 's authors , Dr George Thomson , from the University of Otago , Wellington , called on the Government to take action .
" There 's now a need for politicians to embrace and act on the idea of a foreseeable and planned end to tobacco sales through a predicable timetable by 2020 .
The public wants more defined action to reduce smoking , and not a series of incremental steps . "
The researchers said smoking was more affordable now than in 2001 and said the Government should increase tobacco taxes .
The average income had gone up but tobacco tax had not been raised above inflation .
" While the existing measures , such as smokefree legislation and improved quit support , are very important , if tobacco is becoming relatively more affordable , then these efforts are undermined and smoking is unlikely to decline , as price relative to income is a critical factor in the NZ market , " researcher Professor Richard Edwards said .
About 21 percent of New Zealanders smoked , causing more than 4000 deaths annually , and $ 1.5 billion in health costs .
In particular teenage and low income smokers were price sensitive , he said .
The majority of the public supported increasing tobacco tax above inflation , the study found .
Even most smokers supported the move providing additional revenue was used to fund measures to reduce smoking .
Currently less than 5 percent of the $ 1 billion tax revenue from cigarettes was put toward anti-smoking measures - far more should be used to help people quit and stop young people from starting , the researchers said .
" This help could include more prime - time mass media campaigns and greater Quitline capacity , " Prof Edwards said .
" Tobacco tax increases targeted at helping people to quit have been successful here and overseas , and could help reduce harm to the health of New Zealanders due to smoking and reduce health inequalities . "
The researchers said there had been relatively little reduction in smoking since 1991 , despite measures such as banning smoking in bars and clubs and introducing graphic pack warnings , and New Zealand was out of step with other countries which had greater reduction in smoking through policies discouraging smoking .
The Scottish Parliament this week voted to end the display of cigarettes and tobacco products in shop as well as banning sales from vending machines in a bid to deter children from taking up the habit .
Labour Associate Health spokesperson Iain Lees - Galloway , who has drafted a private member 's bill to ban smoking displays , applauded the move .
He called for the Government to address the issue and not wait for his bill to be drawn from the ballot .
" Governments around the world are taking this next logical step in the fight to reduce smoking rates .
It 's time we caught up . "
[ Haskell ] ANN : Streaming Component Combinators 0.4
Version 0.4 of Streaming Component Combinators , or SCC for short , has been released on Hackage .
Get it at http://hackage.haskell.org/package/scc
There is n't much new high - level functionality compared to the previous version , but the implementation has been heavily refactored and the foundations completely replaced .
I 'm particularly happy to have found a way to drop the ugly reliance on Data .
Dynamic and to encode the required constraints in the type system instead .
The foundation of streaming components in this version is the new Control .
Concurrent .
Coroutine module , whose main export is the monad transformer Coroutine .
It can transform any monad into a suspendable , resumable , trampoline - style - runnable monad .
Coroutines can be nested , which was the requirement for streaming and the main stumbling block for the implementation .
The solution , worth at least 10 milliOlegs according to my estimate , was to parameterize the Coroutine with a functor that wraps the coroutine suspension , and to use nested functors for suspension from nested coroutines .
The type system automatically figures out how many wrappings to apply to each suspension depending on how many intermediate coroutines it suspends .
In other news is the project 's Wiki page at http://trac.haskell.org/SCC/wiki/.
It 's still rudimentary , but growing .
All feedback will be appreciated .
At WebEcoist , we take great pride in educating you on the abnormal side of nature , biology and other aspects of the environment , with the New Year proving no different in the case of lungless and bone - eating worms , imprisoned and ancient bacteria , and slightly off - kilter octopuses .
All of these living organisms have recently raised eyebrows for attributes or behavior that are certainly strange on the surface but really interesting when understanding the reasoning behind the apparent weirdness or madness .
Breathe In , Breathe Out You Giant , Lungless Worm
Recently in Guyana , researchers discovered a strange - looking worm to say the least ( as seen in the above pictures ) that is believed to be only the second known lungless caecilian ( an order of amphibians resembling worms or snakes ) .
Sans nostrils , lungs or legs , the giant , lungless worm is known as Caecilita iwokramae and absorbs oxygen through its skin .
Reaching up to 27.5 inches in length , this giant , lungless worm is aquatic and thus unlike other caecilita that live on land and are also much smaller ( roughly 4.4 inches long ) .
The unearthing of Caecilita iwokramae follows the 1995 discovery of the first lungless caecilian and a similar 2008 finding of a lungless frog .
According to researchers , lunglessness is more likely to appear in smaller animals where the area of porous skin is increased in relation to body mass , thus making it easier to absorb oxygen .
Born to Squirm and Return : The Whale Bone - Eating Worms
Speaking of worms , scientists have been pleasantly surprised to find all sorts of new worms that make a living on feasting on whale bones .
As one example , the Osedax yellow - collared worm was first discovered in 2004 , with new species quickly springing up anywhere from slightly less than 100 feet to nearly 10,000 feet below the waters of the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans .
Amazingly , these and other whale bone - eating worms subsist only on the bones of perished whales , which can provide enough food for 20 years and feed generations of these hungry , hungry , new worms .
Solitary Confinement : Only the Lonely and Angry Bacterium
Recent advances in nanotechnology have allowed researchers to imprison bacterium ( the singular version of bacteria ) and learn some amazing things about these tiny organisms .
While trapped in glass cages that were only 20 micrometers wide , single Staphylococcus aureus ( a bacteria that is seen in the top right / bottom images and known for causing serious , life - threatening infections ) was able to alter its gene expression , something that scientists thought could only occur when dozens or hundreds of bacteria were packed together , according to new research .
For some more context , bacteria communicate with each other through a chemical process called quorum sensing , which allows them to change their behavior , turn some genes on and off , and take on different roles within the pack .
In the case of the bacterium that was trapped in the glass cage , it could tell that its chemical communication was going nowhere but still made genetic adaptations , specifically by producing chemical bombs called lysosomes .
Typically , lysosomes eat away at whatever they touch ; of course , they proved ineffective at breaking through the glass in the case of the imprisoned bacterium .
Still , by producing the lysosomes , the trapped Staphylococcus aureus showed that only a quorum of one is needed for bacterial genetic alteration , a finding that researchers suggest could eventually help them understand how to prevent individual Staph cells from becoming full - out infections .
Suspended in Animation : Long - Living , Salad - Eating Bacteria
Not to keep grossing you out , but bacteria is proving itself fascinating .
Recently , researchers discovered ancient microscopic bacteria ( more specifically , Archaea microbes ) buried in the salt flats of California ’s Death Valley ( top right image ) .
According to the researchers , the Archaea ( top left and bottom images ) had been subsisting on just a few cells of algae for the past 34,000 years .
Only 1/25,000 of an inch long ( a micron ) , the Archaea microbes apparently went into suspended animation , ceasing all operations with the exception of sipping the nutrients of algae that had been encased in the salt , a process that likely allowed the bacteria to repair gradual damage to their DNA .
According to the researchers , a single bacterium may be sustained by a single algae cell for 12 million years !
Veined Octopuses Are Nuts about Coconuts
On a lighter note , a recent study noted how veined octopuses have a bizarre affinity for coconut shells .
More specifically , these 3 - inch - wide octopi were found digging up both halves of coconut shells and then carrying these items with their 6 - inch - tentacles .
Especially interesting , the octopuses walked with the coconut shells , strangely appearing as if they were moving across the muddy ocean bottom on stilts .
According to the researchers , the octopuses may be slowed down by the coconut shells but value them for hiding and protection , as this video wonderfully depicts .
[ youtube=0bHZjpjPD1A ]
We believe in exploring settlement to the fullest extent possible to lessen the emotional strain on the family ; however , we are dedicated to protecting our client ’s rights and are strong litigators if the settlement process fails .
Read More
" It 's an honour to be working with Ken on a project like this , " says the footballer - turned - actor Vinnie Jones .
He 's not alone in feeling that way : among the cast of Ken Loach 's new film , Looking for Eric , there is a palpable sense of excitement .
With an estimated budget of $ 150 m , the first cinematic re-creation of Britain 's tragedy in Vietnam is bound to be a box - office hit .
Yet already the vultures are circling .
" We do n't want Ken Loach , " says the Vietnam veterans ' spokesman Paddy Ashdown , " and we certainly do n't want this film . "
Adapted from Alistair MacLean 's Booker - shortlisted novel , Looking for Eric is the story of five Royal Marines who go in search of a missing comrade in the Mekong Delta .
Back in 1973 , the book was a huge hit , crystallising public opposition to our commitment in Vietnam .
By this stage , British troops had been there for six years , sent by Harold Wilson in return for America 's help with propping up the pound .
At the time , Wilson promised they would be there for just six months .
How wrong he was .
Wilson 's decision to send in the marines cast a long shadow over British life in the 1960s and 1970s .
When the Labour Party split and he fell from office in 1969 , many thought the boys would be coming home , but Ted Heath defied expectations and kept them in - another deal , some said , to win American backing for the war in Rhodesia .
Casualties mounted ; in London , demonstrators camped for night after night in Parliament Square .
But despite all the protests , despite the
anti-war records by the Beatles , Slade and even the Wombles , Britain stayed in until the bitter end .
As Britain lost more than 2,500 men in Vietnam , it is hardly surprising that the scars remain painfully raw .
At Norman Foster 's unconventional memorial on Pall Mall , it is not unusual to see families with tears in their eyes , while defenders of the war continue to pump out hugely popular books .
Christopher Hitchens 's A Noble Cause , for example , was Britain 's bestselling title last Christmas , while this year brings the reissue of Max Hastings 's justly celebrated battlefield reports for the Evening Standard , which did so much to bring home the suffering of the ordinary squaddie .
That it has taken until now for Loach 's film to get funding is a reminder that the old passions have yet to fade .
Melanie Phillips 's Facebook petition , urging people to boycott Looking for Eric , has already picked up 120,000 signatures .
But not all veterans oppose it .
" I 'm looking forward to it , " says the Labour leader , David Davis , who fought with the SAS in the desperate last defence of Saigon , " because I think anything that reminds us of the horrors of war can only be a good thing . "
Michael Boldin
Campaign For Liberty
Monday , January 4th , 2010
Delegate Charles W. Carrico , Sr. has introduced House Bill 69 ( HB69 ) in the Virginia Legislature .
The bill , known as the Firearms Freedom Act , “ Declares that firearms , firearms accessories , and ammunition made in Virginia and retained within the borders of Virginia are not subject to federal law or regulation under the authority of Congress to regulate interstate commerce . ”
Virginia joins New Hampshire , Missouri , Utah and a number of other states considering such legislation .
Montana and Tennessee have already passed similar bills into law .
As previously reported here , while the FFA ’s title focuses on federal gun regulations , it has far more to do with the 10th Amendment ’s limit on the power of the federal government .
The bills in state houses contain language such as the following :
“ federal laws and regulations do not apply to personal firearms , firearm accessories , or ammunition that is manufactured in [ this state ] and remains in [ state ] .
The limitation on federal law and regulation stated in this bill applies to a firearm , a firearm accessory , or ammunition that is manufactured using basic materials and that can be manufactured without the inclusion of any significant parts imported into this state . ”
The Virginia House of Delegates is back in session on January 13 , 2010 .
Click here to track all current Firearms Freedom Act legislation
This article was posted : Monday , January 4 , 2010 at 5:30 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
By Julia Rooke
BBC Radio 4 , Crossing Continents
Urfan was shocked to see the mosque is all that is left of the madrassa Urfan was a heroin dealer and an addict .
He was introduced to me as a former gangster .
He had been feared and respected on his home turf in Reading , Berkshire , UK .
Ten years ago , Urfan reached rock bottom .
He was almost killed in a knife attack by rival dealers and he was desperate to change his life .
He felt unable to get the help he needed from British drug services .
So Urfan decided to seek alternative therapy in Pakistan , at a madrassa , an Islamic religious school .
He was keen to revisit it , so I joined him on his journey to north - west Pakistan .
We soon discovered that there was more to this school than met the eye .
' Destroyed ' by the army
The huge madrassa is in the remote Tangir valley , virtually inaccessible to ordinary traffic .
We travelled for 18 hours along the Karakorum highway - a treacherous road marred by pot holes , small avalanches and sheer drops .
Tangir is a village of 5,000 people with no running water and limited electricity .
It huddles round the madrassa .
We were greeted by the village leader , Shezada Khan , a religious teacher with a long white beard , leather socks - similar to those the Prophet Mohammed is said to have worn - and a black mujaheddin battle cap .
' Training fighters '
Urfan was shocked to hear that the rehabilitation centre , which was located higher up in the mountain , had been destroyed by the Pakistani army six years ago .
The military has not confirmed this to the BBC .
Shezada Khan said he did not know why it had been destroyed .
" The government did n't give any reason or warning .
We do n't know why they destroyed it . "
We were taught to crawl on the ground with guns .
They made me strip an AK - 47 and put it back together again
Urfan Urfan then asked him whether it was because they were training fighters to join the Taliban in Afghanistan .
Shezada Khan only replied : " They did n't say we were doing anything we should n't . "
The next day we began the two - hour climb on foot up the mountain to see what remained of the rehabilitation centre .
Urfan recalled that when he first arrived he was suffering withdrawal symptoms .
He was in great pain and afraid .
" I was taken to a place isolated from anywhere .
I felt like I 'd been kidnapped , " he said .
Yet as we approached the summit Urfan had tears of joy in his eyes .
" You do n't understand how happy I am .
This place changed my life .
Thank God . "
No more gangster
When we arrived , we discovered that a stone mosque with a mud roof is all that remains .
Abdul Rahman , the village leader 's son , explained that the army had spared the mosque because villagers occupied it and refused to leave .
Urfan says this is where recovering addicts were trained to shoot " Three hundred soldiers invaded this place with two helicopters , " he said .
" They came and blew up two buildings . "
Urfan recalled how each day began long before dawn with a roll call , then prayer .
" Two o'clock in the morning was not a good time for drug dealers to get up in the UK , " he said with a wry smile " To get spiritually started in the morning , we used to chant so loud .
It was as if we were releasing our illness from ourselves .
It sounded like horses galloping . "
As a punishment for sleeping in , he was once forced to strip down to his waist in the pouring rain , run up to the top of the mountain and sit there for eight hours .
" That soon broke my ' gangster ' drug dealer attitude , " he said .
Fighting in Afghanistan Urfan said not everyone managed to kick the habit .
But for him the important thing was the combination of discipline , religious learning and prayer .
" You are continuously practising your religion .
All day , all night .
Sooner or later God helps you . "
This religious teacher , on horseback , used to teach at the madrassa Then Urfan revealed another side to the madrassa .
He pointed to a flat surface the size of a football pitch along the mountain slope .
It was here that the addicts and criminals were given military training , he says .
" We were taught to crawl on the ground with guns .
They made me strip an AK - 47 and put it back together again . "
Faith - based rehab
Some left the centre to fight in Afghanistan .
Urfan told me that the village now boasted 338 " martyrs " .
Two had been killed very recently in Afghanistan .
" When I came back to England , I was off drugs , but I was pumped full of hate , " he says .
Travel along the Karakoram highway can be scenic and vertiginous
But with further study and guidance , he came to understand that the Prophet Mohammed forbids extremism .
" I can understand how these people become radicalised .
What they need to understand is that this religion is n't based on our own emotions , it 's based upon what the Prophet taught us . "
Today Urfan specialises in drug and alcohol rehabilitation for Black and Asian minorities .
He offers a faith - based approach to those who want it .
He is also working on a local government project to help young Muslims who are vulnerable to extremism .
Crossing Continents : Pakistan Drugs is broadcast on BBC Radio 4 on Thursday 3 December 2009 at 1100 GMT and repeated on Monday 7 December at 2030 GMT .
You can also listen to Crossing Continents on the BBC iPlayer or subscribe to the podcast .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Posted on by BBVM
A pair of legislators in the state of Washington have submitted a marijuana legalization bill much like the one introduced by Assemblyman Tom Ammiano , D- San Francisco , back in February .
The bill was introduced by state Rep. Mary Lou Dickerson , with Rep. Roger Goodman as the principal coauthor .
The two Democrats represent Seattle - area districts .
Four other legislators have also signed onto the bill .
Goodman was scheduled to join Ammiano on a conference call with reporters Thursday morning .
While there have been numerous bills to decriminalize marijuana , advocates say these bills represent the first two times a full legalization bill has introduced in a state legislature .
Ammiano ’s bill , which would not only remove criminal penalties but set up a regulatory and tax structure for pot sales , was the first such bill to get a full committee hearing , according to Stephen Gullwig , California state director with the Drug Policy Alliance .
“ This is virgin territory , ” Gullwig said .
Goodman has long advocated changes in drug policy , and became something of a hero to legalization advocates during his first election campaign in 2006 .
His Republican opponent , Jeffery Possinger , used attack ads and mailers in an attempt to label Goodman as soft on drugs .
This included the charge that Goodman wanted to be the state ’s “ director of drug dealing . ”
But after these ads hit , Goodman ’s numbers went up , and he ultimately became the first Democrat to win the suburban district since the 1960s .
The Seattle House was already set to debate a decriminalization bill .
But Goodman said his bill is “ very different , and much more important . ”
“ Decriminalization is a step in the right direction , ” Goodman said .
“ We ’re still punishing people , but were punishing them less .
But meanwhile the illegal market thrives . ”
Like the Ammiano bill , the Washington bill will be introduced lacking some necessary specifics until it ’s amended .
For instance , Goodman said he wants to introduce a clause that would forbid marijuana being sold in any outlet that also sells alcohol .
The bill is currently written to bar advertising , and tax proceeds would go to fund drug treatment , rather than being put into the general fund .
Goodman said he ’s also looking for ways to craft the bill to make it compatible with federal policies , though this probably wo n’t be possible .
The Ammiano bill has been widely written about , but was also widely viewed as dead - on - arrival .
Indeed , it has yet to move in the California Legislature ‘s Health or Public Safety committees , the latter of which Ammiano chairs .
Goodman said he thinks his bill may have a better chance — though it will also have to survive a trip through a public safety committee , this one chaired by a law - and - order legislator who does n’t want to let it out .
He said that polls show support for marijuana legalization in Washington is in the high 50s , similar to California .
The bill is also more ambitious than the California legalization initiative sponsored by Oaksterdam University , Gullwig said .
That measure was written “ defensively ” in order to allow it to survive an election campaign in which numerous law enforcement groups will spend big to defeat it .
Gullwig also took aim at the idea that legalized pot will solve either state ’s financial woes — something most serious advocates are n’t claiming in the first place .
“ Marijuana prohibition is such a colossal failure that it needs to be ended regardless of how much money could be made regulating it , ” Gullwig said .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Filed under : Civil Liberties , Drugs , Immigration , Information , Military Industrial Complex , Prison Industrial Complex | Tagged : California , California Legislature , Democratic Party , Drug Policy Alliance , Jeffery Possinger , marijuana , Mary Lou Dickerson , Oaksterdam University , Prohibition , Roger Goodman , Seattle , Stephen Gullwig , Tom Ammiano , War on Drugs , Washington |
April 24 , 2020
UPS Supporting NYC Healthcare Workers , First Responders & Community Organizations Amid Coronavirus Pandemic
Company backs several New York City community support efforts , including the donation of 5,000 masks to a health center in Red Hook ; hand sanitizer and other supplies to NYPD ; food for Henry Street Settlement and Vision Urbana , partnership to transport more than 1 million square yards of fabric to NYC for hospital gowns ; and UPS Foundation funding to the United Way of New York City .
Open the link in a new window
____
Google has released new , higher - resolution satellite images of the Port - au - Prince area of Haiti that was devastated by a magnitude 7.0 earthquake on Jan. 12 .
The new impressively detailed photos were taken on Sunday , Jan. 17 and have resolution of around 6 inches , according to Google .
You can see the full set of images in Google Maps in Satellite mode .
Last week , Google and GeoEye released a set of satellite images of Haiti taken on Jan. 13 , just a day after the earthquake , along with previous images of the area from 2008 .
Google is working to make the new imagery available as a layer in Google Earth as well .
An updated Haiti earthquake layer for Google Earth is currently available with images from multiple sources as well as maps , including earthquake epicenters .
For more information on images of Haiti and other tech relief efforts , check out Danger Room 's coverage .
* Via * Google Lat - Long Blog
Images : Google
See Also :
There ’s Christmas also for “ bad kids ” …
When I was a little girl the weeks before Christmas were full of anxiousness and deep thoughts .
Fearing that my “ little tricks ” could deprive me from the so much desired presents , I acted as if Santa Claus was behind me all the time and I judged myself to make sure that nothing could keep the big red bag away from me .
That ’s why this year I ’ve decided to open the Christmas season with a present for the “ tricky kids ” …
Here Christmas is for everybody …
Carbón dulce ( sweet coal ) is a spanish typical Christmas present .
Tradition says that the kids with “ bad behaviour ” should get carbon instead of presents .
Anyway carbon is sweet to make sure kids know that they ’re good and could improve their behaviour .
In past times carbon was darkened with smoke but now it ’s forbidden for health reasons and food coloring is used for the same effect .
Carbón dulce
70 g egg white icing
Black food coloring
700 g sugar
230 g water
Egg white icing :
1 egg white ( 35 g )
5 drops of lemon juice
200 g icing sugar
Black food coloring .
In a large bowl combine all ingredients until smooth and thick .
A good test is when a knife blade drawn through the icing leave a clean cut .
Add more sugar if necessary .
Add the food coloring .
Prepare a rectangular pan lined with greased parchment paper .
Combine water and sugar in a deep saucepan until 1/3 of the height .
Bring to boil until 126ºC .
Remove from heat and add the egg white icing .
Stir in circles until foam forms .
Keep stirring until foam surfaces again .
Pour the mixture into the lined pan .
Break the carbon in pieces .
comments
O
ur in - house technology resources and expert , experienced and skilled professional team of E - Commerce Development and E - Commerce Solution is always ready to give the best of them to you .
Our highly skilled System Analyst study and analyze your business requirements and designs a model of your requirements that suits you best .
Our deeply knowledgeable designers design the model as per your specific needs and assure you that you are on the way to receive what you should .
Having seated among the top E - Commerce Solutions and E - Commerce Development provider around the world , Perception System knows what the scenario in the global market is and designs the model for you accordingly so you are not left behind of your competitors .
Our competitive and constant research and analysis enable us to deliver you the best and affordable E - Commerce Solutions and help us to give you a perfect model of E - Commerce Development .
As a leader in the E - Commerce Solutions and E - Commerce Development , Perception System offers you cutting edge solutions in E - Commerce and Shopping Cart .
If your business needs B2B and B2C Business Portal ?
we are here .
Need Payment Gateway Integration ?
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - President Barack Obama on Tuesday announced he intends to seek $ 1.35 billion to extend a nationwide public - school reform program as part of his fiscal 2011 budget proposal .
President Obama meets with third and fourth grade students at Viers Mill Elementary School in Silver Spring , Maryland , October 19 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Jason Reed
The funds , aimed at reversing a decline in U.S. public schools , would be on top of the $ 4.35 billion that financially strapped states already are competing for under Obama ’s “ Race to the Top ” initiative included in the $ 787 billion economic stimulus plan passed last year .
“ Over the past few months we ’ve seen such a positive response that today I ’m announcing our intention to make a major new investment , ” in the program , Obama said during a visit at a local elementary school .
“ There are any number of actions we can take as a nation to enhance our competitiveness and secure a better future for our people , but few of them will make as much of a difference as improving the way we educate our sons and daughers , ” he said .
An administration official said the federal school grants likely will continue beyond fiscal 2011 , until all states participate .
The official said Obama had not set an end date .
Eleven states have implemented reforms so far to make themselves eligible for funding and more than 30 states are expected to have applied for money from the program by Tuesday ’s deadline for the first round , senior officials said .
Part of the stimulus money allocated to the schools program will be awarded in April .
Those states that do not receive money can re-apply in June , an official said .
Competition for funds from next year ’s budget will be opened to school districts , eliminating the tensions that emerged between local and state governments over distribution of the stimulus money .
Education Secretary Arne Duncan said the program so far had generated an “ overwhelming response . ”
Obama wants states to use the funds to ease limits on charter schools , link teacher pay to student achievement and move toward common U.S. academic standards .
Charter schools receive public funding but are exempt from some state or local rules and serve as an alternative to regular public schools .
The United States has one of the worst high school dropout rates in the industrialized world and its students often rank below those in other Western nations in reading and math .
Obama has portrayed the drive to improve education as part of a broader push to promote economic growth .
When the recession began in 2007 , states worked to shield schools from the deepest downturn since the Great Depression .
As their reserves drained , though , some were only able to save teachers ’ jobs and keep schools running through direct injections of cash from the stimulus passed last February .
Many states say they expect to feel effects of the recession through 2012 , or more than a year after the stimulus expires .
The girl was 12 when she was " married " to her 16 - year - old cousin .
Her " husband " then raped her , with the approval of her father , his brother and sister - in - law .
It sounds like a horror story from the past in some remote part of the developing world .
It happened last year , in London .
Last week in north London , a court convicted the now 17 - year - old boy of rape and the Albanian girl 's father , uncle and aunt of causing or inciting underage sexual activity .
The court heard that the schoolgirl 's father , aged 29 , had staged the illegal marriage ceremony in front of his older brother , 54 , and sister - in - law , 54 .
Police were called in after the girl 's mother found out what her husband and his family had done to her child .
The case is perhaps the most horrific in the 12 months since the Forced Marriage and Civil Protection Act came into force .
Judges have issued 86 forced marriage protection orders in the past year to prevent illegal marriages such as the one suffered by the girl , and helped annul marriages when the ceremony had already taken place .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Earlier this year a teenager with learning disabilities was placed on an indefinite protection order after she revealed to teachers at her special school that her parents had forced her to marry a cousin in Pakistan .
Police and social services worked with the girl , who had limited capacity to make decisions , and the visa application of her " husband " was blocked .
She wanted to stay with her parents , so the order required the seizure of her passport .
It prohibits anyone in her family from harassing or threatening her – a breach could lead to two years in prison .
While experts believe progress has been made over the past year or so , hundreds , if not thousands , of forced marriages will have taken place without the courts ' knowledge .
Forced marriage and rape are symptoms of honour - based violence ( HBV ) .
Murder in the name of " honour " is the ultimate violent crime perpetuated by relatives or members of a community in order to protect or revenge " dishonourable " behaviour .
Home Office figures suggest there are around 12 honour killings in the UK every year ; thousands of women are killed for the same reason across the world .
The risks involved in HBV are complex so it is essential the authorities are able to look beyond the smokescreens families will put up , according to Shahien Taj , from the women 's charity , the Henna Foundation .
Getting things wrong , especially at the point when a victim first comes forward , can have tragic consequences .
The murder of Geeta Aulakh , 28 , a mother of two , in London last week , will be investigated by police as a potential honour killing after it emerged that her right hand – which bore the kara bracelet worn by Sikhs to remind them to strive for an " honourable " life – was hacked off by a " bladed object " .
Ms Taj , fearing " honour " reprisals against the 12 - year - old Albanian girl and her mother , has urged police and social services to urgently complete a HBV risk assessment to protect them from their extended family or community .
Her convicted relatives have been bailed until sentencing next month .
HBV , forced marriage and female genital mutilation will all be highlighted in the police national intelligence database to be rolled out next year .
And the National Policing Improvement Authority is working closely with Nikki Hubbard – the police officer who has spearheaded many of the improvements in this area – to develop a mandatory training package .
But experts fear that the imminent departure to new posts of Ms Hubbard and the equally committed Commander Steve Allen could see progress stutter as many forces still rely heavily on their advice when dealing with individual cases .
Anne -Marie Hutchinson , a partner at the law firm Dawson Cornwell , said : " The police and social services have become more aware and alert , and we 've had some great successes over the first year , but there are still times when they do n't understand who the girl could be at risk from . "
Additional reporting by Victoria Richards
When Texas Gov. Rick Perry declared this " International Education Week , " he waxed eloquent about the " era of global exchange " – American students heading abroad in increasing numbers , while foreign students flood Texas universities , returning home " with a greater understanding of the values we hold dear . "
He might also have noted that the nearly 60,000 foreign students studying in Texas , constitute a critical economic boost for the state , particularly in lean times – paying professors ' salaries , buying books , furnishing dorm rooms , clothing themselves , and eating .
An all - time high of 671,616 foreign students studied in US colleges and universities in the 2008 - 09 academic year , according to the annual Open Doors report by the Institute of International Education ( IIE ) .
All told , those students spent nearly $ 18 billion across the US , according to a separate report also issued today by NAFSA , a nonprofit association promoting international education .
Together , the two reports paint a picture of a world of increasingly globalized education : foreigners prize an American college education more and more every year , and American students consider some amount of study abroad a requisite part of their education .
Among the reports ' highlights :
• China was largely responsible for the year 's 8 percent growth in foreign students in the US , sending nearly one - quarter more students than last academic year – or about 98,000 .
But unlike in the past , more of those Chinese students are undergraduates – not graduate students – as wealthy Chinese families pay for the international gold standard in education for their one child .
• Four countries increased their number of America - bound students by 20 percent or more : China , Nepal , Saudi Arabia , and Vietnam .
Vietnam vaulted into the Top 10 with nearly 13,000 students in the US – a 46 percent jump over the previous year .
• Americans studying abroad rose by nearly 9 percent to 262,416 .
But more of those students are looking outside the semester - abroad
destinations of their parents – often in Western Europe – for Asian studies in China , India , and Japan .
South Africa and Argentina are also drawing growing numbers of Americans .
The State Department is providing more Americans with scholarships to study in countries where critical languages such as Arabic , Hindi , and Urdu are spoken – an effort to remedy a recent dearth of foreign - service applicants with those skills .
The State Department is also playing a role in the effort to attract foreign students to the US .
It has established a network of offices around the globe where students can research US educational opportunities .
There , foreign students can get answers to questions such as the differences between large universities and the typically American small liberal - arts college .
" Our large network of more than 400 EducationUSA advising centers plays a key role in matching international students with a US academic institution that 's just right for them , " says Judith McHale , undersecretary of State for public diplomacy and public affairs .
The top three states in terms of enrolled foreign students – California , New York , and Texas – remained the same .
But the number of governors issuing " international education week " proclamations like Governor Perry 's -- 31 , according to NAFSA – suggests more states are taking note of both the qualitative and economic benefits of attracting foreign students .
See also :
China 's reverse brain drain : Scientists in the US now going back home
-----
Follow us on Twitter .
Change Windows Password from Ubuntu / Ubuntu Live CD
An article by An article by Bharat Balegere 19 Comments Last Modified on January 27 , 2011
Most Ubuntu users also have Windows installed on their computer .
In such cases you can Reset or Change the passwords of Windows User Accounts from Ubuntu / Ubuntu Live CD using the chntpw tool .
You need to enable Read / Write Access to NTFS partition on which Windows is installed , to use the chntpw tool .
Enabling Read / Write Access
Install NTFS GUI Configuration
Tool by running this code in the terminal
sudo apt - get install ntfs - config
Applications - System Tools - NTFS Configuration Tool
Tick the NTFS partition where Windows is installed and give a suitable mount point like xp .
Partions are shown as / dev/sda2 / dev/sda3
If you find this confusing , then tick all of them and assign the mount points as xp , xp1 etc .
Click on Apply .
In the next window Tick Enable Write Support for Internal Device .
Now your windows partitions are mounted as xp , xp1 etc
Places - Computer -Filesystem -Media
You can see your windows partitions mounted here as xp , xp1 .
Open each one of them and look for the Windows folder .
If the Windows folder is in xp then your Windows is installed in that partition .
Installing chntpw
Execute the following command in terminal
sudo apt - get install chntpw
Changing the Passwords
The windows passwords are stored in the SAM file located Windows / System32 / config .
Change the directory to Windows / System32 / config by
cd /media/xp/Windows/System32/config
Since the path is case sensitive you may get an error saying No such file or directory .
Open the above path in the Nautilus File Manager and make a note of the Uppercase and Lowercase characters .
Sometime the Windows folder might be named as windows with a lowercase w or as Windows with an uppercase W .
Once you are in the config folder execute the following commands in terminal
ls
It display the list of files in the Config folder .
Make sure a file called SAM is present .
To display the list of users execute the following command at terminal .
chntpw SAM -l
To change the password of the Administrator account execute the following command at terminal .
chntpw SAM
And follow instructions on the screen to reset or change and press the appropriate key .
Example press 1 to reset the password .
To change the password or make a specific user the administrator run the following command in terminal
chntpw -u USERNAME SAM
and follow the instructions on the screen .
Thats it .
Now restart and boot into Windows and log into the Administrator Account without any problems .
The arrest of more than two hundred California student activists over the course of twenty - three days of mostly peaceful protest was one of the biggest — and most troubling — campus stories of the fall semester .
One hundred and eighteen of those arrests came at UC Berkeley , whose chancellor , Robert Birgeneau , had just weeks earlier told the New Yorker that students were welcome to “ occupy any [ campus ] space they like , that ’s fine .
Unless they damage a building , in which case they ’re breaking the law . ”
Birgeneau ’s comment demonstrates what a startling and abrupt departure from precedent the California arrests represented .
In September , thousands of Berkeley students swarmed into the streets after a protest , snarling traffic , but no arrests were made .
In December sixty - six Berkeley students were busted without warning as they slept in an unlocked campus building which they were occupying peacefully and without incident .
Often , charges against arrested student activists have been quietly set aside in the protests ’ aftermath .
That was the case for fifty - one of fifty - two of those arrested at UC Davis ’ Mrak Hall in late November , as well as all eight of those arrested on the night of December 11 at Berkeley , among others .
The decision not to bring charges against students who have been peacefully protesting is always a welcome one , but these California arrests remain troubling for three reasons :
First , these activists never should have been arrested in the first place .
An independent student report on the sixty - six arrests at Berkeley ’s Wheeler Hall on the morning of December 11 , for instance , found that the university had conducted those arrests not , as it claimed , to secure the building for finals the next day , but to prevent the arrested students from mobilizing elsewhere on campus after the Wheeler occupation ended .
Given this , the local branch of the ACLU expressed concern that the purpose of the arrests may have been to prevent students from exercising their First Amendment rights , or to punish them for doing so .
Second , criminal charges , once withdrawn , should not be held in reserve as a deterrent to future organizing .
At Davis , students had asked the university to intervene with the district attorney to get charges against students dropped , and administrators had promised to do so .
But when the DA ’s office acted , they merely set aside the charges for a year , contingent on the good behavior of those who had been arrested .
This is a tactical use of police power — the deployment of a vague and open - ended threat to impell students to regulate and limit their own legitimate campus activism .
Third , meritless criminal charges should not be used as the basis for campus disciplinary action .
Of the eight people arrested at Berkeley on the night of December 11 , two were Berkeley students , and both were placed on suspension as a result of the arrests .
The DA , however , declined to bring charges against any of the eight .
When the first of the two Berkeleyites , Zach Bowin , faced a disciplinary hearing , he brought a lawyer , and the administrative restrictions on his activities were greatly loosened .
But the second student , Angela Miller , was given only minimal notice of her hearing , and was not able to secure legal counsel .
She remains under suspension , has been evicted from her residence in a student housing co-op , and is barred from communicating with Berkeley students , faculty , or staff .
The hundreds of arrests of California student activists last semester have produced no criminal convictions , no trials , no fines or long - term imprisonment , and it is becoming increasingly obvious that such sanctions were never the point .
California ’s public universities are using their police power not to protect public safety or to punish criminals , but as a quasi-legal weapon in their campaign against student protest and student expression .
This is not a legitimate use of the power of the state , and it is not the way a university should behave .
Hill Democrats are demanding that Obama ’s brain trust , including White House senior adviser David Axelrod , shelve their grand legislative ambitions .
| REUTERS
White House caught in Dem crossfire
Congressional Democrats — stunned out of silence by Scott Brown ’s victory in Massachusetts — say they ’re done swallowing their anger with President Barack Obama and ready to go public with their gripes .
If the sentiment is n’t quite heads - must - roll , it ’s getting there .
Advertisement
Hill Democrats are demanding that Obama ’s brain trust — especially senior adviser David Axelrod and chief of staff Rahm Emanuel — shelve their grand legislative ambitions to focus on the economic issues that will determine the fates of shaky Democratic majorities in both houses .
And they want the White House to step up — quickly — to help shape the party ’s message and steer it through the wreckage of health care reform .
“ The administration has got to be in the forefront now , instead of throwing some meat on the track and seeing what the House can work out , ” said New Jersey Rep.
Bill Pascrell , expressing the frustrations also voiced by about two dozen Democratic elected officials and aides interviewed by POLITICO .
“ I have n’t seen Rahm Emanuel except on television .
We used to see him a lot ; I ’d like him to come out from behind his desk and meet with the common folk , ” added Pascrell .
“ What happened was they got so caught up in all these other issues like health care and cap and trade and all this other stuff , that because of that they maybe did n’t put enough focus on the economy , ” said Minnesota Rep.
Collin Peterson , a moderate who represents a conservative , rural district hard - hit by the economic crisis .
The White House would not comment for this story .
Administration officials say they get it — with Axelrod recently admitting that Obama ’s team is recalibrating and refocusing on the economy .
Emanuel , for his part , is now pushing for a stripped - down health care bill that could be passed within a few weeks and force Republicans , for a change , to take a few tough votes .
That may mollify some Democratic moderates , but it will further infuriate the liberals , who insist that the lesson of Massachusetts is that Obama has come on too weak , not too strong .
New York Times columnist Paul Krugman captured the left ’s winter of discontent Thursday with a blog post in which he wrote that he ’s “ pretty close to giving up on Mr. Obama , who seems determined to confirm every doubt I and others ever had about whether he was ready to fight for what his supporters believed in . ”
Despite the criticism , Obama is still popular on the Hill , and most Democrats acknowledge the enormity of the problems he faced when he took office .
“ At this point , the challenge that they have had , and we have had , is that there were so many problems that were dumped in their lap when they took over , ” said Michigan Sen. Debbie Stabenow .
“ They have been moving quickly on a hundred different points , so I think that ’s their biggest challenge . ”
But the Brown loss has exposed deep resentment about Obama ’s all - fronts legislative strategy , his hands - off approach to health care reform for much of the year , the actions of his economic team — especially Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner — and his Afghanistan escalation .
But more than anything else , there ’s a sense that the party ’s greatest communicator is n’t conveying to voters that he understands their worries about the economy .
And that could swamp all Democratic boats , even those carrying incumbents who previously felt they were secure .
California Sen. Dianne Feinstein , who supported Obama ’s $ 787 billion stimulus a year ago , says the president needs to be much more forceful about how , where and why the money was spent if Democrats are going to get credit for attacking the recession in an era of double - digit unemployment .
“ I think the administration needs to be much more aggressive , and hopefully the president will outline some of this in his State of the Union address , ” she said .
“ We very much need leadership from the executive on this .
You ca n’t just put money out there — even if we had it to put it out there — unless it ’s going to produce an actual new job . ”
Rhode Island Rep. Patrick Kennedy — whose father ’s seat was captured Tuesday night by a Republican who opposes the health care reform bill — says Obama is still popular but needs to harness his “ fierce urgency of now ” when it comes to improving the economy .
“ We ’ve done a damn good job at righting this ship .
And now it ’s starting to move in the right direction .
Now what happened ? ” he said .
“ We lost the sense of urgency that we ’re still doing it every single day , because this is n’t over yet . ”
The problem , from the perspective of the White House , is that fractious Democrats provide all the political direction of a nine - needled compass — and often send contradictory messages about how they want him to proceed .
In the House alone , there are nearly as many Democratic positions on health care as there are Democrats , with liberals goading Obama to double - down on reform and ram through a bill using the Senate ’s controversial 51 - vote “ reconciliation ” process .
Moderates , embodied by Indiana Sen .
Evan Bayh , a fiscal hawk , and New York Rep. Eliot Engel , are urging Obama to dispense with the issue as soon as possible before he marches the party off a cliff .
“ I think that an effective majority is one that advocates and listens , ” Engel said .
“ I ’ve done a lot of advocating ; now I ’m listening .
If the people say , ‘ Wait , slow down , you ’re going a little bit too fast , ’ then we need to slow down . ”
At the moment , the whole cacophonous crew seems to be united by the fear that no one is safe if a tea party - backed Republican can win the Senate seat the late Ted Kennedy held for nearly 50 years .
On the day after Brown ’s win , panicky House Democrats convened in the Capitol to discuss post - Massachusetts strategy , with some in attendance complaining about what they believed to be continued White House disengagement .
“ We all pretty much knew for sure we were going to lose Massachusetts , ” one person in attendance told POLITICO on Wednesday .
“ And yet , last night and this morning , we had absolutely no message guidance from the White House , [ the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee ] or [ the Democratic National Committee ] .
There was no leadership .
...
So all of the members today are just opining about what they think it means and whether we should move forward on health care . ”
Despite the criticism , White House press secretary Robert Gibbs seemed determined to stay the hands - off course .
Gibbs told reporters Thursday that , after Massachusetts , the president wants to let “ the dust settle ” and look “ for the best path forward . ”
But House Democrats , already terrified by the wholesale defection of independents to the GOP in Massachusetts , were infuriated when a New York Times article , apparently citing an administration source , suggested Speaker Nancy Pelosi could pass an unamended version of the Senate ’s health reform bill .
“ The sense was that the Obama folks were trying to say it was inevitable when it was n’t , ” said New York Rep.
Anthony Weiner , a supporter of the public option who has clashed with the White House repeatedly about the issue .
“ It was n’t that they were bullying us , but it reinforced the idea that they were a little tone - deaf to what the reality inside the House and Senate really were , ” Weiner added .
Meredith Shiner , Kasie Hunt and John Bresnahan contributed to this report .
The Oilwatch Monthly is a newsletter that is available free of charge with the latest data on oil supply , demand , oil stocks , spare capacity and exports .
Subscribe to receive Oilwatch Monthly by e-mail
Latest Developments :
1 ) Conventional crude production - Latest figures from the Energy Information Administration ( EIA ) show that crude oil production including lease condensates increased by 592,000 b/d from September to October 2009 , resulting in total production of crude oil including lease condensates of 73.12 million b/d .
2 ) Total liquid fuels production - In December 2009 world production of all liquid fuels increased by 270,000 barrels per day from November according to the latest fgures of the International Energy Agency ( IEA ) , resulting in total world liquid fuels production of 86.17 million b/d. Liquids production for November 2009 was revised downwards in the IEA Oil Market Report of December from 85.94 to 85.9 million b/d.
Average global liquid fuels production in 2009 was 84.97 versus 86.6 and 85.32 million b/d in 2008 and 2007 .
3 ) OPEC Production - Total liquid fuels production in OPEC countries increased by 70,000 b/d from November to December to a level of 34.21 million b/d.
Average liquid fuels production in 2009 was 33.7 million b/d , versus 36.09 and 35.02 million b/d in 2008 and 2007 respectively .
All time high production of OPEC liquid fuels stands at 36.58 million b/d reached in July 2008 .
Total crude oil production excluding lease condensates of the OPEC cartel increased by 80,000 b/d to a level of 29.05 million b/d , from November to December 2009 , according to the latest available estimate of the IEA .
Average crude oil production in 2009 was 28.7 million b/d , versus 31.43 and 30.37 million b/d in 2008 and 2007 respectively .
OPEC natural gas liquids remained stable from November to December 2009 at a level of 5.17 million b/d.
Average OPEC natural gas liquids production in 2009 through November was 5.0 million b/d , versus 4.66 and 4.55 million b/d in 2008 and 2007 respectively .
4 ) Non-OPEC Production - Total liquid fuels production excluding biofuels in Non-OPEC countries increased by 147,000 b/d from November to December 2009 , resulting in a production level of 50.17 million b/d according to the International Energy Agency .
Average liquid fuels production in 2009 was 49.68 million b/d , versus 49.32 and 49.34 million b/d in 2008 and 2007 respectively .
Total Non-OPEC crude oil production excluding lease condensates increased by 542,000 b/d to a level of 42.11 million b/d , from September to October 2009 , according to the latest available estimate of the EIA .
Average crude oil production in 2009 through October was 41.51 million b/d , versus 41.32 and 41.80 million b/d in 2008 and 2007 respectively .
Non-OPEC natural gas liquids production increased by 61,000 from September to October to a level of 3.42 million b/d. Average Non-OPEC natural gas liquids production in 2009 through October was 3.39 million b/d , versus 3.65 and 3.79 million b/d in 2008 and 2007 respectively .
5 ) OECD Oil Consumption - Oil consumption in OECD countries increased by 25,000 b/d from September to October 2009 , resulting in a consumption level of 44.11 million b/d. Average OECD oil consumption in 2009 through October was 43.86 million b/d , versus 46.10 and 47.68 million b/d in 2008 and 2007 respectively .
6 ) Chinese & Indian liquids demand - Oil consumption in China increased by 127,000 b/d from September to October 2009 , resulting in a consumption level of 8.98 million b/d according to JODI statistics .
Average oil consumption in China in 2009 through October was 8.06 million b/d , versus 6.92 and 7.29 million b/d in 2008 and 2007 respectively .
Oil consumption in India increased by 103,000 b/d from September to October 2009 , resulting in a consumption level of 2.82 million b/d.
Average oil consumption in India in 2009 through October was 2.84 million b/d , versus 2.60 and 2.43 million b/d in 2008 and 2007 respectively .
7 ) OPEC spare capacity - According to the International Energy Agency , total effective spare capacity ( excluding Iraq , Venezuela and Nigeria ) increased from November to December 2009 by 2,000 b/d to a level of 5.37 million b/d .
Of total effective spare capacity , an additional 3.55 million b/d is estimated to be producible by Saudi Arabia within 90 days , the United Arab Emirates 0.42 million b/d , Angola 0.24 million b/d , Iran 0.28 million b/d , Libya 0.23 million b/d , Qatar 0.10 million b/d , and the other remaining countries 0.55 million b/d .
Total OPEC spare production capacity in December 2009 increased by 10,000 b/d to a level of 5.03 million b/d from 4.93 million b/d in November according to the Energy Information Administration .
Spare capacity figures from May 2009 to November 2009 were significantly revised upwards in the latest Oil Market Report , mainly due to an adjustment in Saudi Arabian spare capacity from 2.8 to 3.7 million b/d for November 2009 .
8 ) OECD oil stocks - Industrial inventories of crude oil in the OECD in November 2009 increased to 984 million from 967 million barrels in October according to the latest IEA statistics .
Current OECD crude oil stocks are 22 million barrels higher than the five year average of 962 million barrels .
In the December Oil Market Report of the IEA , a total stock level of 968 million barrels was tabulated for October , but this level has been revised downwards to 967 million barrels in the January edition .
Industrial product stocks in the OECD in November 2009 remained stable at 1466 from October levels according to the latest IEA Statistics .
Current OECD product stocks are 64 million barrels higher than the five year average of 1402 million barrels .
In the November Oil Market Report of the IEA , a total stock level of 1499 million barrels was tabulated for October , but this has been revised downwards to 1466 million barrels in the December edition .
Figure 2 - World Liquid fuels Production January 2002 to December 2009
Figure 3 - OPEC liquid fuels production January 2002 to December 2009
Figure 4 - IEA OPEC crude oil production & IEA Spare Capacity January 2002 to December 2009
Figure 5 - EIA OPEC crude oil production & EIA Spare Capacity January 2002 to December 2009
Figure 6 - Non-OPEC
Crude Oil Production January 2002 to October 2009
Figure 7 - Saudi Arabia Crude Oil & Liquid Fuels Production January 2002 to December 2009
Figure 8 - Nigeria Crude Oil Production January 2002 to October 2009
Figure 9 - Russia Crude Oil & Liquid Fuels Production January 2002 to October 2009
Figure 10 - Iraq Crude Oil Production January 2002 to October 2009
Figure 11 - Angola Crude Oil Production January 2002 to October 2009
Ireland 's domain ( .ie ) was found to be the safest in Europe .
More than one third of websites in the West African country of Cameroon pose a security risk to surfers according to a new report by security expert McAfee .
Web addresses for Cameroon end " .cm " - attracting careless web users who wrongly type " .com " .
Fraudsters take advantage of spelling mistakes and typing errors to set up false sites that may look similar to those the surfer intended to visit .
But they can contain spyware , adware and malicious downloads instead .
Last year 's survey put Hong Kong ( .hk ) at the top of the riskiest domain names .
However a clampdown on domain registration has made it safer in 2009 .
RISKIEST WEB DOMAINS 2009 1 . Cameroon ( . cm ) 2 . People 's Republic of China ( .cn ) 3 . Samoa ( .ws ) 4 . Philippines ( .ph ) 5 . Former Soviet Union ( .su )
Hong Kong Internet Registration Corporation Ltd , which supervises domain registration for .hk websites , said that asking for proof of identity was one measure which had led to a decline in suspicious applications .
So instead , those wishing to exploit web surfers turned their attention to common typing errors .
" The bad guys got good at exploiting bad typing skills , " Shane Keats , senior research analyst at McAfee and co-author of the report , told BBC News .
He added that when looking for a host country in which to set up a fraudulent domain , scammers tend to look for three things : " low cost , ease of registration and lack of regulation " .
McAfee surveyed 27 million websites for the report - of which 688,861 were sites hosted by Cameroon .
36.7 % were found to be suspicious .
The safest domains surveyed were Japan ( . jp ) , Ireland ( .ie ) and Croatia ( .hr ) .
Photo from
Photo from fOTOGLIF
The Libertarian Party 's official convention site is up at http://www.lpconvention.com
In the category of " not especially surprising surprises , " see the registration page :
The usual suspects are back at their perennial efforts to levy a poll tax on delegates .
The intent of the tax , which runs $ 99 and up ( $ 49 and up after a kickback for patronizing a designated hotel ) is to force all delegates to subsidize a luxurious venue and various extra-convention activities for the " privilege " of representing their state parties at the bylaws - required biennial business meeting which the membership has already paid for with its dues .
To paraphrase George HW Bush and The Dude , " this will not stand , this aggression ... " Resolved , that activities and amenities above and beyond the requirements for holding the required business sessions should be paid for by those who are interested in said activities and amenities .
The Libertarian Party is n't -- or at least should n't be -- a welfare agency or an extortion racket .
I hate to ask anyone to put off registering for the convention , but it 's important that you do so even if you planned on buying one of the " extras " packages .
Until the requirement to do so has been withdrawn , buying a convention package amounts to rewarding and encouraging bad behavior .
For bonus points , let LPHQ know that you 'd like to buy a package and that you 'll do so as soon as this poll tax nonsense is dispensed with .
Personally , I expect this matter to be resolved in the next few days .
Since the poll tax is obviously in violation of the party 's bylaws , the chair can and should rule it so and put a stop to it , and he 's already been asked to do so by at least three Libertarian National Committee members .
If the chair declines to do his duty , presumably the thing can be done away with at the next LNC meeting in February .
Make sure you talk with your regional representative about the issue before then .
I 'll update this article as the matter of smooshing the poll tax -- or , if necessary , counter - acting it -- proceeds .
I 'd much rather be encouraging people to buy packages than asking them not to .
Spot the gecko : Reptile so small it can fit on pencil top found along with dozens of other new species in threatened Ecuador jungle
A gecko so small it can perch on top of a pencil has been discovered along with dozens of new animal species in Ecuador ’s threatened rainforest .
Scientists also found 30 new varieties of frog and a snail - sucking snake – all on the verge of becoming extinct .
Their microhabitat – the Cerro Pata de Pájaro , meaning Bird Leg Hill in Spanish – has seen 95 per cent of its trees felled for farming .
Gordon Jr :
The miniature gecko perched on top of a pencil was found on Bird Leg Hill microhabitat in Ecuador
The unique conditions of the mountain slope – a rainforest capped in cloud forest – mean these animals are not seen on neighbouring hills in western Ecuador .
‘ There is obviously a great concern that these species will disappear as soon as , or even before , they are formally described by science ’ , said expedition leader Dr Paul Hamilton of Explorers from Reptile & Amphibian Ecology International .
‘ In this part of ¬Ecuador , if you go to one spot you can find 20 or 30 species of frog , and if you go to the next site over you will see a whole bunch of different ones . ’
His team also found three species of lungless salamanders and bushmaster snake , which is the longest viper in the world yet is rarely recorded , having been hunted almost to extinction in many parts of its range .
Revealing : A transparent frog - one of 30 news species - shows its beating heart while sitting on a glass sheet
One of the discoveries which has most excited many of the scientists are the frogs which lay their eggs in trees rather than water .
Instead of hatching into tadpoles , they hatch out into miniature versions of the adults , some barely larger than a pinhead .
The snail - sucking snake , with striking red markings , has a blunt snout ‘ made just perfectly for jamming into the hole of a snail shell and providing that suction to suck the snail right out of there , ’ said Dr Hamilton , an American .
But the animals ’ habitat is being threatened by deforestation and climate change .
Weird : A snail - sucking snake that can syphon its prey out of its shell
Photography by Reptile & Amphibian Ecology International
All photos are copyrighted RAEI and / or Paul S. Hamilton
The rise in temperatures and drought are forcing animals to move to higher elevation in search of cooler , wetter climates .
Indeed , sites like Pata de Pájaro are under siege from countless ecological disturbances , from widespread deforestation for cattle grazing to timber harvesting and hunting .
Climate change models actually predict that many of these mountaintop cloud forests – along with the animals that depend on them – will disappear altogether from global warming if something is not done to save them .
The rain frogs just discovered are particularly susceptible to climate change since they rely on moist trees to lay their eggs which may dry up with temperature increases .
Previous work by the scientists in the area yielded an amazing diversity of more than 140 reptiles and amphibians .
Shrinking habitat : the Cerro Pata de Pájaro , meaning Bird Leg Hill in Spanish , has lost 95 % of its trees
‘ There are countless gaps in our knowledge about the status and distribution of tropical animals ; this study just scratches the surface of what we know about this region alone , much less what is happening to global patterns of extinction ’ , said Dr Hamilton .
‘ But to stem the pattern of current extinction rates , we all need to do our part , whether that be driving less , eating less meat , or simply educating ourselves and spreading the word . ’
Dr Kerry Kriger , director of the Save the Frogs charity , said : ‘ The good news is , the animals are still there and alive , so there is still time to save them from extinction .
‘ But we need to take action now to make it happen . ’
Scraping back the curse of expectation , BioShock 2 in some ways remains behind the 8 - ball .
After our extended sit - down with a large and well - featured build of the game , we were delighted ( read : relieved ) in many ways .
And yet in others , we were left with this unshakeable feeling that something 's not quite right in Rapture .
Then again , this is a major franchise , and playing through the first few hours reminded us a lot of the first game - and that 's a good thing , ultimately .
There 's still a lot here that 2 K gets very right .
So , for the sake of honesty and balance , here 's our look at BioShock 2 : For and Against .
Refinements and Improvements
Ryan+Amusements+turns+out+to+be+one+of+the+most+interesting+areas+to+explore+early+in+the+game.
Atmosphere
Enhanced Combat
The +combat+now+has+a+different+pace+and+feel+to+it;+the+ability+to+keep+your+plasmid+primed+alongside+a+firearm+is+the+key+change .
Multiplayer Actually Rocks
It 's Rapture
For : Being a highly anticipated sequel to a beloved game release , BioShock 2 naturally addresses and , in some cases , rethinks several staple parts of the BioShock experience .
Given your role as the first Big Daddy , the player 's dynamic is now one of stalwart foster - father as much as lone hero .
While you 're still fending off waves of Splicers and progressing through Rapture , your role as Big Daddy now revolves around defending and saving , or mercilessly harvesting , Little Sisters .
It 's a new twist on the original formula ; you still take out competing Big Daddies too , but now the rationale is different .
The game 's AI seems have taken a step forwards too , with more intelligent enemies , tricky environmental hazards and greater variety along the way .
We 're hoping the difficulty continues to ramp up smoothly too , though , as we found the first few areas particularly easy .
Hopefully further balancing will address this .
Dystopian settings have almost always had a healthy representation in gaming , ever since the earliest text - based MUDs , through to fully - realised worlds like that of Fallout and Borderlands .
And yet , the world of Rapture holds a certain unique flavour that no other game has broached .
The ethereal beauty of being surrounded by the seas , lit in places by neon signs and strings of bulbs , is reminiscent of wandering through a dilapidated aquarium .
The halls remain festooned with party streamers , hats and other bits of revelry , occasionally broken up by a harsh splash of blood across a wall and vaguely unhinged messages scribbled over surfaces with haste .
Rapture 's hallways betray a great sense of time and place ; you get a true feel for the highly sophisticated , if unhinged final moments before civil war broke out .
It , in turn , makes for a fascinating environment to explore .
With the addition of a whole new interlocked city to explore , connected through a series of tram lines , 2 K has gone to town ( so to speak ) with fresh propaganda - laden spectacles to explore .
Of these , the family - oriented ' theme park ' crackles with the kind of originality and commentary that made the first game such a delight to traipse through .
Sure , we can't explain where your drill goes when you 're toting a chain gun and plasmid arm , but finally having the ability to dual - wield plasmids and weapons has changed the pace and tone of Bioshock 's action .
Some will take it as a backwards step ; there 's less planning and strategy involved when you no longer have to swap in between plasmids and weapons , but the direct result is a more frantic pace and the ability to combine two attacks together is fantastic .
As part of enhancing the combat itself , new defensive manoeuvres come into play , such as the remote hack tool .
Rather than having to get up close to a turret , camera or locked control panel , you can now use a wrist - mounted launcher that tosses little hacking devices onto your target for remote deactivation or opening .
Handy ( literally ) .
It might come as a shock , but Fall of Rapture is really solid as a multiplayer mode .
The game caters nicely to different styles and approaches to multiplayer , and the modes keep things feeling fresh .
The straight - up combat is frantic , a constant blend of tactics to take down the Big Daddy player , while plasmids fly through the air and occasionally cling to surfaces , creating whirlwinds of flaming death .
Capture the Little Sister is logically handled and her disturbing thrash gave us the willies .
Yeah , it 's an easy point to overlook , but it bears repeating .
Rapture is a fascinating landscape to explore .
While the early areas lack personality ( more on that shortly ) , eventually the gold rises to the surface and we 're reminded yet again about why BioShock grabbed us in the first place .
The deeper and farther we get into BioShock 2's story , the darker and more complex it becomes .
We 're hoping it holds nothing back for a third game , frankly .
In October , Hersch started working intently on what he sees as his “ most personal and probably most ambitious ” effort : “ the coma project . ”
As he conceives of it at this early stage , it will be a concert - length piece with words , music and perhaps multimedia elements , to be performed by a midsize ensemble of a configuration to be determined as the music takes shape .
Hersch is developing the new work with Herschel Garfein , the librettist and sometime composer best known for his collaboration with the composer Robert Aldridge on the opera “ Elmer Gantry . ”
“ I was still alive for all that time I was unconscious , but the only life I had was in my dreams and nightmares , and they were incredibly strange and sometimes horrifying and sometimes beautiful , ” Hersch said .
“ I was in a lot of physical pain and discomfort .
I found out later that I had been restrained — I was strapped to the bed , and the dreams I had were unbelievably weird and mysterious .
I ’ve been trying to come to terms with what I went through , and the best way I know is to try to express it in music . ”
What form will that music take ?
“ It was an incredibly bizarre and sometimes terrifying experience , ” Hersch said .
“ There are no words to describe it .
I ’m hoping music can . ”
To many jazz fans , Fred Hersch is perhaps best known as a gay jazzman — or the gay jazzman , despite the fact that the jazz world , like every sphere of human endeavor in and out of the arts , has always had a homosexual population .
Indeed , Hersch ’s identity as a gay man — and one with AIDS — has shaped the way his music has been perceived by many people , including his own partner , Scott Morgan .
On a cool Saturday morning last summer , Morgan relaxed on the deck of the nice vinyl - sided house he and Hersch have built on the side of a hill in the Pennsylvania woods , and he reflected on Hersch ’s image as a gay artist .
“ One of the reasons that I was attracted to his music was not just his music but the fact that he was an out , gay musician early on — I had him on a pedestal as a musician and as a person , ” said Morgan , who has studied both piano and voice and can play standards in the manner of a good rehearsal pianist .
“ It impressed me that he was willing to go against the grain from a career perspective , ” Morgan went on .
“ He ’s got this incredible core of what he wants and who he is that is kind of amazing to me .
I think Fred ’s music has an expressiveness and a lyricism that is his own .
People say that ’s because he ’s gay , and I see how people can read into that and say , ‘ Well , I hear this sense of emotion , this depth , this lyricism ’ — you hear some of that in some of his compositions .
Clearly , we are gay , but our lives are not defined by the ‘ gay community ’ or by being gay . ”
If anything has inhibited the ability of Hersch ’s music to achieve the broader acceptance that , say , the work of the Marsalis brothers has achieved , it may be the subtlety and sheer loveliness of it — its warmth , its quality of melancholy , traits that Americans conditioned to equate “ edginess ” and “ darkness ” with gravity can be slow to take as seriously as music that hits the ears more assaultively .
His openness as a gay man is no help here and has surely conspired to feed hoary stereotypes of Hersch and his music as light stuff .
As the pianist Jason Moran points out : “ Because Fred ’s playing is so beautiful , some people do n’t take it as seriously as they should .
I think some people hear only flowers , but there ’s deep soil there .
They do n’t really understand everything that ’s going on .
Maybe if he gyrated and groaned and squinted his eyes and made it look hard when he played , they would get it .
But Fred does n’t go for theatrics .
Fred at the piano is like LeBron James on the basketball court .
He ’s perfection . ”
Hersch , among the most sensitive of jazz pianists , is acutely sensitive to the proposition that his sensitivity makes his music “ gay . ”
I took up the subject on a walk with him along the gravel path behind his country house .
We heard hummingbirds in the beech trees and got to talking about nature and the conception of beauty as a value in gay culture .
“ I would n’t quite say that ’s bull , but it ’s a very dangerous idea , ” Hersch said , slowing his gait .
“ The compliment I get the most often is , ‘ My , you sounded really beautiful . ’
I used to think , I want them to say something else , because I felt like that was a kind of , Oh , yeah , you ’re gay — so of course you play lyrically and you ’re one of the great ballad players .
Of course .
But now I just do n’t care at all what people think .
I think music should be beautiful .
There ’s nothing wrong with beauty .
I ’m attracted to beauty and lyricism , but I do n’t play the way I do because I ’m gay .
I play the way I do because I ’m Fred . ”
If his music is sometimes mistaken for soft , its composer never is .
Among musicians and other professionals in jazz circles , Hersch ’s clarity of purpose and fierceness of will have contributed to his reputation as a fearsome taskmaster .
Jo Lawry , the Pocket Orchestra vocalist , remembers as the “ foundation stone ” of her relationship with Hersch his phone call to her the day after he first saw her sing .
Hersch told her that the way she swayed to the beat onstage was a distraction from the music and that she was “ jumping all over the place ” in her improvisations rather than fully developing her musical ideas .
In response to a question from Poseur of SBN's And The Valley Shook , I wanted to take a look at Jay Bouwmeester , and more specifically , his time spent on ice with Olli Jokinen and Jarome Iginla .
I had a nagging sense that those guys were n't helping anyone 's out - shooting numbers , and Bouwmeester 's in particular .
The exercise was pretty useful , to me anyway , because it forced me to examine the situation a bit more thoroughly .
Honestly , it 's pretty easy to sit back and take a swipe at players based on a few scattered occurrences .
After the jump , I 'll flesh things out a bit on how I approached things .
First , this is just about Bouwmeester 's time with 12 and / or 21 at EV , over an 8 game stretch from October 16 vs. the Canucks , to the NYR game on November 7 .
We 'll review the first four in this installment , and the final four later this week .
When I went through the PBP sheets for those games , the only things I did n't strip out were Corsi events and face - offs where Bouwmeester was with one or both of the other two .
I then made rough matches of ice time , and Vic Ferrari of Irreverent Oiler Fans saved me a fair bit of time when he dropped the news in comments yesterday that he had his H2H ice time running again .
Thanks again to Vic for that .
As a glossary for the tables , P.opp is the number of the primary opposition player most of the events happened against , and Oth. is Bouwmeester 's Corsi figure when he was on - ice with other players .
If you see 12/21 in the first column , that means they were together for those events .
This is of import because during this stretch , Sutter had split the two of them .
The rest of the info should be pretty obvious .
So : Vancouver , October 16 : Iginla played with Conroy , as Jokinen was exiled to the third line :
T/ Mate Corsi P.opp w/12 -9 33 w/21 0 42 12/21 +3 10/18 Total - 6 Oth .
Even
JB 's overall Corsi - 6 . Iginla - 3 , Jokinen - 3
Face offs for that game : 3 Def. ( 2W/1L ) 7 Neu . ( 5W/2L ) 1 Off . ( 1 W )
Ice time : with 12and / or 21 for 12 minutes of his 15 at EV , and against Sedin for 11 minutes .
Playing Hank Sedin for 11 minutes is hard on the numbers , regardless of the health of his bro .
Iggy and Conroy got smoked when matched against Sedin , and Bouwmeester was on the bad end of that show .
The good numbers when 12/21 were together came on a shift where they caught Bernier and Ryan Johnson .
The Flames were in front early , so score effect was likely in play , since all but three events happened after the first period .
That said , Bouwmeester was even when he was n't with the big two .
Columbus , October 20 .
Iggy and Conroy , together again , by and large .
T/ Mate Corsi P.opp w/12 - 3 61/93 w/21 - 1 61 12/21 +1 61 Total - 3 Oth. +3
JB 's overall Corsi EV , Iginla +4 , Jokinen EV
Face - offs : 4 def. ( 2W , 2L ) 1 Neu ( 1L ) 1 Off . ( 1L )
Ice time : 8 out of 13 EV minutes with 12 and / or 21 , and of Rick Nash 's 11 EV minutes , Bouwmeester was out there for 8 .
Bouwmeester scored 4 on 4 on a scramble play right at the net , as the Flames got out early on the Blue Jackets .
Pretty low event game over - all , and considering how much time Nash played against him , Bouwmeester had a pretty good night .
You 'll note that Bouwmeester was +3 without 12 and 21 .
Edmonton , October 24 .
T/ Mate Corsi P.opp w/12 +3
10/19 w/21 - 3
10/19 12/21 - 2 10/19 Total - 2 Oth . -2
JB 's overall Corsi - 4 , Iginla - 5 , Jokinen +1
Face - offs : 4 def. ( 3W 1L ) 5 Neu . ( 3W 2L ) 4 Off . ( 3W 1L )
Ice time : 10 of 14 EV minutes with 12 and / or 21 , and 8 minutes against Horcoff .
Different sort of night , with Pat Quinn using his best wingers , Penner and Hemsky , with Sam Gagner .
Hemsky got his usual dose of Regehr .
As a result , Bouwmeester went against Horcoff and O'Sullivan .
Iginla had a better night working with both Boyd and Conroy .
Colorado , October 28 .
T/ Mate Corsi P.opp w/12 +1 26/23 w/21 - 3 37 12/21 +3 26/23 Total +1 Oth. +3
JB 's overall Corsi +4 , Iginla +13 , Jokinen +3
Ice time : only 6 of 20 minutes with 12 and / or 21 , as Bouwmeester 's primary role was working against Paul Stastny and Milan Hejduk for 13 of their 16 minutes at EV .
Face - offs : 4 Def ( 2W 2L ) 4 Off . ( 4L )
Colorado did n't create much , with only 14 shots for the evening , but the Craig Anderson Show and some effective collapsing around the ' Lanche net led to a disappointing 3 - 2 loss .
Iginla and Jokinen played more together as the evening progressed , particularly as the Flames tried to tie the game late .
That 's the first four games .
Bouwmeester 's overall Corsi was - 6 .
He was - 9 with 12 and / or 21 in about 36 minutes of EV time , and +3 in about 32 minutes when he was n't with Joker / Iggy .
The game Iginla had vs. Sedin skews this pretty heavily , of course , but it was n't like the big two were pushing the pile much , with the exception of Iginla vs. Colorado , and Robyn Regehr ( +17 ) was the prime beneficiary that night ..
If you consider that , and the fact that he was playing mostly against Sedin , Nash , Horcoff and Stastny , and had a slight preponderance of D zone face - offs , Bouwmeester was pretty solid .
The Flames actually played OK at EV in this stretch , going 3 - 1 , and their best - played game was likely the one they lost .
Part two will show up Wednesday night - ish .
Put Not Your Faith in Revolutions
Brad Spangler pointed out some time ago , in “ You ’ve got half your anarchy tied behind your back , ” that “ politics makes you stupid . ”
Namely , it leads to a destructive obsession with the non-aggression principle .
Treating libertarianism primarily as a political movement means we focus mainly on whether or not the use of force is justified in a particular situation .
We consider issues entirely in terms of “ state violence or the lack of it . ”
“ We do n’t give ourselves the opportunity to advocate , talk about and think about the non-violent socially normative mechanisms that would arise in the spontaneous order of a stateless society … [ or ] to understand the tendency toward mutually - reinforcing social structures that would develop in a free society … . ”
This set of blinders is sometimes exemplified by those who are skeptical towared “ thick ” libertarianism , which ties libertarianism in with social values of equity and fairness , even when violations of those values are n’t strictly “ unjust ” in the sense of resulting from aggression .
“ Is it non-coercive ? ” the thin libertarian asks .
“ Then it ’s outside the scope of plumb - line libertarianism . ”
But critics of non-coercive unfairness like racism and sexism are also in danger of being led astray by the same tendency .
Libertarians , in advocating for libertarianism on the left , are constantly confronted with the objection that people would be “ allowed ” to engage in racial or sexual discrimination , to deny food to the needy , etc .
But as Brad points out , this word “ allowed ” is perverse insofar as it “ conflates ‘ allows ’ with what would be more precisely understood ( in terms of libertarian theory ) as ‘ does not necessarily justify use of violence to compel restitution for in all cases ’. ”
But this obsession with what ’s “ allowed , ” in the narrow sense that nobody ’s entitled to use force to prevent it , ignores “ the holistic integrity of a stateless society arising from non-violent mechanisms of social normatization that cross the arbitrary topical boundaries one imposes on one ’s self when analyzing and advocating various potential state policies . ”
Civil society is prior to the state , and those “ mechanisms of social normatization , ” voluntary social safety nets , etc. , predate it by millennia .
One of the worst evils of the state is that it has crowded out or actively suppressed such mechanisms of civil society , as described by Pyotr Kropotkin .
As Kropotkin argued in both Mutual Aid and The State , for most of the human race over most of human history , the state was merely a parasitic layer of tax collectors and feudal landlords superimposed on the peasant commune — the latter including the Russian mir , the English open field system , and Marx ’s “ Asiatic mode of production . ”
Had the Tsar and nobility vanished in 1700 , Russian village life would have continued exactly as before — only with the peasants keeping all they produced .
It was only in the past few centuries that the state actively attempted to supplant civil society , and to suppress private associations for mutual aid and social cooperation as rivals to its power .
For all these reasons , it was encouraging to see Elinor Ostrom awarded a Nobel Prize .
She celebrates the wide range of possibilities for voluntary social organization outside the state , like the commons , in a way that reminds me very much of James Scott .
To those who think the only possible forms of property rights , let alone social organizations , are the capitalist corporation and the state , Ostrom is a reminder that there are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in their philosophy .
As Louis Uchitelle of the NYT put it , there are many possible governance mechanisms beyond taking orders from either a government or a corporate boss .
There ’s another reason the political approach has such perverse effects .
The traditional political model of revolution is a dead end .
As one of the characters in Kim Stanley Robinson ’s Mars Trilogy put it ,
“ … [ R]evolution has to be rethought .
Look , even when revolutions have been successful , they have caused so much destruction and hatred that there is always some kind of horrible backlash .
It ’s inherent in the method .
If you choose violence , then you create enemies who will resist you forever .
And ruthless men become your revolutionary leaders , so that when the war is over they ’re in power , and likely to be as bad as what they replaced . ”
Political action may be useful , as one small part of our toolkit .
But its primary purpose is to run interference and shield us from violent attacks on our primary order of business : building the kind of society we want , here and now , outside the state .
A character in Marge Piercy ’s Woman on the Edge of Time , describing the revolution that led to her future decentralist utopia , summed it up perfectly .
Revolution , she said , was not uniformed parties , slogans , and mass - meetings .
“ It ’s the people who worked out the labor - and - land intensive farming we do .
It ’s all the people who changed how people bought food , raised children , went to school ! …. Who made new unions , withheld rent , refused to go to wars , wrote and educated and made speeches . ”
Or as David Pollard put it , the new society wins through “ incapacitation — rendering the old order unable to function by sapping what it needs to survive . ”
The way to achieve victory is not by seizing the state , or violently overthrowing it , but quietly confronting it with a reality already on the ground : the reality that a rapidly expanding share of its laws are either no longer enforceable or cost more to enforce than it ’s worth .
Israeli archaeologist yuval peleg halts his jeep where the jagged Judean hills peter out into a jumble of boulders .
Before us , across the flat - calm Dead Sea , the sun rises over the mountains of Jordan .
The heat on this spring morning is already intense .
There are no trees or grass , just a few crumbling stone walls .
It is a scene of silent desolation — until , that is , tourists in hats and visors pour out of shiny buses .
Related Content The Dying of the Dead Sea
They have come to this harsh and remote site in the West Bank , known as Qumran , because this is where the most important religious texts in the Western world were found in 1947 .
The Dead Sea Scrolls — comprising more than 800 documents made of animal skin , papyrus and even forged copper — deepened our understanding of the Bible and shed light on the histories of Judaism and Christianity .
Among the texts are parts of every book of the Hebrew canon — what Christians call the Old Testament — except the book of Esther .
The scrolls also contain a collection of previously unknown hymns , prayers , commentaries , mystical formulas and the earliest version of the Ten Commandments .
Most were written between 200 B.C. and the period prior to the failed Jewish revolt to gain political and religious independence from Rome that lasted from A.D. 66 to 70 — predating by 8 to 11 centuries the oldest previously known Hebrew text of the Jewish Bible .
Tour guides shepherding the tourists through the modest desert ruins speak of the scrolls ’ origin , a narrative that has been repeated almost since they were discovered more than 60 years ago .
Qumran , the guides say , was home to a community of Jewish ascetics called the Essenes , who devoted their lives to writing and preserving sacred texts .
They were hard at work by the time Jesus began preaching ; ultimately they stored the scrolls in 11 caves before Romans destroyed their settlement in A.D. 68 .
But hearing the dramatic recitation , Peleg , 40 , rolls his eyes .
“ There is no connection to the Essenes at this site , ” he tells me as a hawk circles above in the warming air .
He says the scrolls had nothing to do with the settlement .
Evidence for a religious community here , he says , is unconvincing .
He believes , rather , that Jews fleeing the Roman rampage hurriedly stuffed the documents into the Qumran caves for safekeeping .
After digging at the site for ten years , he also believes that Qumran was originally a fort designed to protect a growing Jewish population from threats to the east .
Later , it was converted into a pottery factory to serve nearby towns like Jericho , he says .
Other scholars describe Qumran variously as a manor house , a perfume manufacturing center and even a tannery .
Despite decades of excavations and careful analysis , there is no consensus about who lived there — and , consequently , no consensus about who actually wrote the Dead Sea Scrolls .
“ It ’s an enigmatic and confusing site , ” acknowledges Risa Levitt Kohn , who in 2007 curated an exhibit about the Dead Sea Scrolls in San Diego .
She says the sheer breadth and age of the writings — during a period that intersects with the life of Jesus and the destruction of the Second Jewish Temple in Jerusalem — make Qumran “ a powder keg ” among normally placid scholars .
Qumran has prompted bitter feuds and even a recent criminal investigation .
Nobody doubts the scrolls ’ authenticity , but the question of authorship has implications for understanding the history of both Judaism and Christianity .
In 164 B.C. , a group of Jewish dissidents , the Maccabees , overthrew the Seleucid Empire that then ruled Judea .
The Maccabees established an independent kingdom and , in so doing , tossed out the priestly class that had controlled the temple in Jerusalem since the time of King Solomon .
The turmoil led to the emergence of several rival sects , each one vying for dominance .
If the Qumran texts were written by one such sect , the scrolls “ help us to understand the forces that operated after the Maccabean Revolt and how various Jewish groups reacted to those forces , ” says New York University professor of Jewish and Hebraic studies Lawrence Schiffman in his book Reclaiming the Dead Sea Scrolls .
“ While some sects were accommodating themselves to the new order in various ways , the Dead Sea group decided it had to leave Jerusalem altogether in order to continue its unique way of life . ”
And if Qumran indeed housed religious ascetics who turned their backs on what they saw as Jerusalem ’s decadence , then the Essenes may well represent a previously unknown link between Judaism and Christianity .
“ John the Baptizer , Jesus ’ teacher , probably learned from the Qumran Essenes — though he was no Essene , ” says James Charlesworth , a scrolls scholar at Princeton Theological Seminary .
Charlesworth adds that the scrolls “ disclose the context of Jesus ’ life and message . ”
Moreover , the beliefs and practices of the Qumran Essenes as described in the scrolls — vows of poverty , baptismal rituals and communal meals — mirror those of early Christians .
As such , some see Qumran as the first Christian monastery , the cradle of an emerging faith .
But Peleg and others discount Qumran ’s role in the history of the two religions .
Norman Golb , a University of Chicago professor of Jewish history ( and an academic rival of Schiffman ) , believes that once Galilee fell during the Jewish revolt , Jerusalem ’s citizens knew that the conquest of their city was inevitable ; they thus gathered up texts from libraries and personal collections and hid them throughout the Judean wilderness , including in the caves near the Dead Sea .
If that ’s the case , then Qumran was likely a secular — not a spiritual — site , and the scrolls reflect not just the views of a single dissident group of proto - Christians , but a wider tapestry of Jewish thought .
“ Further determination of the individual concepts and practices described in the scrolls can be best achieved not by forcing them to fit into the single sectarian bed of Essenism , ” Golb argued in the journal Biblical Archaeologist .
One assumption that is now widely accepted is that the majority of the scrolls did not originate at Qumran .
The earliest texts date to 300 B.C. — a century before Qumran even existed as a settlement — and the latest to a generation before the Romans destroyed the site in A.D. 68 .
A few scrolls are written in sophisticated Greek rather than a prosaic form of Aramaic or Hebrew that would be expected from a community of ascetics in the Judean desert .
And why would such a community keep a list , etched in rare copper , of precious treasures of gold and silver — possibly from the Second Temple in Jerusalem — that had been secreted away ?
Nor does the word “ Essene ” appear in any of the scrolls .
Of course none of this rules out the possibility that Qumran was a religious community of scribes .
Some scholars are not troubled that the Essenes are not explicitly mentioned in the scrolls , saying that the term for the sect is a foreign label .
Schiffman believes they were a splinter group of priests known as the Sadducees .
The notion that the scrolls are “ a balanced collection of general Jewish texts ” must be rejected , he writes in Biblical Archaeologist .
“ There is now too much evidence that the community that collected those scrolls emerged out of sectarian conflict and that [ this ] conflict sustained it throughout its existence . ”
Ultimately , however , the question of who wrote the scrolls is more likely to be resolved by archaeologists scrutinizing Qumran ’s every physical remnant than by scholars poring over the texts .
The dead sea scrolls amazed scholars with their remarkable similarity to later versions .
But there were also subtle differences .
For instance , one scroll expands on the book of Genesis : in Chapter 12 , when Abraham ’s wife Sarah is taken by the Pharaoh , the scroll depicts Sarah ’s beauty , describing her legs , face and hair .
And in Chapter 13 , when God commands Abraham to walk “ through the land in the length , ” the scroll adds a first - person account by Abraham of his journey .
The Jewish Bible , as accepted today , was the product of a lengthy evolution ; the scrolls offered important new insights into the process by which the text was edited during its formation .
The scrolls also set forth a series of detailed regulations that challenge the religious laws practiced by the priests in Jerusalem and espoused by other Jewish sects such as the Pharisees .
Consequently , scholars of Judaism consider the scrolls to be a missing link between the period when religious laws were passed down orally and the Rabbinic era , beginning circa A.D. 200 , when they were systematically recorded — eventually leading to the legal commentaries that became the Talmud .
For Christians as well , the scrolls are a source of profound insight .
Jesus is not mentioned in the texts , but as Florida International University scholar Erik Larson has noted , the scrolls have “ helped us understand better in what ways Jesus ’ messages represented ideas that were current in the Judaism of his time and in what ways [ they were ] distinctive . ”
One scroll , for example , mentions a messianic figure who is called both the “ Son of God ” and the “ Son of the Most High . ”
Many theologians had speculated that the phrase “ Son of God ” was adopted by early Christians after Jesus ’ crucifixion , in contrast to the pagan worship of the Roman emperors .
But the appearance of the phrase in the scrolls indicates the term was already in use when Jesus was preaching his gospel .
Whoever hid the scrolls from the Romans did a superb job .
The texts at Qumran remained undiscovered for nearly two millennia .
A few 19th - century European travelers examined what they assumed was an ancient fortress of no particular interest .
Then , near it in 1947 , a goat strayed into a cave , a Bedouin shepherd flung a stone into the dark cavern and the resulting clink against a pot prompted him to investigate .
He emerged with the first of what would be about 15,000 fragments of some 850 scrolls secreted in the many caves that pock the cliffs rising above the Dead Sea .
The 1948 Arab - Israeli War prevented a close examination of the Qumran ruins .
But after a fragile peace set in , a bearded and bespectacled Dominican monk named Roland de Vaux started excavations of the site and nearby caves in 1951 .
His findings of spacious rooms , ritual baths and the remains of gardens stunned scholars and the public alike .
He also unearthed scores of cylindrical jars , hundreds of ceramic plates and three inkwells in or near a room that he concluded had once contained high tables used by scribes .
Shortly before de Vaux began his work , a Polish scholar named Jozef Milik completed a translation of one scroll , “ The Rule of the Community , ” which lays out a set of strict regulations reminiscent of those followed by a sect of Jews mentioned in A.D. 77 by the Roman historian Pliny the Elder .
He called the sect members Essenes , and wrote that they lived along the western shore of the Dead Sea “ without women and renouncing love entirely , without money , and having for company only the palm trees . ”
Pliny ’s contemporary , historian Flavius Josephus , also mentions the Essenes in his account of the Jewish War : “ Whereas these men shun the pleasures as vice , they consider self - control and not succumbing to the passions virtue . ”
Based upon these references , de Vaux concluded that Qumran was an Essene community , complete with a refectory and a scriptorium — medieval terms for the places where monks dined and copied manuscripts .
Though he died in 1971 before publishing a comprehensive report , de Vaux ’s picture of Qumran as a religious community was widely accepted among his academic colleagues .
( Much of his Qumran material remains locked up in private collections in Jerusalem and Paris , out of reach of most scholars . )
By the 1980s , however , new data from other sites began casting doubt on his theory .
“ The old views have been outstripped by more recent discoveries , ” says Golb .
For example , we now know that Qumran was not the remote place it is today .
Two millennia ago , there was a thriving commercial trade in the region ; numerous settlements dotted the shore , while ships plied the sea .
Springs and runoff from the steep hills were carefully engineered to provide water for drinking and agriculture , and date palms and plants produced valuable resins used in perfume .
And while the heavily salinated sea lacked fish , it provided salt and bitumen , the substance used in ancient times to seal boats and mortar bricks .
Far from being a lonely and distant community of religious nonconformists , Qumran was a valuable piece of real estate — a day ’s donkey ride to Jerusalem , a two - hour walk to Jericho and a stroll to docks and settlements along the sea .
And a closer look at de Vaux ’s Qumran findings raises questions about his picture of a community that disdained luxuries and even money .
He uncovered more than 1,200 coins — nearly half of which were silver — as well as evidence of hewn stone columns , glass vessels , glass beads and other fine goods .
Some of it likely comes from later Roman occupation , but Belgian husband - and - wife archaeologists Robert Donceel and Pauline Donceel - Voute believe that most of the accumulated wealth indicates that Qumran was an estate — perhaps owned by a rich Jerusalem patrician — that produced perfume .
The massive fortified tower , they say , was a common feature of villas during a conflict - prone era in Judea .
And they note that Jericho and Ein Gedi ( a settlement nearly 20 miles south of Qumran ) were known throughout the Roman world as producers of the balsam resin used as a perfume base .
In a cave near Qumran , Israeli researchers found in 1988 a small round bottle that , according to lab analyses , contained the remains of resin .
De Vaux claimed that similar bottles found at Qumran were ink­wells .
But they might just as well have been vials of perfume .
Other theories abound .
Some think Qumran was a modest trading center .
British archaeologist David Stacey believes it was a tannery and that the jars found by de Vaux were for the collection of urine necessary for scouring skins .
He argues that Qumran ’s location was ideal for a tannery — between potential markets like Jericho and Ein Gedi .
For his part , Peleg believes Qumran went through several distinct stages .
As the morning heat mounts , he leads me up a steep ridge above the site , where a channel hewn into the rock brought water into the settlement .
From our high perch , he points out the foundations of a massive tower that once commanded a fine view of the sea to the east toward today ’s Jordan .
“ Qumran was a military post around 100 B.C. , ” he says .
“ We are one day from Jerusalem , and it fortified the northeast shore of the Dead Sea . ”
Other forts from this era are scattered among the rocky crags above the sea .
This was a period when the Nabateans — the eastern rivals of Rome — threatened Judea .
But Peleg says that once the Romans conquered the region , in 63 B.C. , there was no further need for such bases .
He believes out - of - work Judean soldiers and local families may have turned the military encampment to peaceful purposes , building a modest aqueduct that emptied into deep rectangular pools so that fine clay for making pots could settle .
“ Not every pool with steps is a ritual bath , ” he points out .
He thinks the former soldiers built eight kilns to produce pottery for the markets of Ein Gedi and Jericho , grew dates and possibly made perfume — until the Romans leveled the place during the Jewish insurrection .
But Peleg ’s view has won few adherents .
“ It ’s more interpretation than data , ” says Jodi Magness , an archaeologist at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill who shares de Vaux ’s view that the site was a religious community .
She says that some archaeologists — by refusing to acknowledge evidence that residents of Qumran hid the scrolls — are inclined to leap to conclusions since their research relies solely on the ambiguous , physical remains at the site .
Even jurisdiction over Qumran is a source of contention .
The site is located on the West Bank , where Palestinians and some Israeli archaeologists say that Peleg ’s excavations are illegal under international law .
The Qumran controversy took a bizarre turn last March , when Golb ’s son , Raphael , was arrested on charges of identity theft , criminal impersonation and aggravated harassment .
In a statement , the New York District Attorney ’s office says that Raphael “ engaged in a systematic scheme on the Internet , using dozens of Internet aliases , in order to influence and affect debate on the Dead Sea Scrolls , and in order to harass Dead Sea Scrolls scholars ” who disputed his father ’s findings .
The alleged target was Golb ’s old rival , Schiffman .
For his part , Raphael Golb entered a plea of not guilty on July 8 , 2009 .
The case has been adjourned until January 27 .
About the only thing that the adversaries seem to agree on is that money is at the root of the problem .
Popular books with new theories about Qumran sell , says Schiffman .
Golb notes that the traditional view of Qumran is more likely to attract tourists to the site .
Some scholars seek a middle ground .
Robert Cargill , an archaeologist at the University of California at Los Angeles , envisions Qumran as a fort that later sheltered a group producing not only scrolls but an income through tanning or pottery making .
It was a settlement , he says , “ that wanted to be self - reliant — the question is just how Jewish and just how devout they were . ”
Efforts at compromise have hardly quelled the conflicting theories .
Perhaps , as French archaeologist Jean - Baptiste Humbert suggests , Qumran scholars are shaped by their personal experience as well as by their research .
“ One sees what one wants to see , ” says Humbert , whether it ’s a monastery , a fort , a tannery or a manor house .
But the debate matters little to the thousands of visitors who flock to the Holy Land .
For them , Qumran remains the place where a modern - day miracle occurred — the unlikely discovery of sacred texts , saved from destruction to enlighten future generations about the word of God .
As I climb into Peleg ’s jeep for the quick trip back to Jerusalem , new crowds of tourists are exiting the buses .
Andrew Lawler , who lives in rural Maine , wrote about the Iranian city of Isfahan in the April 2009 issue of Smithsonian .
TK Maxx puts on sale toddler 's beloved home - made toy that she dropped in the store
It was only a stuffed sock with two button eyes and a wonky , hand - stitched mouth , but to Poppy Beazley it was a friendly dinosaur and her favourite toy .
So when her pink - and - black plaything Runny went missing on a shopping trip with her mother , the three - year - old was distraught .
Stephanie Beazley , 27 , contacted every shop they had visited and asked them to call her if the cuddly toy , which she had made for her daughter , turned up .
Reunited : Poppy Beazley with her toy dinosaur Runny , which is made from a stripey sock and has a wonky hand - stitched mouth
' When she lost it Poppy was really upset .
She loves it and takes it to bed with her every night , ' said Mrs Beazley , a shop worker from Collier Row , near Romford , Essex .
' It was late but we ran back through the shops we had been in , looking for him , but could n't see him . '
Mrs Beazley had given up hope when none of the stores returned her calls .
But on Monday , six weeks after the trip , her own mother rang to say she had seen Runny on a shelf at a TK Maxx in Romford - with a £ 3.99 price tag on it .
Relieved : Poppy Beazley , with mother Stephanie , whose mother spotted the toy for sale on her return to the TK Maxx store a month later
' My mother was so surprised .
She was sure it was Poppy 's toy so she took a photo of it with her phone and described it to me later on , ' she said .
' By that time it was 6 pm and the store closes at 7 pm .
I do n't drive so I called my husband and got him to leave work to pick it up straight away .
I said " You 've got to get it before someone buys it " .
' He spoke to the manager who thought it was quite funny and let him get it . '
She added : ' We all had a good laugh .
It was pretty obvious it was home made and not machine - made .
But he 's priceless !
Poppy 's grandmother spotted the well - loved Runny on sale in the cut - price designer store TK Maxx for just £ 3.99
' It was the first time I 've made anything like it so the stitching was wonky and the eyes were made of buttons .
I 'm quite flatterered they tried to sell it .'
The family believe staff must have discovered the toy and , when they failed to find it on the stock list , attached a price tag they thought was suitable .
TK Maxx yesterday apologised for the mix - up and said an investigation would be launched .
A spokesman added : ' We are taking this very seriously .
We can only apologise to Mrs Beazley and assure her a full investigation is underway . '
Poppy lost her favourite toy at this branch of TK Maxx
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
Just as the jocks like to stick together and nerds travel in packs , obsessives bordering on the psychotic ( like me ) seek out the acquaintance of others like themselves , in a manner that some say borders on the , well , the obsessive .
The first time I heard that the mineral content of water might have an effect on the properties of bread dough was about eight years ago , when I read Jeffrey Steingarten 's gloriously obsessive piece about Roman breads in the chapter titled " Flat Out " in his book It Must Have Been Something I Ate :
In the shower , the shampoo refuses to lather .
This means that Roman water is high in minerals , which can be good for the color and texture of bread , but slows fermentation and tightens the dough .
I reach for my scuba diver 's underwater writing slate , as seen on Baywatch , indispensable for recording those flashes of insight that so often strike one in the bath .
We must test the water of Rome .
Unfortunately , despite the heroic efforts he goes through to bring true pizza bianca and pane Genzano to the home cook , the water issue is never satisfactorily resolved .
Well , eight years later , I 've decided to try to resolve it for myself , along with the help of another obsessive : Mathieu Palombino , chef - owner of New York City 's Motorino , who kindly volunteered to aid me in my little experiment .
The idea is simple : minerals dissolved in water ( mostly magnesium and calcium ) can help proteins in the flour bond together more tightly , forming a stronger gluten structure , the network of interconnected proteins that give dough its strength and elasticity .
So the higher the mineral content of water ( measured in parts per million , or ppm ) , the stronger and chewier the dough .
In theory , it makes sense , and is easily provable in a laboratory .
The more interesting question to me is , are the effects of the minerals in the water ( referred to as Total Dissolved Solids , or TDS ) significant enough to be detected by a normal eater in real - world situation ?
To answer this question , Mathieu will make Neapolitan pizzas using waters with different TDS contents , the pizzas will be tasted and analyzed by a panel of the best pizza - eaters in the city , we will all pat each other on the back and rub ourselves on the belly , and put the matter to rest .
The problem is that the real world is , well , real , and as such , very difficult to control .
In any scientific endeavor , there are a number of key principles that must be adhered to if you want to ensure that your results are accurate and repeatable — the hallmark of any sound experiment .
I set about designing my test .
Key to Good Tastings # 1 : Eliminate Bias
Despite the best efforts of humanity , we have yet to invent a device that empirically measures precisely how delicious pizza crust is , so our best option is to resort to the crude analyses of our mouths .
Humans are notoriously bad at separating emotional responses to foods and food brands with the actual eating qualities of it ( see the second to last paragrph here for a bright , shining example of how emotional bias can utterly invalidate the results of a tasting ) , and the only way to eliminate this bias is with a double - blind tasting — a tasting in which neither the tasters , nor the ones preparing and serving the food know what is in each sample .
To do this , I first gather my waters - 5 different varieties of bottled waters with TDS contents ranging from less than 10 ppm ( the maximum allowable for " purified " waters ) , and all the way up to 370 ppm ( mineral water on the high end of the TDS scale ) , along with tap water .
I choose the following , because they were available at my local grocery :
Aquafina : less than 10 ppm
: less than 10 ppm Dasani : approximately 40 ppm
: approximately 40 ppm Tap water : approximately 60 ppm
: approximately 60 ppm Rochetta : 177 ppm
: 177 ppm San Benedetto : 252 ppm
: 252 ppm Evian : 370 ppm
I transfer all the waters into clean bottles simply marked with a number , making sure to carefully note which water was in each bottle .
This way , when I drop the bottles off at Motorino ( I do n't want to hand the bottles to Mathieu face - to - face , lest I reveal any information ) , Mathieu will have no idea what he is working with .
Normally I systematically ignore the advice of my better half , a PhD student in cryptography ( that 's the study of encryption , not the study tombs ) , but this time , in a break from my standard methodology , I shut up and listen to her for a change .
She suggests that in order to further decrease bias , and more important , to allow me to participate in the tasting as well , that she should rearrange the caps on all the bottles , taking note of which cap was moved to which bottle .
I get to participate in the tasting ?
Thanks , dear .
The result :
Two levels of encryption involving two different keys , neither one of which is useful on their own .
Neither myself , my wife , my tasters , nor our talented chef can know which water is in which bottle until after the tasting ( which I will now , thanks to my wonderful wife , be able to take part in while remaining unbiased ) .
Key to Good Tastings # 2 : Introduce a Control
The next step is to introduce an element into the tasting where I already know what the results should be .
That way , if the results vary , I 'll know that something is up .
In this case , I doubled up on both tap water , and on Evian , making a total of eight water samples .
If our testing procedure is sound , and our palates are as fine - tuned as I believe them to be , the crusts made with the exact same waters should be ranked very closely to each other in the tasting .
Keys to Good Tastings # 3 : Isolate the Variable
In the real world — particularly with cooking — there are an insane amount of variables to try and control for .
Perhaps that log in the wood - burning oven is gonna burn slightly hotter for pizza # 2 than for pizza # 1 , raising the temperature by a couple precious degrees .
Or maybe Mathieu will have to wait for a server with a load of dishes to pass by before inserting pizza # 5 into the oven , adding a few seconds to its trip .
My best hope is to control for absolutely everything that can be controlled , then simply hope for the best .
I ask Mathieu to precisely weigh the ingredients for each batch of dough , and to ensure that each batch is kneaded for the same period of time , and allowed to ferment at the same temperature .
While normally , the other pizzaioli at the restaurant take turns shaping , saucing , and baking the pizzas , this time Mathieu will personally make each one from start to finish , ensuring that the method used is as consistent as possible .
On top of these measures , I also decided to present each sample in two forms : as a fully completed Margherita pizza , and as a disk of dough baked on its own , to eliminate any variability that differences in topping distribution may be adding .
The latter method produces a ballooned , nicely charred , naanlike object .
Eating it is like opening a bag of microwave popcorn — you inevitably burn yourself on escaping steam , the pain giving your head an endorphin rush that makes the wave of pleasure that washes over you after taking the first , chewy - crisp bite even more intense .
Keys to Good Tastings # 4 : Stay Organized
Who better to taste pizzas than New York 's foremost pizza cognoscenti , Ed Levine and Adam Kuban ?
In addition , Alaina Browne of the Serious Eats team joins us , along with my wife ( as a concession to her good advice ) , and — through a miraculously fateful act of good networking — Jeffrey Steingarten himself ;
The very man who unknowingly started me down this path .
Before even arriving at the restaurant , I draw up some tasting sheets for my panel to fill out .
Each pizza is to be evaluated in four categories , on a scale from one to ten :
Dough Toughness :
Is it tender like cake , or as chewy as leather ?
Is it tender like cake , or as chewy as leather ?
Dough Crispness :
Does it crackle , or is it flaccid ?
Does it crackle , or is it flaccid ?
Oven Spring : Does it form large , airy bubbles , or is it compact and dense ?
Does it form large , airy bubbles , or is it compact and dense ?
Overall Quality : How do you like it ?
The first five tasters ( including myself ) arrive promptly at 4 p.m. , as scheduled , with chef Mathieu waiting for us .
Jeffrey , on the other hand , is nowhere to be seen — he had warned that he might be a bit late due to an important meeting .
Ed phones up his assistant .
Evidently , his important meeting is in his bed , with Sky King , his dog , but not to worry — his jacket is on , and he 's hard at work on his shoes .
Meanwhile , Mathieu informs us that he 's dropped half of the first sample on the floor , meaning that for that batch , we 'll only be tasting the straight - up Margherita on its own .
My perfectly orchestrated plans are beginning to slip , but a glass of brachetto and a small plate of fingerling potatoes tossed with anchovies and olives help me pull my senses back into focus .
Keys to Good Tastings # 5 : Watch Out for Palate Fatigue
As soon as Mr. Steingarten arrives fresh from his nap , I turn to Mathieu and give him the go - ahead .
He starts working , and within 3 minutes , the first leopard - spotted , tender - crisp beauty is on the table .
Eight pizzas and eight Unidentified Naanlike Objects between six people is a lot to consume in a single sitting , even for epic eaters like your humble tasting panel .
Good pizza is like listening to The Beatles on Revolver — it gets better and better every time you experience it .
But even so , try listening to it on repeat , and by the eighth time John exclaims , " I know what it 's like to be dead , " you 'll wish you did , too .
There 's no way the pizzas in the latter half of our tasting were going to get a fair showing if we ate our way straight through , so I we made sure to leave aside at least half of each pie in order to come back and compare them to each other again after all eight had been served .
During the tasting , we adhered to a strict regimen of wine , figuring that the benefits it gives us in improved appetite would outweigh its effect on our analytic ability .*
* This trick worked in all but Ed's case , who started forgetting to fill out parts of his comment sheet by pie # 6 .
Keys to Good Tastings # 6 : Taste
As I eat the pizzas , I try to eat each one in the exact same manner .
First , I select a slice from the pie with an across - pie - average degree of charring , bubbles , sauce , and cheese .
I then bite just the tip , feeling the pressure of the crust on my lower teeth to gauge its degree of crispness .
As I pull the slice away from my mouth , applying just a bare soupçon of torque , I note the effort it takes for the dough to tear .
Pizza # 5 is clearly tougher than the rest , I triumphantly think in my head .
It must certainly be one of the high - mineral samples .
After carefully working my way up the side of the slice , I evaluate the cornicione .
It 's hard to find fault with any of them — but does # 3 look just a shade paler than the rest , indicating a lower - mineral - content water ?
Could be .
But if so , why is n't it also more tender ?
I prudently decide to keep my predictions to myself until I 'm sure of the answers , at which point , I 'll happily and respectfully gloat .
We thank Mathieu for his incredible pizza ( the best in the city , for my money ) , and bravely make our separate ways through the night , several degrees more content , and several pounds heavier .
Keys to Good Tastings # 7 : Analyze
So what are the grand results of our carefully controlled tasting ?
After decoding our bottles , I chart everything together , reordering the data so that it starts from the waters with the lowest mineral content ( which should presumably deliver more more tender , softer , less sprung , paler dough ) , going to the highest , and convert it into a graph .
If everything went according to theory , the red and blue line should show a definite and steady increase as mineral content goes up , while the green line should show a definite and steady decrease .
This is clearly not the case , with the lines zig - zagging all over the place .
True , the two batches made with Evian — the highest mineral content of all the water we tried — delivered the crispest crusts , but overall , there is not enough of a trend in the data to make a definitive statement .
But the most interesting part of the graph is that every step up the red line takes , the purple line is right there along with it .
Apparently , our overall enjoyment of pizza crust is strongly related to how crisp it is .
I am confident that a secret underground laboratory at Domino 's headquarters came to this same conclusion back in 1993 , prompting them to overcompensate for its normal doughy fare by rolling out its
Thin Crust line .
Lesson learned ?
As far as pizza goes , use whatever water you want .
Mathieu uses Lower East Side tap water .
Clearly , the small differences that arise naturally in the course of making a good pizza by hand far outweigh the minor differences that water could make .
My next goal : Figure out the crispness break - even point — the point at which the purple quality line stops following the red crispness line .
Anyone care to help me ?
Related
The Food Lab : Perfect Boiled Eggs
The Food Lab : How to Cook a Perfect Prime Rib
The Food Lab : The Importance of Resting Meat
The Manhattan Motorino : Is It as Good as the Brooklyn Location ? »
First Taste : Motorino Pizza Is Awesome »
Ortine vs. Motorino : Two Breakfast Pizzas in Brooklyn »
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
Independent candidate for Dawson Robert Jameson believes earth ’s plague of humans needs to be controlled and population growth halted in order to combat climate change .
Independent candidate for Dawson Robert Jameson believes earth ’s plague of humans needs to be controlled and population growth halted in order to combat climate change .
Peter Holt
ON planet earth there lives a plague of humans , or so independent candidate for Dawson Robert Jameson believes .
The Mackay taxi driver and amateur scientist believes in order to combat climate change the plague needs to be controlled and population growth halted .
And it is on that premise that Mr Jameson decided to run for the seat in this year ’s federal election .
He will not discuss other issues and will campaign solely on the idea that curbing population is the way to halt climate change .
Mr Jameson said he was sick of hearing talk about and various solutions to climate change when in the end there was only one viable solution .
“ Everybody talks about climate change but there is one solution to it and that is less people , ” Mr Jameson said .
“ We need to cut out our immigration intake and we need to stop paying the baby bonus .
“ People should be discouraged from having large families and we should tie our overseas aid to family planning , ” he said .
“ Otherwise they take the money and then we get boats of refugees asking for help .
“ We have got African countries there that refuse to even provide condoms . ”
Mr Jameson , who has worked in various professions including recruitment , hospitality and taxi driving , also has been a member of various political parties .
“ I was a member of the Australian Labor Party for about 20 years on and off , ” he said .
He has also been a member of the Liberal Party of Australia and the Greens over the last few decades .
“ But they all run with issues that they think are popular and will win votes .
“ They do n’t want to deal with the hard issues . ”
Originally from South Australia , Mr Jameson moved to Mackay about four years ago , and currently works as a taxi driver .
He calls himself an amateur scientist and is in the process of writing a book about evolutionary biology .
The issue of population is one that every person in the Dawson electorate needs to prioritise , Mr Jameson said .
“ If you are a human being and you have kids and you want to pass on a liveable world to your kids and grandkids this is an issue for you , ” Mr Jameson said .
“ I am a single issue candidate .
On planet earth we have a plague of humans . ”
Vision for Dawson and Australia
DAVOS , Switzerland —
The International Monetary Fund is planning a 100 billion dollar fund to help countries mitigate the effects of climate change , the agency ’s head said .
“ The new growth model will be low carbon , ” Dominique Strauss - Kahn , managing director of the IMF , told political and business leaders meeting at the World Economic Forum in the Swiss ski resort of Davos this weekend .
ADVERTISEMENT
Efforts to deal with climate change could not be blocked “ just because we cannot meet the financing needs , ” he said .
Developing countries do not have the funds for these adaptation measures , and developed countries ’ ability to pay is also limited as they are now weighed down by debt after funds were used to deal with the financial crisis .
It was therefore necessary to “ think out of the box ” on the issue of funding , the IMF chief said .
“ We ’ll have to find innovative ways to finance it , ” Strauss - Khan said on Saturday .
“ We ’re going to provide some ideas , built around a Green Fund devoted to finance 100 billion dollars ( 72 billion euros ) a year which is the figure currently accepted for addressing the problem based on the capitalisation coming from central banks , backed by special drawing rights issued by the fund , ” he said .
ADVERTISEMENT
Special drawing rights are an international reserve asset created by the IMF in 1969 as a supplement to member states ’ official reserves .
They can be exchanged for common currencies .
The IMF said on its website that it would issue a paper detailing ideas on how the fund would be financed .
The United Nations has said that governments should invest in the green sector as they try to create new jobs in the wake of the economic crisis , as it would also help move towards a greener society .
ADVERTISEMENT
Azim Premji , who chairs India ’s Wipro corporation noted that the issues of tackling climate change and reducing poverty could be addressed together .
“ To me , if you combine these two challenges , they present an opportunity .
The key is to look at the very fundamental fact that the developing world has still to build most of its energy infrastructure ( and ) physical infrastructure , and to buy most of its consumer goods , ” he said in remarks published on the WEF ’s website .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ This very simple fact — that the developing world does not have these things — is the great opportunity for tackling climate change and ecological sustainability . ”
Jamie Drummond , Executive Director of campaign group ONE which was co-founded by U2 singer Bono , said the IMF ’s move for a green fund was a “ significant and positive development which , if approved in its most positive form , could seriously help catalyse the financing of a transition to low - carbon economic growth in developing countries . ”
However , the advocacy group said that large sums of financing are still needed on top of the IMF fund to help poor countries deal with the effects of climate change immediately .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ As the fund would give concessional loans this does not replace the need for significant additional grant financing to help the poorest countries adapt right now to the impacts of climate change , ” said the group .
The IMF ’s plans must be “ urgently analysed … and then the solutions must be urgently implemented , ” it said .
In an 11th - hour deal , the Copenhagen Accord emerged out of the UN ’s global summit on climate change in December .
The accord calls for limiting warming to two degrees Celsius ( 3.6 degrees Fahrenheit ) , the threshold set by many climate scientists .
ADVERTISEMENT
It also commits rich countries to paying out around 30 billion dollars in total over the next three years , and 100 billion dollars annually by 2020 , to help poor nations fight climate change and cope with its consequences .
Countries are being asked to indicate by Sunday if they will endorse the deal .
Luke Sharrett / The New York Times
Updated , 4:30 p.m. BALTIMORE — President Obama and the Congressional Republicans who have opposed him engaged in a lively and robust public debate this afternoon over health care , the economy and who was more to blame for the toxic atmosphere clouding the nation ’s politics .
Mr. Obama visited the House Republican retreat here in an attempt to break through the partisan logjam that has helped stall his legislative agenda .
What ensued was a remarkable encounter in which a president spoke to an essentially hostile crowd for an hour and half , sparring with the leadership of the opposition party in a way that is rarely seen in carefully scripted American politics .
The Republicans pressed Mr. Obama on why he had disregarded their ideas on generating more jobs and fixing health care without blowing up the deficit .
Mr. Obama replied that he did consider many of their suggestions and incorporated some into his initiatives but found others unworkable .
For his part , he complained that the Republicans had caricatured him as a radical and his health care plan as “ a Bolshevik plot ” on America .
“ I am not an ideologue , ” Mr. Obama said at one point , drawing murmurs from the crowd .
“ I ’m not . ”
But if he rejected the Republican labels , so did they reject the ones he and Democrats have applied to them .
“ I can look you in the eye and tell you we have not been obstructionists , ” Representative Jason Chaffetz , a freshman from Utah , told him .
The encounter at a Baltimore hotel was unlike any of Mr. Obama ’s presidency or very many other presidencies , for that matter .
While he met with the Republican caucus once before and occasionally invites Republican leaders to the White House , they have never opened their dialogue to the public in a sustained way so that it could be broadcast live on national television .
His predecessors likewise generally did not engage the opposition in a public back and forth .
Whether it will change the dynamics of a polarized capital or not remained unclear .
Neither side gave much in terms of policy even as they professed interest in moving past the bitterness of the past year and working together .
But Mr. Obama promised to invite Republican leaders to the White House once a month this year to talk through issues with him and Democratic leaders , and both sides walked out struck by a debate that was unusually substantive and civil in the context of a poisonous political era .
“ Both sides can take some blame for a sour climate on Capitol Hill , ” Mr. Obama told the Republicans before leaving .
“ What I can do maybe to help is to try to bring Republican and Democratic leadership together on a more regular basis with me .
That ’s I think a failure on my part . ”
Traditionally at annual party retreats , the president gives a short speech that is open to the public and media , then the doors are shut for a more candid question - and - answer session .
Republicans said they initially did not ask the White House if the president ’s entire appearance could be public since they did not expect it would consent .
But late Thursday , the White House asked if the exchange with the lawmakers could be televised .
Republicans decided this morning that they would allow media coverage , rather than be portrayed as wanting to keep the session private since they have been promoting themselves as advocates of government transparency .
Republican strategists were uncertain about the decision , worrying that it would allow the president to gain the upper hand in the public perception of the event , because of his skill in such settings .
And Mr. Obama did show a strong command of the issues and deflect some of the Republican criticisms of his handling of them .
He pointedly noted that while Republicans have assailed his economic stimulus package , “ some of you have been at the ribbon - cuttings for some of these important projects in your communities . ”
But Republicans said they believed they achieved a victory as well , demonstrating that while Democrats might not like some of their policy ideas , they have advanced some proposals — as evidenced by the president ’s acknowledgment that he has read them and that some ideas have been incorporated into his initiatives .
“ For him to say I have read your proposals and they are substantive proposals , that is a huge thing for Republicans , ” Representative Jeff Flake , Republican of Arizona , said .
Just to make the point that they have been more than the “ Party of No , ” Representative John A. Boehner of Ohio , the House minority leader , as he introduced the president , handed him a booklet called “ Better Solutions ” compiling a variety of Republican ideas that they said the president had ignored or resisted over the last year .
“ We do n’t expect you to agree with us on every one of our solutions , ” Mr. Boehner said , “ but we do hope that you and your administration will consider them . ”
Following the session , the Republican leadership struck a conciliatory tone and said they hoped that the meeting could be the beginning of a more productive relationship following a year of intense discord .
“ We ’re not always going to agree , but I think it did become clear in the conversation today with the president that there are issues and items that we do agree upon , ” said Mr. Boehner .
“ But when they ’re lumped together in 2,000 - page bills and 1,000 - page bills , typically what we find is a lot of things in the bills that we disagree with .
“ And so if we can break these down into smaller bites , smaller bills , we will be able to find that more common ground , and find ways to work together . ”
The president began by the session by giving a short speech .
“ I do n’t believe the American people want us to focus on our job security .
They want us to focus on their job security , ” he said , drawing applause from the Republicans .
“ I do n’t think they want more gridlock .
I do n’t think they want more partisanship .
I do n’t think they want more obstruction .
They did n’t send us to Washington to fight each other in some sort of steel - cage match to see who comes out alive . ”
But he encouraged a vigorous debate and seemed to enjoy the give and take with his critics .
“ I ’m a big believer not just in the value of a loyal opposition but in its necessity , ” the president said .
Asked at one point if he had to leave or could take more questions , Mr. Obama agreed to answer more , saying : “ You know , I ’m having fun . ”
See the related article by David M. Herszenhorn on fact - checking the session .
And a related post by Brian Stelter on C - Span ’s plans to rebroadcast the session at 8 p.m .
Apple has taken action against app developer Molinker over alleged review fraud , resulting in the removal of all 1,000 of the company 's apps .
Thanks to the detective work of one intrepid app store enthusiast , Molinker - developer of close to one percent of all the apps available on the App Store - has been banned from the App Store and all of its apps have been removed .
The issue was first brought to light by photo blog iPhoneography in a post highlighting the concerns of one of its regular readers .
Reader SCW had concluded that app developer Molinker had been using its promo codes to write fake 5 - star reviews of many of its apps .
Each review shared the same short , disjointed style and the reviewers had only written reviews for other Molinker apps .
In a letter to Apple executive Phil Schiller , SCW laid out the case :
I would like to highly suggest to take a deep look into not only the ' reviewers ' but I will almost bet that all of these users redeemed ' Promo Codes ' for these apps in order to only access the US app store & publish these endless slew of fake postings .
All to increase the developers ratings , status , sales & ultimately have a pay - off when potential customers see such high ratings & then just buy the apps .
After sending the email , Phil Schiller responded that Apple would look into the issue .
On Sunday , both SCW and iPhoneography received word from Schiller confirming " Yes , this developer 's apps have been removed from the App Store and their ratings no long appear either . "
Molinker was a particularly prolific app developer , with over 1,000 apps appearing in the store .
The great majority of its apps dealt with photography , travel , and public transportation .
AppFreak was able to contact Molinker about the issue and received the following response :
We got email from Apple yesterday which told us our contract is changed to pending status .
Actually we do not know what 's wrong so far .
We had contacted Apple for such sudden changes , hope we can get quick response and actions from Apple .
The temporary marks left on your skin by say a watch or a bra once removed .
This usage is mainly in the Black Country area of Britain
I got some propper gamming on my wrist , i took my watch off an hour ago and you can still see it .
Think Again : Nuclear Weapons
" " Nuclear Weapons Are the Greatest Threat to Humankind . "
No .
But you might think so if you listen to world leaders right now .
In his first address to the U.N. Security Council , U.S. President Barack Obama warned apocalyptically , " Just one nuclear weapon exploded in a city — be it New York or Moscow , Tokyo or Beijing , London or Paris — could kill hundreds of thousands of people .
And it would badly destabilize our security , our economies , and our very way of life . "
Obama has put nuclear disarmament back on the table in a way it has n’t been for decades by vowing to pursue a nuclear - free world , and , with a handful of big treaty negotiations in the works , he seems to think 2010 has become a critical year
But the conversation is based on false assumptions .
Nuclear weapons certainly are the most destructive devices ever made , as Obama often reminds us , and everyone from peaceniks to neocons seems to agree .
But for more than 60 years now all they ’ve done is gather dust while propagandists and alarmists exaggerate their likelihood of exploding — it was a certainty one would go off in 10 years , C.P. Snow authoritatively proclaimed in 1960 — and nuclear metaphysicians spin fancy theories about how they might be deployed and targeted .
Nuclear weapons have had a tremendous influence on the world ’s agonies and obsessions , inspiring desperate rhetoric , extravagant theorizing , and frenetic diplomatic posturing .
However , they have had very limited actual impact , at least since World War II .
Even the most ingenious military thinkers have had difficulty coming up with realistic ways nukes could conceivably be applied on the battlefield ; moral considerations aside , it is rare to find a target that ca n’t be struck just as well by conventional weapons .
Indeed , their chief " use " was to deter the Soviet Union from instituting Hitler - style military aggression , a chimera considering that historical evidence shows the Soviets never had genuine interest in doing anything of the sort .
In other words , there was nothing to deter .
Instead , nukes have done nothing in particular , and have done that very well .
They have , however , succeeded in being a colossal waste of money — an authoritative 1998 Brookings Institution study showed the United States had spent $ 5.5 trillion on nukes since 1940 , more than on any program other than Social Security .
The expense was even more ludicrous in the cash - starved Soviet Union .
And that does not include the substantial loss entailed in requiring legions of talented nuclear scientists , engineers , and technicians to devote their careers to developing and servicing weapons that have proved to have been significantly unnecessary and essentially irrelevant .
In fact , the only useful part of the expenditure has been on devices , protocols , and policies to keep the bombs from going off , expenditures that would , of course , not be necessary if they did n’t exist .
" Obama ’s Plan to Eliminate Nuclear Weapons Is a Good One . "
Not necessarily .
Obama ’s plan , unveiled before the world in a speech in Prague last April , represents an ambitious attempt to rid the world of nukes .
Under the president ’s scheme , developing countries would have access to an internationally monitored bank of nuclear fuel but would be barred from producing weapons - grade materials themselves .
Existing warheads would be secured , and major powers such as Russia and the United States would pledge to scale back their weapons programs .
In September , the U.N. General Assembly passed a resolution in support of Obama ’s proposal , giving his massive project some institutional backing .
But all of this is scarcely needed .
Nuclear weapons are already disappearing , and elaborate international plans like the one Obama is pushing are n’t needed to make it happen .
During the Cold War , painstakingly negotiated treaties did little to advance the cause of disarmament — and some efforts , such as the 1972 SALT Agreement , made the situation worse from a military standpoint .
With the easing of tensions after the Cold War , a sort of negative arms race has taken place , and the weapons have been going away more or less by themselves as policymakers wake up to the fact that having fewer useless things is cheaper than having more of them .
By 2002 , the number of deployed warheads in Russian and U.S. arsenals had dropped from 70,000 to around 30,000 , and it now stands at less than 10,000 .
" Real arms control , " wistfully reflected former U.S. assistant secretary of state for arms control Avis Bohlen in an essay last May , " became possible only when it was no longer necessary . "
Indeed , both sides have long found that arms reductions were made more difficult if they were accomplished through explicit mutual agreements requiring that an exquisitely nuanced arrangement be worked out for every abandoned nut and bolt .
In 1991 , for example , the Americans announced that they were unilaterally reducing tactical nuclear weapons , and the Soviet Union soon followed , a development hailed by a close observer , Brown University scholar Nina Tannenwald , as " the most radical move to date to reverse the arms race " and a " dramatic move away from ‘ warfighting ’ nuclear postures . "
This " radical " and " dramatic " feat was accomplished entirely without formal agreement .
For the most part , the formal arms - control process has been left trying to catch up with reality .
When the U.S. Senate in 1992 ratified a nuclear arms reduction treaty , both sides had already moved to reduce their weapons even further than required by that agreement .
France has also unilaterally cut its arsenal very substantially — though explaining why France needs any nukes is surely a problématique worthy of several impenetrable dissertations .
( Perhaps to threaten former colonies that might otherwise abandon French for English ? )
The British , too , are under domestic political pressure to cut their nuclear arsenal as they wrestle with how many of their aging nuclear subs they need to hang on to ( how about : none ? ) , and the Chinese have built far fewer of the weapons than they could have — they currently stock just 180 .
A negative arms race is likely to be as chaotic , halting , ambiguous , self - interested , and potentially reversible as a positive one .
However , history suggests that arms reduction will happen best if arms negotiators keep out of the way .
Formal disarmament agreements of the kind Obama seeks are likely simply to slow and clutter the process .
But all nukes are not likely to vanish entirely , no matter the method .
Humanity invented these weapons , and there will still be nuclear metaphysicians around , spinning dark , improbable , and spooky theoretical scenarios to justify their existence .
" A Nuclear Explosion Would Cripple the U.S. Economy . "
Only if Americans let it .
Although former CIA chief George Tenet insists in his memoirs that one " mushroom cloud " would " destroy our economy , " he never bothers to explain how the instant and tragic destruction of three square miles somewhere in the United States would lead inexorably to national economic annihilation .
A nuclear explosion in , say , New York City — as Obama so darkly invoked — would obviously be a tremendous calamity that would roil markets and cause great economic hardship , but would it extinguish the rest of the country ?
Would farmers cease plowing ?
Would manufacturers close their assembly lines ?
Would all businesses , governmental structures , and community groups evaporate ?
Americans are highly unlikely to react to an atomic explosion , however disastrous , by immolating themselves and their economy .
In 1945 , Japan weathered not only two nuclear attacks but intense nationwide conventional bombing ; the horrific experience did not destroy Japan as a society or even as an economy .
Nor has persistent , albeit nonnuclear , terrorism in Israel caused that state to disappear — or to abandon democracy .
Even the notion that an act of nuclear terrorism would cause the American people to lose confidence in the government is belied by the traumatic experience of Sept. 11 , 2001 , when expressed confidence in America ’s leaders paradoxically soared .
And it contradicts decades of disaster research that documents how socially responsible behavior increases under such conditions — seen yet again in the response of those evacuating the World Trade Center on 9/11 .
" Terrorists Could Snap Up Russia ’s Loose Nukes . "
That ’s a myth .
It has been soberly , and repeatedly , restated by Harvard University ’s Graham Allison and others that Osama bin Laden gave a group of Chechens $ 30 million in cash and two tons of opium in exchange for 20 nuclear warheads .
Then there is the " report " about how al Qaeda acquired a Russian - made suitcase nuclear bomb from Central Asian sources that had a serial number of 9999 and could be exploded by mobile phone .
If these attention - grabbing rumors were true , one might think the terrorist group ( or its supposed Chechen suppliers ) would have tried to set off one of those things by now or that al Qaeda would have left some trace of the weapons behind in Afghanistan after it made its very rushed exit in 2001 .
Instead , nada .
It turns out that getting one ’s hands on a working nuclear bomb is actually very difficult .
In 1998 , a peak year for loose nuke stories , the head of the U.S. Strategic Command made several visits to Russian military bases and pointedly reported , " I want to put to bed this concern that there are loose nukes in Russia .
My observations are that the Russians are indeed very serious about security . "
Physicists Richard Garwin and Georges Charpak have reported , however , that this forceful firsthand testimony failed to persuade the intelligence community " perhaps because it [ had ] access to varied sources of information . "
A decade later , with no credible reports of purloined Russian weapons , it rather looks like it was the general , not the spooks , who had it right .
By all reports ( including Allison ’s ) , Russian nukes have become even more secure in recent years .
It is scarcely rocket science to conclude that any nuke stolen in Russia is far more likely to go off in Red Square than in Times Square .
The Russians seem to have had no difficulty grasping this fundamental reality .
Setting off a stolen nuke might be nearly impossible anyway , outside of TV’s 24 and disaster movies .
Finished bombs are routinely outfitted with devices that will trigger a nonnuclear explosion to destroy the bomb if it is tampered with .
And , as Stephen Younger , former head of nuclear weapons research and development at Los Alamos National Laboratory , stresses , only a few people in the world know how to cause an unauthorized detonation of a nuclear weapon .
Even weapons designers and maintenance personnel do not know the multiple steps necessary .
In addition , some countries , including Pakistan , store their weapons disassembled , with the pieces in separate secure vaults .
" Al Qaeda Is Searching for a Nuclear Capability . "
Prove it .
Al Qaeda may have had some interest in atomic weapons and other weapons of mass destruction ( WMD ) .
For instance , a man who defected from al Qaeda after he was caught stealing $ 110,000 from the organization — " a lovable rogue , " " fixated on money , " who " likes to please , " as one FBI debriefer described Jamal al - Fadl — has testified that members tried to purchase uranium in the mid-1990s , though they were scammed and purchased bogus material .
There are also reports that bin Laden had " academic " discussions about WMD in 2001 with Pakistani nuclear scientists who did not actually know how to build a bomb .
But the Afghanistan invasion seems to have cut any schemes off at the knees .
As analyst Anne Stenersen notes , evidence from an al Qaeda computer left behind in Afghanistan when the group beat a hasty retreat indicates that only some $ 2,000 to $ 4,000 was earmarked for WMD research , and that was mainly for very crude work on chemical weapons .
For comparison , she points out that the Japanese millennial terrorist group , Aum Shinrikyo , appears to have invested $ 30 million in its sarin gas manufacturing program .
Milton Leitenberg of the Center for International and Security Studies at the University of Maryland - College Park quotes Ayman al - Zawahiri as saying that the project was " wasted time and effort . "
Even former International Atomic Energy Agency inspector David Albright , who is more impressed with the evidence found in Afghanistan , concludes that any al Qaeda atomic efforts were " seriously disrupted " — indeed , " nipped in the bud " — by the 2001 invasion of Afghanistan and that after the invasion the " chance of al Qaeda detonating a nuclear explosive appears on reflection to be low . "
" Fabricating a Bomb Is ‘ Child ’s Play . ’ "
Hardly .
An editorialist in Nature , the esteemed scientific journal , did apply that characterization to the manufacture of uranium bombs , as opposed to plutonium bombs , last January , but even that seems an absurd exaggeration .
Younger , the former Los Alamos research director , has expressed his amazement at how " self - declared ‘ nuclear weapons experts , ’ many of whom have never seen a real nuclear weapon , " continue to " hold forth on how easy it is to make a functioning nuclear explosive . "
Uranium is " exceptionally difficult to machine , " he points out , and " plutonium is one of the most complex metals ever discovered , a material whose basic properties are sensitive to exactly how it is processed . "
Special technology is required , and even the simplest weapons require precise tolerances .
Information on the general idea for building a bomb is available online , but none of it , Younger says , is detailed enough to " enable the confident assembly of a real nuclear explosive . "
A failure to appreciate the costs and difficulties of a nuclear program has led to massive overestimations of the ability to fabricate nuclear weapons .
As the 2005 Silberman - Robb commission , set up to investigate the intelligence failures that led to the Iraq war , pointed out , it is " a fundamental analytical error " to equate " procurement activity with weapons system capability . "
That is , " simply because a state can buy the parts does not mean it can put them together and make them work . "
For example , after three decades of labor and well over $ 100 million in expenditures , Libya was unable to make any progress whatsoever toward an atomic bomb .
Indeed , much of the country ’s nuclear material , surrendered after it abandoned its program , was still in the original boxes .
" Iranian and North Korean Nukes Are Intolerable . "
Not unless we overreact .
North Korea has been questing after nuclear capability for decades and has now managed to conduct a couple of nuclear tests that seem to have been mere fizzles .
It has also launched a few missiles that have hit their presumed target , the Pacific Ocean , with deadly accuracy .
It could do far more damage in the area with its artillery .
If the Iranians do break their solemn pledge not to develop nuclear weapons ( perhaps in the event of an Israeli or U.S. airstrike on their facilities ) , they will surely find , like all other countries in our nuclear era , that the development has been a waste of time ( it took Pakistan 28 years ) and effort ( is Pakistan , with its enduring paranoia about India and a growing jihadi threat , any safer today ? ) .
Moreover , Iran will most likely " use " any nuclear capability in the same way all other nuclear states have : for prestige ( or ego - stoking ) and deterrence .
Indeed , as strategist and Nobel laureate Thomas Schelling suggests , deterrence is about the only value the weapons might have for Iran .
Such devices , he points out , " should be too precious to give away or to sell " and " too precious to ‘ waste ’ killing people " when they could make other countries " hesitant to consider military action . "
If a nuclear Iran brandishes its weapons to intimidate others or get its way , it will likely find that those threatened , rather than capitulating or rushing off to build a compensating arsenal , will ally with others ( including conceivably Israel ) to stand up to the intimidation .
The popular notion that nuclear weapons furnish a country with the ability to " dominate " its area has little or no historical support — in the main , nuclear threats over the last 60 years have either been ignored or met with countervailing opposition , not with timorous acquiescence .
It was conventional military might — grunts and tanks , not nukes — that earned the United States and the Soviet Union their respective spheres of influence during the Cold War .
In his 2008 campaign , Obama pointedly pledged that , as president , he would " do everything in my power to prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon … everything . "
Let us hope not :
The anti-proliferation sanctions imposed on Iraq in the 1990s probably led to more deaths than the bombs dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki , and the same can be said for the ongoing war in Iraq , sold as an effort to root out Saddam Hussein ’s nukes .
There is nothing inherently wrong with making nonproliferation a high priority , so long as it is topped with a somewhat higher one : avoiding policies that can lead to the deaths of tens or hundreds of thousands of people under the obsessive sway of worst - case - scenario fantasies .
Obama has achieved much in his first year as president on foreign policy through toning down rhetoric , encouraging openness toward international consultation and cooperation , and helping revise America ’s image as a threatening and arrogant loose cannon .
That ’s certainly something to build on in year two .
The forging of nuclear arms reduction agreements , particularly with the Russians , could continue the process .
Although these are mostly feel - good efforts that might actually hamper the natural pace of nuclear - arms reductions , there is something to be said for feeling good .
Reducing weapons that have little or no value may not be terribly substantive , but it is one of those nice gestures that can have positive atmospheric consequences — and one that can appear to justify certain Nobel awards .
The confrontations with Iran and North Korea over their prospective or actual nukes are more problematic .
Obama and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton have already contributed big time to the hysteria that has become common coin within the foreign - policy establishment on this issue .
It is fine to apply diplomacy and bribery in an effort to dissuade those countries from pursuing nuclear weapons programs :
We ’d be doing them a favor , in fact .
But , though it may be heresy to say so , the world can live with a nuclear Iran or North Korea , as it has lived now for 45 years with a nuclear China , a country once viewed as the ultimate rogue .
If push eventually comes to shove in these areas , the solution will be a familiar one : to establish orderly deterrent and containment strategies and avoid the temptation to lash out mindlessly at phantom threats .
The New York State Assembly had passed a gay marriage bill before , but the measure always ended up dead in the state Senate .
Today , that will change .
Sometime today , the NY Senate will vote during its special session to legalize gay marriage .
The Albany Project has a look at where the votes might come from , since the measure is opposed by at least two Democrats , and possibly five , it will require several Republicans to pass .
Supporters are confident that the votes are there .
Since this is a special session , the previous Assembly vote was inoperative and the measure needed to pass the chamber again .
Mission accomplished last night , as the Assembly revote on it after a 1 minute debate .
Two years ago , the debate lasted three hours .
This morning , the Senate passed the gay marriage bill out of its rules committee .
There should be four hours debate on the measure later today .
Once it passes , Gov. Patterson will sign it as quick as he can .
He has been the main driver of making this happen this year .
Assuming all goes well , he 'll deserve a big part of the credit .
The best part ?
There are no citizen initiatives able to overturn this in New York .
By the end of the week , we may have full marriage equality in New York , and done the way the haters claim it should be done -- not by judicial action , but by legislative action .
After California last year , and Maine this year , we supporters of equality certainly needed this , and it will certainly help kick start lost momentum .
In New Jersey , the impetus for a vote this year had ebbed after the election , as Republican supporters defected in fear of teabagger ideologues .
I 'm hearing that up to five of the eight pro-equality Republican state Senators in the Garden State flipped post-election , enough to doom the measure .
Still , over 200 prominent state Democrats signed a letter demanding a vote this year , while Gov. Corzine is still in office and able to sign such a bill into a law .
Signatures included two US Reps ( Rothman and Holt ) , Newark Mayor Corey Booker ( a future governor and presidential contender ) , and some of the state 's biggest Democratic donors .
The letter has apparently worked , and gay marriage should get that vote .
As mentioned , the votes are n't probably there , so we should n't get our hopes up .
Republicans are really fearful of primary challenges if they stray from party orthodoxy ( remember the RNC 's proposed litmus test ) , and there are enough Democratic bigots to likely sink the effort .
But a vote will put everyone on record , and equality forces can begin targeting those elected officials who do n't agree on civil rights for all .
So if all goes well , New York will have a marriage equality law by the end of the week ( if not by the end of today ) , while New Jersey will be one step closer to that dream .
Watch the debate in the NY Senate here .
LONDON  Millions of British Airways customers breathed a sigh of relief Thursday after a British court ordered unions to call off a strike by cabin crew five days before it was scheduled to start .
Other travelers , however , may still have to brave disruption to their holiday travel plans as some baggage handlers at London Heathrow and Aberdeen airports and British drivers of the Eurostar train stick to plans for a strike .
The High Court ruled Thursday that a strike vote by Unite , the union that organizes the British Airways cabin crew , was invalid because it included workers who had already agreed to leave the airline .
British Airways sought the injunction to avoid a 12 - day strike that would have started Tuesday , grounding as many as 7,000 flights and costing the airline millions of pounds .
Vor 15 Jahren , als Drum & Bass noch Jungle genannt wurde , produzierte die englische BBC eine Dokumentation über die damalige Szene in London .
Zu Wort kommen unter anderem LTJ Bukem , Fabio , UK Apache und Shy FX .
Im dritten Teil des Berichtes gibt es eine interessante Diskussion um die zunehmende Kommerzialisierung von Jungle und den Chart - Erfolg von M-Beat und General Levy ’s „ Incredible “ , was schliesslich zur Abspaltung des Drum & Bass von Jungle geführt und die große Darkness - Welle der Endneunziger ausgelöst hat .
Via : http://www.nerdbanite.com/2009/12/bbc-2-jungle-documentary-1994/
[ photo courtesy of Amanda M. Hatfield ]
Acidjack reports :
“ The Dirty Projectors are the band you ’d get if some Ivy League music majors decided to convert their acappella group into a rock band .
Or perhaps , they are , almost , the band we * did* get .
If you do n’t own Bitte Orca , their excellent album from this year , go out and buy it now , before you do n’t own the album that will top all of this year ’s “ best of ” lists .
Experiencing this band live , it is even more striking just how * musical * this band is .
Quite frankly , I lack the music theory vocabulary to explain what it is they ’re doing up there , but the complexity in their compositions – from the vocal harmonies to the song structures – is evident to even the untutored ear .
This night , closing out an almost weeklong run in their home town , saw the Projectors in fine form , playing a nearly 90 minute set ( including an acoustic set ) that closed out with special guest star David Byrne , as well as an appearance by The Roots .
Not since Kid A has a band moved rock music this far forward this quickly , and , like Kid A , challenged the most basic notions about what “ rock ” music is – and could be .
I recorded this set in the center with my new DPA 4021s .
Thanks to the combination of the band ’s extremely talented sound engineers , the respectful crowd , and the top - flight equipment , the sound is excellent .
Enjoy ! ”
NYCTaper would like to acknowledge and thank David Longstreth and Domino Records for their kind permission to post this recording .
Direct download of MP3 files ( HERE )
[ edit : some formats are having problems extracting track 08 of the mp3s due to the syntax of the multi-song title .
An alternative Track 08 is here ]
Download the Complete show in FLAC [ HERE ] .
The Dirty Projectors
2009 -11-22
Bowery Ballroom
New York , NY
An ACIDJACK master recording
Equipment : DPA 4021 > Marantz PMD660 ( 16/44.1 )
Position : FOB , center , halfway back
Mastering : WAV > Audacity ( tracking , amplify channel , set fades ) >
FLAC ( level 8 )
Tracks
01 Imagine It
02 Ascending Melody
03 Cannibal Resource
04 crowd
05 Wittenberg III
06 crowd
07 Fucked For Life
08 Gimme Gimme Gimme > Rise Above > Thirsty and Miserable
09 Two Doves
10 crowd
11 Spray Paint the Walls
12 The Bride
13 Stillness is the Move
14 No Intention ( with the Roots )
15 Remade Horizon
16 Useful Chamber
17 encore break
18 Temecula Sunrise
19 crowd
20 Knotty Pine ( with David Byrne )
If you email nyctaper for access to this recording , we expect that you will PLEASE SUPPORT The Dirty Projectors , visit their website , visit their MySpace page , and purchase Bitte Orca directly from the Domino Records website [ HERE ] .
Have you heard that turmeric cures pretty much every disease ?
And matcha — also known to be a powder — has disease - fighting power of its own .
Got a disease ?
Why not stick these powders in your body ?
Why not stick them in your coffee ?
The “ golden latte ” is not a new idea .
Trendy big city cafes have been putting turmeric in coffee ever since ancient gurus discovered the nourishing properties of the spice ( about 2016 ) .
Matcha is ground green tea that usually replaces coffee rather than adding to it , and is said to give you a calmer buzz than caffeine alone .
Both powders have an earthy flavour , like you ’re sucking the healing energy straight from a pile of dirt .
I decided to mix both turmeric and matcha into a latte .
I call it the “ Electrum Latte ” because apparently green gold actually exists , and is called electrum .
Electrum Latte copyright , 2017 , me .
Anyway , here ’s the recipe .
Follow along carefully :
Scoop turmeric and matcha into a latte
Good job , you did it !
Those diseases will be running for their lives in no time .
Martha Stewart has a recipe for a golden latte , and she recommends making your own yellowish almond milk by straining ground almonds and water through a “ nut bag . ”
Unfortunately , all I have is normal cow - based milk , and the only “ nut bag ” I own is probably not what she has in mind .
I did the normal espresso and steamed milk thing , then sweetened this with honey , because it seemed like the right thing to do .
The result is a surprisingly normal - looking and delicious latte .
It straddles the line between drink and food , because the turmeric can make it taste a bit like sipping the extra curry after you run out of rice .
But honestly , I love curry , and it does n’t clash with the coffee as much as you ’d think ( as I discovered in PWTIC ’s first official success story , Curry Coffee ) .
The matcha mostly disappears flavour - wise , though it would probably give you an extra kick if you ’re sensitive to caffeine , since it ’s just about doubling the amount .
And in case you did n’t catch the sarcasm , this wo n’t actually cure any maladies .
There ’s a small amount of evidence that the ingredients in turmeric and matcha are good for you , but not enough for gurus to be declaring them miracle cures and selling overpriced versions of them .
Gwyneth Paltrow can go screw herself with a matcha - coloured egg .
They taste good , though , so , drink up .
I ’m hiring a second full - time employee , a position I ’m calling Director of Digital Things .
In addition to my actual job of screenwriting and directing , I currently do all the tech stuff : the websites , the wiring , the coding , the iPhone app that ’s thisclose to beta testing .
And I enjoy it .
The luxury of a writer ’s life is the freedom to explore and obsess .
But the list of things I ’d like to do is so much longer than what I could conceivably do that it makes sense to bring in somebody with similar ambitions and a specific mandate .
Rather than , “ Would n’t it be neat if … ” I ’d like to be saying , “ Hey , figure out a way to do this . ”
So I ’m hiring somebody who can .
My assistant , Matt , will continue to handle my schedule , travel , research and proofreading .
The new person will handle stuff related to this website and many new projects .
I see this as a full - time job .
Salary would be commensurate with experience , and there ’s health insurance .
I ’d prefer the person live in Los Angeles for occasional face - to - face discussions , but she or he would be working outside the office most of the time .
The new guy would be free to — encouraged to — pursue outside projects , as long as the real work came first .
After a string of terrific and very different assistants , I ’ve learned that hiring someone is never a matter of checklists .
Each employee brings experiences and abilities that change the nature of the job .
But I can safely predict this person will need to be very digital , with a good balance of design sense and general geekery .
A good candidate for this position would be able to talk about most of the following with ease :
Great opening title sequences of the last year .
Pros and cons of breaking out CSS into multiple files .
The feeds are n’t updating right .
Is the problem on WordPress , Feedburner or somewhere else ?
Whatever happened to the Stone typefaces ?
Books you ’ve bought just for the cover .
Is that short URL scheme a good idea ?
Why is n’t Google hitting this page ?
What SEO should we bother with , and what should we ignore ?
Is it worth outsourcing comments to something like Disqus ?
Could we get Scrippets to work with it ?
If you were marketing a web series about giant killer plants , what outlets would you target and how ?
Since jQuery ’s already loading , what else could / should we have it do ?
Getting an offsite backup server going .
How quickly can we get The Variant onto the new Apple device ?
If we needed to swap hosts in 24 hours , what are the first six things to do ?
Five desert island typefaces , and whether TypeKit is worth it .
Setting up A / B test pages to track two possible layouts .
A great candidate might also have expertise in several of the following :
Coding everything from PHP to Flash to Ruby to Objective - C
Motion graphics and VFX
Shooting and editing
Gadgetry and game development
You ’ll notice that “ writing ” is nowhere in these criteria .
To date , all of my assistants have been screenwriters , and all of them are now working in the industry .
But I do n’t see this new position as being a particularly good stepping stone for an aspiring screenwriter .
But it is likely a stepping stone for something else , and a paid opportunity to explore some areas of interest for a year or two .
In addition to maintaining existing properties , there ’s a range of new projects I ’d like to tackle .
Here ’s the hiring process :
Candidates email digital@johnaugust.com .
Include a bio with work experience and background , interests , and ( most importantly ) links to work you ’ve done .
I ’m particularly interested in seeing websites you ’ve designed , along with an explanation of their goals and techniques .
But I ’m also curious about other projects , like iPhone apps or short films or something else you think I ’d be interested in .
I ’ll be hiring a person , not a portfolio , so let me get a sense of what you ’re like .
By the second week of February , I ’ll narrow down my choices to a few great candidates .
I ’ll give each candidate a small budget and a reasonable deadline to come up with a site for a specific project , such as The Remnants .
We ’ll have coffee and talk about what you did and why .
I ’ll pick the person who seems the best fit .
Do not apply in the comments .
Let ’s save the comments section for feedback about the nature of the job and general discussion .
The discovery that some CCTV cameras around Moscow streamed prerecorded images , instead of live pictures , has resulted in criminal charges against StroyMontageService , the firm that maintained the network .
Dmitry Kudryavtsev , a director of StroyMontageService , has been arrested and charged with fraud over the alleged scam , which recalls fake image trickery used in films such as Ocean 's Eleven .
Kudryavtsev , who denies any wrongdoing , alleges he has been framed by rivals .
Problems with the feed from some CCTV cameras in the Russian capital were reportedly first uncovered during a routine inspection .
This led to further checks that uncovered widespread malfeasance .
" From May to September 2009 CCTV cameras in several districts of Moscow streamed pre-recorded pictures instead of real - time video , " police spokeswoman Olga Dumalkina explained , as reported by the English language website of Russian TV station TV - Novosti .
As well as allegedly streaming false images , StroyMontageService is also accused of distributing an unspecified computer virus in an alleged bid to screw up the operations of a rival in the western districts of Moscow .
StroyMontageService ran a $ 1 million contract to run CCTV camera in the north - east of the Russian capital .
Moscow 's mean streets boast an estimated total of 80,000 security cameras , many of which were first set up as part of a $ 17 million public safety project begun by former Mayor Yury Luzhkov a few years ago . ®
Emma Watson Up Skirt See Through Panties Pics !
4 SHARES Share
For all of you perverts out there who have been waiting for Harry Potter ’s Emma Watson to finally turn 18 … the day has come ..
And we ’re the ones who get the present .
On her 18th birthday Emma Watson graced the Papparrazi with some up skirt shots of her see through panties .
Thats all I ’m going to say about it ….
Now , that you have had your fun for the day , how about learning how get laid by a girl like this … its not as hard as you think !
Kevin C. Cox / Getty Images
Alabama running back Mark Ingram won the Heisman Trophy on Saturday night in the closest race in the award ’s history .
Stanford running back Toby Gerhart finished second , Texas quarterback Colt McCoy was third , Nebraska defensive lineman Ndamukong Suh was fourth and Florida ’s Tim Tebow was fifth .
Ingram finished with 28 more points than Gerhart ( 1,304 to 1,276 ) .
That was closer than the 45 - point margin that Auburn ’s Bo Jackson had over Iowa ’s Chuck Long in 1985 .
Ingram became the first Crimson Tide player and the third sophomore to win the trophy .
The previous two winners , Tebow and Oklahoma ’s Sam Bradford , were also sophomores .
Ingram has rushed for 1,542 yards and 15 touchdowns , including 189 total yards and 3 touchdowns in his team ’s 32 - 13 victory over Florida in the Southeastern Conference championship game last Saturday .
Ingram will face one of his fellow Heisman finalists , McCoy , in the Bowl Championship Series title game on Jan. 7 .
BRISBANE , Australia —
Has the Australian government ’s most recent attempt at technological book - burning backfired ?
Last month , the government gave the green light to controversial plans to censor the internet and now fans of computer games have started a political party to protest the censorship of globally best - selling adult games .
A debate is raging about the government ’s refusal to allow an adults - only ( 18 - years - old ) or
R rating for games , effectively leading to the banning of some of the world ’s most sought - after home entertainment — games that are available to adults in their entirety in the United States and other Western countries .
Ironically , the lack of adult rating — intended to exclude violent material — may be having the opposite effect .
Best - selling games such as " Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 " — which has raked in $ 1 billion and outsold the movie " Titanic " — are barely - edited in order to shoe - horn them into an MA + rating ( 15 - years - old ) .
Computer game enthusiasts and researchers argue that this exposes younger players to similar versions of games that are rated for much older players in the United States , Canada , the U.K. and New Zealand .
Founder of the Gamers 4 Croydon party , David Doe , is busy preparing his party ’s platform in the state of South Australia , where an election is due to be held on March 20 .
The
single - issue party ’s candidate is yet to be chosen but will run against the South Australian Attorney General Michael Atkinson , who strongly opposes an adults - only rating for computer games , in the state ’s electorate of Croydon .
Doe , 30 , says gamers have come of age and the lack of adults - only rating is effectively censorship .
Research conducted Jeffrey Brand , a professor of communication and media at Bond University on the Gold Coast , reveals the surprising statistic that average age of computer and video game players in Australia is 30 years old .
Doe says young teenagers are being exposed to mostly adult material and parents misinformed .
“ Most of the time when a game is edited the change is incredibly minor , ” he said .
For example , in the game " Fallout 3 " players are offered a choice to take the drug morphine and possibly become addicted .
The edited Australian version of the " Fallout 3 " merely gives the drug a fictional name , but allows much younger teens to virtually experience taking the drug , possibly become addicted and suffer the negative side - effects .
The games " Grand Theft Auto IV " and " Saints Row 2 , " both classified as MA + in Australia and suitable for 15 - year - olds , offer players a selection of methods in which to brutally murder innocent civilians .
In Australia , games are rated by the Classification Board , which is administered by the attorneys general of each six states in the country .
Atkinson , the South Australian Attorney - General , remains opposed to an adults - only rating .
He maintains that the current classifications exist to protect children from exposure to violence , sexual violence and drug use in their content .
The type of content Atkinson wants to prevent children viewing can be extremely confronting .
One such game from Japan is called " Rapelay , " in which players can earn points by simulating the brutal rape of a mother and daughter .
Amazon decided against selling it .
Other titles , including " Battle Raper , " that depict graphic sexual violence toward women are protected from sale in Australia under the current classification scheme .
Censorship has become a sore point for the Australian government recently .
In mid-December it announced it would go ahead with controversial plans to censor the internet .
A top -secret government list of banned websites was leaked on to the web , revealing the scope of the filtering could extend significantly beyond child sex abuse , sexual violence and instructions on how to commit crime , for which it is intended .
Many of the websites on the list were not related to child pornography at all .
They included YouTube links , online poker , gay and straight pornography , Wikipedia entries , euthanasia websites , fringe religious sites such as satanic sites , fetish sites , Christian sites , the website of a tour operator and , bizarrely , even a dentist in the northeastern state of Queensland .
Daniel Johnson , a researcher in the Queensland University of Technology Faculty of Science and Technology , who teaches Games and Interactive Entertainment , explained :
“ We have a situation where a medium mainly being used by adults now has no adult category , ” Johnson said .
“ Parents are trying to make informed judgements but they can ’t .
It ’s definitely censorship .
It ’s not only backfiring , it ’s working against everyone . ”
Brand ’s research shows that 91 percent of Australian adults , including gamers and non-gamers , think Australia should have an adults - only classification for games .
Considering 88 percent of households have a device for playing computer games and their favorite pastime is using the internet , the issue is turning into a political hot potato .
I am very , very pleased to write about two wins for the military and skepticism today :
Story the first : Remember the company that made millions by selling totally worthless bomb - sniffing magic wands to the military , detectors that were used at checkpoints in Iraq to search cars , and which failed to detect the terrorist bombs used to kill 155 people in October and 120 more in December last year ?
Yeah , well , Jim McCormick , the head of the company that sold those useless dowsing rods , just got arrested for -- oh , let me savor typing these words -- " suspicion of fraud " .
Wait , wait .
That felt so good to write , let me do it again : Jim McCormick , who sold provably worthless dowsing rods to the military , has been arrested for suspicion of fraud .
Ahhhhh .
That was just as good to type the second time .
This has been reported in The Register as well as The Times Online , which mentions Randi for an added bonus !
The BBC has an in - depth analysis of this as well .
In the courts , you are presumed innocent until proven guilty .
But in this case , we have scientific evidence that the kits sold by the company are 100 % garbage , and I hope this guy gets everything he deserves .
And is McCormick penitent ?
Of course not !
With apparently no sense of Teh Stoopid , he said :
We have been dealing with doubters for ten years .
One of the problems we have is that the machine does look a little primitive .
We are working on a new model that has flashing lights .
Holy wow .
Serously , dude ?
I mean , really ?
Here 's a clue , Mr. McCormick : it 's not that your dowsing rods lack doodads and flair and blinking lights .
It 's that they do n't frakking work , and because the Iraqi military swallowed your story people have died .
I hope that 's clear now .
Story the second :
Our second news item is also quite satisfying , and also has a bit of the cluelessness from a company that sells things to the military .
Trijicon , the company that inscribed references to Bible quotations on rifle scopes sold to the military , has announced that they will no longer inscribe them , and will provide kits to the military to remove the references in existing scopes .
Very cool .
The military has rules forbidding proselytizing in Iraq and Afghanistan , and the rifle scopes were in clear violation of this .
Of course , the company did this because of their concern over our troops and for the appearance of the military overseas , right ?
About that , the President of Trijicon , Stephen Bindon , said this :
Trijicon has proudly served the U.S. military for more than two decades , and our decision to offer to voluntarily remove these references is both prudent and appropriate .
As I read that , it translated in my head as , " We did this because we were suddenly getting tons of bad press , and had to do something about this PR disaster , so we can can make it look like we 're being all altruistic and everything . "
Here 's another free hint to the head of a company selling stuff to the military : do n't thump your own chest and say how cool you are when we all know better .
Simply admit your mistake , and let people know you 're honestly sorry .
Telling everyone what a great move this was on your part is maybe just a wee bit oily .
So I 'm really thrilled that rational and critical thinking has had two victories today .
The fight continues , because the forces of irrationality are always , always on the march .
So , for those of us fighting for reality :
2009-10-01T16:37:00Z
INFO : Bin seit September 2014 kein Mitglied der Piratenpartei mehr .
OSG DOS \\ release 1.0a // 6.502 gb rams free ( c ) 2015 oldschool.geek.nz > list services LINUX RONIN Linux Ronin Youtube Channel https://youtube.com/LinuxRonin LR-TWIT Linux Ronin Twitter Page @linuxronin CHAOS New World Disorder http://dis0rder.com
WAR Pants of War http://pantsofwar.blogspot.com
MUSIC Sonus Chaotica http://sonuschaotica.blogspot.com
COMICS Spiro Dotgeek 's Youtube Channel TWITS Spiro Dotgeek 's Twitter Page @SpiroDotgeek WEB - BBS Board Shitless http://boardshitless.com
ZINES Zines & Publications REDSKULL
Castle Redskull geek forums
https://castleredskull.com > list articles TITLE DESCRIPTION DATE ----------------------- ------------------------------------------ -----------
BLOG POST Hobby update 17 Jul 2016 FACEBOOK !=
PRIVACY Facebook is completely anti privacy 28 Jun 2015
Arguing that “ covert action and analysis do not belong together in the same agency , ” a former CIA agent who prepared intelligence briefings for President Reagan in the 1980s says the CIA should be broken in two .
Ray McGovern , who gained attention in recent years after founding the activist group Veteran Intelligence Professionals for Sanity , wrote in an article published Wednesday that the two primary functions the CIA carries out — gathering intelligence and executing covert operations abroad — are at odds with each other , and keeping the two functions together harms the US ’s foreign policy interests .
ADVERTISEMENT
In an article published at ConsortiumNews , McGovern argued that the CIA ’s dual missions conflict with one another , as the CIA has to objectively assess the effect of its own missions on foreign policy goals .
Think about it for a minute .
You are ordered and given funding to conduct Predator attacks on “ suspected al - Qaeda bases ” in Pakistan .
( U.S. armed forces cannot do it since the Pentagon is not supposed to be striking countries with whom we are not at war . )
You salute , find some contractors to help , and conduct those attacks .
The President then asks his CIA morning briefer about the effectiveness of the drone attacks , including the longer - term political as well as military effects .
When the briefer checks with the substantive analysts watching Pakistan , he learns that the attacks are very effective — indeed , the very best recruitment tool Osama bin Laden and the Taliban could imagine .
Jihadists are flocking to Pakistan and Afghanistan like moths to a light blub . …
Do you think mealy - mouthed CIA Director Leon Panetta will have the courage to whisper that unwelcome finding to the President ?
In his piece , McGovern points out that there was a lot of discussion and concern about the CIA ’s role during the agency ’s early years , after it was created by the National Security Act in the late 1940s .
He cites an editorial by former President Harry Truman , published in the Washington Post one month after the JFK assassination , that raised serious concerns about the nature of the CIA , an agency created by a bill signed by Truman in 1948 .
“ For some time I have been disturbed by the way CIA has been diverted from its original assignment , ” Truman wrote .
“ It has become an operational and at times a policy - making arm of the Government .
This has led to trouble and may have compounded our difficulties in several explosive areas . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Truman concluded that “ there is something about the way the CIA has been functioning that is casting a shadow over our historic position and I feel that we need to correct it . ”
McGovern noted that other government officials expressed similar alarm about the agency in its nascent years .
[ Truman era ] Defense Secretary James Forrestal did n’t want the Pentagon to be responsible for covert action in peacetime .
And , to their credit , neither did senior leaders of the fledgling CIA .
They were no neophytes , and could see that covert operations might easily end up tainting the intelligence product if one Director were responsible for the two incompatible activities .
The experience of the past 62 years has showed , time and time again , that their concern was well founded as the covert action side has not only polluted CIA analyses but also expanded into high - tech warfare .
ADVERTISEMENT
In the early 2000s , McGovern became a harsh critic of the Bush administration ’s use of intelligence in building the case for an invasion of Iraq .
In 2006 , he gained media attention when he confronted then - Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld during a 2006 speech in Atlanta , asking Rumsfeld , “ Why did you lie to get us into a war that was not necessary and that has caused these kinds of casualties ? ”
McGovern started out with the CIA as an analyst on the Soviet Union and Vietnam .
By the 1980s , he was preparing intelligence briefings for President Reagan , a duty he continued for President George H. W. Bush .
ADVERTISEMENT
Read McGovern ’s complete article here .
Today , Apple announced that the holiday season brought booming sales to most of its product lines , the lone exception being the iPod .
Although the music players declined slightly to 21 million units from the year before , Mac sales shot up by 33 percent to 3.36 million , while iPhone sales doubled , hitting 8.7 million .
Those sales , plus changes to accounting rules , helped the company book $ 3.38 billion dollars in profits .
For the past several quarters , the company has been reporting both GAAP revenue , in which iPhone and Apple TV sales were spread out over several quarters via a subscription model , and revenue based on counting those sales immediately .
The Financial Accounting Standards Board has since changed the rules to allow the latter number to be reported as the official earnings .
In its earnings release , the company used the new method for calculating the numbers for both this quarter and the one a year earlier , but analysts have n't accounted for the shift in their estimates , meaning these look even more wrong than usual .
The money .
In any case , the numbers were great .
Revenue went up from $ 11.88 billion to $ 15.56 billion , and the profit was over a billion dollars higher ( $ 3.67 per diluted share vs. $ 2.50 the year earlier ) .
The company also benefitted from higher gross margins , which were up to nearly 41 percent , likely a product of the fact that it 's been a while since any of its products received a major makeover .
In case you 've been living under a rock , Steve Jobs ' statement mentioned that this would change " starting this week with a major new product that we ’re really excited about . "
The units sold .
Despite the good news , Apple stock has declined slightly in after - hours trading .
Apparently , analysts had expected even higher iPhone sales , and good news from the Mac side of the business has n't overcome this disappointment .
In any case , the charts follow , and we 're live - blogging the company 's conference call now .
What do grown men look like when they cry ?
Photographer Sam Taylor - Wood handpicked some of Hollywood 's leading film actors and took fascinating portraits of them as they bared their emo side and shed some tears .
“ Some of the men cried before I even finished loading the camera , but others found it really difficult , said Taylor - Wood .
“ People can decide for themselves which they think are the authentic tears and which they think are fake .
It 's about the idea of taking these big , masculine men and showing a different side . ”
Laurence Fishburne
Daniel Craig
Ed Harris
Benicio del Torro
Forest Whitaker
Dustin Hoffman
Gabriel Byrne
Steve Buscemi
Robert Downey Jr.
Jude Law
Sean Penn
Paul Newman
via arab aquarius
Other Amazing Celebrity Photographers :
Dan Winters Takes Timeless Celebrity Portraits ( 16 Favorites )
Photographer of the Moment , Robert Ascroft
Stunning Celebrity Portraits – Lorenzo Agius ( 12 pics )
Celebrity Portraits That Tell a Story – Photographer Peter Yang ( 9 Photos )
Michel Comte – Legendary Portrait Taker ( 11 photos )
A terrified 22 - year - old driver thought he was going to die when a jammed cruise control trapped him in his four - wheel drive for half an hour as it raced along the Eastern Freeway .
In a scene reminiscent of thriller blockbuster , the Ford Explorer ’s cruise control got stuck at 80 km / h as he tried to take the Burke Road exit in Melbourne ’s north - east about 12.40 pm .
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Did you see the out - of - control vehicle ?
Email us with information and pictures
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Chase Weir today told Radio 3AW of his frantic calls to Ford and police after discovering he could not switch off the large vehicle , which was hitting speeds of more than 80 km / h .
The blog focusing on the idea of Total Wellness !
Here I post on the benefits of Melaleuca , recumbent cycling , staying fit via CrossFit , and achieving overall wellness .
Going to Summary Information the box is n’t utilizing lots of resources that ’s good especially for future updates .
This TV
Box will bring you a lot of fun and enable you to relax yourself .
While choosing Android TV boxes , it ’s important to guarantee that it is n’t hard to install operate .
If you ’re trying to find a fantastic HTPC Android TV box to set up on your living space , while still having some money left to obtain different things , I would advise looking at this choice .
There is not anything to fret about and so long as your internet connection does not go down , you wo n’t have any difficulties .
All you will need is very good web connection and you are prepared to go .
With each one of these boxes , to receive the whole on - line streaming experience , you should get an online connection of 10 or more MB .
It needs an exceptional modem which is joined to the cable TV box .
Actually , you can receive free cable by taking just a few easy things to do to download a well - known apps online .
On the opposite hand , if a normal monitor cable is used you wo n’t have audio directly to the TV so that you will require another cable solely for the audio .
So , plug in your favourite device , relax , and relish the ride .
Mi Box ” also includes a remote control with an integrated microphone which enables for voice search .
It ’s possible for you to install cable boxes ( digital receivers ) in your house without the assistance of an expert technician .
To benefit from the government rebate , you might want to buy a converter box once the coupon program begins in 2008 .
This tiny box does everything !
There ’s so many to pick from and it feels like everybody is there to tell you theirs is the optimal / optimally TV box .
If you ’re trying to find a fantastic Android TV Box that offers you all you will need for the optimal / optimally value , you can purchase it with your eyes closed .
Free - to - air channels are offered via TV aerial and might require upgrade .
It provides a selection of channels with higher picture quality .
Some folks like the the alternative of knowing there are 100 various channels , even when bulk of which are n’t even watched once annually .
Beyond that , a couple of critical channels are missing .
Even when you can hold the TV yourself , it ’s very good to have someone to check behind the TV and let you know which direction you must move .
Low revenue cable TV is n’t only possible , but relatively simple to set up .
Television or TV is among the necessities of contemporary times .
Should you be mounting the TV up substantial , having the capability to tilt it downward toward the viewer can create a difference .
Wise TVs connect to the internet so you may delight in a wide variety of internet entertainment services on the massive screen .
In fact , Now it does n’t have any serious discovery features .
Virtually all recent TVs have support for those 2 services constructed in , and several remotes incorporate a dedicated Netflix button .
It ’s going fit well beside your secondary TVs in your kitchen or bedroom , or only slide beside the other media players you ’ve got in your lounge , with no trouble .
Bartow , Florida ( CNN ) --
After more than three decades in prison , a Florida man was set free Thursday after a DNA test showed he did not kidnap and rape a 9 - year - old boy in 1974 .
" I'm not angry , " James Bain , 54 , told reporters after a brief hearing in Bartow , Florida .
Bain was 19 when he was convicted on charges of kidnapping , burglary and strong - arm rape .
He received a life sentence .
He 's going home for the first time in 35 years .
" I got God in my head , " said Bain , surrounded by supporters and wearing a T - shirt with " Not Guilty " across the front .
" I knew one day he will reveal me . "
Of the 245 people in the United States whom DNA testing has exonerated , none has spent more time behind bars than Bain , according to the Innocence Project , a national organization dedicated to exonerating wrongfully convicted people through such testing .
In 2001 , Florida passed a statute allowing cases to be reopened for DNA testing .
Bain submitted handwritten motions four times seeking such testing but was denied each time .
His fifth attempt was successful after an appeals court ruled he was entitled to a hearing .
Bain initially was expected to be freed with some conditions as the state wanted a further review of DNA test results .
But the review was completed ahead of Thursday 's hearing .
Polk County State Attorney Jerry Hill told the judge that DNA testing had excluded Bain from the crime .
" He 's just not connected with this particular incident , " Hill said .
" Mr. Bain , I 'm now signing the order , sir , " the judge said , referring to an order vacating the judgment and sentence .
" You are a free man .
Congratulations , " he said , and the courtroom erupted into applause .
In 1974 , the 9 - year - old Lake Wales , Florida , victim had told police that his attacker had bushy sideburns and a mustache .
After being shown five photos of potential suspects , the victim picked out one of Bain , the police report said .
The victim , now 44 , lives in Florida and was made aware of Bain 's situation , according to multiple sources .
Speaking to reporters Thursday , Bain said he was going home with family .
" I 'm going to see my mom , " he said .
His mother , Sarah Reed , has been in and out of hospitals in recent years .
She said she is putting her house and her car in her son 's name .
" I want him to have something by himself .
He 's suffered enough , " she said .
Asked about prison , Bain said , " So many things can happen to you at any time . "
But now , " I guess I kind of feel like when they first landed on the moon .
We have touchdown , " he said , laughing .
CNN 's Rich Phillips contributed to this report .
ESPN Coming To XBox 360
by Corey Dockendorf [ Wednesday , 20th of January 2010 - 02:28 AM
]
ESPN were in talks with Microsoft in a very " private " meeting , about the possibility to stream sporting events live on the XBox 360 .
Of course fee 's would be involved but now your average gamer , on any given sunday , could sit at home and switch back and forth from Madden ' 10 to whatever football game was on .
For a per-subscriber fee , ESPN could provide live streams of sporting events , similar to the ones available through ESPN 360 , a service that is available from some high - speed Internet providers .
Microsoft could also create some interactive games in association with ESPN , the people said .
One of the people said the deal was not imminent .
The companies declined to comment .
If you think about it , this is a plan to save TV and cable television .
With more and more shows coming to Internet TV such as The Guild , or the online television network Revision 3 , the best way to get your shows from the TV to your targeted audience will be through the consoles .
60 % of American homes currently have some sort of console in the house .
Microsoft also claims that it has already sold over 39 million consoles world wide .
Thats alot of machines , and viewers .
There has been no formal announcement of this as an agreement but I 'm sure it 's not too far off .
The possibility will give console players , which were gaming machine , an evolved carrier of media .
With more ways to get online and connect socially ( Facebook / Twitter ) plus streaming videos and live events , your console is becoming more than a gaming rig , it 's become an entertainment portal .
Of course i own a PC , so i could do all this already .
Source : The New York Times
James Ellroy often tells interviewers that he has no interest in current events , but even he seems to feel that the stars are in alignment for the publication of Blood 's a Rover , the closing novel of his " Underworld USA " trilogy .
This vast enterprise , which started appearing 14 years ago and now runs to nearly 2,000 pages , depicts 14 years of American history – from 1958 to 1972 – with a tight focus on conspiracies , murder , madness , corruption and racial hatred .
When Ellroy launched the series with American Tabloid ( 1995 ) , right - wing paranoia about the Clinton presidency added wind to his sails , and with Obama in the White House conditions are even more favourable .
Racially charged hysteria and accusations of communism are the ideological small change of the power players in these books .
In a note appended to advance copies , Ellroy writes that " this is a book for these times ! "
It 's also filled , he says needlessly , " with my trademark craaaaazy shit " .
Ellroy began his trilogy after finishing the quartet of Los Angeles - set crime novels that made him famous , in which plotlines concerning serial killers , police corruption and shady political manoeuvrings gradually thicken and merge and turn out to be connected by long - buried master - crimes .
Two of the LA books have three main figures who take turns as the focal character , and all four of them incorporate real - life people and events into the carefully organised layers of fantasy .
American Tabloid and its follow - up , The Cold Six Thousand ( 2001 ) , use similar narrative machinery to build detailed backstories to the assassinations of the Kennedys and Martin Luther King .
The plots ' strings are pulled by J Edgar Hoover , the Mob , Howard Hughes and the CIA , but the main emphasis is on Ellroy 's beloved " bad white men " – the rogue cops , shakedown artists and conflicted Mafia lawyers who work for the main players – and the prices they all pay " to secretly define their time " .
As for the " craaaaazy shit " , it comes in several varieties , served up in changing proportions from book to book .
Apart from the basic building - blocks of Ellroy 's world – acts of extreme violence , quasi-Oedipal sexual obsessions , litanies of entertainment - world sleaze – there are two principal areas of craziness .
One is Ellroy 's writing style , which mixes telegraphic terseness with hep -cat " rebop " , old - time cop -speak and other high - impact registers , heavily seasoned with sexual , religious and ethnic insults .
Though less extreme in some ways than Ellroy 's White Jazz ( 1992 ) , The Cold Six Thousand has the unusual distinction of being made hard to read by the shortness of its sentences , which mostly come in at four words – one of which is always likely to be " nigger " , " cooze " , " hebe " , " fag " or " slope " .
This amplifies the other unsettling effect : the odd blend of amused relish and hardboiled blankness with which the characters ' activities are viewed .
Writing from inside the worldview of his killers and casual - to - committed right - wing extremists , Ellroy rarely feels a need for explicit condemnation .
Blood 's a Rover initially looks like more of the same , though Ellroy has dialled the terseness back to American Tabloid levels in the interest of reader - friendliness .
This time round , only one of the main characters was equally prominent in the previous book .
This is Wayne Tedrow , an ex-cop , dope chemist , assassination conspirator and newly minted parricide .
( The Cold Six Thousand ends with him arranging for his stepmother , with whom he's in love , to beat his dad to death with a golf club ; most readers will agree that the old man had it coming . )
Wayne has landed the job his father wanted as Howard " Dracula " Hughes 's right - hand man in Las Vegas , and is also in hock to both Hoover and the Mafia bosses .
Despite his extravagantly justified reputation as a racist murderer , however , Wayne is a tormented soul who believes in civil rights and dreams of finding better ways of interacting with black people than killing them or selling them heroin to fund third - world coups .
Next up as a focal character is Dwight Holly , an FBI agent known as " The Enforcer " who also played a part in the MLK hit .
Dwight 's new job is to slip a provocateur into a minor black nationalist movement to further Hoover 's plans to discredit the civil rights cause .
Finally , there 's Donald " Crutch " Crutchfield , a low - rent surveillance artist and " dipshit kid " with an Ellroy - like past and strong voyeuristic tendencies .
At first , Crutch – whose name and some of whose attributes have been borrowed from a real - life acquaintance of Ellroy 's – comes across as merely filling the now - traditional " junior partner who'll wise up and turn nasty " role .
But the centre of his operations , Los Angeles , and his peeping - tom obsession with two mysterious women , slowly introduce a fevered , personal note that has more in common with the LA novels than with The Cold Six Thousand 's sometimes rather dutiful slog along the historical timeline .
This note gets stronger as the book progresses , perhaps because Ellroy is no longer constrained by the need to work up to a keynote assassination .
Watergate , he 's said , has been over - done , and too many of the participants are still alive and lawyered - up , so the trilogy 's climax relies more on imagination .
The immensely complicated and skilfully orchestrated plotlines contain most of the usual ingredients : heroin , psychopathic Cuban exiles , a cab business used as a crime hub , and a Mob attempt to replace the lost Havana casinos , this time by building in the Dominican Republic .
There are walk - on parts for Nixon and Reagan as well as more recent obituary subjects : " Bill Buckley snitched neocons .
Chuck Heston snitched potheads . "
On top of all this , there 's also the fallout from an unsolved armoured car heist and the murder of an LA hate tract magnate .
Everything seems to circle back to some emeralds and a woman named Joan Rosen Klein , who gives the book 's antiheroes a shot at redemption .
Joan , aka " the Red Queen " , and her friend Karen Sifakis , Dwight Holly 's part - time lover , turn out to be Ellroy 's spokespersons for the left .
And though Joan is nearly as compromised as the numerous rightwing characters , Ellroy finally makes it clear that his sympathies are with her and what she stands for .
Under her influence , Dwight contemplates writing a confession that sounds a lot like Ellroy 's novel : " A huge feat of exposition .
A densely packed indictment .
A treatise on the collusive mind - set .
JFK , RFK and MLK are all dead .
Let me tell you how . "
In an unexpected metafictional twist , Joan and Dwight start planning a violent event that will break the story wide open , which they discuss like novelists ( " It densifies every level of our subtext " ) .
We 're also offered a partial explanation for the novel 's narrative idiosyncrasies , though not an especially plausible or satisfying one .
These developments make an interesting departure and help close the trilogy in a surprisingly sweet way .
( Sweeter , anyway , than The Cold Six Thousand 's last lines : " His father screamed .
Blood sprayed the panes . " )
It must be said that Ellroy writes terrible diary entries for his radical left intellectuals , who all think in an interchangeable , polysyllabic voice : " Our shared world is humanly unquantifiable and ideologically confused " ; " Our goals are both inimical and fully synchronous . "
And while it 's good to know that he disapproves of " puerile Feds fucking the disenfranchised for kicks " , it 's still more fun to read the narrator 's demented epithets for parrots ( " The cocksucker bit his hand and flew off " ) or the Dominican elite ( " light - skinned beaners " who " grooved on their Spanish roots " ) .
The upheavals of the 60s – Ellroy 's ostensible subject – are mostly presented here as an epidemic of hipsterism that has even Nixon saying , " On the QT , baby " , and some readers might feel that this is as it should be .
In its serious aspects , then , Blood 's a Rover can be mildly silly in comparison with the tightly controlled American Tabloid .
But the serious aspects are only intermittently what 's serious about Ellroy 's achievement in these books .
Slyly knowing about the fantasies he trades in , funny when you least expect it , and a master of private languages , he is n't in any way a conventional historical novelist .
At his best – when the strong internal logic of his books takes over the history he 's exploiting – he gives you the sense of being plugged directly into an entire culture 's unsavoury dream life , its boasts and self - reproaches and arguments with itself .
By : Derek Yu
On : February 7th , 2010
The results of the Assemblee Competition are in !
The winner of Part Two is Ivan Safrin for Bitworld , a really slick action - oriented roguelike that was made in Ivan ’s own development framework , Substance ( still under - wraps ) .
He made use of a number of people ’s work from Part One : Oddball , Oryx , Rynen10 k , Blot , Stian Stark , Saros , BigLon .
A hearty congrats , dude !
As you can see here , it was a pretty close competition , with a lot of great entries .
I noticed quite a few entries made it on to 1up ’s 101 Free Games of 2010 , among other places .
Here are the top ten finishers ( with brief and inadequate synopses ) :
1. Bitworld 72 votes ( 7.9 % ) – slick 2d / 3d roguelike_
2. Dungeons of Fayte 63 votes ( 6.9 % ) – co-op action / RPG_
3. Realm of the Mad God 57 votes ( 6.2 % ) – massively multiplayer fantasy _
4. Mr. Kitty ’s Quest 51 votes ( 5.6 % ) – explorey action adventure game_
5. BirdyWorld 38 votes ( 4.2 % ) – Zelda - like where players create the world as they explore_
6. Backworld 33 votes ( 3.6 % ) – platformer about painting _
7. Tiny Crawl 33 votes ( 3.6 % ) – streamlined room - based RPG
8. s h i n e 32 votes ( 3.5 % ) – survival horror
9 . The King , the Queen and the Jester 29 votes ( 3.2 % ) – first person dungeon crawl
10 . Great Dungeon in the Sky 27 votes ( 3 % ) – platform game with many characters
Please check out the full list of Assemblee games if you have n’t already .
Lots of gems in there .
The winner of Part One was Oryx , for his Lo - Fi Fantasy Tileset , which was used in many a game ( including Bitworld ) .
As stated before , all of the art and music for Part One is now available ( image - heavy ) for you to use in your own ( non-commercial ) projects .
They have been released by their creators under a Creative Commons license .
TIGForums mod and Pokemans - lover extraordinaire Melly also held a Box Art Competition after Part Two , which turned out some more cool stuff .
I loved this competition .
I think it definitely proved that a two - part competition can be very successful .
Logistically , I ’m going to have to do more planning for large volumes of entries .
I was really unprepared for all the awesome that was going to come in , and that led to some delays .
Thanks to everyone who participated , and congratulations to everyone who finished artwork , music , or a game !
I was reading an excellent blog post over on Scott Allen ’s Ode To Code entitled " Of Web Browsers and Humanity " .
He goal is again for everyone to abandon IE6 and move forward to more standards compliant browsers .
Web developers / designers are sick and tired of writing hacky javascript and css , and this needs to change !
His point is that the big players really need to start the push , since they have the power to affect users ’ actions .
While I agree with this , and I think that moving from IE6 is an excellent and laudable goal , the fact that we are still having this conversation in 2010 is a freaking joke .
IE6 came out in 2001 people .
2001 .
Almost a decade ago .
And even worse than the fact that IE6 is still pretty widely used , is knowing that if we do manage to get these people to upgrade their browsers , then what do you think people are going to move to ?
Firefox ?
Chrome ?
Safari ?
Ha , that last one made me chuckle a bit …
Some will move to other browsers .
Most wo n’t .
The majority will move to IE7 or IE8 .
And you know what , the internet will suffer almost as much under these browsers as it did under IE6 , but for completely different reasons .
What reasons ?
Well , what do you see here :
If you were using a browser which was truly modern , you would see cool things here .
This is a modified version of the animation from the Mozilla canvas tutorial .
If you are on IE , then you are probably just seeing a bit of text displayed .
That is because IE does not support the " canvas " tag .
Something which Firefox has supported since version 1.5 in 2005 , Chrome has had since it ’s first release , and Safari has had since version 2 in 2005 .
Opera even added support for it in June 2006 .
When will IE get support for canvas ?
I do n’t know , when does IE9 come out ?
And how about this ?
If you ’re looking at this in Safari , Opera , Firefox , or Chrome , then you are seeing nice rounded corners which are created using only CSS .
Guess what you ’ll see in IE8 … nothing .
A square box .
So what is the big deal ?
All IE is missing the canvas tag , and some ( or most ) CSS3 support .
Well , it is easier to show rather than tell … let ’s take a little stroll down memory lane , shall we ?
Looking Back
Here is a list of the five major browsers and their rough release dates of each version .
All of this data was pulled down from each of the respective browser ’s Wikipedia pages .
Google Chrome
Version : 1.0 Released : December 2008 Version : 2.0 Released : May 2009 Version : 3.0 Released : October 2009 Version : 4.0 beta Released : November 2009
Mozilla Firefox
Version : 1.0 Released : November 2004 Version : 1.5 Released : November 2005 Version : 2.0 Released : October 2006 Version : 3.0 Released : June 2008 Version : 3.5 Released : June 2009
Opera
Version : 1.0 Released : April 1995 Version : 2.0 Released : April 1996 Version : 3.0 Released : December 1997 Version : 4.0 Released : June 2000 Version : 5.0 Released : December 2000 Version : 6.0 Released : December 2001 Version : 7.0 Released : January 2003 Version : 8.0 Released : April 2005 Version : 9.0 Released : June 2006 Version : 10.0 Released : September 2009
Apple Safari
Version : 1 Released : June 2003 Version : 2 Released : April 2005 Version : 3 Released : June 2007 Version : 4 Released : June 2009
Internet Explorer
Version : 1 Released : August 1995 Version : 2 Released : November 1995 Version : 3 Released : August 1996 Version : 4 Released : September 1997 Version : 5 Released : March 1998 Version : 6 Released : August 2001 Version : 7 Released : October 2006 Version : 8 Released : March 2009 Version : 9 Released : ???
So Chrome has had three releases in under 2 years , with a fourth on the way .
Firefox had 5 releases in 6 years .
Opera had 10 releases in 14 years .
Safari had 4 releases in 6 years .
Microsoft had 8 releases in 14 years .
But what is important to note is that 5 of those releases were in the first 3 years .
5 releases in 3 years .
Now that sounds like a hungry competitor .
But after these quick releases , and IE ’s quick rise to the top , something happened .
Microsoft stopped innovating in the browser .
So basically , since March of 1998 when IE5 was released , Microsoft has released only 3 versions of IE .
3 releases in 11 years , with a 5 year gap between IE6 and IE7 .
5 years .
That is an absolute eternity .
If Microsoft had a client side RIA technology at that point , we might have witnessed the death of the browser .
Some people say that we did , you ever wonder why Firefox was originally called Phoenix ?
( They only changed it due to copyright issues with the BIOS maker )
To be fair , IE7 made some excellent strides from IE6 , but was still so far behind Firefox 2.0 in terms of web standards and features that it was ridiculous .
Two and a half years later IE8 was released and while it was still better in standards compatibility , they still had n’t implemented much of the CSS 3 standard and some parts of HTML 5 that many other browsers had already implemented .
Microsoft is currently working on IE9 , but if we project out two and a half years from IE8 ’s release , then we are looking at a release somewhere around late 2011 .
What do you think that Firefox or Chrome will have implemented in late 2011 ?
When It Comes To Innovation , " When " Is Just As Important As " What " .
So what is the problem ?
Microsoft seems to be pumping out versions of Silverlight at about the same pace that Google is releasing Chrome .
Why ca n’t they do this with Internet Explorer ?
Some people have proposed nefarious plots about Microsoft dragging their feet in order to hold back the internet , but alas , I am a firm believer in Hanlon ’s razor .
You see , the problem is n’t that Microsoft still believes that they can single handedly hold back the internet .
I would be willing to be that it is a much more boring explanation in real life , and that explanation is manifold :
They are shackled by enough technical debt to fill the grand canyon .
IE is 15 years old , and the codebase was probably hacked together by hundreds of developers in the late 90’s .
Since the newer versions of IE share a ton of the same rendering bugs and other issues that earlier versions of IE had , it seems that they have not rewritten it .
This technical debt is probably forcing them to invest way more resources than they want to , and while they are making strides , they are n’t seeing the rapid innovation that some of the other browsers are seeing .
Do you honestly think that they have n’t developed features like an easy plug - in model for IE just because they do n’t want to ?
They are still releasing Internet Explorer like a boxed product .
Now I agree that they might not have the drive to implement new features and standards that the other browser makers do , but Microsoft is about pleasing customers , and if customers demand it , they will build it .
And part of this might lead back to their technical debt .
Maybe the process of modifying , build , packaging , and releasing a copy of IE is just so high , that the resources required for them to release more often is simply too much for them to shoulder .
One thing I can tell you though , is if they are releasing on two and a half year timelines , they are probably designing most of this stuff up front .
And guess what , they do n’t know what customers want two and a half years from now !
IE is still tied to operating systems that have n’t been end - of - lifed .
You wonder why Microsoft still supports IE6 ?
It is n’t because they love torturing developers and designers , it is because IE6 shipped with Windows XP .
Windows XP is still in extended support .
Microsoft works with their customers , and many corporate customers built applications around IE6 and they need support for it .
Windows XP extended support ends in 2014 , but let ’s hope that IE6 is gone by then .
As for why does n’t Microsoft just force IE6 to be upgraded through Windows Update … well , Microsoft is damned if they do and damned if they do n’t at this point .
If Microsoft forced a rollout of IE6 you would have half the crowd screaming about losing control and the other half cheering loudly .
I honestly believe that people who want a better browser experience , or who know what a browser is , have already upgraded .
So basically , I do n’t care about what features Microsoft commits to .
They could tell me that IE9 is going to cook me breakfast and clean up my house , I do n’t really care .
What I want Microsoft to commit to is a shorter release schedule for IE .
You wonder why IE8 came out this year and did n’t have screaming fast javascript engines like Firefox and Chrome ?
It was because that was n’t in the plan 2 years ago when they started designing IE8 .
If they do n’t release faster , then by the time they release it , no one will care anymore .
The features wo n’t be useful , or will already be implemented in a dozen other browsers .
Google felt so held back by IE that they even released a tool called Chrome Frame ( currently in testing ) .
What is that ?
It is a plugin for IE that renders the current page with Chrome .
It allows IE users to get all of the benefits of Chrome ( like a very very fast javascript engine ) without having to leave Internet Explorer .
Basically , Google said that if Microsoft was n’t going to update IE rapidly enough , then they would .
Microsoft ’s response ?
They called Chrome Frame a security risk .
It seems to me that if IE was keeping up , then projects like Chrome Frame would really have no reason to even exist .
Summary
As you might know , I ’m a Microsoft guy , not a Microsoft hater … but I am also not a blind follower .
And I am certainly not an Internet Explorer fan .
I believe that Microsoft knows they have problems with IE , and I believe that they are committed to fixing most of them .
But instead of promising support for new features in versions of IE that are years away , I think that Microsoft needs to make a firm commitment to start releasing a new version of IE every year and keep iterating until they have a competitive browser again that is n’t holding back the internet .
Then , and only then , will IE let the web move forward .
So you see , the Internet is n’t being held hostage , it is merely lumbering along at the pace of it ’s largest player .
UPDATE Wednesday p.m.
A federal judge on Wednesday gave the Obama Administration its first opportunity in District Court to exploit its victory in this case , calling for new briefing on its impact on a pending habeas case .
The order by District Judge Gladys Kessler is here , applying to detainee Suleiman Awadh Bin Agil Al - Nadhi .
— — — —-
The D.C. Circuit Court , filling in some of the legal blanks left by the Supreme Court on the president ’s power to detain terrorist suspects , on Tuesday upheld the broadest view the government has taken of that authority , and ruled that the power is not limited in any way by international law , including the law of war .
Only domestic law controls whom the president may detain , and those home - grown legal concepts sweep widely , the appeals court ruled .
Its decision — very likely to be challenged in further appeals – can be read here .
The ruling in Al - Bihani v. Obama ( Circuit docket 09 - 5051 ) was the first by the Circuit Court to directly apply the Supreme Court ’s 2008 decision in Boumediene v. Bush creating a constitutional right for Guantanamo Bay detainees to challenge their captivity .
Unless reviewed and overturned either by the en banc Circuit Court or the Supreme Court , the new decision will control how scores of detainee cases are resolved in District Court in Washington .
The Circuit Court panel embraced the definition of detention power first spelled out by the Bush Administration ( somewhat wider than the Obama Administration has advocated ) and adopted by U.S. District Judge Richard J. Leon .
Leon has been prepared to allow a wider scope for detention than most of his District Court colleagues ; their views on the issue must now yield .
Conceivably , the practical result may be that fewer detainees can now win court orders for their release .
While the government has not appealed to the Circuit Court all of the prior release orders , it presumably has a free hand now to contest almost any such order .
Moreover , the government ’s chances of defending detentions in court appeared to be enhanced by the new ruling , since the panel concluded that detainees captured on overseas battlefields do not have the full array of procedural rights that , say , a domestic criminal would have in a habeas case .
“ Requiring highly protective procedures at the tail end of the detention process for detainees like Al - Bihani would have systemic effects on the military ’s entire approach to war , ” the panel said .
The decision was supported in full by two of the most conservative members of the Circuit Court : Judges Janice Rogers Brown ( who wrote the main opinion as well as a separate concurrence for herself alone ) and Brett M. Kavanaugh .
The third member of the panel , Senior Circuit Judge Stephen F. Williams , supported only the result — denial of habeas for Al - Bihani — and expressly questioned the majority ’s view that presidential detention power was not limited by international law , including the law of war .
Although the opinion for the majority represented the views of only two members of the Circuit Court , it is a decision that is binding on any other Circuit panel that hears a Guantanano detainee case raising issues of detention power and courtroom rights .
It could be overturned at the Circuit Court level only by a majority of the en banc Court .
Al - Bihani ’s lawyers have the option of seeking such review , or taking the case on to the Supreme Court .
In her separate opinion , Judge Brown argued that the courts may not be the proper forum for resolving issues raised by “ wartime detention , ” under existing legal norms .
The processing by a court of habeas claims by such detainees , she indicated , is flawed during wartime .
“ In the midst of an ongoing war , time to entertain a process of literal trial and error is not a luxury we have , ” the opinion said .
She expressly noted that the Supreme Court “ has not foreclosed Congress from establishing new habeas standards ” to carry out the Boumediene decision .
The decision applied , in its specific result , only to the case of Ghaleb Nassar Al - Bihani , a Yemeni national who has been at Guantanamo since 2002 .
Judge Leon upheld his continued detention , concluding that Al - Bihani had served as a cook in a military brigade that was supporting the Taliban movement in Afghanistan , with links to the Al - Qaeda terrorist network .
The Circuit Court , while denying his habeas challenge , also resolved constitutional and legal issues that are at stake in virtually every other Guantanamo case in the District Courts in Washington — the only court in which such habeas cases are tried .
Judge Brown ’s opinion , while speaking very broadly on detention authority and confining very narrowly the habeas rights of detainees , also indicated that there could be “ more difficult ” cases than Al - Bihani ’s coming along .
She did not indicate exactly what that might mean , although she suggested that Al - Bihani ’s role as a direct participant in a military unit may have been what made his case easier .
“ We have no occasion here , ” she wrote , “ to explore the outer bounds of what constitutes sufficient support or indica of membership [ for a military or terrorist group ] to meet the detention standard . ”
The language of her majority opinion , and the sentiments she expressed in her separate concurrence , indicated that the panel was largely moved by the view that “ an ongoing war ” made a major difference not only to the scope of presidential power , but also to the limits on procedural rights for detainees who go to court to test their confinement .
In the context of “ wartime detention , ” the majority opinion said , “ national securfity interests are at their zenith and the rights of the alien [ habeas ] petitioner at their nadir . ”
Judge Brown ’s separate opinion also spoke of a novel form of “ new warfare , ” to which old legal concepts are not well suited .
“ War is a challenge to law , and the law must adjust , ” she wrote .
On the specific issue of presidential detention power , the majority explicitly accepted the Bush Administration definition ( adopted also by Judge Leon ) that the power extends to anyone who was “ part of or supporting Taliban or Al - Qaeda forces , or associated forces that are engaged in hostilities against the United States or its coalition partners . ”
( The Obama Administration ’s view was that the power should exist when the form of “ support ” to the Taliban or Al - Qaeda was “ substantial . ” )
The panel rejected Al - Bihani ’s argument that detention power extends only to those who are part of an official state military or to a civilian who has committed a direct hostile act , such as firing a gun in combat .
Al - Bihani insisted he did not fit either category , and , therefore , that international law of war barred his detention .
Presidential detention power , stemming from the post - 9/11 congressional resolution ( the Authorization for the Use of Military Force ) , is not limited by international law , the majority said in the part of the opinion to which Judge Williams expressly objected .
Concepts of international law , the majority said , lack “ controlling legal force . ”
Turning from presidential power to the nature of the legal rights that detainees have in habeas challenges , the majority rejected every one of Al - Bihani ’s claims that the procedures used in his case were inadequate .
The panel rejected his claim that a “ reasonable doubt ” standard should be used to test the government ’s reasons for detention , embracing instead a “ preponderance of the evidence ” ( the lowest legal hurdle ) .
More broadly , the panel turned aside his basic claim that as a detainee he was entitled in his habeas case to the procedural protections that normally are available in a regular court case involving a criminal in custody .
Habeas procedures for wartime detainees , the majority said , need not match those developed for regular criminal cases .
In Judge Williams ’ view , Al - Bihani lost his challenge primarily because of his own admissions of a role in a military or para- military unit in Afghanistan .
Early civilisations prospered by taming rivers , but as water gets scarce in some regions , populations rise and lifestyles remain the same , we might not be far from warring over water , writes SYLVIA THOMPSON
FORGET PEAK OIL .
Forget climate change .
Peak water is where it ’s at , according to Scottish journalist and broadcaster , Alexander Bell , who has just written a fascinating book , Peak Water ( Luath Press , Scotland ) .
“ It ’s the coming issue of our age , ” says Bell .
“ Civilisation is thirsty .
It has never stopped to think about what would happen if the water ran out . ”
And while Bell acknowledges tackling climate change is important , he firmly states peak water would have happened with or without it .
“ You could say that it ’s a re-framing of the climate change [ issues ] and what we are doing with the planet .
With climate change , we ’ve become conditioned to the idea of disaster but by focusing on water , you ca n’t say there is nothing you can do .
Water is a precious resource that is running out in various parts of the world and even if it ’s not running out in Ireland or Scotland , we will lose food , clothing and stability of the world order as we know it because of water shortages . ”
Writing for the non-expert reader , Bell offers a fascinating journey through civilisations , charting how important access to water was in their growth and , in many cases , their demise .
He brings us back to ancient civilisations in Persia , Egypt , China and Peru , with details of canal transport , aqueducts , dams and irrigation schemes .
Bell argues that when humankind began to lose its connection to the river , we got the water to follow us rather than us following it .
“ The triumph of the early empires is that they tame unpredictable flows but from about 1,000 BC on , civilisation begins to take the control of water for granted and something that has been magical becomes a given .
It is still the source of power and the determinant to an empire ’s success but the gradual process of burying water under the complexity of the state begins , ” he writes .
This process , according to Bell , was evident in Greek and Roman civilisations where the source of food moved farther from the cities , and water became more associated with cleanliness than with basic survival .
“ Two thousand years ago , places to wash in Rome were as common as coffee shops today , ” he writes .
“ And a whole body of jurisprudence existed to govern the ownership and rights to water flow . ”
Some of the current problems with water shortages stem from our luxurious approach to water , particularly in places where there is very little .
Bell is particularly fascinated by Dubai , which “ has the highest water consumption per capita in the world .
It sucks up water for construction , agriculture and industry .
It gulps in the name of luxury and cleanliness , ” he writes .
He also cites the excessive use of water in the US , particularly in places such as Las Vegas where there is very little .
“ In gated communities , huge structures look out over green lawns and rolling golf courses and artificial lakes .
Never mind that the water for Las Vegas is piped from miles away – this is 20th century civilisation , where water follows man – no matter the lunacy of the destination . ”
And while he acknowledges that the Las Vegas city council now offers incentives for planting desert grass and fines for wasting water , Bell predicts that cities such as Las Vegas will die by ecocide .
The great rivers of the world are already running dry .
The Colorado does n’t make it to the Pacific Ocean for half the year .
The rivers that made China , the Yellow and the Yangtze , also fail to reach the sea for stretches of the year .
It ’s the same story with the Nile and the Ganges .
As Bell puts it , “ the iconic rivers of our imagination are drying up .
The rivers are the visible , potent symbols of our deluded belief in water control .
With them come wetlands , flood plains , natural irrigation and the steady , if slow , replenishment of underground water reserves . ”
Bell argues that while the great empires of the east used water to establish a consistent food supply , the northern countries used it “ to lubricate the growth of capital .
“ In the east , water control meant simple social structures of a ruling elite and a labouring class .
In the north , water helped create a more complex hierarchy , based on wealth and skill .
This liberal society found water could drive the mills that kick - started major industries .
This created factories and the lure of urban living and higher wages to draw people from the countryside .
It could move barges full of coal and cotton .
Steam powered larger engines , pumps , trains and then ships . ”
And while Bell acknowledges that some of our current crises are caused by global warming , he argues that unsustainable water usage is a key reason the ways of the world have to change .
LIKE BELL , MANYwriters have raised the point that when population growth in places such as India and China is coupled with the desire for a more western lifestyle , this puts further pressure on natural resources including water .
This is where the idea of valuing water as a precious resource links right into the same issues raised by climate change .
In fact , the idea of an individual water footprint has already been raised .
A water footprint encompasses the reality that we affect water beyond our borders when countries that have a short supply of water grow and make things that have a heavy demand on water .
Bell suggests that revaluing water across the globe would take a radical shift .
He explains how , because water is growing scarce in traditional wheat - , rice - and maize - growing areas of the US , India and Pakistan , it should be possible that the wet north could replace production , in part .
He also suggests that the north European ( and now North American ) model of industrialised , liberal , capitalist society may be best suited to wet countries .
Secondly , he suggests we are quite used to making naturally occurring materials such as coal or oil into assets , so why not water ?
There is already a price on water in some places but putting a price on water that changes people ’s usage habits ( both personal and agricultural ) is a broader issue .
Bell says : “ We should be the ones who build new houses with composting toilets and reed beds to clean the waste water .
We should instigate rainwater collection on a large scale . . .
We should ensure that more food is grown for local consumption .
The wet world should grow vital food for the dry world . ”
BELL ALSO BRINGSup the widely held belief that the next wars to be fought in the world will be over water .
In fact , he states that such wars have already occurred in some places – for example , between Pakistan and India .
And the investment bank Goldman Sacks has dubbed water the petroleum for the next century .
“ With the Cold War over and the threat from mass nuclear deployment apparently gone , we have switched our fears to a water war , ” he writes .
According to Bell , what both threats show is that we fear our capacity to self - destruct ( many would argue that much of the rhetoric around climate change comes from the same place ) .
He adds : “ the reality of changing our water use is colossal .
It calls for a new kind of civilisation built on global co-operation .
The penalty for not doing this will be widespread social chaos . ”
Description :
Oh hi there .
Yes actually I am just good at everything .
Tagged for : Skills
India plans to launch its first manned space mission in 2016 , moving to become the fourth nation to put a man in space .
Space scientists and senior officials of the state - run ISRO are preparing a pre-project report to build the infrastructure and facilities for the mission , estimated to cost a $ 2.76 billion .
ISRO chairman K. Radhakrishnan said the agency would develop the space module for the program within four years .
We are planning a human space flight in 2016 , with two astronauts who will spend seven days in the Earth 's lower orbit , Radhakrishnan told reporters at ISRO headquarters in Bangalore .
The government had allocated $ 10 million for pre-project initiatives in 2007 - 08 .
The space agency will also establish a facility in Bangalore for training the astronauts and build a third launch pad at its spaceport in the southern state of Andhra Pradesh .
Spacecraft for the proposed manned mission will have extra facilities like entry into crew capsule and an escape chute , the chairman said .
In September , India 's Chandrayaan - 1 satellite discovered water on the moon , boosting India 's credibility among established space - faring nations .
If successful , its bid to put a man in space will follow the United States , Russia , and China
FREE Credit Report Review First Name :* Last Name :* State : Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut DistrictOfColumbia Florida Illinois Indiana Iowa Kentucky Louisiana Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Mexico New York North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Dakota Tennessee Texas Vermont Virginia Washington City : Phone :* Email :* Enter Captcha : Testimonials " I can not begin to express my gratitude for saving me several court appearances , garnished wages , and about $ 30,000 . "
- Mike Barrett
You handled this debt in a fast and cheap way after years of bill collectors trying to make us feel guilty of something we did n't create .
- Cesar Gomez FREE CONSULTATION :
1.800.213.9968 Home Contact Us Contact Debt Free League
Thank you for visiting our web site .
We look forward to serving you .
For assistance , please contact us at the following :
Prospective Clients Debt Free League
1-800-213-9968
info@debtfreeleague.com Affiliates Affiliate Relations
affiliates@debtfreeleague.com
1-800-213-9968 Debt Collectors Customer Service
debtservices@debtfreeleague.com
1-800-213-9968 Business Location 25185 Madison Ave , Suite A ,
Murrieta , CA 92584 Get Your Free Credit Report Evaluation : ( 800 ) 213-9968 Copyright © 2014 Debt Free League ( www.debtfreeleague.com) all rights reserved .
A MAN told today of his disbelief at being fined for blowing his nose while his van was stopped in London .
Michael Mancini wiped his nose with a handkerchief while stuck in traffic in October 2009 .
But when the traffic cleared , he was pulled over by police who told him he had not been in control of his vehicle .
Mr Mancini , from Ayrshire in Scotland , was handed a $ US97 fine and three points on his driving license .
" I was stopped in traffic and had the handbrake on and thought to myself , ' I ? ve just got time to blow my nose , ' " he said .
" Then police pulled me over and I was booked .
I genuinely thought they were joking . "
Mr Mancini refused to pay the penalty .
His solicitor wrote to prosecutors earlier in January explaining that Mr Mancini was in charge of the vehicle because his handbrake was on , therefore the offense did not occur .
But prosecutors replied the next day warning that if the fine was n't paid the case would be taken to court .
Mr Mancini said , " I intend on taking this all the way to court .
I still do n't believe it actually happened " .
Read more on this story at Sky News .
IT gadget company Apple singled out the Australian market for an honourable mention while announcing its record quarterly profit of $ 3.8 billion .
A pat on the head for our increasing i-with - everything habit is the least we should expect given the on - going iTunes rip off .
With Apple to announce another major i-product tonight – a “ slate ” e-book reader / video viewer / iTV / web watcher / personal vibrator / whatever – Australia 's love affair with the brand continues to lock customers into Apple software .
And the cost of that is nowhere more obvious than the massive iTunes store , the world 's biggest digital music shop which routinely charges Australians 40 per cent and more than it does Americans .
And that 's after allowing for the addition of the 10 per cent GST to the American prices .
Even for something as universal as the Hope For Haiti Now fund raiser album , Apple charges Americans just $ US7.99 .
With the current dip in our exchange rate to about 90.5 US cents , that 's $ 8.83 in local coin .
Adding GST would make it $ 9.71 , but Apple slogs Australians $ 13.99 for the thing – a 44 per cent mark - up on the US price .
Or 44 per cent rip off , depending on your point of view .
Latest News
STOP BY JAMAIS ASSEZ TO GET YOUR HANDS ON THE LAST VASES AND PLANTERS AVAILABLE FROM OUR AUGUSTE COLLECTION .
Jamais Assez
5155 Boul St - Laurent John Street
Montreal , QC H2T 1R9
EXCLUSIVE / LIMITED EDITION PRINTS & PLANTERS AVAILABLE ONLINE @ FABRIQUE1840 BY SIMONS
OUR ONA NECKLACES AVAILABLE @ ETAT DE STYLE IN MONTREAL
Etat de Style
351 Avenue Duluth E , Montreal , QC H2W 1J3
( 514 ) 566-2956
FR/EN
Nous travaillons actuellement sur la version française de notre site web .
Merci de votre patience !
A French version of our website will be online shortly .
Thanks for your patience !
We 're getting reports from sea to shining sea this evening that T - Mobile service is down or intermittent on both voice and data -- particularly bad timing in light of the recent Sidekick drama .
We 've tested in New York and it 's definitely down for us -- both voice and data -- so how 's service treating everyone out there ?
[ Thanks to everyone who sent this in ]
Update :
We just got an official statement from T - Mobile , and it 's confirmed -- service is down .
Here 's the statement :
" T- Mobile customers may be experiencing service disruptions impacting voice and data .
Our rapid response teams have been mobilized to restore service as quickly as possible .
We will provide updates as more information is available . "
All service is now restored , according to the company -- they say about 5 percent of users were affected by the outage , though circumstantial evidence would certainly suggest that the number is higher ( especially considering that New York City was one of the dead zones ) .
View of the Canberra Complex showing the 70 m ( 230 ft. ) antenna and the 34 m ( 110 ft. ) antennas .
The Canberra Deep Space Communications Complex , located outside Canberra , Australia , is one of the three complexes which comprise NASA 's Deep Space Network .
The other complexes are located in Goldstone , California , and Madrid , Spain .
Rovers and deep space probes can forget about quickly postingcool high - definition videos to YouTube , given the painfully slow data transferrates for most of today 's space missions .
But NASA wants to change that by fusing together three agedspacecommunication networks into a much faster , more efficient data networkworthy of 21st century missions to the moon , Mars and beyond .
And it hopes todo it all without costing taxpayers an extra cent .
NASA 's overhaul aims to boost space communication by asmuch as 50 times faster than today 's data transfer rates , so that a Marsmission squeaking by on a few megabits per second might someday get as much as600 megabits per second , if not more .
That could enable far more scientificpayoff per mission in the long run .
" Imagine what you can accomplish with a singlemission instead of several spacecraft flying over several years to collect thedata , " said Badri Younes , NASA 's deputy associate administrator for SpaceCommunications and Navigation .
An upgraded network might support the very quick uploador download of huge video files the size of an HD YouTube video , as opposed tocurrent capabilities that would struggle to transfer mp3 music files .
Younes worked at NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center for adecade before leaving to join the U.S. Department of Defense .
But the U.S.space agency hired him back in August 2007 for the purpose of revolutionizingits space communication networks .
From Chevy to Lamborghini
Younes faces the tricky task of creating a new spacecommunication network out of NASA systems that have not had upgrades since theearly 1990s .
He also must ensure that the rebuilding period does not interferewith NASA 's support of ongoing space missions , ranging from the InternationalSpace Station to Mars orbiters .
" It 's like driving a 1960s Chevy that 's beat up andlosing paint while going at 90 mph , and being pushed to convert that into aLamborghini while driving 90 mph without losing a beat , " Younes told SPACE.com .
The challenge goes beyond consolidating command centersand launching new satellites to support NASA 's Space Network ( SN ) , Near - earthNetwork ( NEN ) , and DeepSpace Network ( DSN ) .
Younes has already begun to reduce maintenance andoperation costs by putting in new automated and smart systems , so that he can transferthe cost savings within his $ 400 million annual budget into new spacecommunications capabilities and technologies .
In the past , NASA has cobbled together its spacecommunication networks based on the demands of each new space mission .
But thatpiecemeal approach has limited the technological upgrades , because each missionhad to pay out of its own pocket .
By doing a wholesale upgrade of a unified spacecommunication network , Younes can offer mission managers capabilities that theywould otherwise have never dreamed of .
He has already targeted 2018 as the latestdate for integrating the three existing space networks .
Lasers point to the future
The U.S. space agency is already pushing newcommunication innovations such as disruption tolerant networking .
The NASA - developed Internet protocol ensures that communication delays or disruptions from solarstorms wo n't disrupt the flow of data packets across space networks , and hasundergone testing in near - Earth as well as deep - space missions .
Speed boosts may come from newer Ka-band transmittersthat still work in the radio spectrum ?
the LunarReconnaissance Orbiter can send or receive 100 megabits per second with itsKa-band transmitter .
NASA also plans to implement communication protocols thatcan increase the virtual bandwidth available to space missions ,
But one of the biggest communication revolutions willcome from laser - driven optical communication , as opposed to current spacecommunications based on radio frequencies .
Lasers could allow data transferspeeds of up to 600 megabits per second , as Younes hopes , or perhaps evenspeeds surpassing 1 gigabit per second ( 1 gigabit = 1024 megabits ) from themoon or Mars .
That data stream could be even higher for a near - Earth spacecraftor outpost such as the space station .
NASA has already enlisted the help of MIT to build and demoa laser communications system aboard the Lunar Atmosphere and Dust EnvironmentExplorer , slated for launch in late 2011 .
A successful test would go a long waytoward ensuring that NASA 's Constellation astronauts returning to the moonhave a much faster connection to Earth .
" You have to start with the premise that anythingyou do in life can always be optimized , " Younes said .
I got home from a WSM meeting last night to discover via Facebook that Howard Zinn had just died .
In the twelve hours since hundreds of my FB friends have posted reactions to this enormous loss and links to his material .
Reproducing these spontaneous and often heartfelt reactions here seems a fitting way of marking the death of the man who wrote " We do n't have to engage in grand , heroic actions to participate in the process of change .
Small acts , when multiplied by millions of people , can transform the world . "
Scattered through the updates are Youtube videos of Zinn and quotations from him that people have posted to Facebook .
At the end I 've also included links to material by Zinn people have posted and quotations from him .
The status updates are listed in the reverse order to how I received them ( i.e. the first are at the bottom of this post ) and in some cases are comments on status updates as well as the updates themselves .
They are mostly from the US and Ireland , BTW if anyone wants to be removed from the list just email me at andrewnflood ATgmail.com
For those who had n't heard of Zinn he was a radical historial and anti war & civil rights activist probably best known for writing ' A People 's History of the United States ' , a book everyone should read .
He 'd been the bomb aimer in US bombers during World War II and later investigated the effects of some of the bombing raids he participated in , including one that saw the first use of napalm in Europe in a 1200 bomber raid on a French town near the end of the war .
His parents were migrant factor workers but he was able to use the post - war GI bill to go to college where his master 's thesis looked at the 1914 Colorado coal strikes .
As an academic he became involved with the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee ( SNCC ) and took part in sit ins in Georgia .
During the Vietnam war he visited Hanoi with Daniel Berrigan and with Noam Chomsky edited / annotated the Pentagon Papers , top secret leaked documents which revealed the secret bombing of Laos and Cambodia which had not been reported in the US media .
He remained active and opposed the war and occupation of Iraq .
The sense of Zinn the activist is probably best captured in Daniel Ellsberg post ' A Memory of Howard Zinn '
It was Ellsberg who had secretly copied the Pentagon papers and Zinn and his wife Roz had hidden the paper for Ellsberg prior to publication .
From this ;
Then one of the officers came over to Howard and said , “ You ’re Professor Zinn , are n’t you ? ”
Howard said yes , and the officer reached down and shook his hand enthusiastically .
He said , “ I heard you lecture at the Police Academy .
A lot of us here did .
That was a wonderful lecture . ”
Howard had been asked to speak to them about the role of dissent and civil disobedience in American history .
Several other policemen came over to pay their respects to Howard and thank him for his lecture .
The mood seemed quite a bit different from Washington .
Then a line of employees emerged from the building , wearing coats and ties or dresses .
Their arms were raised and they were holding cards in their raised hands .
As they circled past us they hold out the cards so we could see what they were : ID cards , showing they were federal employees .
They were making the peace - sign with their other hands , they were circling around the building to show solidarity with what we were doing .
Their spokesman said over a bullhorn , “ We want this war to be over , too !
Thank you for what you are doing !
Keep it up . ”
Photographers , including police , were scrambling to take pictures of them , and some of them held up their ID cards so they would get in the picture .
It was the high point of the day .
A little while after the employees had gone back inside the building , there was a sudden shift in the mood of the police ...
But there was no arrest warning .
There was a whistle , and the line of police began inching forward , black batons raised upright .
They were going to walk through us or over us , push us back .
The man in front of us , who had been talking to Howard about his lecture a little earlier , muttered to us under his breath , “ Leave !
Now !
Quick , get up . ”
He was warning , not menacing us .
Howard and I looked at each other .
We ’d come expecting to get arrested .
It did n’t seem right to just get up and move because someone told us to , without arresting us .
We stayed where we were .
No one else left either .
Boots were touching our shoes .
The voice over our heads whispered intensely , “ Move !
Please .
For God ’s sake , move ! ”
Knees in uniform pressed our knees .
I saw a club coming down .
I put my hands over my head , fists clenched , and a four - foot baton hit my wrist , hard .
Another one hit my shoulder .
I rolled over , keeping my arms over my head , got up and moved back a few yards .
Howard was being hauled off by several policemen .
One had Howard ’s arms pinned behind him , another had jerked his head back by the hair .
Someone had ripped his shirt in two , there was blood on his bare chest ..
Glitter Ball - Howard Zinn RIP
Sam McGrath - RIP .
Deirdre Murphy - sad about howard zinn
Eif C - Bye bye Howard Zinn
Manuel Baptista via Andrew Flood :
We all have been his students !
May he rest in peace !
Joe Catron - thanks Howard Zinn for opening the minds of millions .
How fitting that you passed into eternity on this , a night when so many were reminded of the ultimate futility of bourgeois politics .
Requiescat in pace .
Alessandra Giannini via Andrew Flood : ci mancherà molto .
Ian Martin -
Thank you Howard Zinn there are no words .
one thing that made him so special is how he never lost hope , never lost his positivity , despite all the injustices he witnessed .
that spark in his eyes and warmth in his voice will be missed .
thank you howard
Chris Martin - A People 's History of American Empire , by Howard Zinn
Ian Martin - Still bummed about Zinn , but in my imagination there 's a concert going on up in heaven tonight .
Zinn is telling one of his stories about people 's struggles and Joe strummer is providing the tunes
Mische Litvak - howard zinn is dead so i have to get drunk immediately
Michael Chisari -
If you want to read a real history book , read Howard Zinn ’s A People ’s History of the United States .
That book will knock you on your ass .
Todd C. M. Stone - RIP
Howard Z .
Warren Conatser Echevarria - guy had a fascinating life
Deric Shannon -
We lost Howard Zinn today .
We lost a lot today .
Brendan K via Steve Ongerth : RIP Howard Zinn
Brenden S. - Good - Bye Howard Zinn .
Thank you for all of your wonderful work and helping give perspective to this ridiculous country of ours !
Jeremy Lightell -:(
Wyatt Niehaus -
Oh my god .
Aubrey Colson - A terrible loss ...
Jennifer Quintana - oh wow ! :(
Danny Eberhardt - i am sadden
Mike Eakins - truly a sad day
Nathan Oyler - a very sad day .
Deric Shannon - Awful news .
" I can UNDERSTAND pessimism , but I do n’t BELIEVE in it .
It ’s not simply a matter of faith , but of historical EVIDENCE .
Not overwhelming evidence , just enough to give HOPE , because for hope we do n’t need certainty , only POSSIBILITY . "
Michelle Corbett - a huge loss .
Jake Wood - this makes me sad ... what an amazing person to have lost
Paul Kane - heartbreaking
Brett Jarczyk - Howard Zinn and the voices of the people will not be forgotten !
Jacques Johnson - a life changing historian ..... thank you Dr. Zinn
Donovan Jenkins -
What an amazing man . :(
Michelle Landers -
Such a loss .
Beata Tsosie - Pena - I will be forever grateful for his work
Cameron Hughes - rest in peace , comrade .
Hugh Jasoll -
He will live on and so will his influence
Greg
Alt - is on a train and takin ' sides .
Thanks Howard Zinn .
Alvaro Maldonado via Kenneth Hall : - thank you for all the gifts you gave us Howard Zinn !
Nathan Moore -
My heart goes out to Professor Zinn 's family .
Like so many Americans , I was profoundly influenced by " A People 's History of the United States . "
Thank you Howard for a lifetime of speaking out for the workers , the poor , and the oppressed .
Brett Jarczyk -
What a sad day .
I could feel it in the air .
Nicolas Phebus via Miguel Gosselin Dionne : Oh shit .
Grosse perte pour la gauche radicale américaine .
Leah Doherty Howard Zinn on Activism : " Do n't Give Up "
Matt McLaughlin - Howard Zinn , 1922 - 2010 .
PRESENTE
Nicholas Kemper - Rest in peace , Howard .
You will be greatly missed !
Pablo Avendaño - Perhaps one of the greatest human beings of our time .
He had a tremendous impact on my life even though I never met him .
Through his books I discovered a more complete and dynamic sense of history .
He embodied the concept of praxis .
I hope that as a educator I can contribute as much to the struggle for human libera ... tion as he did .
He will be greatly missed and not soon
Cha Cha DiGregorio - RIP
Howard Zinn .
Jed Brandt — Howard Zinn wrote ' A People 's History of the United States ' to tell the side of the story we actually live on .
Andrew Byrne - RIP
Howard Zinn
Michael Hughes -
We 've lost a true hero .
RIP , Howard .
You did a damn good job .
David O'Connell - RIP
Howard Zinn
Evan W. Wolfson - I do n't agree with everything he stood for , but he was a very important figure with a great critique of U.S. history from the perspective of working people and the oppressed .
Angelica Nieves - howard zinn died today and so did a bit of my heart .
RIP , we will continue where you left off ....
William Whyte - Sorry to hear about Howard Zinn .
Bree At Last Johnson - I 'm gonna miss you . :(
" 'I would try to be fair to other points of view , but I wanted more than " objectivity " ; I wanted students to leave my classes not just better informed , but more prepared to relinquish the safety of silence , more prepared to speak up , to act against injustice wherever they saw it . ' "
Yaniv Kleinman - simply one of the greatest Americans of our time .
He will not be replaced -- or soon forgotten .
How we loved him back .
Ginny Browne -
Thank you , Howard Zinn . ♥
Robyn Calder - RIP
Howard Zinn .
I 'm sure you are watching this moment in history from a special place in heaven ...
Yaniv Kleinman -
One of this country 's finest public intellectuals is gone : RIP Howard Zinn .
I first read him when I was only 15 , still in high school and beginning to question everything I had been taught about U.S. history .
To say that his life and work inspired countless of people would be an understatement - he truly did not waste his time here on earth .
Matt Hart - Howard Zinn passed away and Ojore was arrested on his way home from visiting .
Mixed with sadness and anger
Diane Krasnodebski via Charngchi
Way : shit , I just found out
Christine Karatnytsky posted " On Human Nature and Aggression . "
Paul Dalton -
One of my greatest heroes has passed .
Howard Zinn was one of the great minds , a man who looked at history not as tales of triumph , but as the stories of normal people , the struggles of the everyday - who never despaired over the possibilities for radical transformation .
more
James Birmingham - RIP
Howard Zinn
Harjit Singh Gill -
In loving memory of Howard Zinn who just passed at 87 .
He has been so vital to so many of us .
Rest in peace and thank you for everything .
" To be hopeful in bad times is not just foolishly romantic .
It is based on the fact that human history is a history not only of cruelty , but also of compassion , sacrifice , courage , kindness …
And if we do act , we do n’t have to wait for some grand utopian future .
The future is an infinite succession of presents . " - posted by Camilo Viveiros
Isaac Miller - RIP
Howard Zinn .
You were one of the best of us .
Your legacy will continue to shape how we see our world .
Deirdre Murphy via Paul McAndrew : so long , mr. zinn ... rip
Atle Mikkola Kjøsen - R.I.P. Howard Zinn .
Dave Rose - Howard was indeed one beautiful and compassionate human being .
Ricky Grams via Adam Welch : Saw him speak at Macalester College in St. Paul in the mid 90s .
He was a huge influence on me and is how I came across anarchism .
RIP .
Ian Martin - R.I.P. Howard Zinn .
I 'm super sad right now .
One of the big influences in my life and someone you could tell was a genuinely good person .
The world will miss him .
George Ramirez - Really sad to hear that , huge influence on me too .
His People 's History of the United States was amazing .
I loved how he never stopped fighting for social justice , and kept on writing till the end .
Gwendolyn Carson -
The world is a better place for his having been here .
Shall miss him .
Wendy Leith - FUCK ! god damn it .
senia b.-
" We do n't have to engage in grand , heroic actions to participate in the process of change .
Small acts , when multiplied by millions of people , can transform the world ... "
RIP Howard Zinn
Jaggi Singh posted " We can persuade them by scaring them . "
Farah فرح مخترعیزاده Mokhtareizadeh - has fond , fond memories of Dr. Zinn .
His passing is very sad .
Ensha'Allah his work inspired others to be courageous advocates for ' the people ' .
Thank you for everything dear Howard , you will surely be missed !
Mark Bray - RIP
Howard Zinn
Amy Greene - R.I.P. Howard Zinn - thank you for all of your good work !
Still have my copy of " A People 's History of the United States " that I 've had since December 1993 .
Aidan Rowe - RIP
Howard Zinn .
Christine Karatnytsky - Howard Zinn presente !
Annominous Augury - I hope I can do good things that make people want to remember and speak highly of me and die when I 'm older than 85 .
♥
Well done , Mr. Zinn .
Daniel Cull -
This is very sad news ...
Howard Zinn Presente !
Seomra Spraoi - Howard Zinn RIP
Janky Hellface RIP - Howard Zinn ... :(
Andrej Grubacic - Howard Zinn died of a heart attack today .
David Buccola -
What a sad day .
Megan Fisher Redington - oh oh! no. sad .
Grace Kristine Kavanah - Nooooooooooooooooooo !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :(
Liz Highleyman - very sad ...
Michael Toal - Damn .
Joseph Cardwell - Much love for this man .
What a great American .
John Di Barrio - very , very sad
Elizabeth Ω Kaplan - Iconoclast does n't do him justice .
John Cline -
This is a great loss .
Zinn was an inspiration .
Grazia Francioli Bittner - thanks !
may he never be forgotten - - a true Patriot !
Ron Jacobs - a good honest man
Frau Dietrich - Wow !
Loved him !
Dennis Brasky Kobray - there will be others , but they will stand on Zinn 's shoulders !
Nick Gilliam - : (
Alfred Kovnat -
He was a great man , he will be missed by everyone that has a conscience
Matthew Smyth - VIVA ZINN
" On the Reality of War "
Abraham Greenhouse - RIP
Howard Zinn
Rann Bar - On - fuck .
That really sad news :(
Janine Russo -
He was truely a great historian !
He will be missed !
Yasmin
Thelight - howard zinn died today .
this physical world has thus lost one serious badass of a human .
very few people have influenced my life in such a marked and sharp way as he did .
let his life 's legacy serve as a reminder that revolution is neither static nor singular , and that well - crafted thoughts and artfully arranged words are powerful beyond measure .
" To recall this [ history ] is to remind people of what the establishment would like them to forget - the enormous capacity of apparently helpless people to resist , of apparently contented people to demand change .
To uncover such history is to find a powerful human impulse to assert one 's humanity .
It is to hold out , even in times of deep pessimism , the possibility of surprise . " - posted by John MacLean
Alison Parker - I am so despondent about this but grateful for his influence in helping shape my lifeviews .
Abbey Volcano - RIP
Howie ♥
Clair Norton - nooooooo ! :(
Adam Welch via Andrew Flood : sad face :'''(
Diana Pondivilla Victa - oh no . :(
Beth Hollingshead - I know ! :(
Eduardo Juarez -
This planet has lost a great man !
Harry Siitonen -
If Zinn 's " Peoples History of the US " would be the standard history text in all American schools , this would be a helluva lot better country .
Armando Catalan -
A great men , as a history student he has inspired me like many others to present history with a social conscience behind it , which is what we need to understand our current situation and to inspired ordinary popele to wake up and mobilize to bring real change , a movement and not a leader , a great lost indeed .
Rest in peace comrade Zinn you will be missed but he will live forever in spirit .
Claudia Lopez - :(
Liz Highleyman - R.I.P. activist author Howard Zinn
Jane DeNeefe - NO WAY !!!!
Susan Chervitz Migliorini - i just saw this .... so fast , it seems .
we had just watched " the people speak on history " recently and thought " he seems such a young 80 - something ....
Stephanie Berger - WOW ... what a lose ...
I had the opportunity to work with him in the mid 80's what a brilliant man ... wow - I am speechless ... his insight an vision will be sorely missed
Sharla Shotwell -
Thanks for the news , albeit how sad it is , Stephanie wow - what an amazing person to work with ... may he always RIP - Blessings to All .
" I draw upon historical experience to suggest that the apparent power of governments and corporations is in fact fragile , that it rests on theobedience of the citizenry , and when that obedience is withdrawn , extraordinary change can take place . " posted by Harris Bucklin
Fred Vaughn -
That is a loss .
Jennifer Holmes - WHAT ???
Aw man ...
Wayne Bryant -
Oh god , no !
Damn , we just saw him a few days ago at the movies .
Very sad .
Anna Bergman - Seems a good way to go for someone who lived a full , passionate life .
Jules Marsh -
Thanks for the heads up .
It 's a big loss . =(
Daniel Frontino Elash - ... the good dont always die young , do they ? ;-)
Maegdlyn Morris -
A great mind ....
Abbey Volcano via Charngchi Way : Guess he's not getting that copy of " Emma " he asked for ...
Ajax Unruled - I hate this .
Marcus Jacobson - boo !
David Buccola - Sad day .
We lost a good one .
Marty Moore -
Too sad ...
Adam Matlock - I thought for sure he'd out live me .
Angela DiGiulio - we 'll miss him !
John MacLean -
As Joe Hill said in a song , just " take a notion ... "
" I start from the supposition that the world is topsy - turvy , that things are all wrong , that the wrong people are in jail and the wrong people are out of jail , that the wrong people are in power and the wrong people are out of power , that the wealth is distributed in this country and the world in such a way as not simp ... ly to require small reform but to require a drastic reallocation of wealth .
I start from the supposition that we do n't have to say too much about this because all we have to do is think about the state of the world today and realize that things are all upside down .
Daniel Berrigan is in jail - A Catholic priest , a poet who opposes the war - and J. Edgar Hoover is free , you see .
David Dellinger , who has opposed war ever since he was this high and who has used all of his energy and passion against it , is in danger of going to jail .
The men who are responsible for the My Lai massacre are not on trial ; they are in Washington serving various functions , primary and subordinate , that have to do with the unleashing of massacres , which surprise them when they occur .
At Kent State University four students were killed by the National Guard and students were indicted .
In every city in this country , when demonstrations take place , the protesters , whether they have demonstrated or not , whatever they have done , are assaulted and clubbed by police , and then they are arrested for assaulting a police officer . " posted by Michael Effing McGehee
Harris Bucklin - I am so very sad at this news .
Reading Howard Zinn was one of the single most influential moments of my life .
Marilana Rufo - Noooooo .
He is my hero .
Michael Effing McGehee - Howard Zinn :
One of the kindest , gentlest , down to earth , coolest people to have taken residence on this planet .
While kids in garages fantasize about playing guitar with their heroes I dreamt of just listening to Bob Dylan records with him and shooting the shit .
Dave Rose - He was a wonderful human being who cared so much about people -- ALL people !
Matthew Snyder - Zinn : Radical , lefty . . . an equalitist to the core .
We 'll miss you beautiful fucker .
James Redmond - Howard Zinn is dead .
A loss .
Fergal Scullier - Yeah definitly RIP
Michael Chisari - Howard Zinn died ?!?
Raechel Tiffe - omg .
Abraham Greenhouse - :(
Oliver Sheppard - I know ... :(
Eric AntiFa - WHAT !?
When ?!
" There is no flag large enough to cover the shame of killing innocent people . " posted by Mike Jackson
Curt Bastian - I just read it in the New York Times .
As a person with my BA in history , it is a very sad day .
He revolutionized history , by writing from the peoples perspective , not the elites .
Jamie Koplin - I 'm completely blown back by this .
It 's so so so sad .
A legend is lost . :(
John Pickens - Green - Ack !
Alex Niculescu - RIP
Howard zinn .
Ryan Parker - Unlike , unlike !
Brandon Lacy Campos - OH NO !
Are you fucking for real ?
Brian McCracken - :(
Stanley A. Archacki III -
He will be sorely missed .
Donnacha DeLong - Howard Zinn dies aged 87 - RIP Comrade .
Sean Rovaldi - D'oh .
R.I.P. Howard
Nate Holdren - Sad news .
Nathan Moore posted " War is the greatest terrorism "
Alicia Gibson - Thanks for posting Nate .
Long life , full of little and big acts of courage .
We should all be so lucky , we should all be so committed .
Odhran Gavin - awh fuck , just heard howard zinn died .
one of my favourite historians .
" a people 's history of the usa " should be required reading for all history students
Wes Harbaugh -
He was supposed to speak at my University in oh , three days .... dang ...
Megan Smith - NO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Frank Piccirillo -
He will be missed .
RIP
Edward Miller - Yikes !
R.I.P. and thanks for the contributions you made to real history
Kara Wooldridge - he was great .
Mike Jackson - Howard Zinn , if we ever build peace you 'll be with us then .
Aileen O'Carroll -
Is sad to hear of Howard zinn 's death .
87 is a good innings but it 's sad all the same .
There are n't enough people like him in the world .
Paul Finch - RIP
Howard Zinn
Howard Zinn on Civil Disobedience
Mark Conroy via Andrew Flood : Ah , man .
This is such bad , bad , bad news .
I was only thinking about this happening yesterday .
I 've a few emails from him ( and am putting one of his articles in my Transition Year book ) , he was always most helpful and approachable .
Andrew Flood -
Sad news , we were trying to get him to speak at the Dublin anarchist bookfair this year , his A People ’s History of the United States was a great contribution
Kieran Holland - ah shit , I just got his book about the history of America :/
Miriam Cotton - Really sad to hear about this .
senia b. via Sarah Wald : rest in peace howard zinn ... you changed my life !
and will do so for multiple generations to come !
see you on the other side ...
Redjade InHungary - Very sad .
I read this guy 's book ' A People ’s History of the United States ' in high school and changed my view of the world ever since .
I am sorry that I never met him in person .
Everyone should read that book .
R.I.P
Angela Coraccio - is crushed that Howard Zinn passed away .
RIP Howard Zinn .
You were a great , great man .
I saw him once , and LOVED it .
He 's such an inspiration in a hundred ways .
Anna Cimini - what !!!
Christina M. Cameron -
Wow wow wow , this is news to me ... glad to have had so many chances to hear him speak .
Kristina Whittredge Flaherty - oh NO really !
Articles by and interviews with Zinn
Writings about Zinn
Zinn Education Project
Warning : mysqli_query ( ) : ( HY000 /1030 ) : Got error 28 from storage engine in /home / sportsun/ public_html/wp-includes/wp-db.php on line 1942
This commercial has been around for a few weeks , but it cracks me up nonetheless .
Retired MMA kickboxer Bas Rutten would like you and your children to wash your hands …
He ’d also like fat kids to do more push - ups .
Al Jazeera : China ’s Empty City
I was interviewed on Al Jazeera TV yesterday , for a report titled “ China ’s Empty City . ”
It centered on Ordos , Inner Mongolia , where a whole new city , constructed along central planning lines by the Chinese government , has been completed but stands entirely empty .
The reporters at Al Jazeera originally approached me because of my recent blog post on “ China ’s Quality of GDP . ”
It ’s one thing to write about massive state - sponsored construction projects that achieve GDP growth targets without necessarily creating any real value , but a couple of TV images can be worth a thousand words in illustrating the point .
You can view the report by clicking here .
It ’s worth noting , as the report says , that despite the fact nobody lives there , virtually all of Ordos ’ new apartment complexes are sold out — precisely what I was talking about in “ China ’s Real Estate Riddle . ”
Фотосессия красивой девушки на склонах хребта Аишхо .
Автор фотографий – Евгений Харланов .
В сезоне 2008 – 2009 года Красная Поляна порадовала снегом .
25 Examples of Breathtaking Nature Photography
Advertisement
The 22 of the most amazing shots of nature photography .
This collection included the scenes on this earth , sunset , places etc .
Photographer has given the examples of beauty of this earth and they purely focus on the nature beauty .
You may be interested in the following inspiration related articles as well .
Here are 25 Examples of Breathtaking Nature Photography
Mossbrae Falls | Lighttheexpedition
Easter
Nexus by Burning Liquid
Waterfall Desktop Background
Pacific
Beach Dreams
New Zealand rain forest 1
New Zealand rain forest
Mountains | Panoramio
Landscape | Veryveryfun
Glen Canyon Revealed | Frogview
Loch
Morlich and the Cairngorms | Freeskiing
Farewell to
fall | Photosight
Crater Lake
| Photosight
Glen Canyon Revealed | Frogview
Azalea |
Best quality wallpapers
Autumn by poolside | Better Photo
Athabasca | lamus.com
Andalusian landscape | Gornabanja
Nature
| Socwall
20 mins copyfiltered | Incredimazing
Enjoy the Wallpaper !
Any Comments
NEW shiny thing make everything all better , say clever science man yesterday .
Science man say shiny thing is telly and books .
And good for seeing photos of you and everyone , and also naked people who do mucky things .
Science man say shiny thing ‘ changes game ’ and now all the other science men must go away and be sad .
Science man say : “ All things everyone have are rubbish .
Look !
Telly and books !
That will be £ 900 please thank you . ”
Nikki , a girl who has had 27 birthdays and works in a big building , say : “ Oooooooooh .
It do telly .
I will see telly on it and make it help me buy nice hats .
“ And look !
It fit in bag where I have keys and little talkie box and red goo I put on face . ”
Tom , all grown - up man from busy place , say : “ I very busy man who need see telly on big metal tube that take me to busy job .
But look !
It also play game !
I play noisy game on metal tube and be happy . ”
And Bill , really , really old man who sits in chair all day , say : “ It make words happen by pointing at it .
Oooooooooh .
I will make it help me say clever words to newspaper about gypsies and Pakistan .
“ AND IT DO TELLY ! ”
Reposted from : Examiner.com
Human trafficking is often thought of as happening in a far distant land .
It is true that it happens in places such as India , Africa , and Haiti but many Americans are unaware that it is happening right here in the United States .
Every year , there are approximately 17,500 individuals who are brought into the United States for the sole purpose of human trafficking .
This figure does not include people who are immigrants , runaways , displaced , or poor who are already living in America .
Some reports state that number could go as high as 60,000 .
Human Trafficking is actually defined as “ the recruitment , transportation , transfer , harboring or receipt of persons : by the threat or use of kidnapping , force , fraud , deception or coercion , or by the giving or receiving of unlawful payments or benefits to achieve the consent of a person having control over another person , and for the purpose of sexual exploitation or forced labor . ” ( Humantrafficking.com )
Christian author and speaker , Dillon Burroughs , realized the reality of trafficking when he was traveling .
“ I went on a humanitarian trip to Haiti and as I was researching , I realized there was slave trading and selling of people going on there .
In one particular area , within a 24 - hour period , you could purchase an underage girl , 9 - years - old , for $ 150 .
I came back saying , ‘ We have to do something about this . ’ ”
Burroughs knew there were people trying to create basic awareness , but he wanted to do more .
“ I started partnering with a couple of organizations .
Home of Hope Texas is seeking to provide aftercare services for former trafficking victims .
Joshua ’s Mission is involved more on the front end of doing research , creating awareness , and helping to partner with law enforcement officials to actually rescue people who are found in this situation . ”
Burroughs spoke on statistics and how tragic the unawareness is in this country .
“ There are 90 cities where human trafficking arrests have taken place in the last decade .
I just read a report about domestic minor sex trafficking that said approximately 100,000 people within the U.S. are exploited in some way .
If you added all of the aftercare centers for minor sex trafficking victims , you would probably have about a 100 beds or so that people could stay in for long - term care secure treatment .
That does n’t even make the smallest dent in the problem that we have today . ”
Aftercare and justice for traffickers are passions of Burroughs .
“ There are around 39 states that have specific trafficking laws that have passed since 2000 , ” he explained , “ but the problem is that law enforcement does not always know how to identify trafficking issues .
Traffickers are often times arrested and released on bail until trial .
( If convicted ) they could get a year and a half .
This can vary greatly from state to state . ”
Another problem is if a woman or child is brought to safety , many times they are too afraid to tell their story .
“ Sometimes the women are called back to testify and that is an emotional situation in itself , ” Burroughs explained .
“ Sometimes the girls do not want to tell their stories so if you have someone who is not willing to testify , the case often gets dismissed or gets changed in some way . ”
Fear is the main factor .
“ If they are international , they are told not to trust or they are told they could be deported . ”
Home of Hope Texas is currently preparing their property to hold approximately 50 trafficking victims .
The brand new site has had some enormous obstacles .
“ There are permits required and they are trying to raise about 1.5 million dollars for a first level building that will house 15 females , ” Burroughs explained .
The organization is hoping to be done with this phase in the next year and a half .
They eventually will have several housing groups “ to minister to Spanish speaking backgrounds , Asian speaking backgrounds , and other nationalities , ” Burroughs stated .
There are two main concerns for the staff of this facility .
“ If they are from a different country we have immigration to deal with .
If they are from America , it is not as much of a factor , ” Burroughs explained .
“ Also , you ca n’t have a shelter for a former trafficking victim without placing it in an undisclosed location with full state of the art security that will have to be monitored electronically and with people on the premises 24 / 7 .
This is an enormous expense over your typical care center . ”
Houston Texas has “ 127 identified brothels , ” said Burroughs .
“ Many times they do not shut them down because there is no place to put the victims .
A lot of times they are taken to Salvation Army places or a homeless or teen runaway shelter and you can imagine these people are not going to be able to fit in .
Especially if they are from another country and they have been trafficked into the United States .
They do n’t know English .
They do n’t know their rights .
They do n’t know where to begin and it creates a very difficult situation legally , not to mention the actual recovery from the sex trafficking itself . ”
Since October of 2000 , when the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 was enacted , there has been small progress .
More states are coming on board .
More training is occurring in cities , but the awareness is just so slow moving .
Burroughs wanted to help with this venture and created American Coalition of Abolitionists .
“ This is an online awareness campaign for people who care about this issue , want to help spread the word in ways to make a difference , contact representatives to make legal changes when they are pending , make sure that when working with businesses or buying products or goods that they are free from slave work .
We also want to get the stories of victims out there with ways to help . ”
If you are interested in getting more involved , contact the American Coalition of Abolitionists online .
Call your local congressmen .
Find out about your state ’s laws and anti-trafficking task force .
If there is not one , see what needs to be done .
Every state is different .
Refer people online and give stats and facts about human trafficking in the United States .
Invite someone to talk to your local churches and state and city meetings .
Find out if your local law enforcement and emergency workers are trained in the area of trafficking .
The Polaris Project , an agency fighting human trafficking , reports that “ modern day slavery is the second largest criminal industry in the world , over 12 million people worldwide are trafficked for forced labor or sexual exploitation , and over 200,000 children are at high risk for sex trafficking and commercial exploitation in the United States every year . ”
“ My heart , ” Burroughs concluded , “ is that we have to create awareness as well as do what we can to help the victims .
It is a tragic thing , as large as this is and yet so few people know about this . ”
Another great site is Shared Hope International .
Illustration by Peter Schrank
IT WAS never a very coherent idea and it is becoming a damaging one .
“ Eastern Europe ” is a geographical oddity that includes the Czech Republic ( in the middle of the continent ) but not Greece or Cyprus ( supposedly “ western ” Europe but in the far south - east ) .
It makes little sense historically either : it includes countries ( like Ukraine ) that were under the heel of the Soviet empire for decades and those ( Albania , say ) that only brushed it .
Some of those countries had harsh planned economies ; others had their own version of “ goulash communism ” ( Hungary ) or “ self - managed socialism ” ( Yugoslavia ) .
Already unreliable in 1989 , the label has stretched to meaninglessness as those countries ' fortunes have diverged since the collapse of communism .
The nearly 30 states that once , either under their own names or as part of somewhere else , bore the label “ communist ” now have more differences than similarities .
Yet calling them “ eastern Europe ” suggests not only a common fate under totalitarian rule , but a host of ills that go with it : a troubled history then ; bad government and economic misery now .
The economic downturn has shown how misleading this is .
Worries about “ contagion ” from the banking crisis in Latvia raised risk premiums in otherwise solid economies such as Poland and the Czech Republic — a nonsense based on outsiders ' perceptions of other outsiders ' fears .
In fact , the continent 's biggest financial upheaval is in Iceland ( see article , article ) , and the biggest forecast budget deficits in the European Union next year will not be in some basket - cases from the ex-communist “ east ” but in Britain and in Greece .
The new government in Athens is grappling with a budget deficit of at least 12.7 % of GDP and possibly as much as 14.5 % .
European Commission officials are discussing that in Greece this week .
None of the ten “ eastern ” countries that joined the EU is in so bad a mess .
They include hotshots and slowcoaches , places that feel thoroughly modern and those where the air still bears a rancid tang from past misrule .
Slovenia and the Czech Republic , for example , have overhauled living standards in Portugal , the poorest country in the “ western ” camp .
Neither was badly hit by the economic downturn .
Some of the ex-communist countries now have better credit ratings than old EU members and can borrow more cheaply .
Together with Slovakia , Slovenia has joined the euro , which Sweden , Denmark and Britain have not .
Estonia — at least in outsiders ' eyes — is one of the least corrupt countries in Europe , easily beating founder members of the EU such as Italy .
Three sub -categories do make sense .
One is the five autocratic ' stans of Central Asia ( Kazakhstan , Kyrgyzstan , Tajikistan , Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan ) .
They scarcely count as “ Europe ” , though a hefty Britain - sized tenth of Kazakhstani territory ( some 200,000 square kilometres ) lies unambiguously in Europe .
Kazakhstan also this year chairs the Organisation for Security and Co-operation in Europe , a Vienna - based post - cold - war talking shop .
But none of the ' stans has become a member of the Council of Europe ( another talking shop and human - rights guardian , based in Strasbourg ) .
That shows the problem .
The definition of “ Europe ” is as unreliable as the word “ eastern ” .
The ' stans vary ( Tajikistan is poor , Kazakhstan go - getting ) .
But all have slim prospects of joining the EU in the lifetime of anyone reading this article .
That creates a second useful category : potential members of the union .
It starts with sure - fire bets such as Croatia , and other small digestible countries in the western Balkans such as Macedonia .
It includes big problematic cases such as Turkey and Ukraine and even — in another optimistic couple of decades — four other ex-Soviet republics , Georgia , Moldova , Armenia and Azerbaijan ( the last , maybe , one day , on Turkey 's coat - tails ) .
The third and trickiest category is the ten countries that joined in the big enlargement of 2004 and in the later expansion of 2007 .
They are a mixed bunch , ranging from model EU citizens such as Estonia ( recently smitten by a property bust , but all set to gain permission this year to join the euro ) to Romania and Bulgaria , which have become bywords in Brussels for corruption and organised crime respectively .
Eight of them ( Romania and Bulgaria are the exceptions ) have already joined Europe 's Schengen passportless travel zone .
Most ( Poland is a big , rankling exception ) also have visa - free travel to America .
All ( unlike EU members Austria , Cyprus , Ireland and Malta ) are in NATO .
Some worries remain constant , mild in the countries in or near the EU , more troubling in those in the waiting room and beyond .
Exclusion and missed opportunity from the communist years still causes anger , as does near - exclusion from top jobs in international organisations ( another consequence of the damaging “ eastern Europe ” label , some say ) .
Toxic waste from that era , such as over - mighty spooks and miles of secret - police files , create openings for blackmail and other mischief - making , especially where institutions are weak .
Lithuania 's powerful security service , the VSD , is in the centre of a political storm , but worries about lawlessness and foreign penetration ripple from the Baltic to the Black Sea .
Four countries — Poland and the three Baltic states — worry a lot about Russian revisionism ( or revanchism ) .
Hungary , the Czech Republic and Slovakia are concerned too , but more about energy and economic security than military sabre - rattling .
Yet elsewhere , in the former Yugoslavia for example , such fears seem mystifying and even paranoid .
The new and future members also share capital - thirstiness .
All need lots of outside money ( from the EU 's coffers , from the capital markets and from foreign bank - lending ) to modernise their economies to the standards of the rest of the continent .
But the usefulness of the “ new member state ” category is clearly declining as the years go by .
Oxford University still has a “ New College ” which was a good label in 1379 to distinguish it from existing bits of the university .
It seems a bit quaint now .
Poles , Czechs , Estonians and others hope that they will drop the “ new ” label rather sooner , so that they can be judged on their merits rather than on their past .
( CNN ) --
Togo , who pulled out of the Africa Cup of Nations soccer competition after a terrorist attack on their team bus , have been suspended from taking part in the next two competitions .
The Confederation of African Football ( CAF ) also announced on Saturday that the team would be fined $ 50,000 .
Why Togo ban rubs salt into open wounds
Three people were killed in the attack , which took place while Togo travelled to the team hotel two days before their opening match earlier this month .
Communications chief Stanislas Ocloo and assistant coach Abalo Amnalete were shot dead and goalkeeper , Kodjovi Obilale , was among the injured .
Togo , captained by Manchester City star Emmanuel Adebayor , wanted to continue despite the attack but quit on their national government 's orders .
The attack raised fears about security for the World Cup , which takes place in South Africa later this year .
CAF has decided the decision to recall the team was political interference , leading to Saturday 's suspension for the tournaments in 2012 and 2014 .
CAF said in a statement : " The executive committee and its president renewed their sincere condolences to the families of victims involved in this tragic terrorist attack which happened January 8 , 2010 .
" The attack was condemned by CAF and also a total support was given to the Togolese team .
" At that time , CAF said they have understood perfectly the decision of players not to participate in the competition .
" Meanwhile , following a decision taken by players to participate in the competition , the Togolese government decided to call back their national team .
" The decision taken by the political authorities is infringing CAF and CAN ( African Nations Cup ) regulations .
" Therefore , a decision has been taken to suspend the Togo national team for the next two editions of Africa Cup of Nations , with a fine of U.S. dollars 50,000 handed to the Togolese national football association , in conformity with article 78 of Africa Cup of Nations Angola 2010 . "
Two men arrested over the attack were said to be members of the Forces for Liberation of the State of Cabinda , an armed wing of a separatist group that has claimed responsibility for the attack and has threatened to strike again .
Cabinda is a disputed oil - rich enclave in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and was the site of eight matches in the African Cup of Nations tournament .
The Africa Cup of Nations tournament is one of the biggest sporting events in the world this year , and Angola 's first since a 2002 peace deal ended decades of civil war in the southern African country .
Davidson's GalleryofGuns.com TV Show to Bring Dramatic Change to the Way Consumers Buy Firearms
Las Vegas , NV –-( AmmoLand.com ) - Today at Shot Show , the firearms industry 's premier annual trade show , Davidson's , Inc , one of the nation ’s top firearms wholesalers unveiled its plans for a revolutionary new TV Show – GalleryofGuns.com Television .
Beginning in July of 2010 , Gallery of Guns TV will bring the home shopping concept to gun buyers .
Firearms enthusiasts and first - time buyers will be able to view on television a selection of firearms , watch as they ’re explained and demonstrated , and then purchase .
They simply place an order at GalleryofGuns.com for immediate shipment from Davidson ’s huge firearms inventory and complete their purchase on location at one of over 3,000 participating gun shops nationwide .
All in as little as 48 hours !!
“ The new show and the benefits it will bring to firearm consumers are really exciting . ” , stated Bryan Tucker , Davidson 's CEO .
“ We are really proud to bring this innovative new selling strategy to the firearms market . ”
Davidson 's Inc has partnered with Intermedia Outdoors and Barrett Productions to produce this exciting new show .
The show will seek to educate consumers on a wide array of firearms on the market , their uses and to showcase the features and benefits of top selling models .
What makes the show unique is the fact that the firearms covered on the show will be available for immediate purchase at Davidson 's GalleryofGuns.com website .
By utilizing GUN GENIE ™ a state - of - the - art consumer firearm purchasing tool located on the website , consumers can easily search through Davidson 's huge firearms selection , find the exact firearm they are looking for , and BUY the firearm from their choice of over three thousand Davidson 's Gold Dealers nationwide .
All sales subject to federal , state , local laws , including a FBI - NICS background check or equivalent
’ 1930s Movie Projector ’
courtesy of ‘ Kevin H. ’
Want to help out in a green way , but ca n’t afford solar panels ?
How about volunteering for the DC Environmental Film Festival ?
They need help running their evaluation screenings , as well as hosting parties , hosting filmmakers when they come to show their works , or better yet , bring out your camera and help them document the festival !
The Festival runs March 16 - 28 at venues all across the city , so there ’s plenty of time to assess your schedule and make some plans to help out a good green cause !
Tom Bridge I live and work in the District of Columbia .
I write at We Love DC , a blog I helped start , I work at Technolutionary , a company I helped start , and I ’m happy doing both .
I enjoy watching baseball , cooking , and gardening .
I grow a mean pepper , keep a clean scorebook , and wash the dishes when I ’m done .
Read Why I Love DC .
In the world of chocolate making , there ’s the easy way , and there ’s the Mast Brothers way .
Unlike many chocolatiers who use couverture — discs of pre-made chocolate that can be remelted for confections and bars — Rick Mast , 31 , and Mike Mast , 28 , are one of a dozen or so American chocolate artisans who hand make chocolate from cocoa bean to bar .
They do it the hard way , said Mike , because “ you feel a lot more connected to the process . ”
Rick , who studied chocolate making at the Institute of Culinary Education and with Jacques Torres , continued his thought : “ The closer anybody who consumes anything is connected to where it came from , it ’s going to be a better experience . ”
Right now , they make about 200 bars a week in a 200 - square - foot commercial kitchen in Williamsburg — an insane feat considering that they take 50 - pound burlap sacks of cocoa beans from Venezuela , the Dominican Republic , Ecuador and Madagascar ( the cacao tree only grows in rainforests along the equator ) , roast and winnow off their husks with makeshift tools like coffee roasters and hair dryers , then grind the beans superfine , and add ingredients like cocoa butter , vanilla and sugar to create their 14 bars .
( Torres , when he does make bean - to - bar chocolate , does so in his gleaming , 8,000 - square - foot Soho store ) .
Tweet
A coalition of environmentalists , oil refiners , grocery industry representatives and the makers of power equipment has vowed to fight the change , and the auto industry has also expressed concern .
In a letter to Growth Energy , an ethanol trade association that filed the request for a higher blend in March , the E.P.A. said that “ our engineering assessment to date indicates that the robust fuel , engine and emissions control systems on newer vehicles ( likely 2001 and newer model years ) will likely be able to accommodate higher ethanol blends , such as E15 . ”
But the agency added that it would wait for the Energy Department to test a dozen vehicles , a task that should be completed in May .
The decision drew mixed reviews .
At Growth Energy , Wesley K. Clark , a retired general who is co-chairman of the organization , said the reply was “ basically a positive answer , ” and sent a signal to his industry to invest in more plants , including some advanced plants that would make ethanol from corn cobs , wood chips and other nonfood sources .
Congress ordered increased use of ethanol in energy bills that passed in 2005 and 2007 , but the plan has not worked as backers had hoped .
Millions of “ flex fuel ” cars are on the road that can use ethanol blends as high as 85 percent , but fewer than 2 percent of service stations sell blends above 10 percent .
Adjusted for its lower energy content , E85 , as the higher blend is known , is more expensive than gasoline , and motorists thus have little reason to use it .
The automakers ’ trade association praised the E.P.A. ’s decision to wait for more test data , but expressed some concern about the idea that gas stations would begin selling fuel that might be good for younger cars and bad for older ones .
A system based on model year “ would create a tremendous likelihood of consumer confusion and misfueling , ” said Charles Territo , a spokesman for the Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers .
A US House representative from Alabama took voter registration information from Democratic Party offices before defecting to the GOP , the Alabama branch of the Democratic Party says .
Rep . Parker Griffith announced his switch to the Republican Party on Tuesday , telling the press he can “ no longer align [ him ] self with a party that continues to pursue legislation that is bad for our country , hurts our economy , and drives us further and further into debt . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The Alabama Democratic Party issued a statement Wednesday accusing Griffith ’s political consultancy , Main Street Strategies , of downloading “ sensitive voter identification data that was the property of the Alabama Democratic Party . ”
“ This final act was obviously intended to aid Mr. Griffith in his new role as a Republican candidate .
Upon hearing of Mr. Griffith ’s switch , security measures were taken to prevent further transfers of data , ” the statement read .
Even though the “ sensitive ” voter data helped elect Griffith in 2008 , “ in the wee hours before he became a Republican , Parker Griffith ’s political operatives , with full knowledge of what was occurring , went online and downloaded our confidential records , ” Alabama Democratic Party Chairman Joe Turnham said .
Despite his arrival in the Alabama GOP with political opponents ’ data , it appears Griffith is getting a less - than - welcoming reception from some state Republicans .
“ I ca n’t help but regard this ‘ Road to Damascus ’ conversion of Parker Griffith ’s as solely a ploy to cling to his seat in 2010 , ” said Republican State Treasurer Kay Ivey , as quoted at the Huntsville Times .
“ We ’re all well - aware of the increasingly negative poll results for Democrats in Alabama and around the nation . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Griffith has denied the accusation that his defection amounts to political opportunism , instead pointing the finger at the health care reform legislation working its way through Congress .
“ I want to make it perfectly clear that this bill is bad for our doctors , ” the Associated Press quoted Griffith as saying .
“ It ’s bad for our patients .
It ’s bad for the young men and women who are considering going into the health care field . ”
“ Democrats of every stripe and philosophy sweated and bled for this man , ” Turnham told the AP Tuesday .
“ He narrowly became a congressman through the hard work , votes and financial contributions of thousands of Democrats .
Today , they feel betrayed . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
David Weigel at the Washington Independent notes that Griffith ’s denouncement of the health care reform effort does n’t jibe with his pro-health reform track record .
Greg Sargent catches a May 2006 interview with then - State Senator Parker Griffith in which he refers to himself as a “ life - long ” Democrat and a supporter of “ health care for all of the citizens . ”
Glenn
Thrush finds that Griffith has voted with Nancy Pelosi — that is to say , with the Democrats — 85 percent of the time .
And yesterday , Josh Kraushaar reported that Griffith , still in the thrall of the Democratic Party , donated $ 1,500 to Howard Dean ’s 2004 presidential bid and $ 1,000 to Sen.
Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) .
by Beks
My home loan was previously serviced by Countrywide .
Bank of America took over our mortgage servicing quite some time ago but we have n’t been classified as official Bank of America customers yet and Countrywide is n’t around anymore .
We ’ve been in limbo for over a year now .
When I call Bank of America , they never know where to transfer me and my call is often magically ‘ dropped ’ .
We never received paper statements and our online statements have been a nightmare .
Other than a statement of monthly payments , no other information was made available .
I had no idea if or when our property taxes or mortgage insurance where paid and I could never find our principal balance .
I called to ask why our mortgage payment jumped $ 150 a month and the best answer they ever offered was ‘ I do n’t know .
Taxes maybe ? ’
Bank of America finally listed my full account information online this month .
Holy .
Cow .
First , we were not notified that the cost of our homeowners insurance jumped by 50 % .
Call me crazy , but that ’s kinda something I ’d like to know .
Second , the extra money we ’ve been paying on our principal balance the past two and half years has been offset by a reduction of our monthly payment .
This is hard to explain , but it ’s sneaky by Bank of America none the less .
We pay $ 20 extra per month on our second mortgage through Wells Fargo .
They apply the $ 20 toward our principal balance but keep our payment the same .
Since our principle balance is reduced and our payments are the same , our $ 20 is stretched to around $ 50 - $ 75 .
Our $ 20 a month to Wells Fargo has paid off around $ 3,000 of mortgage debt instead of $ 720 .
Bank of America has taken the $ 20 we designated toward principal and reduced our balance by exactly $ 20 .
Then , since our principal balance is reduced , they reduce our monthly payment .
Unlike our loan with Wells Fargo , Bank of America has made it so we are n’t shaving any time off the life of our loan and we ’re saving no money .
Very Sneaky .
Realistically , I should have pushed harder for the information from Bank of America and demanded an explanation of the $ 150 hike .
I assumed it was all from the recent property tax hikes , and most of it was , but I could have saved money by knowing there were other reasons behind the higher monthly payment .
And , I would have liked to transfer the $ 20 I ’m spending for no benefit at Bank of America and switched it to our Wells Fargo account .
I assumed my mortgage was the one payment I did n’t have to monitor closely – but I was really , really wrong .
Thank you Bank of America for making me your babysitter .
Your servers wo n’t tell you when they ’re starting to feel sick .
You have to keep a close eye on them for signs of poor health .
One good way to do that is with SysUsage .
This system monitoring and reporting tool , whose latest version came out this week , generates historical graph views of system activities using the sar utility from the sysstat package and system commands , giving you the information you need for performance analysis , troubleshooting , and resource management .
SysUsage is easy to install , configure , and use .
Once it ’s set up , point your browser at http://yoursystem/sysusage/
and you ’ll see as much information as you can handle – or if not , you can add to the software via its plugin menu .
Creator Gilles Darold began building SysUsage in his spare time in 2003 .
For the last 10 years , he has been a network and system administrator for French company Group SAMSE , a big organization with 4,500 employees and 250 Linux servers .
“ In my work I use all of the available tools for system and network monitoring , but they are all incomplete and / or painful .
Take Nagios , for example , which we use .
It ’s perfect for uptime monitoring , but if you want to monitor your systems ’ health it ’s really a hassle .
SysUsage is simpler , more pragmatic , and SysUsage can even make threshold report to Nagios on everything it monitors .
“ Another problem with using a complex , centralized tool occurs when you want to keep track of WAN systems and the link is down .
You can lose the remote server health monitoring .
With some applications , if you lose your central monitoring server , you ’ve lost all your history .
With SysUsage each monitored server is responsible for its own reports , and you do n’t need a central server to display them – just a web browser . ”
SysUsage is written in Perl .
“ For me that ’s the most efficient programing language in term of time and power , ” Darold says .
He uses RRDtool to manage data over time , and libgd to create images .
In addition to hosting the project on SourceForge . net , he also lists it at freshmeat.net , “ where users can subscribe to receive notifications about new releases of software .
This is a known lack in SourceForge . ”
While SysUsage is a mature package , Darold says the application will evolve as Linux evolves .
He also says the next upcoming release will concentrate on plugin development , to give users a strong plugin database .
“ I can always use help , not so much in SysUsage development itself , as Perl is like my native language , but with features requests and plugins .
The future of this software is more in the plugin community than in major code development . ”
The best way to get in touch is to drop a line to Darold via the contact link on the project ’s home page .
Utilizamos “ cookies ” propias y de terceros para elaborar información estadística y mostrarle publicidad , contenidos y servicios personalizados a través del análisis de su navegación .
Si continúa navegando acepta su uso .
Más información y cambio de configuración .
Wondering where Froyo is ?
It seems the boys and girls in Mountain View took a quick breather to commission one of the crazier stop-action short films we 've seen in a while -- and probably the craziest stop-action unboxing we 've ever seen .
If you questioned the Nexus One 's real ultimate power before watching this , you wo n't any longer .
Follow the break for video !
[ Thanks , NordicOten ]
AT&T captivity is the single biggest reason foks who do n't buy iPhones do n't buy them , so this would be big .
It would also be unexpectedly early -- most analysts are n't expecting Apple to open up to other carriers until the middle of the year .
( We'd be surprised to see Apple actually end the exclusivity on Wednesday , but it seems plausible that they would announce the end ... )
Shawn Oliver , HotHardware :
According to an inside source close to the going - ons involved in all of this , a new tablet of some sort may not be the only thing on deck for next Wednesday though .
We have been led to believe by an inside source that AT&T will lose their iPhone exclusivity on the same day , though it 's not yet clear what other carrier ( or carriers ) will be stepping in to also carry the phone .
Bonus : 20 guesses about what the Apple tablet will look like >
For authors as notable as the late Robert Heinlein , the practice of replying to fan - mail can be an incredibly time consuming affair .
Some take the easy route and do n’t respond at all , whilst others make a valiant effort to reply to as many as humanly possible .
Up until 1984 – at which point ‘ the advent of computerization ‘ negated the need for such a method – Heinlein sat somewhere in the middle and sent back a copy of the following form letter to each fan , with certain responses ticked where applicable .
Whilst not as satisfying as a handwritten letter , its quirky personal touch certainly would ’ve brought a smile to the faces of many recipients and more than trumps a signed photo .
Transcript follows .
Transcript
Robert A. Heinlein
Care of Mr. Lurton Blassirigame
60 East 42nd Street , Suite 1131
New York , N.Y. 10017
Dear Sir / Madam / Ms./Miss
An ever - increasing flood of mail forced me to choose between writing letters and writing fiction .
But I read each letter sent to me and check its answer .
( )
Thanks for your kind words .
You have made my day brighter .
( )
You say that you have enjoyed my stories for years .
Why did you wait until you disliked one story before writing to me ?
( ) Renshaw : Saturday Evening Post , You ’re Not As Smart As You Could Be , April 17th , 24th , and May 1st , 1948 .
( ) Essay Mental Telegraphy , Mark Twain ’s Works , Harper & Brothers
( )
Do n’t send books to be autographed ; too many have failed to reach me .
Registering or insuring is no answer ; the post office is a 30 - mile round trip .
( )
Story ideas come from everywhere and anything & writers are self - taught .
The book WRITER ’S MARKET tells how to prepare manuscripts & lists markets .
( )
My agent handles all business ; your letter has been sent to him .
( ) I do n’t discuss my colleagues ’ works or my own .
A novelist writes from many viewpoints ; opinions expressed even by a first - person character are not necessarily those of the author .
Fiction is sold as entertainment , not as fact .
( )
The item you want is herewith / not available / : Ask your reference librarian .
( ) I do n’t sell books .
All my books are in print & can be bought or ordered at any bookstore or directly from publishers .
Bookstores have “ in - print “ lists .
( ) I get 4 or 5 or more requests each week for help in class assignments , term papers , theses , or dissertations .
I ca n’t cope with so many & bave quit trying .
( )
It is not just for a student ’s grade to depend on the willingness or capacity of a stranger to help him with his homework .
I am ready to discuss this with your teacher , principal , or school board .
( ) Science fiction : stories that would cease to exist if elements involving science or technology were omitted .
For full discussion see my lecture in THE SCIENCE FICTION NOVEL , Advent : Publishers .
Chicago .
( ) Who ’s Who in America ; Encyclopaedia Britannica 1974 ; IN SEARCH OF WONDER , chapter 7 , Damon Knight , Advent : Publishers ; SEEKERS OF TOMORROW , chapter 11 , Sam Moskowitz , World Publishing Company ; Current Biography magazine ; reference books about authors .
I do n’t discuss private life , politics , religion , philosophy
( )
Your question : Yes / No / No comment / My publishers announce new works /
( ) Please do not write to me again .
( )
Thanks for the stamped & addressed envelope - a rare courtesy today .
( ) Pressure of work causes me to avoid interviews , questionnaires , radio & television appearances , public speaking .
( )
For legal reasons I do not read unpublished manuscripts .
( )
Do n’t plan to call at our home ; we work very long hours every day of the year .
( )
Your letter was most welcome !— loaded with friendliness and with no requests or demands .
You suggested that no answer was expected but I must tell you how much it pleased me .
I wish you calm seas , following winds , and a happy voyage through life .
Sincerely Yours ,
Robert A. Heinlein , by ____
Contrary to conventional belief , as the climate warms and growing seasons lengthen subalpine forests are likely to soak up less carbon dioxide , according to a new University of Colorado at Boulder study .
As a result , more of the greenhouse gas will be left to concentrate in the atmosphere .
" Our findings contradict studies of other ecosystems that conclude longer growing seasons actually increase plant carbon uptake , " said Jia Hu , who conducted the research as a graduate student in CU - Boulder 's ecology and evolutionary biology department in conjunction with the university 's Cooperative Institute for Research in Environmental Sciences , or CIRES .
The study will be published in the February edition of the journal Global Change Biology .
Working with ecology and evolutionary biology professor and CIRES Fellow Russell Monson , Hu found that while smaller spring snowpack tended to advance the onset of spring and extend the growing season , it also reduced the amount of water available to forests later in the summer and fall .
The water - stressed trees were then less effective in converting CO2 into biomass .
Summer rains were unable to make up the difference , Hu said .
" Snow is much more effective than rain in delivering water to these forests , " said Monson .
" If a warmer climate brings more rain , this wo n't offset the carbon uptake potential being lost due to declining snowpacks . "
Drier trees also are more susceptible to beetle infestations and wildfires , Monson said .
advertisement
The researchers found that even as late in the season as September and October , 60 percent of the water in stems and needles collected from subalpine trees along Colorado 's Front Range could be traced back to spring snowmelt .
They were able to distinguish between spring snow and summer rain in plant matter by analyzing slight variations in hydrogen and oxygen atoms in the water molecules .
The results suggest subalpine trees like lodgepole pine , subalpine fir and Englemann spruce depend largely on snowmelt , not just at the beginning of the summer , but throughout the growing season , according to the researchers .
" As snowmelt in these high - elevation forests is predicted to decline , the rate of carbon uptake will likely follow suit , " said Hu .
Subalpine forests currently make up an estimated 70 percent of the western United States ' carbon sink , or storage area .
Their geographic range includes much of the Rocky Mountains , Sierra Nevada and high - elevation areas of the Pacific Northwest .
Study co-authors included David Moore of King 's College London and Sean Burns of the National Center for Atmospheric Research and CU - Boulder .
CIRES is a joint institute of CU - Boulder and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration .
For more information about CIRES visit cires.colorado.edu .
This paper introduces a mechanistic approach to relate the sensations of touch by epithelial surfaces of for example skin , eye or mouth to the material properties of the substrate .
The approach is to model the hydrodynamic and frictional forces exerted by the substrate onto the surfaces , which are deformable and compliant to these forces .
Subsequently these forces are related to the neurological responses of the mechanoreceptors buried in these surfaces .
The potential of the approach is illustrated for textural perception of food materials in the mouth .
It leads to several concepts for textural perception in the mouth , some of which have been demonstrated previously and some of which are new .
As a first example , the branching into high and low viscosity regimes for thickness perception found experimentally can be linked directly to the detection limit of the neural receptors .
As a second example , by taking into account the intrinsic roughness and deformability of the papilla surface , estimates are obtained for the cross-over between the hydrodynamic friction regime , where the papilla tips are lubricated by a thin liquid film ( smooth mouthfeel ) , and the boundary friction regime , where the papilla tips are in direct contact with the opposing surface of the palate ( rough mouthfeel ) .
This has implications for the role of viscosity on smoothness and astringency sensations .
As a final example , the model suggests that the sensation of hard particles ( grittiness ) can be suppressed by increasing the viscosity of the medium , which is in agreement with experimental findings from sensory studies .
Hayden - Johnson 's lies led to her son being fed through a stomach tube
Woman behind the ' sick ' fantasy A mother has been jailed for subjecting her son to " enduring " cruelty by pretending he was severely ill , to gain publicity and financial rewards .
The actions of Lisa Hayden - Johnson , 35 , from Devon , led to him being operated on , Exeter Crown Court heard .
She also presented him in a wheelchair to the Duchess of Cornwall , appeared on television and spent charity donations .
She was jailed for three years and three months after admitting cruelty and perverting the course of justice .
' Sadistic fabrication '
The court heard that Hayden - Johnson subjected her son , who is now eight and lives in another part of the country , to a total of 325 medical actions - including being confined to a wheelchair and being fed through a tube in his stomach .
She claimed her son suffered from a long list of illnesses including diabetes , food allergies , cerebral palsy and cystic fibrosis .
Andrew Macfarlane , prosecuting , told the court that Hayden - Johnson 's " sadistic fabrication of non-existent symptoms " amounted to " 24 - hour - a - day torture " .
It 's often said that the question is whether the defendant is sad , mad or bad - perhaps the reality in a case of this kind is that it 's a little bit of all of it
Sarah Munro , defending
He said that the boy 's medical treatment meant that the child was socially stigmatised .
As a result of Hayden - Johnson 's actions , the child underwent a series of " physical intrusions and interventions " which included blood tests and intravenous treatments .
Mr Macfarlane said that defendant , who comes from Torbay , achieved national attention as a result of her actions .
The court heard that she frequently described her son " as the most ill child in Britain " and that she amassed cash donations and charity gifts , including two cruises .
Mr Macfarlane added that boy had been " convinced that he was chronically and seriously ill " and said that the long - term effects of what happened to him remain unclear .
' Disordered and pitiful '
The court was also told that in a bid to avoid a diabetes test arranged for her son in 2007 , Hayden - Johnson falsely claimed that she had been sexually assaulted , which later led to her being charged with perverting the course of justice .
Sarah Munro , defending , told the court that her client suffered from a factitious disorder and a factitious disorder by proxy .
The conditions used to be known as Munchausen syndrome and Munchausen syndrome by proxy .
The former can cause sufferers to feign illness to draw attention to themselves and the latter leads to the abuse of another person , again to win sympathy or attention .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" It 's often said that the question is whether the defendant is sad , mad or bad , " she told the court .
" Perhaps the reality in a case of this kind is that it 's a little bit of all of it . "
Passing sentence , Judge Stephen Wildblood said five adjectives could sum up Hayden - Johnson - " cruel , manipulative , perverse , disordered and pitiful " .
He said : " Your son will have to realise the fact that the one person who is supposed to care for and nourish him throughout his childhood was in fact causing him harm .
" Your experience in custody will be that people who behave with cruelty to children are received in prison as they are in society - with utter rejection .
" Your name and face are well - known throughout the country .
You will never be in a position to deceive people in this way again .
" Anyone else thinking of behaving this way should think about your much publicised downfall . "
He also handed her a disqualification order banning her from working with children .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Why so pro-Wenger and why the blind support for project youth ?
Thursday 10 December and everyone else is probably talking about last night ’s brilliant performance by the under 10s in Greece .
So , what with this being UNTOLD ARSENAL and all , I thought I would attack the issue from another angle .
The headline above was a question raised by a writer in our correspondence column , and I thought it worth a proper full reply .
I also want to be 100 % fair here .
The writer actually said ,
1 ) Why are you so pro wenger and
2 ) Why the seemingly blind support for project youth .
I chopped that a bit for the headline , because headlines can get a bit out of control on some sites if they are too long .
So why am I so pro-Wenger ( and by implication , why have a site that is totally pro-Wenger ? )
I ’ve watched Arsenal since my father took me to Highbury in 1957 .
We lived in Tottenham and at that time ( as possibly now ) the streets of the area were mixed between Arsenal and Tottenham supporters .
Being an Arsenal family in Tottenham was not the slightest bit unusual .
Having watched the team over many years , and had a season ticket in the two George Graham championship years , I know that what I have witnessed in the past 500 games is not just better than anything before , it is light years ahead of everything we had before .
Two things arise from this introductory point .
First , my late father was watching Arsenal when Chapman was there , and he told me stories of the 1930s , the Golden Age before my generation .
Watch Arsenal Live Streams With StreamFootball.tv
All I got was to stand through all those years without a trophy ( 17 years was it – I ca n’t be bothered to look it up ) and wondered what it was like to win something , or to be taken seriously by the media .
Second , when Wenger arrived he was utterly unknown , and not thought to be of any use .
We had had a terrible year under Rioch .
I know opinion is divided here but to me everything felt wrong with the club at the time .
The back four were solid , and Bergkamp was starting to shine , but there was no flair .
Ian Wright was playing on the wing and asked for a transfer , and we scraped into the UEFA Cup on the last day of the season .
After the success of the Graham era it was fairly awful .
When Wenger was announced Tony Adams said , “ what does he know about English football ?
He ’s French , ” and that was the attitude of the day .
English football is different from the rest of football , and you can only know it by being English .
This self - centred vision was central to English football at the time , and we still come across it today ( “ you wo n’t win the league without a spine of English players ” ) .
England ( the national team ) use to bring in a big strong centre forward because the story was that funny foreigners could n’t stand having a big Englishman running at them .
So I was there , in the North Bank with my dear mate Roger , ( the guy to whom “ Making the Arsenal ” is dedicated ) , watching our most successful manager ever ( Pat Rice , who took over while Wenger was still in Japan , and ended his tenure of four or five games unbeaten ) , and onto the pitch came Patrick Vieira .
My mouth fell open , and I said to Roger , “ look at that Vieira – he ’s just taken over the whole centre of the pitch .
He ’s running the whole game … ”
Now I should point out , as Roger often did , that my ability to pick good players at first sight is limited .
My comments about Henry not being any good as a centre forward during his second match for us came back to haunt me again , and again , and again , and again …
But the fact is that from the start Wenger was a revolution .
On the pitch it was utterly wonderful , and we began to see a totally different approach to football .
And then we started winning stuff .
Not just stuff we had won before , but impossible stuff too , like going a whole season unbeaten , like 49 unbeaten …
It is easy to forget but an unbeaten season was considered impossible .
All the history books commented on Preston ’s achievement in the 1888/9 season but pointed out they only had 22 games to play , and only two competitions to play in .
Wenger gave us the impossible , and played the greatest ever football .
So emotionally I had , some years after my father ’s demise , entered his world .
And football is about nothing if it is not about emotion .
But there was more to come , because Wenger was obviously instrumental in taking us to the Emirates , and at the same time he took world - wide scouting to another level .
We started seeing players that no one had ever heard of , and who two or three years later were players who had come on so far that had we wanted to buy them , we could n’t have afforded them .
Patrick Vieira cost £ 3.5 million – and two years later was worth … well , make up a number .
Then along came Chelsea , and Manchester United were taken over , and I realised we had entered an insane world .
I remember writing several articles at the time ( long before I started this blog ) saying , there are three models for big clubs …
a ) Chelsea ’s approach – find a rich backer .
The dangers are he might leave , he might turn out to be a crook ( cf Manchester City ’s first attempt ) he might not have the money after all ( Portsmouth ) he might get bored , he might get arrested , he might get shot …
b ) Manchester United ’s approach .
The danger here is that this only works if there is another buyer at the end of the tunnel .
If there is n’t the whole pack of cards comes tumbling down .
I expressed my doubts about there being enough people who wanted to buy into this game , for this sort of money .
The notion put forward that growth is based on growing marketing just does n’t add up to me .
c ) Arsenal ’s approach based on world - wide scouting for the very best talent – both the relatively unknown mature player ( Freddie to Vermaelen ) and the youngster with possibilities ( Ramsey , Cesc , Theo ) .
What I also hoped and what we eventually got was that young players could come together in our youngest teams and push their way up through – and that is what we have seen in the last two years .
The double winning youth team of last year mostly came together aged 11 .
Now my point was , and remains , that these are the only three models that can possibly work to generate a successful club at the moment .
The problem with a ) is it is all dependent on one person ’s fantasy world .
The problem with b ) is that it is a huge gamble on finding another buyer at the right time .
The problem with c ) is that you might not get victories all the time .
But c ) gives us other benefits – a club that will survive no matter what .
If Wenger left tomorrow , and we got a manager only half as good , we would survive , because our debt is manageable .
This stability is what I admire , and it is not there in the other models .
Liverpool have severe troubles because they have tried model b ) and run out of money .
Manchester City are proving that model a ) does not automatically work .
And – and this is my biggest point – I do n’t know anyone else who is “ doing an Arsenal ” .
I have heard of several chairmen say that this is what they will do , but they have n’t , because they have n’t understood the nuances .
Doing an Arsenal , means having the scouts in place .
It means having Gilles Grimandi touring France every day , until he finds Clichy .
It means having someone in Spain who can find Merida and Fabregas .
It means having a man in Mexico to watch Vela who is not only on the spot but who also knows what he is looking at – spotting talent before others .
So our model of bringing through youngsters might not bring us trophies each year , but I am certain that within five years Manchester United and Liverpool will have slipped down the rankings .
Not as far as Leeds perhaps , but down out of the top four on a regular basis .
Liverpool ’s demise could well have started .
I think that we are on the edge of a new golden age – because of our financial model and our youth policy , and that is all down to Wenger .
In short we get glorious football , some league wins , a club with managed finances , and a sustainable future with a new stadium , and no worries that the owners might run out of cash or bugger off .
Not a bad deal .
( c) Tony Attwood 2009
Communities
Snow job leads to a reporter 's exit
There 's an old saying in Colorado 's ski country regarding weather reports and predictions of snowfall : " I 'll believe it when I 'm shoveling it . "
That 's what I was thinking to myself several weeks ago as I sat on my couch , sifting through some ideas for a weekly opinion column in the western Colorado - based Summit Daily News , where I was , until recently , employed as a reporter .
Little did I know that my musings on the weather would lead to the sudden end of my reporting career with that newspaper .
As I often do when I 'm writing , I turned on The Weather Channel .
Like many avid skiers , I 'm always on the lookout for snow as the season approaches .
On this particular weekend , a wicked upslope storm was pounding the Denver area and the foothills with snow .
When The Weather Channel zeroed in on Colorado , I looked up to see a former colleague at the Summit Daily doing a stand - up interview with weather reporter Mike Seidel .
These days , the ex-Summit Daily reporter works public relations for Vail Resorts , by far the biggest ski company in Colorado .
So I set down my laptop and watched , getting the distinct impression that Vail Resorts was trying to create a perception of widespread snow in Colorado .
In my mind , the simple fact that Vail Resorts was represented in the interview was part of that effort ; otherwise , why not interview a weather expert who might present some fact - based information ?
I understand that The Weather Channel is as much about entertainment as it is about the weather .
But many people still rely on the station for accurate information .
So it irked me to see that there was no mention of the fact that on my side of the Rockies – the western side -- it was warm , dry and sunny .
No snow at all , no boon for skiers at Vail Resorts .
That glaring omission seemed another sign that truth in weather reporting was at risk .
I would n't call it a conspiracy to sell more season passes , but then again , those passes are a key source of revenue for Vail Resorts these days .
About that same time , the chairman of Vail Resorts sent out a photo of snow on the deck of his house near Boulder -- on the eastern side of the Rockies .
That 's when I decided to write a column about the weather ; how it 's reported and how it 's sometimes subject to a bit of massaging by the ski resorts .
The first part was easy .
I explained the conditions that lead to an upslope storm .
Then I gently chided Vail Resorts for its spin on the weather and suggested that the ski areas and the mountain communities nearby would be better served in the long term by honesty and transparency .
Apparently , I hit a nerve , because Rob Katz , the CEO of Vail , called me a few hours after the column was published to complain that I had questioned his personal integrity .
I told him that I 've lived in the mountains for a long time and that I recognize a snow job when I see one .
Katz replied that the column called into question his company 's ability to work with me and my newspaper .
A few days later , I was called into the publisher 's office .
I was told that the ski company had pulled its advertising and that as a result it would be difficult for the newspaper to make up a quarterly budget shortfall .
I was also told that I had a lot of groveling to do if I wanted to repair the situation .
I was shaken at first , but a few days later , I asked my editor to back me up .
Wishful thinking on my part .
I was fired a week later , for reasons " not directly related to the column , " according to an e-mail from the editor , who claimed that my termination was the consequence of a long record of issues that had been documented in annual reviews .
As icing on the cake , the paper offered me about $ 3,000 not to talk about the termination .
I did n't take it .
This whole thing leaves me still shaking my head .
Not that I 've given up reporting the facts as I see them .
These days , I write stories for my new Web site , the Summit County Voice .
I 'm planning to set it up as a nonprofit , grassroots community news source , published only on the Web .
I may even take some time out to enjoy some skiing -- when it snows .
Bob Berwyn is a contributor to Writers on the Range , a service of High Country News ( hcn.org ) .
He writes in Frisco , Colorado .
Travel website Kayak has a hidden easter egg reference to ABC's TV drama Lost .
Search Kayak for flights from Sydney 's SYD airport to Los Angeles 's LAX and you 'll see that Oceanic Flight 815 — the very one that crashed on the mysterious island in the first episode of Lost — is one of your options .
That 's exciting if you 're looking to get stranded on a desert island dotted with smoke monsters , apparitions , crazy science experiments , electromagnetic abnormalities , immortals , polar bears , mysterious hatches , giant four - toed statues and warring factions of scientists .
The Oceanic flight is four times as expensive as the next - cheapest one , and well , it 's obviously not real .
Actually , try to buy the ticket and you 'll be redirected to a Lost wiki entry on Oceanic Flight 815 .
Read a bit about what happened to the flight on that wiki and you 'll be glad you could n't get a seat .
This little easter egg is no doubt a grab for press with next week 's season premiere of Lost coming up .
It 'll be the final season , so hype is at a maximum .
This kind of web and social media viral marketing actually fits well with the spirit of the show , which was promoted in its early days with similar easter eggs , viral campaigns and reality games .
The History of Norawas de Raramuri : Friends of the Running People
Norawas de Raramuri was a 501 ( c ) 3 Nonprofit Organization , started in 2008 by a group of Mas Locos and Micah True .
They were friends of the Raramuri , also known as the Tarahumara , the native inhabitants of the Copper Canyons of Mexico .
Norawas celebrates their way of life and their culture , which revolves around the joy of running and the importance of sharing with others .
With respect and love , Norawas maintains the great bridge that was created by Micah True , Caballo Blanco , between the Raramuri and runners of good will from all over the world .
While Norawas is no longer an active 501c3 nonprofit , all the friends and those involved still are active in supporting the peoples and communities of the Canyons .
We maintain this website to preserve the history of Norawas and to honor our founder Micah True and his Message of ‘ Run Free ’ and all that it encompasses .
Please follow along as we continue to update this website and introduce our new projects .
We greatly appreciate your help and Korima .
Iran Warns of Consequences Against Switzerland over Minaret Ban
Iran has warned that there will be “ consequences ” against Switzerland if it will implement a ban on the construction of new minarets over Muslim mosques in the country .
The ban was ratified in a national referendum last November 29 .
The Swiss population voted 57 % to validate the referendum .
The government and parliament are against the ban but declared that they will honor the results of the national poll .
Iran Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki told Swiss counterpart Micheline Calmy - Rey over the phone that the restriction is “ against the prestige of a country which claims to be an advocate of democracy and human rights . ”
He is hoping that Bern will find the necessary steps to be able to prevent the implementation of the ban .
Iran , which is 90 % Shiite Muslim , has allowed the construction of Christian churches and Jewish synagogues in its territory , although some Sunni Muslims are complaining that they are having troubles creating their places of worship .
The ban drew criticism from the United Nations , Muslim states , fellow European nations and the Vatican .
Who Is Gremlin on ' The Masked Singer ' ?
Viewers are already certain about the identity of this furry , purple …
Global Warming Profiteers Exposed On National Television as Ventura Show Blows Giant Hole In Climate Change Fraud
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Thursday , December 17 , 2009
The latest installment of Jesse Ventura ’s highly successful Conspiracy Theory show exposed millions of viewers on national TV last night to the climate change fraud , blowing a giant hole in the global warming scam by exposing how its adherents comprise wealthy industrialists making billions in profits by fearmongering about the environment .
Ventura and his team attempted to track down the key architects of the scheme , a search which led them to Beijing China and the heavily guarded residence of global warming pioneer and billionaire Maurice Strong .
The show lifts the lid on how the very same alarmists pushing the threat of climate change are profiting in the billions from carbon trading systems in which they have a huge personal stake .
The most damning part of the program is when Ben Santer , a climate researcher and lead IPCC author of Chapter 8 of the 1995 IPCC Working Group I Report , admits that he deleted sections of the IPCC chapter which stated that humans were not responsible for climate change .
Accusing Santer of altering opinions in the IPCC report that disagreed with the man-made thesis behind climate change , Lord Monckton told the program , “ In comes Santer and re-writes it for them , after the scientists have sent in their finalized draft , and that finalized draft said at five different places , there is no discernable human effect on global temperature – I ’ve seen a copy of this – Santer went through , crossed out all of those and substituted a new conclusion , and this has been the official conclusion ever since . ”
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
“ Lord Monckton points to deletions from the chapter , and there were deletions from the chapter , to be consistent with the other chapters we dropped the summary at the end , ” Santer admits to the program .
Commenting on The Alex Jones Show today , Lord Monckton said that this was the first time Santer had publicly admitted to deleting the information .
Santer was intimately involved in the Climategate email scandal , communicating with other IPCC - affiliated scientists who conspired to “ hide the decline ” in global warming .
Does Santer ’s shocking admission that he deleted the opinions of scientists who stated that human activity did not cause global warming from a key IPCC report represent Climategate 2 ?
Watch the clips below .
One of the most insightful moments in the show arrives when Amit Chatterjee , CEO of Hara , a company that sells carbon credits , is confronted with the fact that his business is bankrolled by an investment firm partnered with Al Gore .
After admitting that the “ carbon market ” will be worth a trillion dollars by 2015 , and that his company will rake in billions , but then denying that he will profit from lobbying for cap and trade laws as well as any link to Al Gore , Chatterjee is confronted by Ventura .
Watch the clip .
“ We do n’t have any direct relationship with Al Gore , ” claims Chatterjee , despite a June 2009 Reuters report headlined , Gore - backed Hara sees profit from low - carbon economy .
“ Hara , a 25 - employee company that debuted in 2008 , provides online software to help companies reduce their carbon footprint — a $ 2.5 billion market that will grow 10 - fold if the proposed energy bill , which will require companies to get permits for emissions , becomes law , Chief Executive Amit Chatterjee said , ” states the report .
The Reuters report states that Hara is “ An environmental start - up backed by Al Gore ’s venture capital firm . ”
Ventura challenges Chatterjee on his denial of a connection with Al Gore , at which point Chatterjee ’s slick demeanor changes to that of a deer trapped in the headlights .
“ No relationship with Al Gore ?
Let him tell that to me , ” comments Ventura .
Chatterjee then becomes evasive and refuses to comment when Ventura points out that Chatterjee ’s company will make a fortune as a result of Al Gore ’s lobbying for cap and trade to be passed .
Ventura makes Chatterjee look like a kid caught with his hand in the cookie jar .
“ Maybe they never met at the company picnic , but Al Gore owns a piece of his business , ” comments Ventura , “ He makes sure they make payroll . ”
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
The trail then leads to Maurice Strong , “ the world ’s leading environmentalist , who just happens to be a billionaire industrialist . ”
As we have documented , Maurice Strong , who is regularly credited as founding father of the modern environmental movement , serves on the board of directors of The Chicago Climate Exchange ( CCX ) .
Strong was a leading initiate of the Earth Summit in the early 90s , where the theory of global warming caused by CO2 generated by human activity was most notably advanced .
By using his considerable wealth and influence to lobby for cap and trade and a tax on CO2 emissions , Strong stands to enrich his company ’s coffers to the tune of trillions if a binding agreement on carbon dioxide is formulated in Copenhagen .
Strong and his close ally Al Gore come from a stable of elite groups that have long sought to use the environmental movement to advance their agendas .
Strong , who was groomed by David Rockefeller to eventually serve as Director of the Rockefeller Foundation , is also a member of the Bilderberg Group , the Trilateral Commission , the Council on Foreign Relations and the Club of Rome .
In their 1991 report , The First Global Revolution , the Club of Rome , a powerful globalist NGO committed to limiting growth and bringing in a post - industrial society , conspired to exploit fears about the environment to make humans the enemy so they could usher in a global government .
“ In searching for a new enemy to unite us , we came up with the idea that pollution , the threat of global warming , water shortages , famine and the like would fit the bill … .
All these dangers are caused by human intervention …
The real enemy , then , is humanity itself , ” states the report .
Ventura and his team are unable to confront Strong , as he remains ensconced in his heavily guarded Beijing residence , but they do talk to whistleblower George Hunt , an official with the World Wilderness Conference who worked with Strong in 1987 .
Hunt tells Ventura that Strong is one of the leading conspirators behind a plot on behalf of aristocratic billionaires to use global warming as a justification for a one world bank , a global currency and a global government – which is exactly what ’s unfolding right now in Copenhagen with UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon insisting that global governance will be imposed to enforce CO2 regulations .
Ventura concludes the show by stating that global warming is a fear tactic invented to control people and make trillions in profit .
Ventura signs off by stating that people who preach the global warming gospel , “ Are not out to save the world – they ’re out to run it . ”
Watch the entirety of last night ’s show via You Tube below .
The show ’s riveting investigative - style approach to the subject matter has attracted droves of viewers for the series .
The premiere episode of Ventura ’s new show , aired earlier this month , was watched by 1.6 million viewers , truTV ’s biggest audience ever for a new series launch .
This article was posted : Thursday , December 17 , 2009 at 10:54 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Ez a cikk legalább 1 éve frissült utoljára .
A benne szereplő információk a megjelenés idején pontosak voltak , de mára elavultak lehetnek .
Ho Ho HÓ !
Remélem mindenkihez megérkezett már a mikulás .
A szifon.com csapata is munkálkodott , hogy mi is adhassunk valamit ezen a nevezetes napon .
Reméljük tetszeni fog nektek .
Emlékeztek mikor az iWay -t bejelentettük ?
Igen fél éve volt Tulajdonképpen mi fél évvel ezelőtt kezdtük el fejleszteni a bkv szifonos változatát , ami mint azt láthatjátok teljesen offline internet nélkül is használható , és igen most a végére értünk .
Valljuk be nem minden nap foglalkoztunk az ügyön az is igaz , hogy nem volt könny ű megcsinálni még most sem , mikor már a bkv új honlapja alapján készítettük .
Úgy döntöttünk amíg apró javításokat végzünk még rajta , addig is elérhetitek online egy részét , illetve adhatok nekünk tippeket miket rakjunk be az offline illetve online részbe .
A bkv menetrend offline tehát internet nélküli használatát az iPhone tulajoknak fejlesztettük ki , illetve lesz egy webes online menetrend is , amit minden mobile - al elérhettek majd gyorsan zökken őmentesen .
A technikai részekről most Developer kolléga fog beszélni :
A project alapötlete onnan jött , hogy egy átmulatott éjszaka után hazafele tartottam , és az adott megállóban le volt tépve a menetrend , így nem tudtam hogy mikor jön a következő éjszakai járat .
A BKV weboldalán pedig éjszaka megtalálni az információkat , fél óra lett volna .
Pedig milyen jó lenne , ha már úgyis mindig nálam van az iPhone - om , két kattintással meg tudnám nézni a menetrendet !
A project technikai nehézsége abból adódott , hogy a BKV lassan 2010 - ben , még ott tart , hogy a menetrendeket Excel formátumban készíti el .
Szinte az összes menetrend eltér egymástól struktúrában .
A feladatot nehezítette , hogy jó pár menetrend csak .pdf vagy .cdr formátumban érhet ő el. Szóval teljesen összevisszaság jellemzi a dolgokat .
Egy id őre fel is adtam a program elkészítését .
Pár hete hallottam róla , hogy készül az új weboldala a cégnek .
Reméltem , hogy a menetrend megjelenítését is megreformálják .
Az Excel - es megoldásról nem sikerült lemondaniuk , viszont végre már egységesebb formátumban érhetők el. ( szinte minden megtalálható .html formátumban ) .
Így be tudtam fejezni a program hiányzó részeit .
Első körben online adjuk ki , mivel az adatok mennyiségéből adódóan több hiba is előfordulhat .
Ha ilyet találtok , kérünk jelezzétek a program alján található linken !
Ha bármi ötletetek van , azokat is szívesen várjuk !
( Útvonaltervezést nem valószínű hogy tudni fog a program , ezt ne is kérdezzétek , mivel ahhoz a bkv teljes adatbázisára szükségünk lenne ( pl. koordináták ) .
Ilyen Excel - ből generált , parse - olt adatokkal ez szinte lehetetlen lenne ) .
Tehát az iWay -t , a iWay.szifon.com címen találjátok .
Telepítés :
1. A Szifonon írjuk be a safariba : http://iway.szifon.com
2. Adjuk hozzá iconként a springboard - ra .
Arra kérünk benneteket , hogy teszteljétek jelezzétek a hibákat , illetve segítsetek fejleszteni , ha vannak ötleteitek nyugodtan írjátok meg .
Az offline és a teljes változatig még 2 - 3 nap türelmeteket kérjük .
Tisztelettel : Szifon.com csapat
Bankers like to think of themselves as ‘ Clint Eastwood ’ types : reporter
Senior executives at Goldman Sachs are so afraid that they could be the targets of a “ populist uprising ” against banks that they have taken to arming themselves , says an unconfirmed report at Bloomberg News .
Citing only an unnamed “ friend ” at the New York - based investment bank , columnist Alice Schroeder alleged that “ senior Goldman people have loaded up on firearms and are now equipped to defend themselves if there is a populist uprising against the bank . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ They ’re concerned about social unrest , they ’re concerned about the fact that we ’ve got a country where a quarter of the kids are on food stamps and they ’ve become a symbol of greed , ” Schroeder said in an interview at Bloomberg TV .
Schroeder , a former insurance analyst known for her biography of billionaire investor Warren Buffett , reported that the New York Police Department responded “ preliminarily ” to a freedom - of - information request by saying the names of some Goldman executives appear on the list of people licensed to carry firearms .
“ I do n’t think this should lead people to think that there are a bunch of pin-striped bankers hunkered down with Uzis , protecting themselves from the populace , ” Schroeder said , adding that the trend among Goldman bankers started before the controversy over Goldman ’s huge bonuses exploded earlier this year .
Schroeder says she was half - joking when she wrote in her column that “ this is the kind of foresight that Goldman Sachs is justly famous for .
[ Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd ]
Blankfein somehow anticipated the persecution complex his fellow bankers would soon suffer . ”
Schroeder also suggested that Goldman employees may well want to cultivate this sort of image , as gun-toting tough guys :
ADVERTISEMENT
Talk of Goldman and guns plays right into the way Wall - Streeters like to think of themselves .
Even those who were bailed out believe they are tough , macho Clint Eastwoods of the financial frontier , protecting the fistful of dollars in one hand with the Glock in the other .
The last thing they want is to be so reasonably paid that the peasants have no interest in lynching them .
Dan Carter at Air America speculates that the alleged Goldman gun rush may be a sign that the company is preparing for another round of controversial bonuses :
It seems patently obvious : Goldman is preparing to unload another monstrous round of bonuses .
Instead of scaling back on their multi-million dollar end - of - the - year wads of cash in an effort to quell a bit of the outrage , Wall St. executives are challenging the public to pry their bonuses from their cold dead hands .
The cowboys of finance have taken that title literally and are preparing –no daring–any would - be vigilantes to make a move .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ It ’s never good when anyone buys guns , particularly not rich weenies with persecution complexes , ” Matt Taibbi half - jokes on his True / Slant blog .
Taibbi is credited with focusing the public ’s anger over the bank bailout at Goldman Sachs with his Rolling Stone article “ Inside the Great American Bubble Machine , ” which alleges that Goldman played a pivotal role in every asset bubble that has plagued the US economy over the past 80 years .
Taibbi sees some humor in Goldman employees ’ alleged gun frenzy .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ There ’s even the impossible - to - resist image of a future accidental shooting of some innocent hot dog vendor on Park Avenue , followed by the inevitable P.R. response from Goldman in which the bank claims that the only thing its employees are guilty of is ‘ being really good at shooting people , ' ” Taibbi quips .
If the Bloomberg report is accurate , it would hardly mark the first time that America has seen armed bankers .
“ Before bank insurance , before the FDIC , a bank ’s vault cash was its sole source of funds to cover its customers ’ withdrawals , ” write Beverly and Curtis Wayne in the ABA Banking Journal :
[ In the 19th century ] at the National Iron Bank in Falls Village , Conn. , tellers were held accountable for the funds they handled .
The bank took pains to help them protect those funds ; bank robbers were mostly deterred by the elaborate bronze teller cages .
Upon completion of his teller ’s course , each National Iron Bank teller was issued a Colt .44 revolver .
Confronted by a robber , the teller was trained to reach forward into a specially made recess , grab the .44 , and deter the robber .
ADVERTISEMENT
Watch Schroeder ’s interview at Bloomberg TV here .
- S -
striga
n. - ( pl. - gae ) stria ; plant 's stiff bristle .
strigal , adj .
strigate , adj .
having striga .
strigil
n. - instrument used to scrape down skin in Greek and Roman baths .
strigilation
n. - scraping .
strigine
adj .
- pertaining to or like an owl .
striola
n. - ( pl. - lae ) small or weak stria .
striolate , adj .
having striolae .
strobic
adj .
- spinning ; like a top .
strobile
n. - strobilus n. cone - like inflorescence , especially of hop .
strobilaceous , strobiline , strobiloid , adj .
stroboscope
n. - instrument for studying periodic motion by illuminating object with flashes at same frequency as that of its motion .
stroboscopic , adj .
stroboscopy , n .
strombuliform
adj .
- like a spinning top or screw .
struma
n. - ( pl. - mae ) goitre .
strumectomy , n. surgical removal of struma .
strumose , strumous , strumatic , adj .
struthian
adj . - ratite .
struthiform , adj .
like an ostrich .
struthionine , struthious , adj .
stucco
n. - ( pl. - oes ) kind of plaster for exteriors of buildings , especially highly ornamented .
stultify
v. - make to seem foolish ; frustrate ; make futile .
stuttification , n .
stupefacient
adj .
- stupefying ; n. narcotic .
stupefy , v. make stupid ; daze .
stupeous
adj .
- tow - like .
stupose , adj .
having tow - like tufts .
stupration
n. - rape .
stupulose
adj . - downy .
sturnine
adj .
- pertaining to starlings .
strunoid , adj .
like a starling .
stygiophobia
n. - fear of hell
stylite
n. - ascetics who lived on top of pillars
stylobate
n. - coping , etc. , supporting colonnade .
stylograph
n. - fountain pen with needle - like point .
stylography , n.writing with a style on wax tablet , etc. stylographic , adj .
stylometer
n. - column - measuring instrument .
styptic
adj . , n. - ( substance ) checking bleeding by constricting blood vessels .
stypsis , n. use of this .
suaviation
n. - a love kiss
subacid
adj .
- slightly acid .
subacute
adj .
- applied to diseases between acute and chronic .
subaerial
adj .
- in open air ; on surface of ground .
subagitation
n. - copulation
subahdar
n. - viceroy ; provincial governor ; sepoy company commander .
subalary
adj .
- beneath wings .
subalpine
adj . - of higher mountain slopes below timber line .
subangular
adj . - subangulate a. somewhat angular .
subarid
adj .
- slightly arid .
subarrhation
n. - betrothal , with gift from man to woman .
subastral
adj . - sublunary .
subaudition
n. - understanding of something not expressed ; thing so understood .
subaudible , adj .
hardly audible .
subauditur , n. thing understood ; implication .
subboreal
adj .
- very cold .
subdecimal
adj .
- applied to quotient of division by a multiple of ten .
subdecuple , adj .
containing one part of ten .
subderisorious
adj .
- mildly ridiculing
subdititious
adj .
- secret substitution
subdolous
adj .
- rather crafty or sly
subduplicate
adj .
- expressed by square root .
subereous
adj .
- pertaining to or like cork .
suberise , v. convert into corky tissue .
suberose , adj .
like cork .
subfluvial
adj .
- beneath , or at bottom of , a river .
subfocal
adj .
- of which one is not entirely conscious .
subfusc
adj .
- dusky drab ; n. formal academic dress at Oxford University .
subinfeudate
v. - grant to another land held from feudal lord ; sublet .
subinfeudation , subinfeudatory , n .
subintelligitur
n. - a meaning implied but not stated
subitaneous
adj . - sudden .
subjacent
adj .
- lying or situated below .
sublate
v. - deny ; cancel ; reduce , especially an idea to subordinate part of a greater unity .
sublation , n. sublative , adj . tending to remove .
sublethal
adj . - not quite fatal .
sublineation
n. - act of underlining .
sublunary
adj . - of the world ; terrestrial .
subluxation
n. - state of being almost dislocated .
submaxillary
adj .
- beneath lower jaw .
submaxillary gland , salivary gland discharging beneath tongue .
submerse
v. - submerge .
submersible , a. ; n. vessel used for undersea exploration or maintenance .
submersion , n .
submiliary
adj .
- smaller than a millet seed .
subminimal
adj .
- less than minimum necessary ; subliminal .
submontane
adj . - at foot of mountain .
submultiple
adj . , n. - ( quantity ) dividing into another exactly .
subnubilar
adj .
- under clouds .
subnuvolar , adj .
suboctuple
adj .
- containing one part of eight ; related as 1 is to 8 .
subquintuple
adj .
- having ratio of 1 to 5 .
subreptary
adj .
- adapted to crawling .
subreption , n. false or unfair deduction or representation due to suppression of truth .
subreptitious , adj .
pertaining to subreption .
subrident
adj . - smiling .
subrision , n .
subsannation
n. - derision
subsextuple
adj .
- related as 1 is to 6 .
subsolar
adj .
- beneath the sun ; sublunary ; between tropics .
substantive
adj .
- pertaining to or like a substance or entity ; existing alone ; independent ; substantial ; solid ; essential ; real , actual ; Grammar , expressing existence ; n. noun or pronoun .
substantival , adj .
substaquilate
v. - to defeat , overwhelm
substituent
n. - thing , especially atom , substituted for another .
subsultus
n. - convulsive movement .
subsultory , adj .
leaping .
subtend
v. - extend beneath or opposite to .
subtense , adj .
pertaining to object of known length by which distances are measured .
subtopia
n. - deceptively spacious subrural suburban paradise .
subtrahend
n. - amount to be subtracted .
subtrist
adj .
- rather sad .
subturbary
adj . - beneath turf .
subulate
adj .
- long and tapering ; awl - shaped .
subulicorn , adj .
having such horns or antennae .
subuliform , adj .
subungual
adj . - subunguial a. beneath a nail or hoof .
suburbicarian
adj .
- pertaining to suburbs , especially of Rome .
subvention
n. - subsidy .
subvene , v. support ; aid ; happen to help .
subvocal
adj .
- put into words but not spoken .
succedaneum
n. - ( pl. - ea ) substitute ; remedy .
succedaneous , adj .
succent
v. - sing second part .
succentor , n. deputy precentor .
succiniferous
adj .
- producing amber .
succise
adj .
- having appearance of having lower part cut off .
succorrhoea
n. - excessive secretion .
succory
n. - chicory .
succursal
adj .
- like a branch or outgrowth ; subordinate .
succus
n. - ( pl. - cci ) juice .
succus entericus , digestive secretion of small intestine .
succuss
v. - shake violently , especially Medicine , to detect presence of fluid .
succussation , succussion , n. succussatory , succussive , adj .
suctorial
adj .
- pertaining to , or for , sucking ; having such organs .
suctorian , n. such animal .
sudamen
n. - ( pl. - mina ) eruption due to retention of sweat under skin .
sudarium
n. - ( pl. - ia ) handkerchief or cloth for wiping away sweat , especially St. Veronica's , on which portrait of Christ is supposed to have been impressed ; sudatorium .
sudatorium , n. ( pl. - ia ) sweating room of a bath .
sudatory
adj .
- sweating ; sudorific ; n. sudatorium ; sudarium .
sudd
n. - mass of floating weed blocking the Nile .
sudiform
adj .
- having shape of stake .
sudor
n. - sweat .
sudoral , sudoric , adj .
sudoresis , n. copious sweating .
sudoriferous , sudoriparous , adj .
sweat - producing .
sudorific , n. & a. ( drug ) promoting perspiration .
sufflaminate
v. - check ; obstruct .
sufflamination , n .
sufflation
n. - afflatus .
suffrutescent
adj .
- having woody base .
suffruticose , suffruticous , adj .
applied to such perennial plant , remaining herbaceous in upper part .
sugent
adj . - suctorial .
sugescent , adj .
suggilate
v. - beat black and blue ; slander .
suggilation , n .
sui generis
adj .
- ' of its , his or her own kind ' ; unique .
sui juris , ' in his or her own right ' ; having full legal rights .
suilline
adj . , n. - ( person or animal ) like a pig .
suint
n. - sheep 's dried perspiration in wool .
sulcate
adj .
- having grooves ; furrowed ; v.t. furrow .
sulcation , n. sulcus , n. groove , furrow , especially on surface of brain .
sullage
n. - refuse ; sewage ; pollution ; silt .
sulpha - drugs
n. - pl. pl. group of synthetic chemical drugs also called sulphonamides , including sulphadiazine for pneumonia ; sulphaguanidine for intestinal infections ; sulphanilamide for throat infections , blood - poisoning , etc. ; and others .
sulphate
n. - salt of sulphuric acid .
sulphide , n. compound of sulphur .
sulphite , n. salt of sulphurous acid .
sulphonal
n. - kind of sedative drug .
sulphonalism , n. condition due to abuse of this .
sulphurate
v. - impregnate with sulphur .
sulphureous , adj .
pertaining to or like sulphur .
sulphuretted , adj .
impregnated with sulphur .
sulphuric , adj .
containing sulphur in higher valency .
sulphurous , adj .
containing sulphur in lower valency ; pertaining to hellfire ; scathing ; profane .
summa
n. - ( pl. - mae ) comprehensive treatise .
summa cum laude , ' with the highest praise ' ; highest distinction in some academic examinations .
summa rerum , ' sum of things ' ; great public interest .
summa summarum , ' sum of sums ' ; consummation .
summand
n. - number , quantity to be added in a sum .
sumpter
n. - pack ; pack horse ; beast of burden .
sumptuary
adj .
- regulating expenditure .
superannuate
v. - discharge as too old ; pension off .
superannuation , n. retirement pension .
superciliary
adj .
- pertaining to brows or eyebrows .
supercilious , adj .
haughty ; contemptuous .
supercrescent
adj . - parasitic .
supererogate
v. - i. do more than necessary .
supererogation , supererogator , n. supererogative , supererogatory , adj .
superfetate
adj .
- conceive during pregnancy .
superfetation , n. such conception ; cumulative growth by accretion ; overproduction .
superficies
n. - surface ; surface area .
superficiary , adj .
built on another 's land .
superheterodyne
adj .
- Radio , applied to reception in which oscillations of slightly different frequency are imposed on the received oscillations , producing beats of a frequency above audio- frequency which are easily amplified .
superhumeral
n. - garment , especially ecclesiatical , worn over shoulders .
superincumbent
adj .
- lying on top of ; overhanging .
superincumbence , superincumbency , n .
superinduce
v. - bring as addition .
superinduction , n .
superjacent
adj .
- lying over or above .
superlunary
adj .
- above the moon ; other - worldly .
supermaxillary
adj .
- pertaining to the upper jaw .
supernaculum
n. - a liquor drunk to the last drop ; excellent booze
supernal
adj .
- heavenly .
supernatant
adj .
- floating on surface .
supernatation , n .
supernumerary
adj . , n. - ( person ) in addition to usual or necessary number .
superphosphate
n. - acid phosphate .
superscribe
v. - write on top or at head .
superscript , adj .
written above .
superscription , n .
supersensible
adj .
- beyond physical perception ; spiritual .
supersolid
n. - magnitude of more than three dimensions .
superstratum
n. - ( pl. - ta ) overlying layer .
superterranean
adj . - superterraneous a. above or on surface of earth .
superterrene , adj .
supervacaneous
adj .
- needlessly added
supervene
v. - i. occur in addition or unexpectedly ; follow close upon .
supervenient , adj .
supervenience , supervention , n .
supinate
v. - lie or make lie on back ; turn arm so that palm is upward .
supination , n. supinator , n. muscle producing supination .
supinovalent
adj .
- able to fornicate only while supine
suppalpation
n. - gaining affection by caressing
suppedaneum
n. - ( pl. - ea ) support for feet , especially on cross for crucifixion .
suppedaneous , adj .
suppletion
n. - Philology , use of a word form as tense , inflection etc. of another , different word form , as e.g. worse as comparative of bad .
suppletive , adj .
suppletory , adj . supplementary .
supraliminal
adj . - conscious .
supraorbital
adj .
- above the eye socket .
surah
n. - soft silk fabric .
sural
adj .
- pertaining to calf of leg .
surcease
v. - cease ; stop ; n. cessation .
surcingle
n. - band fastening anything on horse 's back ; girdle or belt worn with cassock .
surculose
adj .
- producing suckers .
surculous , adj .
surculus , n. ( pl. - li ) sucker .
surd
adj .
- deaf ; senseless ;
Phonetics , unvoiced ; n. Mathematics , irrational number , as pi. surdomutism , surdimutism , n. state of being deaf and dumb .
surdomute , n. deaf and dumb person .
surma
n. - eye - shadow .
surmullet
n. - red mullet .
surnominal
adj .
- pertaining to surnames .
surrebutter
n. - Law , plaintiff 's reply to defendant 's rebutter .
surrebuttal , n. giving evidence in support of this .
surrejoinder
n. - Law plaintiff 's reply to defendant 's rejoinder .
suscept
n. - parasite 's host .
suscitate
v. - stimulate .
suscitation , n .
suspercollate
v. - to hang by the neck
suspire
v. - i. breathe ; sigh .
suspiration , n. suspirative , adj .
sustentation
n. - sustaining ; maintenance ; sustenance .
sustentative a .
susurrate
v. - i. whisper .
susurrant , adj .
susurrous , adj .
rustling .
susurrus , n. whispering sound .
susurration , n .
sutler
n. - camp - follower vending provisions .
sutlery , n .
suttee
n. - suicide of Hindu woman on husband 's funeral pyre ; this custom .
sutteeism , n .
suzerain
n. - sovereign .
suzerainty , n .
swage
n. - groove ; metal - worker 's grooved shaping tool ; v.t. shape with this .
swale
n. - meadow ; marshy hollow .
swallett
n. - underground river found in a mine
swipple
n. - blade of a flail .
sybotic
adj .
- pertaining to swineherd .
sybotism , n .
syconium
n. - form of fruit with ovaries on enlarged receptacle , as fig .
sycosis
n. - inflammatory pustular disease of facial hair follicles .
sycosiform , adj .
syllepsis
n. - ( pl. - ses ) use of word agreeing with only one of them to govern two or more words ; use of word in figurative and literal senses in same phrase . sylleptic ( al ) , adj .
sylph
n. - spirit of air ; slim girl .
sylphic , sylphid , adj .
sylva
n. - tree of a region ; treatise on trees ; anthology .
sylvan , sylvestral , adj .
symbiosis
n. - living together of two organisms of different kinds , especially to their mutual benefit .
symbion , symbiont , symbiote , n. such organism .
symbiotic , adj .
symbiotics , n. study of symbiosis .
symbolofideism
n. - having faith in symbols .
symbolatry , n. worship of symbols .
symphily
n. - living together to their mutual benefit , of insects and other organisms .
symphilic , symphilous , adj .
symphoric
n. - clumsy , accident prone
symphysis
n. - ( pl. - ses ) fixed articulation of two bones , especially by cartilaginous pad .
symphysis menti , symphysis of two lower jawbones at chin .
symphysis pubis , symphysis of two pubic bones .
symphytic , adj .
symploce
n. - repetition of initial and concluding phrases or words of a sentence at beginning and end of following sentence .
symptosis
n. - emaciation .
synactic
adj .
- acting in addition or together ; cumulative .
synaeresis
n. - pronunciation as one of two vowels usually pronounced separately .
synaesthesia
n. - sensation occurring in part distant from part stimulated ; association of sensation , as color , etc. , with other sensation .
synaesthetic , adj .
synallagmatic
adj .
- bilateral ; reciprocal .
synaloepha
n. - contraction of two syllables into one by omission of vowel .
synanthesis
n. - synchronous maturity of male and female elements of plant .
synanthetic , adj .
synanthy , n. growing together of two flowers .
synarchy
n. - joint rule .
synarchical , adj .
synartesis
n. - close junction .
synarthrosis , n. ( pl. - ses ) fixed articulation of bones .
synastry
n. - relationship between individuals as denoted by relationships between planets etc. in their astrological charts .
syncategorematic
adj .
- having meaning only in conjunction with another word .
synchoresis
n. - rhetorical device of apparently conceding point to strengthen argument .
synchroscope
n. - device indicating the degree of synchronism of associated machines or moving parts .
synchysis
n. - confusion .
synclastic
adj .
- curved in all directions towards same point .
syncline
n. - Geology , downward fold .
synclinal , synclinical , adj .
syncrasy
n. - combination .
syncretism
n. - combination of different religious beliefs ; eclecticism ; compromise .
syncretize , v.i. & t. become or cause to become fused .
syncretist , n. syncretistic , adj .
syndactyl
adj . , n. - ( animal ) with digits joined together .
syndactylia , syndactylism , syndactyly , n. syndactylic , syndactylous , adj .
syndetic
adj . - connective .
syndic
n. - magistrate ; member of committee .
syndical , adj .
syndicalism , n. theory of obtaining control of means of production by workers ' organizations .
synechiology
n. - doctrine of the continuity or union of things .
synechiological , adj .
synechthry
n. - living together of hostile species .
synecology
n. - study of ecological communities .
synectics
n. - problem - solving by creative and lateral thinking among a diverse group of people .
synergetic
adj .
- co-operating .
synergize , v.i. synergism , n. synergy ; Religion , doctrine of co- operation of human will with divine grace .
synergy , n. combined action of drugs , muscles , units , etc. to produce an effect greater than the sum of its parts .
synesis
n. - Grammar , construction in which grammatical agreement is according to sense rather than syntax .
synethnic
adj .
- of same race or country .
syngamy
n. - conjunction of gametes , etc. syngamic , syngamous , adj .
syngenesis
n. - sexual reproduction .
syngenetic , adj .
synizesis
n. - contraction of two syllables by combining pronunciation of successive vowels .
synkinesis
n. - movement of part when another is moved .
synoecious
adj .
- having male and female flowers in same inflorescence .
synoecize , v. join together .
synoecism , n. synoecy , n. association of species with benefit to one and neither harm nor benefit to other .
synoptophore
n. - instrument correcting defects in eye muscle .
synorthographic
adj . - spelt alike .
synovia
n. - lubricating fluid secreted by certain membranes .
synovial , adj .
synoviparous , adj .
producing this .
synovitis , n. inflammation of synovial membrane .
syntagma
n. - a systematic collection .
syntectic
adj .
- pertaining to syntexis .
synteresis
n. - intuitive knowledge of right and wrong ; ' divine spark ' of the soul .
syntexis
n. - wasting or melting away .
synthermal
adj .
- having same temperature .
syntony
n. - tuning wireless instrument to same wavelength .
syntonic , adj .
pertaining to syntony ; Psychology , in harmony with one 's surroundings .
syntonize , v .
sypher
v. - ( of boards ) join edge to edge or overlap to form a level surface .
syringadenous
adj .
- pertaining to sweat glands .
syrinx
n. - ( pl. - ringes ) tubular object ; bird 's vocal organ ; Pan 's pipes .
syrt
n. - sinking sand or quicksand
systatic
adj .
- bringing together .
Ferrell suffered box office disappointments including Semi-Pro
Hollywood star Will Ferrell has topped a list of luminaries whose returns offer the least value for money .
According to Forbes ' list , the movie funnyman made just $ 3.29 ( £ 1.97 ) for every dollar he was paid after a run of box office disappointments .
Ewan McGregor finished second , followed by Billy Bob Thornton , Eddie Murphy and rapper turned actor Ice Cube .
Forbes calculated stars ' estimated earnings against the performance of their films to devise their list .
Poor performance
Box office performance , DVD and TV rights sales were all taken into account .
Tom Cruise finished sixth on the list due a series of deals in which he was not paid for movie roles , but was given a slice of box office returns .
Forbes said this meant he was paid even if a film failed to recoup its costs , bringing down his average return to just $ 7.18 ( £ 4.31 ) .
Eddie Murphy commanded a high salary after successes including The Nutty Professor , but his box office sheen has recently faded with the poor performance of recent films , which include the critically mauled Meet Dave .
The only female star to make it into the top 10 was Drew Barrymore at seven , whose average return amounted to $ 7.43 ( £ 4.46 ) .
Last month , Forbes published a list of the actresses who give the best value for money , in which Australian star Naomi Watts came out on top .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Two brothers who tortured two boys in a " sadistic " attack have been sentenced to an indefinite period of detention .
Sheffield Crown Court heard how the pair , then aged 10 and 11 , threatened to kill their nine and 11 - year - old victims in Edlington , South Yorkshire .
The brothers , who admitted causing grievous bodily harm , were told they would serve a minimum five years .
During their 90 - minute ordeal in April 2009 the victims were stamped on , forced to strip and hit with bricks .
Sentencing the brothers , the judge Mr Justice Keith described their behaviour as " appalling and terrible " .
He added : " The fact is this was prolonged , sadistic violence for no reason other than that you got a real kick out of hurting and humiliating them .
Hearing the evidence in court during these past three days has also been deeply upsetting for us all
Victims ' families
' Toxic ' life of brutal brothers Turning around child criminals " The bottom line for the two of you is that I 'm sure you both pose a very high risk of serious harm to others . "
Referring to the victims ' families , he said : " I want them to know that I 've taken into account the devastating effect that all of this has had on their lives and the lives of their boys .
" I have no doubt that they would have preferred to see [ the two brothers ] locked up for very much longer and I know that nothing can compare to the trauma the boys went through , but I hope they appreciate that five years is the very least they will serve . "
' Terrible incident '
After sentencing , Doncaster Council offered a profuse apology to the victims for deficiencies which left the brothers free to attack .
Director of children 's services Nick Jarman offered " an unqualified apology " for the failings " which led to this terrible incident " .
He said an independent investigating officer would be appointed and where serving or former staff were found to be culpable disciplinary action would follow .
ANALYSIS Clive Coleman , legal affairs analyst
Indeterminate sentences consist of a minimum period of custody , known as the tariff , which the prisoner must serve .
Once the tariff is served , the prisoner will not be released unless he or she can satisfy the authorities that they no longer pose a threat to the community .
That means that prisoners can remain in custody indefinitely and it is for that reason that some have criticised indeterminate sentences as the new ' life ' sentences .
Prior to their introduction the authorities were powerless to stop some criminals who clearly remained a danger , but had served their sentence , from being released .
In a statement issued through police , the boys ' families said the events had " rocked our lives " .
" We have found the last nine months to have been an extremely difficult and testing time , " they said .
" Hearing the evidence in court during these past three days has also been deeply upsetting for us all . "
Describing the effect of the attack on the victims , the judge said : " Their physical and emotional scars will live with them for a long time to come .
" Their relationship with each other has been seriously affected and their parents have been left with a strong sense of guilt , which they did n't begin to deserve , about whether they could have done more to protect their boys . "
Part of the attack was filmed by one of the brothers on a mobile phone .
' Domination and degradation '
The judge said : " By recording parts of what you did on a mobile , you made at least some of this an example of happy slapping . "
The judge said the boys had chosen their victims because of their vulnerability .
He told the elder brother : " You wanted to assert your dominance over them by the use of aggression , extreme violence and sexual degradation and inflicting pain in order to gain a sense of power and control over their lives . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The judge said the younger boy had controlled the victims by " domination , degradation and inflicting pain for the purpose of your own emotional pleasure . "
The brothers showed no emotion as the sentences were passed .
As they were led out of court the mother of their younger victim swore at them and called them " evil " .
The elder brother told police he attacked the boys because he had been bored and " there were nowt to do " .
The court earlier heard the brothers , who were placed in foster care a few months before the attack , had a chaotic upbringing with their violent father , mother and five brothers .
They were shown " extreme " horror films and the younger brother had access to pornographic DVDs and smoked cannabis grown on his father 's allotment .
Speaking about the case , Det Supt Mick Mason of South Yorkshire Police said : " This is clearly the most traumatic investigation I have ever come across .
Not the most difficult - but the most traumatic . "
The court was told how the boys were approached by the brothers on 4 April and lured to an isolated wood ravine where they were strangled , stripped and forced to sexually abuse each other .
The elder victim was seriously injured when pieces of ceramic sink were dropped on his head .
After their tormentors left the scene the injured boy told the younger victim : " You go and I 'll just die here . "
' Serious failings '
The blood - soaked boy raised the alarm and the elder boy was later found lying face down with the bottom half of his body naked .
One of the men who found him told the court he feared the youngster had died .
The attackers were placed on the sex offenders register for three years .
The boys also received 24 months ' detention for the offences of causing a child to engage in sexual activity and 18 months ' detention for robbing the boys .
They were each sentenced to 30 months ' detention after they admitted causing another 11 - year - old actual bodily harm a week before the young boys were attacked .
All sentences will run concurrently .
Following sentencing a hearing was held in which the judge ruled he would not lift restrictions banning the reporting of the defendants ' identities .
A BBC investigation has revealed the two attackers were well - known troublemakers and social services were heavily involved in their lives .
A Safeguarding Children Board report , seen by BBC Newsnight , found the attack could have been prevented .
Chair of the board , Roger Thompson , said : " No - one could have predicted the severity of the attack .
However , the review has concluded there were serious failings in local services . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A Myth of Grass - Fed Beef
On the PBS website for the muckraking documentary King Corn - a film that roundly attacks industrial agriculture - the following declaration is made : “ Before WW II , most Americans had never eaten corn - fed beef . ”
This claim , which has become a mantra in sustainable agriculture , is more often than not dispatched to rally support for grass - fed beef - a supposedly healthier and more environmentally sound way to feed cattle - which is to say , in accordance with the rhythms of nature rather than the time clock of industry .
Just a brief sample :
Now , it ’s hardly my intention to wade into the crossfire of the grass - v. grain - fed debate ( although I suspect that ’ll be inevitable ) .
Instead , I simply want to point out that any claim to cows eating corn being a recent development is , to say the least , deeply suspect .
Let ’s rewind to the past :
“ Corn is the best grain feed for fattening cattle . ” ( James Edward Halligan , Elementary Treatise on Stock Feeds and Feeding , 1911 , p. 207 . )
, Elementary Treatise on Stock Feeds and Feeding , 1911 , p. 207 . )
“ I believe that corn is the best feed for cattle and hogs … ” ( W.H. Freeman , Iowa Yearbook of Agriculture , 1904 , p. 345 . )
, Iowa Yearbook of Agriculture , 1904 , p. 345 . )
“ Green fodder corn is the best feed for milk cows … ” ( C.Z. Yoder , Annual Report of the Ohio State Board of Agriculture , 1886 , p. 400 . )
, Annual Report of the Ohio State Board of Agriculture , 1886 , p. 400 . )
“ I doubt not that ground or boiled corn is best for cattle … ” ( Hazel Ridge , Annual Report of the Commissioner of Patents , 1853 , p. 319 . )
, Annual Report of the Commissioner of Patents , 1853 , p. 319 . )
“ The fattening [ of cattle ] should be promoted by feeding them morning and evening with stalks of Indian corn . ”
( Samuel Deane , The New England Farmer , 1822 , p. 63 . )
Once again , I ’m not arguing that the grass - fed alternative is n’t a viable response to the problems of factory farming grain - fed cows .
I ’m only suggesting to advocates of the grass - fed option that , if they feel so compelled to draw on the past to support the present , they should start by providing some footnotes .
The romance of a pasture - fed past will only take the story so far .
L’investissement plaisir dans le vin grâce aux GFV : vous connaissez ?
Comme c’est le cas avec les objets d’art ou encore les véhicules d’occasion , les placements dans le vin attirent de plus en plus d’investisseurs qui cherchent à diversifier leur patrimoine .
Cela s’explique notamment par le fait que le secteur des vins et spiritueux , épargné par différentes crises , est aujourd ’hui l’un des premiers marché de luxe dans le monde .
Mais investir dans le vin n’est pas vraiment à la portée de tous .
Heureusement il existe les GFV qui permettent d’associer plaisir , optimisation fiscale et diversification du patrimoine .
Localiser un ami sur Facebook : géolocaliser une personne facilement , c’est possible !
S’il y a une chose qui reste au cœur de toutes les attentions au cours de cette ère numérique , ce sont nos données personnelles .
En seulement quelques années , leur gestion …
Comment retirer un antivol sur un vêtement ?
Antivols avec aimant , sans aimant , rond , … Parfois beaucoup trop préoccupé entre la surveillance des enfants et la liste des courses à faire au magasin , on ne fait pas toujours attention aux vêtements achetés .
Ce n’est qu’une …
Comment savoir d’où vient une lettre recommandée ?
Contrairement à d’autres types de courriers , la livraison d’une lettre recommandée nécessite votre présence dans l’objectif de signer un bon de réception : le fameux accusé de reception .
Grâce à…
Comment dénicher la niche dropshipping qui vous rendra riche ?
Assis devant votre écran , votre esprit s'évade vers des mondes parallèles ...
Dans l'univers A , vous être en train de bronzer à Copa Cabana .
Dans l'univers B , vous effectuez un trekking …
Micro-cravate ou micro tour d’oreille : lequel choisir ?
Vous êtes en pleine réflexion pour choisir un microphone de poche adapté pour vos activités , mais hésitez encore sérieusement entre le micro-cravate et le micro-casque .
Pour vous aider à trancher …
Inbound et marketing automation : une stratégie payante Stratégie marketing basée sur la création de contenus , l ’inbound marketing a pour avantage d’attirer des visiteurs sur son site puis de les convertir en clients .
Et pour que cela se …
Comment bien choisir sa chaise de gamer en fonction de sa morphologie ?
Inspirées des sièges de voitures de course , les chaises pour gamers sont conçues pour aider les joueurs à prendre soin de leur santé , notamment le dos .
En effet , ce sont …
Hired by local robber barons , Harvard Law Graduate Brisco County , Jr. searches for the members of the infamous John Bly gang , the same men who killed his father , a famous marshal and western legend .
Accompanied by his one - time rival and fellow bounty hunter Lord Bowler , Brisco rides through the West trying to bring his father 's killers to justice .
Along the way , he encounters mysterious golden orbs with strange abilities and colorful characters who help or hinder his mission as he hunts down the Bly gang one by one .
Written by Kevin < Kibble@vm.temple.edu >
Victory Science
Let us never forget just what 's at stake in the war in Afghanistan : nothing less than the success of the war in Afghanistan .
This war may be a mistake , a blood - soaked blunder , an unholy charnel house mindlessly consuming the bodies and souls of untold thousands , an open sore on the pockmarked face of history and an abomination before the sight of God and men , but it is first and foremost a war , and wars must be won .
If the United States does n't win this war , then will it not lose it ?
And if the United States loses this war , then wo n't the Unites States have lost it ?
And if the United States has lost this war , will that not then make the United States a kind of thing that loses wars ?
And then where would we be ?
And just as America can't afford to abandon this war , surely it can't afford to abandon the Afghan people , who without the American military would be left to the savage whims of their hated enemy , the Afghan people .
Indeed , it remains America 's solemn duty as the leader of the free world to bring freedom and security to the Afghan people by hunting down and eliminating the Afghan people .
Nor can America forget its own national security , and the dire threat posed by the Afghan people to our war against the Afghan people .
But we must also remember that the Afghans , menaced even though they are by the evil of the Afghans , are not blameless here .
Have they sufficiently appreciated our efforts to kill them ?
No , they have not .
Have they effectively and efficiently rebuilt their nation whenever we 've had cause to blow it up ?
No , they have not .
Have they become full and effective participants in the ongoing mission to kill them ?
No , they have not .
It is long past time for the people of Afghanistan to step up their efforts to kill themselves , and not merely rely on American generosity to finish the job for them .
And so the President will be sending additional troops to Afghanistan - but a precise number of troops , carefully determined by the nation 's top warologists after long months of carpet - bombing villages of laboratory mice - and they will kill Afghans there , but only for a precise period of time , calculated to be the exact interval necessary to protect our freedoms , or restore our security , or for all of us to grow bored and forget .
Let us never forget just what 's at stake in the war in Afghanistan : nothing less than the success of the war in Afghanistan .
This war may be a mistake , a blood - soaked blunder , an unholy charnel house mindlessly consuming the bodies and souls of untold thousands , an open sore on the pockmarked face of history and an abomination before the sight of God and men , but it is first and foremost a war , and wars must be won .
If the United States does n't win this war , then will it not lose it ?
And if the United States loses this war , then wo n't the Unites States have lost it ?
And if the United States has lost this war , will that not then make the United States a kind of thing that loses wars ?
And then where would we be ?
And just as America can't afford to abandon this war , surely it can't afford to abandon the Afghan people , who without the American military would be left to the savage whims of their hated enemy , the Afghan people .
Indeed , it remains America 's solemn duty as the leader of the free world to bring freedom and security to the Afghan people by hunting down and eliminating the Afghan people .
Nor can America forget its own national security , and the dire threat posed by the Afghan people to our war against the Afghan people .
But we must also remember that the Afghans , menaced even though they are by the evil of the Afghans , are not blameless here .
Have they sufficiently appreciated our efforts to kill them ?
No , they have not .
Have they effectively and efficiently rebuilt their nation whenever we 've had cause to blow it up ?
No , they have not .
Have they become full and effective participants in the ongoing mission to kill them ?
No , they have not .
It is long past time for the people of Afghanistan to step up their efforts to kill themselves , and not merely rely on American generosity to finish the job for them .
And so the President will be sending additional troops to Afghanistan - but a precise number of troops , carefully determined by the nation 's top warologists after long months of carpet - bombing villages of laboratory mice - and they will kill Afghans there , but only for a precise period of time , calculated to be the exact interval necessary to protect our freedoms , or restore our security , or for all of us to grow bored and forget .
Labels : everybody loves a winner , hope change and cluster bombs , running the world , warnography posted by the Medium Lobster at 9:49 AM
EX - FORMULA ONE driver Eddie Irvine has labelled Michael Schumacher 's attempted motorcycle racing career as ' sheer madness ' , amid frenzied rumours of the German ace 's F1 return in 2010 .
Schumacher 's former team - mate at Ferrari told BBC Radio 5 Live the German needed an outlet for his competitive streak and that a career motorcycle racing definitely was n't Schumacher 's best move .
" He tried the motorcycle riding , which was sheer madness because he was n't very good and was n't getting paid so I never understood that one , but F1 makes sense . "
" He 's been bored I think .
Very , very bored and he 's definitely up for it , " Irvine said about the German ace 's F1 comeback .
" I hope he comes back , it will be fantastic for F1 . "
In a new study in yesterday 's edition of the journal Nature , researchers analyze the speech - connected gene called FOXP2 — both in the variant found in we talkative humans and that found in our close relatives the chimpanzees , who despite great genetic similarity to us are not a linguistic bunch .
The team notes that only two amino acids separate the human and chimp versions .
So a post over at io9 came out with the headline , " One Gene Tweak Could Make Chimps Talk . "
It has a nice poetic ring to it , and we can understand why a sci- fi blog would theorize that tinkering with this important gene could turn our fair home into Planet of the Apes .
But we have to play the fun police on this one :
The headline is just so wrong .
FOXP2 certainly is important .
The scientists say in the Nature study that " so far , the transcription factor FOXP2 ( forkhead box P2 ) is the only gene implicated in Mendelian forms of human speech and language dysfunction . "
They say that scientists do n't know for sure whether this two - amino - acid change in human FOXP2 occurred around the same time we developed language and is connected us beginning to talk , but their study teases the idea : " These data provide experimental support for the functional relevance of changes in FOXP2 that occur on the human lineage , highlighting specific pathways with direct consequences for human brain development and disease in the central nervous system ( CNS ) . "
But the fact that FOXP2 is connected with human language , and that chimps have a slightly different version of the gene , does n't mean chips would start reciting Shakespeare if we swapped our version for theirs .
For one thing , there are unavoidable physical differences in the voicebox and the size ( and non-speech functions ) of the brain .
And FOXP2 is n't " The Speech Gene . "
Rather , it exerts some control over a series of other genes that all work in concert — at least 116 of them in humans .
The New York Times reports :
Several of the genes under FOXP2 ’s thumb show signs of having faced recent evolutionary pressure , meaning they were favored by natural selection .
This suggests that the whole network of genes has evolved together in making language and speech a human faculty .
So talking chimps are n't coming just because of one genetic tweak .
But maybe I 'll move Planet of the Apes up to the top of my Netflix queue — original version , of course .
Related Content : Discoblog : Chatty Chimps Use Human - Like Connection Center
Discoblog : " Bro-Mance " For Chimps ?
Male Apes Form Long , Lasting Friendships
DISCOVER : Great Mysteries of Human Evolution
Image : flickr / King Chimp
Multiple databases ¶
This topic guide describes Django ’s support for interacting with multiple databases .
Most of the rest of Django ’s documentation assumes you are interacting with a single database .
If you want to interact with multiple databases , you ’ll need to take some additional steps .
See also See Multi- database support for information about testing with multiple databases .
Defining your databases ¶
The first step to using more than one database with Django is to tell Django about the database servers you ’ll be using .
This is done using the DATABASES setting .
This setting maps database aliases , which are a way to refer to a specific database throughout Django , to a dictionary of settings for that specific connection .
The settings in the inner dictionaries are described fully in the DATABASES documentation .
Databases can have any alias you choose .
However , the alias default has special significance .
Django uses the database with the alias of default when no other database has been selected .
The following is an example settings .py snippet defining two databases – a default PostgreSQL database and a MySQL database called users : DATABASES = { ' default ' : { ' NAME ' : ' app_data ' , ' ENGINE ' : ' django.db.backends.postgresql ' , ' USER ' : ' postgres_user ' , ' PASSWORD ' : ' s3krit ' } , ' users ' : { ' NAME ' : ' user_data ' , ' ENGINE ' : ' django.db.backends.mysql ' , ' USER ' : ' mysql_user ' , ' PASSWORD ' : ' priv4te ' } }
If the concept of a default database does n’t make sense in the context of your project , you need to be careful to always specify the database that you want to use .
Django requires that a default database entry be defined , but the parameters dictionary can be left blank if it will not be used .
To do this , you must set up DATABASE_ROUTERS for all of your apps ’ models , including those in any contrib and third - party apps you ’re using , so that no queries are routed to the default database .
The following is an example settings .py snippet defining two non-default databases , with the default entry intentionally left empty : DATABASES = { ' default ' : {} , 'users ' : { ' NAME ' : ' user_data ' , ' ENGINE ' : ' django.db.backends.mysql ' , ' USER ' : ' mysql_user ' , ' PASSWORD ' : ' superS3cret ' } , ' customers ' : { ' NAME ' : ' customer_data ' , ' ENGINE ' : ' django.db.backends.mysql ' , ' USER ' : ' mysql_cust ' , ' PASSWORD ' : ' very Priv@ate ' } }
If you attempt to access a database that you have n’t defined in your DATABASES setting , Django will raise a django.db.utils.ConnectionDoesNotExist exception .
Synchronizing your databases ¶
The migrate management command operates on one database at a time .
By default , it operates on the default database , but by providing the - - database option , you can tell it to synchronize a different database .
So , to synchronize all models onto all databases in the first example above , you would need to call : $ ./manage.py migrate $ ./manage.py migrate --database=users
If you do n’t want every application to be synchronized onto a particular database , you can define a database router that implements a policy constraining the availability of particular models .
If , as in the second example above , you ’ve left the default database empty , you must provide a database name each time you run migrate .
Omitting the database name would raise an error .
For the second example : $ ./manage.py migrate --database=users $ ./manage.py migrate --database=customers
Using other management commands ¶
Most other django - admin commands that interact with the database operate in the same way as migrate – they only ever operate on one database at a time , using -- database to control the database used .
An exception to this rule is the makemigrations command .
It validates the migration history in the databases to catch problems with the existing migration files ( which could be caused by editing them ) before creating new migrations .
By default , it checks only the default database , but it consults the allow_migrate ( ) method of routers if any are installed .
Automatic database routing ¶
The easiest way to use multiple databases is to set up a database routing scheme .
The default routing scheme ensures that objects remain ‘ sticky ’ to their original database ( i.e. , an object retrieved from the foo database will be saved on the same database ) .
The default routing scheme ensures that if a database is n’t specified , all queries fall back to the default database .
You do n’t have to do anything to activate the default routing scheme – it is provided ‘ out of the box ’ on every Django project .
However , if you want to implement more interesting database allocation behaviors , you can define and install your own database routers .
Database routers ¶
A database Router is a class that provides up to four methods : db_for_read ( model , ** hints ) ¶
Suggest the database that should be used for read operations for objects of type model .
If a database operation is able to provide any additional information that might assist in selecting a database , it will be provided in the hints dictionary .
Details on valid hints are provided below .
Returns
None if there is no suggestion .
db_for_write ( model , ** hints ) ¶
Suggest the database that should be used for writes of objects of type Model .
If a database operation is able to provide any additional information that might assist in selecting a database , it will be provided in the hints dictionary .
Details on valid hints are provided below .
Returns
None if there is no suggestion .
allow_relation ( obj1 , ob j2 , ** hints ) ¶
Return
True if a relation between obj1 and obj2 should be allowed , False if the relation should be prevented , or None if the router has no opinion .
This is purely a validation operation , used by foreign key and many to many operations to determine if a relation should be allowed between two objects .
If no router has an opinion ( i.e. all routers return None ) , only relations within the same database are allowed .
allow_migrate ( db , app_label , model_name=None , ** hints ) ¶
Determine if the migration operation is allowed to run on the database with alias db .
Return
True if the operation should run , False if it should n’t run , or None if the router has no opinion .
The app_label positional argument is the label of the application being migrated .
model_name is set by most migration operations to the value of model._meta.model_name ( the lowercased version of the model __name__ ) of the model being migrated .
Its value is None for the RunPython and RunSQL operations unless they provide it using hints .
hints are used by certain operations to communicate additional information to the router .
When model_name is set , hints normally contains the model class under the key ' model ' .
Note that it may be a historical model , and thus not have any custom attributes , methods , or managers .
You should only rely on _meta .
This method can also be used to determine the availability of a model on a given database .
makemigrations always creates migrations for model changes , but if allow_migrate ( ) returns False , any migration operations for the model_name will be silently skipped when running migrate on the db .
Changing the behavior of allow_migrate ( ) for models that already have migrations may result in broken foreign keys , extra tables , or missing tables .
When makemigrations verifies the migration history , it skips databases where no app is allowed to migrate .
A router does n’t have to provide all these methods – it may omit one or more of them .
If one of the methods is omitted , Django will skip that router when performing the relevant check .
Hints ¶
The hints received by the database router can be used to decide which database should receive a given request .
At present , the only hint that will be provided is instance , an object instance that is related to the read or write operation that is underway .
This might be the instance that is being saved , or it might be an instance that is being added in a many - to - many relation .
In some cases , no instance hint will be provided at all .
The router checks for the existence of an instance hint , and determine if that hint should be used to alter routing behavior .
Using routers ¶ Database routers are installed using the DATABASE_ROUTERS setting .
This setting defines a list of class names , each specifying a router that should be used by the master router ( django.db.router ) .
The master router is used by Django ’s database operations to allocate database usage .
Whenever a query needs to know which database to use , it calls the master router , providing a model and a hint ( if available ) .
Django then tries each router in turn until a database suggestion can be found .
If no suggestion can be found , it tries the current instance .
_state.db of the hint instance .
If a hint instance was n’t provided , or instance .
_state.db is None , the master router will allocate the default database .
An example ¶ Example purposes only !
This example is intended as a demonstration of how the router infrastructure can be used to alter database usage .
It intentionally ignores some complex issues in order to demonstrate how routers are used .
This example wo n’t work if any of the models in myapp contain relationships to models outside of the other database .
Cross - database relationships introduce referential integrity problems that Django can’t currently handle .
The primary / replica ( referred to as master / slave by some databases ) configuration described is also flawed – it does n’t provide any solution for handling replication lag ( i.e. , query inconsistencies introduced because of the time taken for a write to propagate to the replicas ) .
It also does n’t consider the interaction of transactions with the database utilization strategy .
So - what does this mean in practice ?
Let ’s consider another sample configuration .
This one will have several databases : one for the auth application , and all other apps using a primary / replica setup with two read replicas .
Here are the settings specifying these databases : DATABASES = { ' default ' : {} , ' auth_db ' : { ' NAME ' : ' auth_db_name ' , ' ENGINE ' : ' django.db.backends.mysql ' , ' USER ' : ' mysql_user ' , ' PASSWORD ' : ' swordfish ' , } , ' primary ' : { ' NAME ' : ' primary_name ' , ' ENGINE ' : ' django.db.backends.mysql ' , ' USER ' : ' mysql_user ' , ' PASSWORD ' : ' spam ' , } , ' replica1 ' : { ' NAME ' : ' replica1_name ' , ' ENGINE ' : ' django.db.backends.mysql ' , ' USER ' : ' mysql_user ' , ' PASSWORD ' : ' eggs ' , } , ' replica2 ' : { ' NAME ' : ' replica2_name ' , ' ENGINE ' : ' django.db.backends.mysql ' , ' USER ' : ' mysql_user ' , ' PASSWORD ' : ' bacon ' , } , } Now we ’ll need to handle routing .
First we want a router that knows to send queries for the auth and contenttypes apps to auth_db ( auth models are linked to Content Type , so they must be stored in the same database ) : class AuthRouter : " " "
A router to control all database operations on models in the auth and contenttypes applications . " " " route_app_labels = { ' auth ' , ' contenttypes ' } def db_for_read ( self , model , ** hints ) : " " " Attempts to read auth and contenttypes models go to auth_db . " " " if model .
_meta .
app_label in self .
route_app_labels : return ' auth_db ' return
None def db_for_write ( self , model , ** hints ) : " " " Attempts to write auth and contenttypes models go to auth_db . " " " if model .
_meta .
app_label in self .
route_app_labels : return ' auth_db ' return
None def allow_relation ( self , obj1 , ob j2 , ** hints ) : " " " Allow relations if a model in the auth or contenttypes apps is involved . " " " if ( obj1 .
_meta .
app_label in self .
route_app_labels or ob j2 . _meta .
app_label in self .
route_app_labels ) : return
True return
None def allow_migrate ( self , db , app_label , model_name = None , ** hints ) : " " " Make sure the auth and contenttypes apps only appear in the ' auth_db ' database . " " " if app_label in self .
route_app_labels : return db == ' auth_db ' return None
And we also want a router that sends all other apps to the primary / replica configuration , and randomly chooses a replica to read from : import random class PrimaryReplicaRouter : def db_for_read ( self , model , ** hints ) : " " " Reads go to a randomly - chosen replica . " " " return random .
choice ( [ ' replica1 ' , ' replica2 ' ] ) def db_for_write ( self , model , ** hints ) : " " " Writes always go to primary . " " " return ' primary ' def allow_relation ( self , obj1 , ob j2 , ** hints ) : " " " Relations between objects are allowed if both objects are in the primary / replica pool . " " " db_set = { ' primary ' , ' replica1 ' , ' replica2 ' } if obj1 .
_state .
db in db_set and obj2 .
_state .
db in db_set : return
True return
None def allow_migrate ( self , db , app_label , model_name = None , ** hints ) : " " " All non -auth models end up in this pool . " " " return True Finally , in the settings file , we add the following ( substituting path .
to. with the actual Python path to the module (s ) where the routers are defined ) : DATABASE_ROUTERS = [ ' path.to.AuthRouter ' , ' path.to.PrimaryReplicaRouter ' ]
The order in which routers are processed is significant .
Routers will be queried in the order they are listed in the DATABASE_ROUTERS setting .
In this example , the AuthRouter is processed before the PrimaryReplicaRouter , and as a result , decisions concerning the models in auth are processed before any other decision is made .
If the DATABASE_ROUTERS setting listed the two routers in the other order , PrimaryReplicaRouter.allow_migrate ( ) would be processed first .
The catch - all nature of the PrimaryReplicaRouter implementation would mean that all models would be available on all databases .
With this setup installed , lets run some Django code : >>> #
This retrieval will be performed on the ' auth_db ' database >>> fred =
User . objects .
get ( username = ' fred ' ) >>> fred .
first_name = ' Frederick ' >>> #
This save will also be directed to ' auth_db ' >>> fred . save ( ) >>> #
These retrieval will be randomly allocated to a replica database >>> dna = Person . objects .
get ( name = ' Douglas Adams ' ) >>> #
A new object has no database allocation when created >>> mh = Book ( title = ' Mostly Harmless ' ) >>> #
This assignment will consult the router , and set mh onto >>>
# the same database as the author object >>> mh . author = dna >>> #
This save will force the ' mh ' instance onto the primary database ... >>> mh . save ( ) >>> # ... but if we re-retrieve the object , it will come back on a replica >>> mh = Book .
objects .
get ( title = ' Mostly Harmless ' )
This example defined a router to handle interaction with models from the auth app , and other routers to handle interaction with all other apps .
If you left your default database empty and do n’t want to define a catch - all database router to handle all apps not otherwise specified , your routers must handle the names of all apps in INSTALLED_APPS before you migrate .
See Behavior of contrib apps for information about contrib apps that must be together in one database .
Manually selecting a database ¶ Django also provides an API that allows you to maintain complete control over database usage in your code .
A manually specified database allocation will take priority over a database allocated by a router .
Manually selecting a database for a QuerySet ¶
You can select the database for a QuerySet at any point in the QuerySet “ chain . ” Call using ( ) on the QuerySet to get another QuerySet that uses the specified database .
using ( ) takes a single argument : the alias of the database on which you want to run the query .
For example : >>> #
This will run on the ' default ' database . >>>
Author .
objects . all ( ) >>> #
So will this . >>>
Author .
objects . using ( ' default ' ) . all ( ) >>> #
This will run on the ' other ' database . >>>
Author .
objects .
using ( ' other ' ) . all () Selecting a database for save ( ) ¶
Use the using keyword to Model.save ( ) to specify to which database the data should be saved .
For example , to save an object to the legacy_users database , you ’d use this : >>> my_object . save ( using = ' legacy_users ' )
If you do n’t specify using , the save ( ) method will save into the default database allocated by the routers .
Moving an object from one database to another ¶
If you ’ve saved an instance to one database , it might be tempting to use save ( using = ... ) as a way to migrate the instance to a new database .
However , if you do n’t take appropriate steps , this could have some unexpected consequences .
Consider the following example : >>> p = Person ( name = ' Fred ' ) >>> p . save ( using = ' first ' ) # ( statement 1 ) >>> p . save ( using = ' second ' ) # ( statement 2 ) In statement 1 , a new Person object is saved to the first database .
At this time , p does n’t have a primary key , so Django issues an SQL INSERT statement .
This creates a primary key , and Django assigns that primary key to p .
When the save occurs in statement 2 , p already has a primary key value , and Django will attempt to use that primary key on the new database .
If the primary key value is n’t in use in the second database , then you wo n’t have any problems – the object will be copied to the new database .
However , if the primary key of p is already in use on the second database , the existing object in the second database will be overridden when p is saved .
You can avoid this in two ways .
First , you can clear the primary key of the instance .
If an object has no primary key , Django will treat it as a new object , avoiding any loss of data on the second database : >>> p = Person ( name = ' Fred ' ) >>> p . save ( using = ' first ' ) >>> p . pk = None #
Clear the primary key . >>> p . save ( using = ' second ' ) #
Write a completely new object .
The second option is to use the force_insert option to save ( ) to ensure that Django does an SQL INSERT : >>> p = Person ( name = ' Fred ' ) >>> p . save ( using = ' first ' ) >>> p . save ( using = ' second ' , force_insert = True )
This will ensure that the person named Fred will have the same primary key on both databases .
If that primary key is already in use when you try to save onto the second database , an error will be raised .
Selecting a database to delete from ¶
By default , a call to delete an existing object will be executed on the same database that was used to retrieve the object in the first place : >>> u = User . objects . using ( ' legacy_users ' ) . get ( username = ' fred ' ) >>> u . delete ( ) # will delete from the `legacy_users` database
To specify the database from which a model will be deleted , pass a using keyword argument to the Model.delete ( ) method .
This argument works just like the using keyword argument to save ( ) .
For example , if you ’re migrating a user from the legacy_users database to the new_users database , you might use these commands : >>> user_obj . save ( using = ' new_users ' ) >>> user_obj .
delete ( using = ' legacy_users ' )
Using managers with multiple databases ¶
Use the db_manager ( ) method on managers to give managers access to a non -default database .
For example , say you have a custom manager method that touches the database – User.objects.create_user ( ) .
Because create_user ( ) is a manager method , not a QuerySet method , you ca n’t do User.objects.using ('new_users ').create_user ( ) .
( The create_user ( ) method is only available on User.objects , the manager , not on QuerySet objects derived from the manager . )
The solution is to use db_manager ( ) , like this : User .
objects .
db_manager ( ' new_users ' ) . create_user ( ... ) db_manager ( ) returns a copy of the manager bound to the database you specify .
Using get_queryset ( ) with multiple databases ¶
If you ’re overriding get_queryset ( ) on your manager , be sure to either call the method on the parent ( using super ( ) ) or do the appropriate handling of the _db attribute on the manager ( a string containing the name of the database to use ) .
For example , if you want to return a custom QuerySet class from the get_queryset method , you could do this : class MyManager ( models .
Manager ) : def get_queryset ( self ) : qs = CustomQuerySet ( self . model ) if self .
_db is not None : qs = qs . using ( self .
_db ) return qs
Exposing multiple databases in Django ’s admin interface ¶
Django ’s admin does n’t have any explicit support for multiple databases .
If you want to provide an admin interface for a model on a database other than that specified by your router chain , you ’ll need to write custom ModelAdmin classes that will direct the admin to use a specific database for content .
ModelAdmin objects have five methods that require customization for multiple - database support : class MultiDBModelAdmin ( admin . ModelAdmin ) : # A handy constant for the name of the alternate database .
using = ' other ' def save_model ( self , request , obj , form , change ) : # Tell Django to save objects to the ' other ' database .
obj .
save ( using = self .
using ) def delete_model ( self , request , obj ) : # Tell Django to delete objects from the ' other ' database obj .
delete ( using = self .
using ) def get_queryset ( self , request ) : # Tell Django to look for objects on the ' other ' database .
return super ( ) . get_queryset ( request ) . using ( self .
using ) def formfield _for_foreignkey ( self , db_field , request , ** kwargs ) : # Tell Django to populate ForeignKey widgets using a query # on the ' other ' database .
return super ( ) .
formfield_for_foreignkey ( db_field , request , using = self .
using , ** kwargs ) def formfield_for_manytomany ( self , db_field , request , ** kwargs ) : # Tell Django to populate ManyToMany widgets using a query # on the ' other ' database .
return super ( ) . formfield_for_manytomany ( db_field , request , using = self .
using , ** kwargs )
The implementation provided here implements a multi-database strategy where all objects of a given type are stored on a specific database ( e.g. , all User objects are in the other database ) .
If your usage of multiple databases is more complex , your ModelAdmin will need to reflect that strategy .
InlineModelAdmin objects can be handled in a similar fashion .
They require three customized methods : class MultiDBTabularInline ( admin .
TabularInline ) : using = ' other ' def get_queryset ( self , request ) : # Tell Django to look for inline objects on the ' other ' database .
return super ( ) . get_queryset ( request ) . using ( self .
using ) def formfield _for_foreignkey ( self , db_field , request , ** kwargs ) : # Tell Django to populate ForeignKey widgets using a query # on the ' other ' database .
return super ( ) .
formfield_for_foreignkey ( db_field , request , using = self .
using , ** kwargs ) def formfield_for_manytomany ( self , db_field , request , ** kwargs ) : # Tell Django to populate ManyToMany widgets using a query # on the ' other ' database .
return super ( ) . formfield_for_manytomany ( db_field , request , using = self .
using , ** kwargs )
Once you ’ve written your model admin definitions , they can be registered with any Admin instance : from django .
contrib import admin #
Specialize the multi-db admin objects for use with specific models .
class BookInline ( MultiDBTabularInline ) : model = Book class PublisherAdmin ( MultiDBModelAdmin ) : inlines = [ BookInline ] admin .
site .
register ( Author , MultiDBModelAdmin ) admin .
site .
register ( Publisher , PublisherAdmin ) othersite = admin .
AdminSite ( ' othersite ' ) othersite .
register ( Publisher , MultiDBModelAdmin )
This example sets up two admin sites .
On the first site , the Author and Publisher objects are exposed ; Publisher objects have a tabular inline showing books published by that publisher .
The second site exposes just publishers , without the inlines .
Using raw cursors with multiple databases ¶
If you are using more than one database you can use django .db. connections to obtain the connection ( and cursor ) for a specific database .
django.db.connections is a dictionary - like object that allows you to retrieve a specific connection using its alias : from django.db import connections with connections [ ' my_db_alias ' ] . cursor ( ) as cursor : ...
Yesterday I took a look at shot distribution by game state and thought that I had contributed something to the old blog community .
Then I went over to the Contrarian Goaltender 's blog to catch up on some Christmas reading and saw that he had done the exact same thing about two weeks ago .
Crikey .
So with that revelation , apologies to him , no offence / theft intended .
At any rate , as I was catching up I came across this post and discussion about various faceoff situations faced by different goaltenders .
One of Bruce 's comments caught my eye about how many faceoffs there are per game and which teams tend to have fewer faceoffs compared to average .
Both he and the Contrarian Goaltender suggested that this might be the result of a defensive strategy and / or the ability of the goaltender to move the puck efficiently .
I decided to look at this for each full season that 's been played since the lockout to see what there is to see .
I 'll take a look at the data after the jump .
The chart below will be pretty self - explanatory .
I have n't split the data into game states or taken out any overtime results so this is a pretty rough look .
If we were trying to isolate goaltender play and / or defensive strategy it would likely be helpful to look at only defensive zone draws and then split the results by game state .
Unfortunately , the data at nhl.com was n't particularly suited for that analysis so we 've got the dirty look instead .
The teams that finished in the top ten in each of the last four seasons are highlighted in yellow while the teams that finished in the bottom ten in each of the last four seasons are highlighted in orange .
The chart is pretty small , so you may want to click on it to get a better look :
The first thing that I noticed was how many more faceoffs were taken in 2005 - 06 compared to the other three seasons .
This is pretty easily explained by the high number of power play opportunities in 2005 - 06 compared with the other three seasons .
In 2005 - 06 , there were 11.7 power play opportunities per game , in 2006 - 07 it was down to 9.7 and then in 2007 - 08 down to 8.6 , reductions that correspond rather well with the reduction in overall faceoff opportunities .
With that point out of the way , what do the five low - faceoff teams have in common ?
Each team had the same primary goaltender for all four seasons : Lundqvist in New York , Brodeur in New Jersey , Nabokov in San Jose , Turco in Dallas and ... Khabibulin in Chicago .
Are Oiler fans really prepared to accept that Khabibulin is a superior puckhandler ?
I did n't think so .
So what else could it be ?
One thing is fewer penalties .
With one exception these five teams never finished lower than 17th in the league in minor penalties in any of the four seasons .
New Jersey finished 1st , 1st , 4th and 10th in minor penalties ; San Jose was 3rd , 3rd , 6th and 8th ; Dallas was 16th , 6th , 16th and 15th ; New York managed 15th , 13th , 9th and 13th .
And that , of course , leaves Nikolai Khabibulin's Chicago Blackhawks as our exception : 27th , 29th , 28th and 7th .
Well then .
Does anyone have any other ideas ?
Noel Sheppard reports on the latest left - wing campaign efforts by the supposedly “ non-partisan ” Rock the Vote gang in which young people who support ObamaCare encourage other young people to use sex in order to get people to support ObamaCare , and to abstain from having sex with those who do not :
The political advocacy group “ Rock the Vote ” has a new video out encouraging young people to abstain from having sex with folks opposed to healthcare reform .
Sadly , this is n’t your run of the mill call for celebacy , for the video also instructs youth to use sex to get people to change their minds on this issue .
The group ’s YouTube posting asks : “ What would you withhold from someone who opposes health care reform ?
Cookies , a Christmas gift , sex ? ”
Pretty racy for an organization whose mission is to “ give young people the tools to identify , learn about , and take action on the issues that affect their lives , and leverage their power in the political process ” ( video embedded below the fold contains excessive vulgarity , h/t Story Balloon ) : [… ]
For those unfamiliar , two of the primary participants in this video are Eva Amurri and Zach Gilford from television ’s “ Californication ” and “ Friday Night Lights ” respectively .
Amurri is Susan Sarandon ’s daughter that just so happens to play a student who moonlights as a stripper on “ Californication . ”
Now THAT ’s a great role model for young people , is n’t it ?
Yep .
Like mother , like daughter .
Watch the video below :
Sidenote :
Where ’s the outrage from NOW over the fact that this video encourages women to use their bodies in cheap attempts at trying to sell ObamaCare ?
* Crickets chirping .*
As to the video ’s “ facts , ” Ed Morrissey delivers a doctor - like dose of much - needed reality :
Why ignorant ?
First , the young people to whom they ’re preaching largely avoid buying health insurance , and for good reason .
They do n’t need to spend $ 3600 per year ( Minnesota ’s average in 2007 ) to cover a couple of doctor visits every year .
They ’re better off buying catastrophic health insurance , rather than the mandated comprehensive coverage under ObamaCare , and use HSAs to pay for their health care with tax - free cash .
That ’s what Keith Olbermann does , after all , and he ’s a lot older than the RtV target audience .
Who benefits from this push ?
The young adults do n’t ; they ’re going to pay a lot more than they receive .
Insurance companies will benefit by forcing them into the system , reducing the risk and spreading the costs over a wider base .
I do n’t consider insurance companies evil , but many of the ObamaCare advocates do — and yet they ’re pushing their followers to subsidize slight declines in health insurance premiums for the older generations in America .
It ’s just like Social Security , only with a worse payoff in the end .
Finally , the irony of this campaign is that young adults would probably remain healthier if they abstained in the first place .
Maybe sleeping with cougars and hot Colombian women sounds good , but promiscuity in practice means greater transmission of disease , especially during flu season .
Do n’t tell Joe Biden , but it ’s even more risky than public transportation !
Not mentioned , of course , in the “ Rock the Vote ” PSA ?
The fact that young folks will be crucial to the “ success ” of ObamaCare – paying for it , that is :
As health - care legislation advances through Congress , the young adults who were so vital to President Obama ’s election are emerging as a significant beneficiary of his top domestic priority , but they are also likely to play a major role in funding any reform .
In a campaign - style rally Thursday at the University of Maryland at College Park , Obama will aim to tap his richest vein of support — voters younger than 30 — to help sell his reform plan to a more skeptical general public .
“ We ’re at an important turning point in our push for real reform , ” read the e-mailed invitation , “ and it ’s critical that we seize this moment . ”
A 2008 study by the Urban Institute found that more than 10 million young adults ages 19 to 26 lack health insurance coverage .
For many of those people , health - care reform would offer the promise of relatively inexpensive individual policies , which do not exist in many states today .
The trade - off is that young people would no longer be permitted to bet on their good health :
All the reform legislation before Congress would require individuals to buy at least minimal coverage .
Another bill will be introduced Wednesday by the chairman of the Senate Finance Committee .
Sen. Max Baucus ( D - Mont. ) will offer in it a proposal to keep premiums manageable : a bare - bones catastrophic policy that would protect young people from financial calamity while providing basic preventive care .
Drafting young adults into any health - care reform package is crucial to paying for it .
As low - cost additions to insurance pools , young adults would help dilute the expense of covering older , sicker people .
Depending on how Congress requires insurers to price their policies , this group could even wind up paying disproportionately hefty premiums — effectively subsidizing coverage for their parents .
It ’s probably best if pro-ObamaCare young people stick to having sex only with like - minded invidivuals ( as if they did n’t before ? ) .
We ’ve already got enough people in this country who are stuck on stupid .
We do n’t need anymore .
Swiss officials " urgently " alerted U.S. authorities that fugitive film director Roman Polanski would be in Zurich , according to email correspondence made public by the Los Angeles district attorney 's office .
According to the email records , first reported by the Associated Press and reviewed by The Wall Street Journal , Swiss authorities became aware of Mr. Polanski 's planned visit to Zurich because of the publicity around the film festival .
The Swiss contacted officials at the U.S. Department of Justice to make them aware of ...
F. P. Kelly
This is an experiment to compare different formats for the distribution of the text of this book , on the WWW .
The text is taken from the 1979 Edition of the Book , with permission of the copyright holder .
Whole Book
PDF
show navigation pane
DjVu
Chapter by Chapter Book
Preface and Contents PDF ( 140 Kb ) DjVu ( 11Kb )
Chapter 1 : Markov Processes and Reversibility PDF ( 2.6 Mb ) DjVu ( 180Kb )
Chapter 2 : Migration Processes PDF ( 1.8 Mb ) DjVu ( 96Kb )
Chapter 3 : Queueing Networks PDF ( 3.0 Mb ) DjVu ( 170Kb )
Chapter 4 : Examples of Queueing Networks PDF ( 2.4 Mb ) DjVu ( 153Kb )
Chapter 5 : Electrical Analogues PDF ( 0.8 Mb ) DjVu ( 41Kb )
Chapter 6 : Reversible Migration Processes PDF ( 0.8 Mb ) DjVu ( 44Kb )
Chapter 7 : Population Genetics Models PDF ( 1.3 Mb ) DjVu ( 70Kb )
Chapter 8 : Clustering Processes PDF ( 1.6 Mb ) DjVu ( 105Kb )
Chapter 9 : Spatial Processes PDF ( 2.2 Mb ) DjVu ( 125Kb )
References PDF ( 1 Mb ) DjVu ( 58Kb )
Symbol Index and Subject Index PDF ( 0.5 Mb ) DjVu ( 30Kb )
Adobe Acrobat Reader
LizardTech DjVu
University of Cambridge Statistical Laboratory
Email : afrb2@cam.ac.uk
A shared hosting account is where you rent a small amount of space on a server which is shared among many other users .
This is a cheap way to get started online but it has many disadvantages – you will encounter email delivery problems because of spam complaints against other sites on the same server .
You will find your site 's grinding to a halt when someone else does some heavy database work on your server .
You might even find your site going down because of a denial of service attack against someone else hosting hacking or piracy related material on your server
Most webmasters on the net today are familiar with what the industry calls “ shared ” web hosting accounts .
A shared hosting account is where you rent a small amount of space on a server which is shared among many other users .
This is a cheap way to get started online but it has many disadvantages – you will encounter email delivery problems because of spam complaints against other sites on the same server .
You will find your site 's grinding to a halt when someone else does some heavy database work on your server .
You might even find your site going down because of a denial of service attack against someone else hosting hacking or piracy related material on your server
By upgrading to a virtual dedicated server .
A virtual dedicated server lets you run your sites as if you had your own “ dedicated ” server , except it is cheaper because you are really just using part of a server that has been split into multiple virtual dedicated servers .
This requires a bit of time learning the necessary Linux skills to make sure your server runs smoothly .
Many hosting providers will have a “ premium ” support offering that includes a bit more hand holding – this is definitely recommended if you do n't have much experience with Linux , or are new to virtual dedicated hosting .
With the increased speed and bandwidth that a virtual dedicated host offers , and none of the shared hosting headaches , the move is one you will never regret .
Use sidecare reconciliation , with the Senate going first
All you need to do is figure out what fixes can be passed through reconciliation that would make the bill palatable to 218 House members .
Speaker Pelosi and Majority Leader Reid are discussing that now .
Then you have the Senate pass that reconciliation bill and send it over to the House .
The House passes the reconciliation fixes and the underlying Senate bill .
The President signs them ( in the correct order ) , and viola !
You ’re done .
So the key question is this : what needs to be in the package of fixes that can qualify for reconciliation , get 50 + votes in the Senate , and get 218 votes in the House ?
Counting the votes
How do we get 218 votes in the House ?
Well , starting from the 220 who voted for the House bill ; you 're clearly not going to pick up any Republican votes on the House side , but the some of the Democrats who voted no the first time around are probably in play .
Abortion language = Nelson
It appears unlikely that reconciliation can be used to change the abortion language , so the Nelson language will prevail .
For some House members who supported Stupak , that ’s a dealbreaker .
You will lose some votes , likely between 10 and 20 .
The freshmen and sophomores
Vulnerable freshmen and sophomores look at the Massachusetts race and the polling and conclude that to vote for the Senate bill as is against the wishes of their constituents is to guarantee they wo n't be re-elected .
( It 's really hard to argue for a mandate with no real choice or competition .
Add that to pissing off the unions with the excise tax , and the giveaways to Nelson and Landreiu , and you have one gigantic PR problem . )
So you lose between 10 and 20 votes there .
Progressives and the pro-choice caucus
Now let ’s be clear about something .
The House progressives and pro-choice caucus members who voted yes for the House bill ( which is pretty much all of them ) are fundamentally team players .
They were team players the first time around , they ’re likely to be team players again the second time around .
So they can likely all – or nearly all – be brought home by leadership again .
But looking at the numbers and the members it ’s possible to please with a fix in reconciliation , it would appear that it ’s probable that all of the remaining votes you need to win back are from vunerable freshmen and sophomores .
How do you convince Betsy Markey and Tom Perriello and Steve Driehaus and Frank Kratovil and Mary Jo Kilroy et al to vote for the bill ?
Show them that it 'll help their re-election chances .
The public option is ( ironically ) the key
So far , the only thing polling has shown works is public buy - in to a government healthcare program – either the public option or a Medicare buy - in .
Polling done in September by Lake Research showed that a mandate with no public option was acceptable to only 34 % of the public ; add in a public option , and support nearly doubles to 60 % .
In December when CBS News / New York Times asked , " Would you favor or oppose the government offering some people who are uninsured the choice of a government - administered health insurance plan – also known as a ‘ public option ’ – that would compete with private health insurance plans ? " 59 % of voters were in favor .
If you want to win back the voters , give them the one thing they clearly understand is a win for them over the insurance companies : the option to choose a public plan .
Oh – and it appears that a significant portion of the problem in Massachusetts was that the Democratic base was n’t excited .
They were downright frustrated , in fact .
Want to give the Democratic base some change they can believe in ?
Then give them the public option they ’ve been clamoring for .
Either a public option or a Medicare buy - in can be done through reconciliation .
Sen .
Harkin claimed 52 Senate votes for the public option over the summer , and it appears it was only Lieberman who killed the Medicare buy - in at the 60 - vote threshold .
Look , I know the DC conventional wisdom has been that the public option is dead , and that the Medicare buy - in is a non-starter .
The excuse was always , " We ca n’t get 60 votes for it . "
Guess what ?
Now that it ’s clear they ’re going to have to use reconciliation , they do n’t have to get 60 votes .
So what do we do now ?
Pick up the phone and call your Senators and Representatives .
Tell them you want them to use reconciliation to fix the bill , then for the House to pass both the fixes and the bill .
Tell them you want a public option or Medicare buy - in as part of the fix .
You can use the toll free numbers
1-866-338-1015
1-866-220-0044
1-866-311-3405
Or you can go to http://www.congressionalplan.com
where we 've conveniently provided not only your personal congressfolks ' phone numbers but also given you tools to send an email .
Ask your friends to send emails and call .
Activate everyone you can .
Our window of opportunity here is short ...
Compare this with the response to the disaster in the Arab states , where the US is so routinely reviled .
Some of the poorest among them , such as Jordan and Lebanon , have sent assistance , as have the United Arab Emirates and Qatar .
But Saudi Arabia , one of the world 's wealthiest nations , has managed to send just a letter of condolence .
As for Syria , which never misses an opportunity to denounce the iniquities of the Great Satan , it appears to have sent nothing at all .
You may have heard the recent news that an expert panel of pediatricians reviewed the literature on gastrointestinal disorders and autism , and found no link between them .
A key phrase in their findings was
The existence of a gastrointestinal disturbance specific to persons with ASDs ( eg , " autistic enterocolitis " ) has not been established .
They also found that there was no evidence that special diets help autistic kids .
Mind you , this was a panel of 28 experts , scientists who have devoted their careers and lives to investigating autism .
So if you were a reporter at ABC News , who would you turn to to get an opinion on this ?
If you said Jenny McCarthy , then give yourself a gold star , because that 's just what ABC News did .
Go and watch that interview ( have some antacid ready ) .
In it , she says that scientists need to take anecdotes seriously , a statement so awful it's hard to know where to start with it .
First of all , scientists did take the anecdotes seriously .
That 's why they investigated any possible links between GI disorders , diets , and autism .
What they found was that there is no link .
Second , McCarthy confuses anecdotes with data .
As I have said before , anecdotes are where you start an investigation , not where you finish one .
That 's the difference between science ( aka reality ) and nonsense .
You can convince yourself of all manners of silliness through personal experience .
I decide to whistle before drinking my coffee one morning , and I find a $ 20 bill in the street .
So does that mean if I whistle every morning before my java I will find money ?
No , of course not .
But that 's precisely the type of thinking McCarthy is promoting .
Getting back to ABC
News , they also posted a story that tries to throw all sorts of doubt on the results of the report by the pediatric experts .
I suppose they 're trying to find balance and all that in this issue , but again , as I have said before , sometimes stories do n't have two sides .
There is reality , and there 's fantasy .
Should they post a rebuttal by an astrologer every time we find a new extrasolar planet ?
How about getting a creationist 's opinion on a new malaria vaccine ?
Sadly , Jenny McCarthy is news because she 's the voice of a group of people who listen to her , but that 's at least in part due to the fact that the news organizations treat her seriously .
It 's a self - fulfilling news cycle , and ABC News just gave it another nice little boost .
Shame on you , ABC News .
Shame .
Happily , not every news outlet is so gullible .
USA Today just posted a great article about the dangers of not vaccinating your kids , and they do n't pull any punches .
Because people like Jenny McCarthy muddy the waters and add so much noise to the real science , people are turning away from real medicine and embracing " alternative " methods that we know do n't work .
The result it not just that kids who need help are n't getting it ( the so - called " what 's the harm ? " fallacy ) .
The result is that kids are getting sick , and some of them are dying .
When you reject reality and turn to nonsense , it has real effects .
And it 's not just affecting your kids , it affects all kids .
Talk to your physician about vaccines , autism , and diets .
Read the real work being done .
Tip o' the syringe to Gary Schwitzer .
WASHINGTON — Today is President Obama ’s self - imposed deadline for closing the United States military detention facility at Guantanamo Bay .
After the events of the past year — including , most recently , the failed airliner bombing over Detroit on Christmas Day — and ongoing problems finding countries able and willing to accept detainees , the administration concedes it will not meet the President ’s target .
The goal of closing Guantanamo in a year was encouraging , but unrealistic .
It ’s not simply a matter of what to do with the detainees at Guantanamo , or “ Gitmo North , ” if any of its inmates ever end up being transferred to the Thompson correctional facility in Illinois .
The United States ’ entire detainee policy is at issue , in Guantanamo , Bagram air base in Afghanistan , Iraq , and anywhere else the U.S. or its allies hold people without trial .
Today , there are about 200 prisoners at Guantanamo , most of whom are from Yemen .
Moving them to Illinois does n’t solve the problem , it just relocates it .
At the most fundamental level , Obama still has n’t decided what he wants to do .
The administration has prisoners it intends to place on trial , either in open courts or military tribunals .
These include some of the 15 high - value detainees like Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and Ramzi bin al - Shibh .
At the other end , the White House had cleared between 40 and 45 Yemeni detainees for release , but as yet , has no idea what to do with them .
In between , it gets even messier , with a group of detainees the administration does n’t want to try but does n’t want to let go , either .
The administration will do everything in its power to make that group as small as possible , but it wo n’t be easy , and the last four weeks have n’t helped .
President Obama has never adequately explained his position , that this is a matter of managing risk in a manner that comports with both our security and our values .
It would be politically suicidal for Obama to release any detainee who might return to violent activities , yet every day in the U.S. , we tolerate a substantial risk of recidivism among paroled rapists and murderers , and we manage it .
It ’s equally absurd to presume that we can keep prisoners who have never been convicted of crimes in custody forever , or let them out and expect that they ’ll never do anything bad .
Unfortunately , that leaves a range of unsettling options .
The White House should try as many of the Guantanamo prisoners as possible in an American court .
Terrorism is a crime , and our criminal justice system has tried and convicted terrorists before .
Among prisoners we release , there will always be a risk of behaviors we do n’t like .
We need to create programs to help handle that .
Today , we simply do n’t have the metrics to determine whether or not a prisoner constitutes a manageable risk , or a formalized process for releasing him .
We have tools and processes to help make those decisions for sexual predators and other violent offenders ( admittedly these are far from perfect ) , but for these detainees , we have nothing .
We should produce a much more detailed analysis , measuring how detainees engage in terrorist activities on a sort of scale .
We ca n’t expect someone who was deeply involved in violence to give it up easily , but some of these detainees had never engaged in violent actions in the first place .
We need to think of terrorist behaviors as points on a spectrum , and create specific interventions to stop particular behaviors , or particular people from committing them , instead of saying essentially , “ do n’t do things we do n’t like . ”
Disengagement programs should ideally replace a detainee ’s social network with one more conducive to peaceful behavior , determining who he can and cannot spend time with , and placing him in new social networks .
Saudi Arabia is the only country with a formal program to help reintegrate nationals who return from Guantanamo .
The U.S. has made similar programs a condition for repatriating prisoners to other countries , including Kuwait , which may soon establish one .
Today , the Yemenis have no formal system to handle detainees , and the Obama administration needs to help them build one .
To manage the risk of sending detainees back , Yemen needs a means of absorbing and reintegrating them into society .
Yet , as media attention turns again toward the Yemenis held at Guantanamo , people seem to forget that we ’re only talking about 90 people .
Though Obama may not solve it this year , or next year , or even by 2012 , this is a manageable problem .
We can deal with this , and we will .
Christopher Boucek is an associate in the Middle East Program at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace .
Kruger played in the 1995 World Cup final against New Zealand
Former South Africa flanker Ruben Kruger has died from brain cancer at the age of 39 .
Kruger was a key member of the side that won the World Cup on home soil in 1995 , scoring a try in the semi-final against France in Durban .
He was named his country 's player of the year that season .
" Ruben was the epitome of the Springbok flanker ; tough and with an outstanding work ethic , " said South African Rugby Union president Oregan Hoskins .
" When Ruben was on the field you always knew that the Springboks would not be beaten without a tremendous battle .
" Our prayers have been with him through his battles against illness and it is very sad to hear of his early passing .
" Our thoughts are with his young family and we extend to them our sincerest condolences . "
The ex-Cheetahs and Bulls forward , who passed away in a Pretoria hospital late on Wednesday , earned 36 Springbok caps after making his debut in 1993 against Argentina in Buenos Aires .
He played in the 1995 World Cup final against New Zealand - a game immortalised by Nelson Mandela 's appearance in a Springbok jersey .
Kruger picked up a serious leg injury against the All Blacks in 1997 and only returned to the Springbok squad for the 1999 World Cup , which would be his swansong because of knee injuries .
KABUL , Afghanistan , Jan. 6 ( UPI ) --
A bus loaded with explosives and suspected terrorists apparently blew up prematurely as it was on its way to a planned attack in Afghanistan , police said .
All 14 suspects in the vehicle were killed when it exploded Tuesday in Kundiz province .
Advertisement
CNN said investigators believe the bus was on its way to attack police or foreign military personnel in the area .
Two teenagers accidentally run over by a ute as they slept in a swag at a party with old school friends near Orange , west of Sydney , have now both died in hospital .
Both were 19 .
The woman died in Orange Base Hospital this morning , a hospital spokeswoman said and the man , who had been sleeping next to her , died this afternoon .
Police said the pair were among a group of about 30 youngsters , who had gathered for a party at a property at Molong , north - west of Orange , on Monday night .
Canobolas Local Area Command duty officer Peter Atkins said yesterday that most of the group had camped there for the night near their cars .
Inspector Atkins said a 17 - year - old boy was moving his ute just before dawn yesterday and accidentally ran over the two teens
insist
create
Today 's lesson : Slavery is the ultimate result of capitalism .
Mexican authorities have freed 107 indigenous people who officials say were being held as slave laborers in a Mexico City factory disguised as a drug rehabilitation center .
They made handbags and clothespins and were not paid .
Their only daily meal consisted of chicken legs and rotten vegetables , Mancera said .
The men and women worked 8 a.m. to midnight and were given only a half - hour food break .
They were not allowed to go to the bathroom , and many soiled themselves , officials said .
to
always
In their home country – Bangladesh or the Philippines or India – these workers are told they can earn a fortune in Dubai if they pay a large upfront fee .
When they arrive , their passports are taken from them , and they are told their wages are a tenth of the rate they were promised .
They end up working in extremely dangerous conditions for years , just to pay back their initial debt .
The U.A.E. may not offer laboures mansions to live in or the pay of a C.E.O. but thats capitalism for you .
If the labourers did not see a benifit in working there , they would never leave their lives and families just to build our towers , who are we ?
Or maybe youd rather we adopt communism ?
want
and
Punishments for non-capital crimes generally involve whipping , restitution in the form of indentured servitude , or slavery .
Prisons would likely be only temporary holding tanks , prior to imposition of the actual sentence .
Slavery is openly defended by Dominionist writers such as David Chilton : " Heathen slaves ... were actually favored by [ slavery ] , since it placed them in contact with believers .
They received the relatively lenient treatment of the biblical slavery regulations , and they were also able to hear the liberating message of the gospel . "
black
Boone is a member of the Coalition on Revival , a Christian Reconstructionist organization that advocates replacing the US Constitution with biblical law .
Throughout his career , he has distinguished himself from his black clerical colleagues with such remarks as " I believe that slavery , and the understanding of it when you see it God 's way , was redemptive " ...
all
America is still ruled by the ideology of the consummately evil Milton Friedman .
Let us not be afraid to use the word " evil " to describe that man -- indeed , we muston its usage .
Friedmanism is the ruling ideology within both the mainstream and the populist underground .
Thus , even in revolutionary circumstances ( and we may soon be living in such circumstances ) , Friedmanism will triumph -- because the citizenry cannot imagine an alternative .
We need toan alternative by addressing the dangers of unbridled capitalism .
I would like to start that process , in my own humble way , with a series of articles .
The subject is too large for one post .
Without strict legal regulation , capitalism inevitably leads to slave labor .
For many a capitalist , maximizing profit overpowers conscience .
Most recent case in point : Mexico
Of course , it never occurs to the slave - owners that , if all of society were so constituted , there would be no-one to sell those handbags As neo-liberal ideology ( i.e. , Friedmanism ) has taken hold throughout the world , slavery has increased .
Millions of women in Eastern Europe fell into sex slavery after the formerly communist countries underwent a Friedmanite " shock treatment . "
Modern slavery is a profoundly feminist issue , although many debased and self - absorbed American feminists have neglected it .
( Sex slavery is the subject of the Frontline documentary embedded below . )
There are no slaves in advanced capitalist / socialist mixed economies , such as Sweden and Denmark .
The imposition of strict Friedmanismresults in slavery , or in near - slavery conditions .
We have already talked about Dubai , where many extraordinary construction projects were built by what amounts to slave labor Never underestimate the human capacity for rationalization .
When ABC released an expose on slavery in Dubai ( relying , in large measure , on information from Human Rights Watch ) , a UAE expatriate asked : " Does HRW know the meaning of capitalism ?
" And there you have it .
Friedmanites will always trot out that false dichotomy to justify peonage and slavery .
They will always pretend that bolshevism is the only conceivable alternative to Friedmanism .
Can slavery happen again in America ?
Well , there are people in America whoit to happen .
As is often the case in this country , religion provides the justification for atrocity .
Dominionist theology ( otherwise known as Christian Reconstruction ) remains quite popular in this nation , especially within the " tea party " movement .
An American revolution is far more likely to be Dominionist than socialist , which is why I find the very thought of revolution frightening and abhorrent .
Dominionism both raises capitalism to the level of a theological imperativedemands a return to slavery .
As in Dubai and elsewhere , slavery will adopt its usual disguise as the repayment of debt Many Dominionist leaders are not afraid to use the S word :
On the 700 Club , aDominionist preacher named Wellington Boone offered a view which I can only describe as bizarre : Dominionism is primarily an ideology of the mentally diseased American south .
Non-white Americans must never forget that virtuallywhite southern conservatives long for a return to antebellum society .
The modern neo -seccessionist movement is , when all pretenses and self - deceptions are dropped , based on a desire to institute Dominionism -- that is to say , to create a society based on unregulated capitalism and slavery .
You have already voted for this video .
Error ( no video , no sound )
We appreciate your help .
You have already reported this video .
Report this video as :
*******www.mentalist-videos****/
The mentalist Derren Brown plays against 9 chess players and wins - there ...
*******www.mentalist-videos****/
The mentalist Derren Brown plays against 9 chess players and wins - there is also a twist at the end ;-)
The dangerous Internet Explorer attack code used in last month 's attack on Google 's corporate networks is now public .
The code was submitted for analysis Thursday on the Wepawet malware analysis Web site , making it publicly a vailable .
By Friday , it had been included in at least one publicly available hacking tool and could be seen in online attacks , according to Dave Marcus , director of security research and communications at McAfee .
The attack is very reliable on Internet Explorer 6 running on Windows XP , and it could possibly be modified to work on more recent versions of the browser , Marcus said .
" The game really changes now that it 's hosted publicly , " he said .
A hacker could use the code to run unauthorized software on a victim 's computer by tricking them into viewing a maliciously crafted Web page .
That 's apparently what happened at Google late last year , when hackers were able to get into the company 's internal systems .
According to people familiar with the incident , 33 other companies were also targeted by the attack , including Adobe Systems .
On Thursday , Symantec and Juniper Networks said they were investigating the incident , and Yahoo , Northrop Grumman and Dow Chemical have also been named as victims in published reports .
Microsoft issued a security advisory on the IE flaw Thursday and has not ruled out the possibility of rushing out an emergency " out - of - cycle " patch to fix it .
Microsoft 's next set of security patches is due Feb.
9 , giving hackers more than three weeks to exploit the flaw .
Security researchers say it would be very hard to exploit the flaw reliably on Windows Vista or Windows 7 systems , however , because of their advanced memory protection technology .
Marcus said that , judging from the amount of concern McAfee is hearing from corporate customers , an out - of - cycle patch is a strong possibility .
" My gut tells me that they 're going to go with an out - of - cycle , " he said .
" It 's too good of a vulnerability for most of the bad guys to overlook . "
The problem is serious enough that on Friday , Germany 's federal IT security agency , the Federal Office for Information Security , advised users ( in German ) to use an alternative browser until Microsoft fixes the issue .
McAfee has more details on the attack here .
Exxon Mobil Corp. , the largest U.S. energy company , hid the risk that workers cleaning used oil - drilling pipe were exposed to dangerous levels of radiation , a group of workers claims in a trial that started today .
The study ’s findings shocked its authors , who had concluded in 2005 that use could not possibly grow further , and confirmed the fears of many parents whose children are constantly tethered to media devices .
It found , moreover , that heavy media use is associated with several negatives , including behavior problems and lower grades .
The third in a series , the study found that young people ’s media consumption grew far more in the last five years than from 1999 to 2004 , as sophisticated mobile technology like iPods and smart phones brought media access into teenagers ’ pockets and beds .
Dr. Michael Rich , a pediatrician at Children ’s Hospital Boston who directs the Center on Media and Child Health , said that with media use so ubiquitous , it was time to stop arguing over whether it was good or bad and accept it as part of children ’s environment , “ like the air they breathe , the water they drink and the food they eat . ”
Contrary to popular wisdom , the heaviest media users reported spending a similar amount of time exercising as the light media users .
Nonetheless , other studies have established a link between screen time and obesity .
While most of the young people in the study got good grades , 47 percent of the heaviest media users  those who consumed at least 16 hours a day  had mostly C’s or lower , compared with 23 percent of those who typically consumed media three hours a day or less .
The heaviest media users were also more likely than the lightest users to report that they were bored or sad , or that they got into trouble , did not get along well with their parents and were not happy at school .
Last month was the coldest December for almost 30 years over most of the country , Met Éireann has said .
In its monthly summary , the forecaster said December was the coldest month for 28 years for most of the country and the coldest of any month since February 1986 at a few stations .
The forecaster said there was a total of between 22 and 27 ground frosts during the month at inland stations , compared with the normal range for December of between 13 and 17 .
The lowest temperatures of the year were recorded in late December , when Mullingar ’s air and ground temperatures hit - 10.0 °C and - 13.0 °C respectively on December 25th .
However , sunshine totals were above normal during the month , with most stations having their sunniest December since 2001 according to the statistics .
The lowest ever in Ireland was - 19.1 at Markree Castle , Co Sligo on January 16th , 1881 while the lowest observed 20th century air temperature was - 18.8 °C recorded at Lullymore , Co Kildare on January 2nd , 1979 .
Age Action urged people to continue to look out for older neighbours and relatives unable to leave their homes because of the cold snap .
“ With the sub - zero temperatures forecast to continue for the coming days , older people who are house - bound by the weather and who have not been receiving regular visits over the holiday period may be in difficulty when it comes to supplies of food , fuel and medicine , " spokesman Eamon Timmins said .
“ We are urging people to call in to their older neighbours to ensure they are safe and well " You cannot presume that another neighbour will do this - they could be expecting you to do it . ”
The charity said it has received calls from elderly people unable to leave their homes for up to four weeks because of icy conditions .
“ While local authorities have worked to make the main roads safe , footpaths , especially in residential areas , remain treacherous , ” Mr Timmins said .
“ Regardless of what preparations older people had made for the unusual winter cold snap , nobody would have adequate food and medical supplies to enable them get through the period of weather we are currently experiencing .
“ Unless their friends , neighbours and relatives contact them , some older people could find themselves in real difficulty . ”
Thank
You to those who are visiting this blog .
is something I truly wanted to spread .
Help Someone .
Random acts of kindness .
I encourage you to open a door for someone , give a compliment , receive a compliment , say hello , shake a hand , give a little ... pass it on .
Have a great 2010 !
Also , do n't forget the links on the side
are there to make donations or be a part
of something great ... something that will
give you much more than you will give :)
These pigs are small , not far away
They 're tiny , can be house - trained , keep themselves clean - and oink .
But is it wrong to have pigs as pets ?
Paris Hilton has one , the Beckhams have two and it's been widely reported that the goody bags at the Golden Globe include vouchers for a micro-pig of one 's own .
Standing as little as 12 inches high at maturity , these pocket - sized porcines are the latest celebrity pet craze .
MICRO - PIGS 12 - 18 inches tall at maturity Registering with Defra required Can be housetrained
Kent 's micro pig breeders
In the UK , at least , the breeder Jane Croft , owner of Little Pig Farm in Cambridgeshire , is the driving force behind the animal 's popularity .
She has a long waiting list of prospective owners and has enjoyed masses of column inches of coverage in the two years she has been breeding .
" I 'm really good at marketing , " she says .
" They are such great animals - highly intelligent , very clean , contrary to popular belief .
I love pigs . "
Just like a cat or dog , they can be house - trained , she says , and there are other advantages .
" There is no allergic reaction because they have hair and not fur . "
Ever - decreasing piggies through selective breeding Ms Croft , who has had a range of occupations in her life including taxi driver and veterinary nurse , says she was inspired to start her business by the example of another non-specialised breeder , and by the success of the animals in the US .
The mini-pigs in Ms Croft 's care might get as tall as 16 - 18 inches at maturity but many are shorter .
She has one called Moonpig which is a mere 12 inches high and is currently thought to be carrying a litter .
Black pigs are less popular with buyers , she says .
The tiny sizes are achieved by taking the smaller pigs from litters and then breeding them , although Ms Croft says she also chooses animals for their colour and health .
To get her breeding programme off the ground , she travelled the UK buying small pigs .
But there are some who are not convinced a trend for having pigs as pets is a good thing .
Not the usual farmyard bunch ...
Kirsty Bayley , pig herd manager at the Institute for Animal Health , is getting an increasing amount of calls asking about the phenomenon .
" They are farm animals , they should n't be kept as pets .
They are not overly domesticated .
They need to be kept in groups .
They are not solitary animals . "
Ms Bayley suggests the minimum number for the wellbeing of a group of pigs should be about 10 .
There are also concerns that their normal lifestyle will be distorted if they are kept in an ordinary family home .
" Pigs are naturally rooters .
They started out as forest animals .
If they are kept in a house they are going to be destructive .
" They need to be able to show patterns of natural and normal behaviour .
They are not going to get that . "
Ms Croft does not agree that the pigs can't be pets , and she says she vets every single potential owner herself .
... but the pigs get on well with dogs , says the breeder " It is a long term commitment .
You can't keep them in the house all the time .
They have got to have access to a garden .
The ones I have in the house use a catflap .
It is not right to keep a pig in a house permanently . "
She is also aware of the pig's need not to be alone , and says she always tries to sell them at least in pairs .
But she still feels they can thrive in groups smaller than 10 .
And having kept pigs for 12 years , she is confident they can happily function as pets .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
David
Whipp snapped these three pensioners , with a combined age of 195 years , making the most of the snow by sledging on a windsurfer at a field in Sheldon , near Honiton in Devon .
The choice is ours : lobbyist shills or a proven patriot
But amid this avalanche of praise and popularity , guess who hates the movie ?
America 's prickly cadre of political conservatives .
For years , pundits and bloggers on the right have ceaselessly attacked liberal Hollywood for being out of touch with rank and file moviegoers , complaining that executives and filmmakers continue to make films that have precious little resonance with Middle America .
They have reacted with scorn to such high - profile liberal political advocacy films as Syriana , Milk , W. , Religulous , Lions for Lambs , Brokeback Mountain , In the Valley of Elah , Rendition and Good Night , and Good Luck , saying that the movies ' poor performances at the box office were a clear sign of how thoroughly uninterested real people were in the pet causes of showbiz progressives .
Of course , Avatar totally turns this theory on its head .
As a host of critics have noted , the film offers a blatantly pro-environmental message ; it portrays U.S. military contractors in a decidedly negative light ; and it clearly evokes the can 't - we - all - get along vibe of the 1960s counterculture .
These are all messages guaranteed to alienate everyday moviegoers , so say the right - wing pundits -- and yet the film has been wholeheartedly embraced by audiences everywhere , from Mississippi to Manhattan .
To say that the film has evoked a storm of ire on the right would be an understatement .
Big Hollywood 's John Nolte , one of my favorite outspoken right - wing film essayists , blasted the film , calling it " a sanctimonious thud of a movie so infested with one - dimensional characters and PC cliches that not a single plot turn , large or small , surprises .
...
Think of Avatar as Death Wish for leftists , a simplistic , revisionist revenge fantasy where if you ... hate the bad guys ( America ) you 're able to forgive the by - the - numbers predictability of it all . "
John Podhoretz , the Weekly Standard 's film critic , called the film " blitheringly stupid ; indeed , it 's among the dumbest movies I 've ever seen . "
He goes on to say : " You 're going to hear a lot over the next couple of weeks about the movie 's politics -- about how it 's a Green epic about despoiling the environment , and an attack on the war in Iraq .
...
The conclusion does ask the audience to root for the defeat of American soldiers at the hands of an insurgency .
So it is a deep expression of anti-Americanism -- kind of .
The thing is , one would be giving Jim Cameron too much credit to take Avatar -- with its ... hatred of the military and American institutions and the notion that to be human is just way uncool -- at all seriously as a political document .
It 's more interesting as an example of how deeply rooted these standard issue counterculture cliches in Hollywood have become by now . "
Ross Douthat , writing in the New York Times , took Cameron to task on another favorite conservative front , as yet another Hollywood filmmaker who refuses to acknowledge the power of religion .
Douthat calls Avatar the " Gospel according to James .
But not the Christian Gospel .
Instead , Avatar is Cameron 's long apologia for pantheism -- a faith that equates God with Nature , and calls humanity into religious communion with the natural world . "
Douthat contends that societies close to nature , like the Na'vi in Avatar , are n't shining Edens at all -- " they 're places where existence tends to be nasty , brutish and short . "
There are tons of other grumpy conservative broadsides against the film , but I 'll spare you the details , except to say that Cameron 's grand cinematic fantasy , with its mixture of social comment , mysticism and transcendent , fanboy - style video game animation , seems to have hit a very raw nerve with political conservatives , who view everything -- foreign affairs , global warming , the White House Christmas tree -- through the prism of partisan sloganeering .
In a sentence , Avatar is about a crippled former Marine ’s disillusionment with a corporate deployment he takes on a distant planet and the consequences of that disillusionment .
Almost to a person , a troop , post - deployment , has a different perception than he or she did before the mission .
Part of that different perception is usually disillusionment .
When one is being ordered to face possible death , one desperately wants to believe the hype .
Once one is on the other side of the mission , reflection often allows one to see the total and unadulterated bullshit of the propaganda prior to the deployment .
Some veterans may consider themselves too loyal to admit that fact , but others of us veterans are too patriotic not to shout it .
For the wingers who believe this movie is anti-military , especially those wingers who never served , I can only ask that you understand the movie has absolutely nothing to do with America ’s military .
It has all to do with the widening use of corporate mercenaries with military capabilities .
Do n’t think Green Beret , think Black Water .
Do n’t think USMC , think XE .
Most of all , please think !
Last week I was in Tirana , capital of Albania , and I kept trying to see .
Every performance was sold out .
The movie , already the 4th highest grossing film in history , has brought in over a billion dollars worldwide .
It will get lots of Oscar nominations , including " best picture , " but I bet it 's bigger in Albania than in Alabama .
As Patrick Goldstein put it in yesterday 's Here atwe know Doug Tudor as a progressive running for Congress in Polk County , Florida ( FL - 12 ) .
But he is also a highly decorated career Naval officer who wound up serving as the Flagwriter for General Tommy Franks , General John Abizaid , and then Admiral William Fallon , each , consecutively , Commander in Chief , U.S. Central Command .
His military biography is worth taking a look at .
Doug and his wife sawyesterday and he told us he thinks right - wingers are crazy for criticizing the film as anti-military .
His perspective : Doug is running for the open seat being vacated by Adam Putnam .
But before he can take on the Putnam clone the GOP is putting up in November , he needs to beat a reactionary Blue Dog , Lori Edwards , being financed by the same Blue Dog caucus that has wreaked so much havoc on Obama 's agenda for change this past year .
There is every indication in the world that Lori Edwards , if ever elected to Congress , will be voting with the GOP as frequently as her sponsors , from Bobby Bright ( AL ) , Allen Boyd ( FL ) and Travis Childers ( MS ) to Heath Shuler ( NC ) and John Barrow ( GA ) .
Please consider giving Doug a hand so he can dispatch this Blue Dog -- already playing footsie with lobbyists and corporate slimeballs -- back to the pound .
One more thing , everyone who donates to Doug 's campaign today through the Blue America page ( regardless of amount ) will be entered into a drawing to win one of 3 autographed DVDs of Robert Greenwald 's incredible film ,
Labels : Avatar , Doug Tudor
Bedtime For Gabby
Posted by : Naughty Gabby
Hi !!!
I hope you all had a nice Thanksgiving .
Maybe my Thanksgiving Treat contribution helped you all stay " up " after the big meal ... ;)
Thanks for the nice comments .
I do get hurt sometimes by those nameless people who are rude ...
I guess that 's bound to happen - can't please everyone . ;) fyi : my boobs are REAL and i'm a REAL person .
These photos were not stolen off the internet - i promise you !
I'm in the process of doing images with the VW logo on me and maybe even a video what will prove to you that I 'm real . :)
More soon !
It seems almost impossible for me to choose between them all .
Its an Aladdin 's Cave of synth treasure !
I am Loving the Cathotron and Altaerion - very creative manipulations of some classic sample sources .
The Cathotron strings have refreshed my interest in the mellotron ( which now sounds a little hackneyed in its original format ) .
Pulstar is a Colossus of a Pad Machine .
You are a real ' texturist ' , rare that one comes across a ' texturist ' .
You Know6 is the best Juno replacement I have come across , my Juno 60 is now unplugged !
Liam Howe - Producer of Adele , Lana Del Rey , Marina and the Diamonds , Ellie Goulding , Tom Vek , Jessie Ware , Sophie Ellis Bexter , Paul Buchanan of The Blue Nile .
i can be silent no more !
The Hollow Sun folder on my sample drive is wearing out because i go to it more and more .
The inventiveness of the Laboratory Machines are staggering and a true friend to creativity .
At Hollow Sun , you clearly understand that it is LIMITATIONS , not infinite versatility , that the artist sometimes needs to focus the muse .
The Lab Machines are diabolical , clever , and strangely wonderful and unpredictable - they help me to " Re-experience innocence " at the keyboard , and have kick started dozens of fruitful ideas .
The detail and integrity of these instruments have cemented my relationship with Kontakt , and make me grateful to be a synth player in 2012 .
Harvey Jones , NY composer , producer and player with Robert Fripp , Jerry Marotta , Sting , Tony Levin , Carla Bley and many others .
We used Hollow Sun 's excellent Vintage String Synths , VP330 and Crumar Performer samples on our interactive music iOS app Dimensions .
The samples are extremely high quality and feel just like using the real thing .
Robert Thomas , Composer / CCO at RjDj , makers of 4.2 million downloads ' Inception the App ' & ' Dimensions ' .
Just a note to tell you how great the music lab synths are ... great and inspiring .
Really , really great work .
i look forward to making music with these .
By the way , triosc and oscillisine work very nicely with my wind controller .
Judd Miller .
EVI player for composers such as Maurice Jarre , Stewart Copeland , Joel McNeely , Danny Elfman , James Newton Howard , John Williams and James Horner and programmer to Yellowjackets , Michael Brecker , Peter Erskine , Vince Mendoza and many , many more .
The Music Laboratory Machines make you feel like you snuck through a time
warp into some top secret 50's military installation and found a stash of
brilliant noise making machines constructed in an attempt to communicate with aliens , or to replicate their technology .
To say that these user interfaces are inspirational is an understatement , and ditto for what they generate of vintage oscillations .
I also virtually got my old VP - 330 back for next to nothing , as well as getting to " play the RMI " for the first
time , both authentic sounding and very playable .
I 'm looking forward to
more !
Cato film composer / recording artist / remixer .
Credits include " Stone "
starring Robert De Niro and " Wall Street : Money Never Sleeps " starring
Michael Douglas .
LOVE your CP70 !
Instant nostalgia and you nailed it .
Thank you Steve !
Lyle Workman - composer for the films ' Superbad ' , ' 40 Year Old Virgin ' , ' Get Him To The Greek ' , session and touring guitarist with Beck , Sting , Todd Rundgren and others .
I really like the Radiophonica library , these are sounds that we 're used to with Jean Michel Jarre but it 's great for people who do n't have access to those old goodies Congratulations for the idea and the realisation of this original library , that I personally think can add an original touch in film soundrack .
I 'm impatient to come back to composing again when we 're finished with touring to use these sounds in a ' real ' composing situation on my next CD projects or soundtrack / video games composing .
Claude Samard Polikar - Musical director , musician and arranger for Jean Michel Jarre and and award winning film / video games composer
I 'm not normally one for contacting companies if I 'm happy with something , being of the Stiff Brit ' Brigade that thinks " you pays yer money " etc .
Anyway , for some time , I 've coveted the real VP330 , even more so when a couple of years back , I was fortunate enough to have a play on one .
However , my covetousness has now been totally quelled as I 've just purchased the VP330 pack and I have found it necessary to say how utterly pleased I am with it .
In terms of usage , it 's simple , it 's straightforward and above all , it sounds absolutely amazing so expect to hear it on my next album !!!
Neil Fellowes - Composer / performer Geigertek , Code Indigo , Callisto
They 're really good .
Really well recorded .....
Like them .
Using them on " Driver " ..... we 're working with James Lavelle on that so it 's a goody !!
Rich Aitken - Producer
I 'm a huge fan of the Hollow Sun libraries .
Steve has a knack of sampling the instrument so that it sounds and feels as if you are playing the original .
He also tends toward the eclectic and revels in the unusual , the Novachord for instance is like stepping into a Time Machine - some of the sounds are positively scary !
Fabulous products , very well thought out and instantly playable .
Chris Blackwell - Drummer , Composer
Just thought I 'd drop you a line and say a big thank you .
I mean a REALLY big thank you .
I 've spent the last month working all hours and going slightly insane doing a retro album for De Wolfe .
I completed it today .
Your products gave me a new palette and a ton of inspiration which was greatly needed because I was struggling for a while .
I used the Novachord and Vox alot - these products are amazing .
Again , many thanks .
Keep producing those great products !
Chris Salt - Soundtrack composer
What I like about your libraries is their subtlety - what I mean by this is that I get fed up of these libraries with megaton huge , over the top , bright & shimmery stuff - all very impressive from a superficial point of view but often not that playable .
I like the understated quality of these sounds - they play nice & can easily fit in a mix .
Ian Boddy - Composer , sound designer
Without these ( Novachord ) samples , AW 's score would miss one very important layer , the touch of something that 's been there for a long time , waiting for resurfacing .
It 's incredible what the patches can do , they fatten the sound up without taking space and cluttering the stereo image .
I 've recommended this library to practically everyone I 've worked with .
Petri Alanko - Composer for Alan Wake
i'm JUST starting to write for the next ' postmarks ' album , using your novachord , vox continental and crumar performer VERY heavily .
what amazes me about your sampling is how organic it is .
It does not feel stiff and actually breathes .
The Vox is amazing and the Crumar shimmers in a way that makes me have far less desire to crank up my real Solina .
your libraries are super super inspiring to me !!! ;) again ... thanks for all your continued sampling brilliance .
Christopher Moll - The Postmarks
Reviews " The Novachord character always shines through .
From the moment you load the first of the 120 presets , it ’s obvious that you ’re playing a living , breathing instrument full of quirks and it ’s these imperfections that bring everything to life .
This library exudes warmth , a little grain and wheeziness , plus a dash of authentic hum , low - end rumble and background noise .
The subtle tuning differences between notes as well as timbral and envelope variations constantly remind you that it ’s 100 percent analogue ... you can almost smell the warm Bakelite and glowing tubes . "
Read the full review HERE " This pack samples a refurbished Novachord from around 1940 .
Famous for its creepy pads , the original was designed by organ supremo Laurens Hammond .
It 's basically a 72 - note polyphonic subtractive synthesiser , but of course , it 's rammed full of valves rather than transistors .
Hollow Sun have produced over 130 patches that capture the essence of the orginal .
Terrific stuff ! "
" Hollow sun 's Steve Howell and Dan Wilson have done a stellar job re-creating the sounds of this vintage synth behemoth .
The rich analog weirdness of the Novachord is expertly captured , and adds a great new element to every keyboardist / composer 's sonic arsenal .
All the uniqueness of each analog circuit is captured ... "
Read the full review HERE Since 1998 , Hollow Sun has specialised in authentic recreations of vintage - and often rare - electrical and electronic musical instruments and other curios and obscura bringing these classic and innovative instruments ( often wheezing and spluttering ! ) into the modern age .
Hollow Sun is now drawing on several decades of experience to design and create our own unique synthesisers for Kontakt 4 . HOW TIME FLIES ... ... it is really uncanny , is n't it ?
365 days have already passed since the world lost Stephen Howell , leaving a huge gap in lives of many people , especially his daughter Alice and his wife Angela .
And in mine , as well - I do n't think I 've yet came to terms with it ...
I must say I still have this little nagging feeling that he 'll jump on Skype and start one of his usual rants about ... well , whatever came to mind at the moment !
I miss that dearly .
I miss our brainstorming sessions , they have been so intense sometimes !
I miss that whole process we had from the moment an idea sparked in his mind , and then together we totally made it happen .
I just want to let everyone know - it's not easy filling in for Steve , taking the helm of HMS Hollow Sun .
This is why there are no new products yet , unfortunately .
I am not ready to release anything until I have something I feel is worthy Steve 's name and legacy , and that is not easy to come by .
But , rest assured , there are things in motion , and in due time , I think you will all be stoked as I 'm sure Steve would be !
Since I 'm not as good with words as Steve was , I thought instead of me trying to come up with a nice writeup that would mark one year of Steve 's passing , why not ask some people Steve was in contact with to do so in my stead .
So I received several of such writeups , which I am going to post here to commemorate Steve 's passing .
However , before I do that , there are a few words that Steve 's wife Angela would like to share with you all :
We are so grateful to Mario , David and all of you who have continued to support Hollow Sun this past year .
For us keeping Hollow Sun alive is a way of keeping Steve alive .
We miss him so desperately and know how he must be missed on the many forums he would love to tell us all about .
He was a man of many words and most of those words gave us the happiness we have now lost .
With kind regards to you all , Angela and Alice xxx I vividly remember learning of the passing of Stephen Howell in a Cakewalk forum thread entitled simple “ RIP Stephen Howell ” .
I recall staring at that phrase for a few moments , trying to process the information .
Never have I felt such a personal loss coming from the news that someone I had never personally met had died .
It turns out that I was far from alone in having this reaction .
Many people later expressed the same sentiment : I never met him in person but I regarded him as a friend .
Stephen was a brilliant individual who had a wicked sense of humor and splendid communication skills in addition to his obvious technical audio acumen .
While we can regret that he ’s no longer here to augment the body of his work which is so widely appreciated in the Kontakt community , his contribution continues to grow .
He showed how things could and should be done , and I ’m convinced there are a number of practitioners of his craft whose work is more inspired and excellent as a result .
He set the bar very , very high .
I suspect that people like me who enjoy cooking and hosting dinner parties share a fantasy in which we could invite anyone in the world to one marvelous event .
Stephen most certainly would have been at that table – he was definitely on the A - list .
Oh , he ’d be sitting a bit further down from the head of the table , maybe next to Phillip Glass .
The seat of honor at my right would be occupied by Wendy Carlos and to my left would be the incomparable Yuja Wang .
I suspect Stephen not only would have understood those choices , he would have enthusiastically endorsed them .
You are missed , Stephen .
David Baer , editor and writer of Soundbytes magazine I 'm amazed it 's coming up to a year since Stephen died , it feels a lot less .
Big personalities leave big holes when they 're taken away , and so it is with Stephen .
I 've often noticed when reading obituaries that people always point out the ' really great guy ' stuff , and studiously ignore the fact that the deceased was on occasion a gigantic pain in the arse .
Well , I can tell you right now , at times Stephen was an infuriating pain in the arse , and I loved him all the more for it .
Why ?
Because real people are like that , and Stephen was really real .
I 'd known him from various synth forums on the internet for getting on for ten years , and he gave his time freely to anyone exploring the world of synthesis , which was indeed his great passion in life .
I share this passion , having first heard Switched On Bach when I was about four years old , and thinking , like most synth - folk do , ' Wow !
I want to make noises like that !'.
I learned a lot from Stephen , and I still do , using the Hollow Sun instruments in some form on most music that I write and record .
Of course , that was n't the infuriating bit - for that I refer to many a discussion on non-synth matters , where Stephen loved to argue the toss with vigour .
I always had a lot of respect for him , and I we both engaged in a good old fashioned joust on a regular basis .
I 'm pretty sure we both regarded it as light - hearted sport rather than having proper arguments - because let 's face it , having a different opinion on something does n't mean you do n't like them .
So , I think of Stephen very regularly still , his world of sound , his amusing approach to discussions , and a sense of humour matched only by his kindness .
And Stephen , if you 're listening : Thank you for everything .
Jon Dickinson , HS customer and composer of several HS demos
One year on , and I still ca n’t quite believe that Steve has gone .
I know that sounds terribly cliched but I still keep expecting him to pop up on my Skype with some well meant abuse or simply a “ Hi ” .
But it never comes , nor will it ever .
And as soon as I start to reminisce in my head , I start to get angry .
And that is odd .
I am still angry at Steve for buggering off the way he did .
I ’m also still angry at him for leaving behind his amazing wife and daughter , not just because they will miss him every day of their lives , but because he is going to miss out on his daughter being so bloody amazing .
She was , as he often pointed out , his finest creation , and after meeting her , I was in complete agreement .
This industry loses fine people all the time .
The difference is that with this industry , when people go , the gap they leave behind is disproportionately large .
When they go , it ’s not just the void they leave behind on a personal level , it is the creative void that gapes , struggling to not collapse in on itself after the sudden loss of something so important , so essential to its very existence .
I was overwhelmed at the response on the on the online book of condolences I set up , and equally overjoyed at the comfort and healing power it gave to Steve ’s family .
My main intention behind it was to demonstrate the breadth and depth of love , affection and admiration Steve garnered over the many years in this business .
From our very first communication , I knew he was a genuine , honest , trustworthy and sickeningly talented man .
I treasured our friendship and there are few days when he does n’t still spring to mind , whether it is in some conversation about music , or whether it is some philosophical meandering that reminds me of the countless gems of wisdom he would often come up with .
And so , on this painful anniversary , I am simply thankful that I knew Steve Howell and that we were friends .
I ’d not have it any other way and I desperately wish we were friends still , merrily conversing into the early hours about everything and nothing .
I miss the ingenuity and inventiveness he brought to his creative work and how he went about carving his own , utterly unique niche in what can be a very dull and densely populated world of music making tools .
But most of all , I miss my friend , my inspiration and my mentor .
And I know that Angela , Alice and all of his other friends miss him too .
My thoughts are with them as we mark this occasion .
Rob Puricelli , Failed Muso blog owner and Steve 's friend I started out as just a client of Hollow Sun , enjoying Stephen 's marvelous recreations of classic synths and tools plus his highly imaginative musical “ flights of fancy , " and as time went by I became his friend .
I am an older musician , a violinist ( like his extremely talented daughter Alice ) .
In retirement , I was trying to expand my musical horizons , catching up on a whole era of electronics that a violinist like me managed to miss .
Stephen was immensely helpful in giving me the kind of guidance that only a crusty expert like him could give .
So we started writing back and forth about everything from rock musicians who look down on classical players like me and Alice but ca n’t play their three chords properly , to flooding in Wales , to anti-vaccinators , to bitter complaints about jerks cracking his software that was so reasonably priced he was almost giving it away .
By the spring of 2014 he was a friend to me like very few have EVER been during 40 + years in the trenches of the music business .
People throw around terms like “ generosity of spirit ” a lot , but that was just how Stephen LIVED .
That was his ESSENCE .
There have not been many like him .
God , I still miss him .
I ’m choking up all over again just writing this .
One thing I would like to add , very emphatically : STEPHEN HAD NO PATIENCE WITH WANKERS !
John Tenney , professional violinist , HS customer and Steve 's friend
It has been a year now since Stephen ’s tragic passing and I dearly miss him .
Although the sands of time have helped me come to terms with the loss of a very good friend I still find myself welling up from time to time ...
In fact only this evening as I read about a past session player for Peter Gabriel who now plays for Will ’s Moog Ensemble I find myself becoming teary eyed recollecting one of Stephen ’s wonderful stories about how he helped Peter out of a fairly disastrous situation during a recording session for Last Temptation of Christ when they could n’t manage to get a fantastically expensive new sampler to work .
Stephen triumphantly stepped in with a humble little AKAI S900 and saved the day going on to create a number of ethnic loops drawn from material Peter had previously recorded .
Not only did Stephen ’s samples make it to the album but , like all of his great stories , the anecdote thrown in about Peter personally rushing to his wife ’s aid when she started to feel a little wobbly is the kind of thing I will never forget .
This was Stephen through and through – a hell of a talented chap who always had a great story to tell in that wonderful Welsh accent of his and was always so eager to help those around him .
Rest In Peace Stephen – I will always miss you my friend ...
Dan Wilson , Hideaway Studio owner , Novachord restaurator , Steve 's friend
Thank you , guys , Angela , Alice , for these words .
I do n't think anything I 'd wrote myself would have the same depth and impact .
Also , special thanks to Jon for the commemorative music piece he sent , which is playing back on this page as you 're reading this .
I would just like to add that I 'm very grateful for knowing Steve and having him as my friend .
Thanks everyone for reading this commemorative post !
Mario Kruelj , a.k.a EvilDragon ... AND WE'RE BACK !
Phew !
It has taken me less than expected , but after a little over a week of doing all sorts of things , I can say with confidence that Hollow Sun is back in business after a slight setback created by the EU and the new VAT regulations .
The whole Hollow Sun product range has been migrated from Payloadz to FastSpring distribution service , and this brings a few changes in the way HS operates .
Firstly , some might notice prices will adjust according to their geological position .
FastSpring requires stating the product price in USD and GBP .
I did both - USD prices are slightly higher now ( 1 GBP = 2 USD ) , but this will bring the prices more in line with what Europeans pay for HS products + VAT now .
Payment is still possible via credit card and PayPal .
Use whatever you like better .
Secondly , you might notice I fumbled around slightly with Hollow Sun site .
Mainly the menu bar on top .
We now have a dedicated F.A.Q. section , and a dedicated Contact section - which now utilizes PHP form to send out support e-mails .
This will hopefully reduce the amount of spam that has been coming to HS e-mails ( mario / steve ( at ) hollowsun ( dot ) com ) .
Thirdly , a couple of products are now moved to Freepacks section ( Stylophone and JayPea , as well as 2013 Spring Bank Special named as ' Big Synth ' ) - these were too cheap to be economically viable when VAT is accounted for , plus FastSpring 's per-order fee .
There might be some more products that were previously specials for certain occasions showing up in the Freepacks section , so keep your eyes peeled !
And on the subject of e-mails , I would like to kindly request all Hollow Sun users to redirect their e-mail queries pertaining to Hollow Sun to either the new contact form on Contact page , or the newly created support e-mail ( support ( at ) hollowsun ( dot ) com ) !
Steve 's e-mail is likely to become phased out at some point , so there will be no replies from it when that point is reached .
For the moment both Angela and myself are checking out the inbox of Steve 's e-mail , but do n't say I did n't warn you ! :)
I believe that about wraps it up .
I would like to shout out to mr .
David Brenan who was a lion in helping me out with the migration to FastSpring .
He uploaded all the products to their servers - my upload speed over here in Croatia is quite atrocious !
Thanks ,
David - you 're a legend !
Awfully tired but in good spirits , yours truly , Mario Kruelj , a.k. a EvilDragon HOLLOW SUN IN 2015 Happy belated holidays , dear Hollow Sun supporters !
I would like to take a minute and explain some changes that will happen starting January 1st , 2015 .
First I 'd like to apologize to Dan , Dan the Novachord man for shamelessly stealing his statement about the situation from his own Hideaway Studios newsletter .
But he 's a good chap so I 'm sure he wo n't mind ! :)
So , here goes :
Due to fundamental changes in EU VAT legislation which come into play on January 1st , 2015 , all B2C digital download service providers selling direct into the EU must charge VAT at the customer 's local rate .
The new " place of supply " directive affects very many world - wide online businesses including most sample library developers who sell and supply direct to the public over the internet .
Frustratingly the new directive was very poorly publicised in the UK and left a tremendous number of smaller businesses unaware of the impending situation .
To achieve direct compliance would require VAT registering in all 28 EU states posing a huge burden on small businesses due to a mountain of extra paperwork .
For this reason Hollow Sun and several other independent sample library developers are in the process of migrating our payment and digital download facilities to fully compliant intermediary services .
The migration and subsequent testing is likely to take a number of weeks to undertake and I regret that during this period the current purchase and shopping cart functions will be disabled from 1 Jan for customers from ALL regions .
Or , perhaps it 's better to show this all with a picture ( to the left - click on it for full size ) !
For more info about all of this , please check this site if you 're interested .
I apologize for any inconveniences caused by this , but we really need some time to make things work according to the regulations , and this will take some time .
Note that the website with product information and demos is still going to remain online , but all " Add to Cart " links will be unavailable .
Thank you for understanding and your unwavering support !
Here 's to a successful 2015 , everyone !
Cheers , Mario Kruelj , a.k.a EvilDragon HAPPY BIRTHDAY , STEVE AND ALICE !
Hello , everybody !
Today , November 5th , is Steve 's birthday and his daughter Alice 's 18th birthday as well !
A very sad and poignant day because he should be there to celebrate it with them ...
Steve always used to say that his daughter and him were twins separated by 39 years !
I would like to say that they both want you all to know that Hollow Sun will continue and develop as Steve would have wanted .
Something is slowly brewing in HS Towers ( currently residing in Croatia ) , and we 'll see , perhaps as soon as next month we might have something new in store .
Stay tuned !
Yours truly , Mario Kruelj , a.k.a EvilDragon
REST IN PEACE , STEPHEN HOWELL Greetings , Hollow Sun users .
Most of you have probably already witnessed the news on one of the music - related forum boards I posted .
For those that did not , I am beyond sad to report that Stephen Howell , founder of Hollow Sun , unfortunately passed away on May 31st , 2014 , in the early hours of the morning , at 56 years of age .
I was informed about this all by his daughter , Alice , and I 've been in contact with her and Steve 's wife , Angela , ever since .
We have to figure out what will become of Hollow Sun from this point onward .
It would not be the same without Steve , of course , but I am adamant about keeping his legacy in some way , if at all possible .
For now , all I can say is that Steve will be greatly missed , and that is an understatement .
He went away far too soon .
There is a book of condolences set up by Rob Puricelli ( a.k.a. Failed Muso ) , so please visit that site and pay your respects to the great man and the legacy he has left behind .
I will post any updates regarding Hollow Sun 's future right here on this site , and on KvR Hollow Sun subforum .
Yours truly , Mario Kruelj , a.k.a EvilDragon
All company / trade / brand names shown or implied are the property of their owners .
Copyright HOLLOW SUN ©
DALLAS — Detroit Red Wings coach Mike Babcock could accept his team squandering an early two - goal lead and losing to the Dallas Stars 3 - 2 in a shootout Saturday in a hard - fought game at the American Airlines Center .
What he found hard to swallow was how officials could rule that the puck crossed the goal line on Steve Ott ’s shot , the only goal in a shootout that lasted six rounds .
Referee Rob Martell , who was positioned on the goal line , immediately waved his arms to signal no goal .
However , it was ruled a goal following a lengthy video review by league officials in Toronto .
“ I think the video replay showed the puck did n’t go in the net .
I thought that ’s why we had video replay , ” Babcock said .
“ The referee on the goal line called it ( no ) goal , but then it was determined he was blocked out and the other ( official ) decided it went in the net .
So I do n’t know how a guy that ’s 20 feet away can make that decision when we have people in Toronto look at video replay .
That makes no sense to me whatsoever .
Disappointing . ”
After
Ott ’s goal , Patrick Eaves fired a shot over the net , as Detroit went 0 for 6 in the shootout against goaltender Alex Auld .
Jimmy Howard , making his 11th consecutive start , was strong again , stopping 28 shots in regulation and overtime and making five big saves in the shootout before
Ott slipped a backhand shot through his pads .
Howard thought he trapped the puck on the goal line .
“ I thought I stopped the forward motion .
I was actually the one that knocked it backwards , ” Howard said .
“ I thought it never crossed the line , but I guess they said otherwise .
( Martell ) is standing right there waving it off .
I thought he had a great view of it . ”
The officials were not available for comment .
The Red Wings felt they were robbed of a point .
“ The guy that ’s coming in from the blue line called it , not right away , later on after they went upstairs I guess he made the call , ” Red Wings captain Nicklas Lidstrom said .
“ It ’s hard to explain , especially when the guy that ’s standing right on the goal line waves it off .
It ’s a tough call . ”
Said forward Dan Cleary : “ From what I ’ve been hearing , it looks like we might have gotten robbed a little bit .
But Howie really gave us a chance , was excellent in net .
It ’s too bad ; we really wanted that extra point . ”
Todd Bertuzzi and Brian Rafalski scored for the Red Wings .
Henrik Zetterberg and Lidstrom each had two assists .
Dallas snapped a three - game losing streak and won the season series 3 - 1 .
" Disappointing to give up the lead and then lose on that play , ” defenseman Brad Stuart said .
“ I do n’t know who ’s right and who ’s wrong on that one .
But we probably should n’t have gotten ourselves into that one .
No use complaining about it . ”
The Stars tied the game at 2 - 2 at 3:53 of the third period on Loui Eriksson ’s 19th goal .
He knocked in a rebound from the slot .
Before that , the Stars trimmed their deficit to 2 - 1 on Brad Richards ’ power - play goal at 2:37 of the second period .
The Red Wings once again were burned by a penalty for too many men on the ice , one which Babcock disputed .
Jonathan Ericsson fanned on a dump - in attempt and was caught up ice , resulting in an odd - man rush for the Stars .
Richards , skating down the left wing , faked a slap shot to freeze Howard and then fired a wrister past him .
“ Once they got the power - play goal it gave them a lot of momentum and they were coming after us a little bit harder , ” Lidstrom said .
“ You want to play a little smarter in that situation . ”
The Red Wings scored on two of their first four shots and led 2 - 0 after the first period .
Bertuzzi opened the scoring at 5:10 with his 13th goal .
Entering the zone with speed , he took a pass from Zetterberg , cut around Jeff Woywitka and tucked a backhand shot past Auld .
It ended Bertuzzi ’s eight - game goal - scoring drought .
Rafalski scored a power - play goal at 9:30 .
He cleaned up around the net , knocking in a loose puck after Zetterberg ’s pass attempt to Bertuzzi was deflected in front of Auld .
The Red Wings could n’t hold onto the lead , but Babcock did n’t fault their effort .
“ I thought it was a real good hockey game and I thought our team played hard , ” Babcock said .
“ I thought they played hard .
I thought both goalies were good . ”
New year window dressing was responsible for the micro yields on bill auctions pre-New Year .
Or so the theory went .
So why did we just have another effectively zero bill auction ?
And no , the Lehman scramble for risk - free parallel is oh so very inappropriate here - after all funds have to window dress their Dec. 31 2010 results ...
Granted , a little early .
So we ask , again , who is buying stocks when real money is willing to accept zero returns to park their cash in " risk - free " equivalents .
Liberty 33 - once again , the podium is all yours .
Every few days , even in the dead of winter with snow on the ground , Peggy Brace ’s front porch on Liberty Street in Concord is awash with hanging laundry .
Neighbors have complained about the unsightly display , but it does n’t stop Brace from drying her family ’s laundry the old - fashioned way .
“ It ’s so silly , ’’ Brace said .
“ I do n’t know what the hang - up is . ’’
Brace said using a clothes dryer is a waste of energy , and she wishes more of her neighbors would take advantage of fresh air and the wind to handle the job .
But Brace said there is a stigma associated with clotheslines , so not everyone in this well - to - do community is tolerant of the eco-friendly practice : “ It indicates poverty if you hang out your wash . ’’
Brace has filed an article for the April Town Meeting warrant that has two goals .
As a broad movement develops throughout the country for more environment - friendly laundering , she said , she is encouraging Concord residents to give up their dryers , and also trying to make sure everyone has the right to hang out their laundry .
There are no town bylaws in Concord prohibiting clotheslines , but private homeowner associations can impose such restrictions .
Concord Green , a 220 - unit condominium complex in West Concord , for example , does not allow residents to set up clotheslines on balconies or in common areas .
Housing developments can also include such restrictions on property deeds , said Marcia Rasmussen , the town ’s planning director .
Paul Vander - Lee , Concord Green ’s property manager , said some residents have put up clotheslines but were asked to take them down after neighbors complained .
“ Our buildings are very close together , ’’ Vander - Lee said .
“ People have nice views they ’d like to keep .
Something like this tends to detract from their views . ’’
Rasmussen said she is n’t sure how private associations that restrict clotheslines would be affected if Brace ’s article is adopted .
She said it depends on how the article is written and how it ’s interpreted by lawyers .
But going forward , associations would not be allowed to impose new restrictions if the article is approved , Rasmussen said .
“ This is intended to take away the potential for anyone to say you ca n’t do it , ’’ Rasmussen said .
The so - called right - to - dry movement has been growing in the United States , according to Alexander Lee , executive director of Project Laundry List , an advocacy group based in Concord , N.H. , that promotes cold - water washing as well as air drying .
Vermont and Maine approved statewide legislation last spring that supports the right to use a clothes line , Lee said , while a bill recently failed in New Hampshire , but a state representative has plans to refile the proposal next year .
“ What Peggy is doing is great , ’’ Lee said .
“ The right to dry is a great tool for raising the bigger issue of why we obsessively use the dryer . ’’
Lee said 2.7 million out of the 111 million households in the United States dry 15 or more loads of wash every week .
He said the average is eight loads a week .
Dryers use 10 to 15 percent of the domestic energy in the country , he said , so lessening their use is an easy way to save money and energy .
And there ’s no major upfront investment needed to make the switch .
“ It ’s totally within reach and affordable , ’’ he said .
“ It ’s not a solar panel or hybrid vehicle . ’’
While the movement is gaining momentum , Brace said , she realizes that her work is cut out for her .
She said dryers have become a status symbol , and some residents do n’t want to give them up for fear of looking like they ca n’t afford one .
“ The whole thing is laundry is n’t nice , ’’ she said .
“ Peasants hang out their wash . ’’
But she hopes her warrant article will convince more people to put aside their vanity and think of the greater good .
“ It ’s about what each of us can do to cope with the horrendous energy usage , ’’ she said .
“ It ’s a moral wake - up call . ’’
Brace said people can hang clothes outside in all seasons because the wind , rather than the sun ’s warmth , is largely responsible for drying them .
And she said it does n’t take as much time as people think to hang laundry .
She said it takes her a minute and a half for a load of sheets , and four minutes for a load of clothes .
The Laundry List Project offers 10 reasons why residents should air dry clothes .
Supporters say it saves money , helps clothes last longer and smell better , conserves energy , and promotes physical activity .
They say sunlight disinfects ; indoor racks can humidify the house in dry winter weather ; using a clothesline avoids dryer fires ; it can be fun ; and it demonstrates that small steps can make a difference .
And , Brace pointed out : “ It ’s therapeutic to hang out there on a nice day . ’’
Jennifer Fenn Lefferts can be reached at jflefferts@yahoo.com .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
By Jason Palmer
Science and technology reporter , BBC News
Pi appears in a wide range of formulae and natural phenomena A computer scientist claims to have computed the mathematical constant pi to nearly 2.7 trillion digits , some 123 billion more than the previous record .
Fabrice Bellard used a desktop computer to perform the calculation , taking a total of 131 days to complete and check the result .
This version of pi takes over a terabyte of hard disk space to store .
Previous records were established using supercomputers , but Mr Bellard claims his method is 20 times more efficient .
The prior record of about 2.6 trillion digits , set in August 2009 by Daisuke Takahashi at the University of Tsukuba in Japan , took just 29 hours .
However , that work employed a supercomputer 2,000 times faster and thousands of times more expensive than the desktop , running Linux , that Mr Bellard employed .
Precision targeted
These herculean computations form part of a branch of mathematics known as arbitrary - precision arithmetic - simply put , knowing a given number to any amount of decimal places .
It is hard to overstate just how long the currently determined pi is ; reciting one number a second would take more than 85,000 years .
" I got my first book about Pi when I was 14 and since then , I have followed the progress of the various computation records , " Mr Bellard told BBC News .
But it is not simply the number that interests him .
" I am not especially interested in the digits of pi , " he wrote on his website .
It 's more than just for the fun of it - pi is a way of testing a method
Ivars Peterson
Mathematical Association of America " Arbitrary - precision arithmetic with huge numbers has little practical use , but some of the involved algorithms are interesting to do other things . "
Mr Bellard plans to release a version of the program he used to do the calculation , but says that carrying on with any further billions of digits " will depend on my motivation " .
Ivars Peterson , director of publications at the Mathematical Association of America , said that the result is just the latest in a long quest for a longer pi .
" Newton himself worked on the digits of pi and spent a lot of time using one of the formulas he developed to get a few extra digits , " Mr Peterson told BBC News .
In modern times , pi has served as more than just a simple but lengthy constant , however .
" People have used it as a vehicle for testing algorithms and for testing computers ; pi has a precise sequence of digits , it 's exactly that , and if your computer is n't operating flawlessly some of those digits will be wrong , " he explained .
" It 's more than just for the fun of it - pi is a way of testing a method and then the method can be used for other purposes . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Everyone knows Spotify , right ?
Do you know that you can access Spotify for free ?
This is how to get a premium version .
What is Spotify ...
Posted on 04 December 2009
Europe poured € 34.5 million of EU taxpayers ’ money into increasing and modernizing its oversize bluefin tuna fleets over the very period it was coming to concede that excess fishing capacity was a key factor in overfishing and illegal fishing of collapsing bluefin stocks .
Europe poured € 34.5 million of EU taxpayers ’ money into increasing and modernizing its oversize bluefin tuna fleets over the very period it was coming to concede that excess fishing capacity was a key factor in overfishing and illegal fishing of collapsing bluefin stocks .
The information on 2000 - 2008 payments to the bluefin tuna fisheries was provided this week in response to a September question from Raül Romeva i Rueda , a Spanish Member of the European Parliament ( MEP ) with the ‘ Iniciativa per Catalunya Verds ’ , part of the European Greens .
The delayed response meant the information was not available for November ’s meeting of the International Commission on Conservation of Atlantic Tunas ( ICCAT ) , which witnessed several heated discussions on the reduction of fishing capacity Rueda was told that the largest portion of the money - € 23 million - was aid for the construction of new boats including modern purse seiners ( industrial high - tech vessels with purse - like nets that scoop up large amounts of tuna ) .
Some € 10.5 million went into the modernisation of existing vessels while , in stark contradiction to recent EU rhetoric about the need to reduce the size of the fleet , only € 1 million went into decommissioning boats , all of which were smaller artisanal vessels .
The real level of subsidies is likely much higher , with unknown additional sums being pumped into the bloated fleet by EU member states .
Spanish boat owners were the largest beneficiaries of the 611 vessels involved , with the remainder shared between fleet owners in Cyprus , France , Greece , Italy and Malta .
Overcapacity has been identified as a key factor in catches that in 2007 were estimated at twice the legal levels set by ICCAT largely as a result of EU lobbying to be around twice the prudent levels advised by ICCAT ’s scientists .
Average catch size of Atlantic bluefin tunas fished in the Mediterranean Sea reduced by half during the period - for example in Spanish waters average catch size in 1994 was 159 kg , whereas by 2009 it was only 77 kg .
These declines have been interpreted as indicating the dying out of reproducing tunas , and if such trends were to continue this could lead to the wiping out of the entire spawning population as soon as 2012 .
“ I am shocked at the scale of the subsidies given to the bluefin fleet , ” said Rueda .
“ This shows clearly the hypocrisy of the EU , which insists on the need to conserve fish stocks while simultaneously encouraging the rapid expansion of a fleet that was already too large .
” The European Commission ’s response states that “ the number of Community vessels licensed to fish for bluefin tuna in 2009 was 859 vessels or 52,553 Gross Tonnage ( GT ) ” , a much larger capacity than the EU ’s designated 2009 catch quota of 12,400 tonnes .
“ It is a scandal that perverse EU subsidies have helped create a Frankenstein fleet continuing to aggressively target a collapsing species , ” said Dr Sergi Tudela of WWF .
“ European citizens have given a gift of 34.5 millions Euros to the bluefin tuna industry which has resulted in the collapse of an ancient fishery , and what will happen next ? "
“ WWF strongly demands that no more EU public money be pumped into this business . ” Mismanagement of the bluefin fishery has fuelled moves to have international trade restrictions placed on Atlantic bluefin tuna at the forthcoming March meeting of parties to the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species ( CITES ) in Doha , Qatar .
When development teams adopt agile practices , product management is often caught off guard by the amount of work added to their already overflowing plate .
Agile calls for new product management skills and traditional staffing models do not typically accommodate the new product owner role .
Given that most product managers are already overworked , how can they manage these new activities to derive more value from software projects and products ?
Simply put , agile product managers must change the way they work to keep up with faster development cycles and shorter customer feedback loops .
This article provides an overview of a successful product management transition to Agile , the most common pitfall to avoid and proposed solutions to the new challenges that arise .
The traditional product management role
Before we discuss the product manager role in agile organizations , let 's review the role of a traditional product manager .
That role is often nebulous to many in the organization , and agile does not make things easier with its new product owner role .
Are you a product owner or are you a product manager ?
The reality is that very few university programs are dedicated to the product management profession , so most product managers come from diverse backgrounds – from marketing , engineering , pre-sales and post - sales support or even business development – each bringing their own slant to the profession .
A product manager in one organization may focus on very different things than a product manager in another organization ( which does not make them better or worse ) .
That being said , a “ skilled ” product manager would typically be accountable for the following common set of tasks :
Define a product vision and roadmap
Build the business case to get funding
Determine the best market timing to release products
Segment the market and identify the target audience
Identify and track competitors
Be the “ voice of the customer ” to development
Identify customer needs to solve
Determine features to deliver in the next release
Document product requirements
Update executives and other stakeholders on release status
Ready the company to maximize the market impact of releases
Coach marketing on how to position the product
Coach sales on how to sell the product
Coach professional services on how to facilitate customer adoption
Equip support with known “ gotchas ” and caveats in releases
Regardless of how different product managers may be , there is a commonality among all traditional product managers .
Very few of them spend much time with their development team , because the focus in traditional product management has been primarily on strategic activities , as well as writing long requirements documents to keep development busy for the next 18 month a traditional software release would take .
This is about to change when development adopts agile …
How agile changes the traditional product manager role
Agile introduces a new product management role : the product owner .
The primary responsibility of the product owner is to groom the product backlog , present stories to developers and act as the “ voice of the customer ” for the development team .
Because of the much - accelerated development cycles in agile software development , the product owner role provides the crucial interface between developers and customers to quickly collect customer feedback at the end of each sprint , and adapt to changing customer needs .
This is the role that was dearly missing in traditional development where development could go for many months with very little customer input , leading to the poor statistics we all know about the software industry - rarely on budget , often too late , with little value to customers .
In essence , the product owner role is about embedding product management in the development team to remind developers that customer value should drive their decisions , to remind product managers that not all features are technically equal , and to proactively respond to the changing needs of the market and customers before the release goes out .
This is all fantastic news to finally put in place a solution to respond to customer needs , except that product managers are usually overloaded even before embracing agile .
The product owner role is time - consuming : at sprint planning , the product owner presents to development the stories to work on in the next couple of weeks .
During the sprint ( usually 1 to 4 weeks ) , she monitors progress , clarifies story details , validates completed stories and researches stories for the next sprint .
For most products , this is more than a part - time job !
Product management consulting companies like Enthiosys have estimated the product management workload to rise by about 50 % when software teams adopt agile .
So what happens to the traditional product manager tasks we listed earlier ?
Who stays in touch with customer needs ?
Who keeps a pulse on market trends and competitors ’ moves ?
Who reviews sales recent win/ losses ?
Who defines packaging and pricing for new products ?
And who educates sales and support about new features ?
Unless you have super - hero product managers on your team – those who need less than 4 hours of sleep a night and have no work - life balance who can take on 50 % more work - something will break .
Avoiding the single biggest pitfall
When teams adopt agile , product managers are often not part of the first pilot in which development teams are getting used to agile practices - from short time boxes to continuous integration and test - driven development .
At that point , often a technical lead will assume the role of product owner .
Once the development team is familiar with these key development concepts and starts delivering better software faster , they then want to make sure their efforts lead to great value to users , at which point the product owner role needs some “ real ” product management skills .
That ’s when the traditional product manager is usually pulled in to join the agile experience .
The biggest pitfall I have seen is to simply transition existing product managers to become product owners .
It seems like a natural transition when everyone is focused on adopting agile , yet there is a heavy price to pay .
When a company falls into this pitfall , one of two things can happen as traditional product managers are forced to decide what they will work on – given that there is still only 8 to 12 hours in a work day :
The most common scenario is that the product manager fully embraces her new product owner role , learns to write good stories and gets to know her development team .
This is usually a very exciting time , especially if you have a neutral agile coach preventing natural finger pointing that may happen after so many years without collaborating .
However , this leaves no time for the traditional product management tasks , so those fall by the way side .
The risk is an incredibly productive development team delivering software that is launched at the wrong time , with the wrong price , with sales and support poorly enabled and , as a result , unable to reach the target audience and bring the expected revenue .
Software failures are more often market failures than development failures , so only staffing the product owner role ( with no product management resources left to accomplish the most needed strategic product management tasks ) run the risk to fail at delivering solutions to their market .
A less common scenario ( but just as impacting ) is the product manager who does not embrace the product owner role .
This occurs when the product manager has a more “ big picture ” brain and little interest in the tactical day - to - day product owner duties .
In this case , the team flounders with poor requirements , being in the unpleasant situation to make assumptions as they go , because “ the voice of the customer ” is absent when questions arise .
One red flag to monitor is user stories without acceptance criteria .
Because traditional product managers were not in involved in validating requirements ( most often the quality assurance group was ) , writing acceptance criteria are often a challenge , and are quickly overlooked .
Stories without well - defined acceptance criteria run the risk of not being accepted at the end of the sprint , when the product owner and development engage in a “ but I thought you thought … . ” discussion , resulting in frustrating and costly rework to correct the original story .
The price to pay when the definition of “ done ” is not made clear with acceptance criteria is a story that keeps being reworked and the associated decrease in development productivity .
So how can product management adapt to their company ’s transition to agile , and avoid the pitfall discussed above ?
Practical advice for adapting product management to agile needs
Let ’s explore some of the lessons - learned I wish I would have known when I started my transition from traditional to an agile product manager .
Stop doing work that does not deliver real customer value , directly or indirectly , and communicate what you will stop doing .
This may seem like a brilliant flash of the obvious , but if you truly adopt this state - of - mind , you ’ll find many little things that really do n’t bring any value to customers .
For example , are there reports that someone in your organization needs for their own tracking but that bring little customer value ?
Or have you been developing sales tools that bring little value to the sales team ?
Favor live interaction over lengthy documentation , whether it is describing a business case to executives or documenting requirements .
This is one area where you may have to take a leap of faith that trusted developers are more innovative and productive than those provided requirement documents ( along with pizzas ) under their doors .
Trust that the human race thrives when empowered to make decisions .
Practice ruthless ranking .
Whether it is prioritizing requirements , business goals or your daily activities , assign true priority numbers instead of using the MoSCoW prioritization technique ( must - have , should - have , could - have , and wo n’t - have ) where too often you end up with too many must - haves and should - haves .
If you struggle with this practice , assume you have one developer available for one day .
What would you have him do ?
That is your # 1 requirement .
Embrace change as an opportunity rather than a threat .
This can actually lift a huge burden for product managers .
At each sprint , reassess what the team will work on next based on the customer feedback you received in the past sprint .
You do n’t need to sign your life away on a huge requirements document that would take 18 months to execute .
You can even make mistakes and correct those mistakes 2 weeks later .
Identify critical product management tasks
Rank all product management tasks .
Let ’s face it : when adopting agile , most product managers are overwhelmed by the added product owner role .
Until you adequately staff your product management team to fulfill the new agile responsibilities , make sure to identify which tasks are critical to your product ’s success .
Reduce or even drop some of the other tasks ( at least for now ) , and clearly communicate to your organization where your focus will be , and what may no longer be delivered .
For an overview of all product management tasks , refer to the Pragmatic Marketing Framework , recently updated to reflect the product owner role .
Do n’t let go of the strategic part .
Your selection of critical product management tasks should have a good dose of inwardly - focused tasks ( focused on the team ) and outwardly - focused tasks ( focused on others in the organization and outside the organization ) .
But depending on the software you ’re building and your product position in the market , the proportion of inwardly - focused vs. outwardly - focused work may vary .
For example , a well established product does not need as much sales enablement at each new release as a brand new product in a brand new market .
Staff appropriately to fulfill the new roles & responsibilities
Assume you will need more that one body .
In very few cases can one person be both a product owner ( tactical inwardly - focused role ) and a product manager ( strategic outwardly - focused role ) .
Start thinking about who could help handle some of the product management tasks .
Rigid organization structures will make this tip a challenge , so getting executive support may help .
If not , communicate clearly what will not get done with only one body .
Empower whoever takes on the product owner role to be available to your team , and expect them to validate stories as soon as they are completed .
Most importantly , do n’t spread your product owner too thin by expecting her to fulfill outwardly - focused tasks on top of her team duties .
Match individuals and product management roles carefully .
To fulfill both the strategic and the new tactical product management functions , pick personalities compatible with the task at hand .
As general guidance , analytical minds and detail - oriented folks tend to do well as product owners .
Big picture , extroverted folks tend to do well as product managers .
Business analysts can make great product owners , and product marketing managers are good fit for some of the strategic product manager tasks , such as competitive analysis and release enablement for sales and support .
Do n’t get too hung up on titles – they get in the way - but rather match up people with product management tasks they are skilled at and passionate about .
If you are lucky enough to have individuals on your product management staff that excel at both the tactical and the strategic aspects , consider having them split their time across features instead of the strategic / tactical line .
For example , an individual takes on both product owner and product manager role for one set of features , while another individual takes on both roles for another set of features .
In that scenario , the two individuals need to make time to stay on the same page and share a common vision and roadmap for the product .
Get much closer to your customers
Know the customer value to deliver .
The primary focus of agile is to deliver customer value and eliminate wasteful activities , so you ’ve got to find a way to get closer to your customers in whatever that works for you .
There are many technologies and practices that lend themselves to customer engagement , below are three of my favorites :
Invest in social networks .
The advent of social networks provides an effective mechanism for product managers to engage with customers without crisscrossing the globe .
It also provides a Darwinian effect for feature prioritization where users self - promote or demote suggested features .
The dialog can be incredibly fruitful .
Just be cognizant of the relative number of users with whom you are actively engaged .
Unless all your users are participants ( rare so far ) , social networks present the risk of allowing a subset of users to drive your roadmap .
To learn more about the use of social networks for product manager , follow the work Tom Grant from Forrester has done recently .
Leverage others in your organizations , especially those who communicate daily with customers – sales , sales engineers , support engineers , and consultants .
If your organization effectively uses a company - wide customer relationship management ( CRM ) system , such as Salesforce.com , you can leverage this technology to funnel customer input to you .
CRM systems , when used to capture customer profiles and revenue potentials , can be a gold mine to product managers looking to assess the importance of a feature request across their customer base , as well as to quickly identify which customers to validate specific features .
The more a customer cares about a feature , the more likely you get real feedback quickly .
Read about what a CRM system can do for product managers in this Forrester article .
Invest in a product council .
If you cannot adopt the 2 technologies above , you still need to hear from those who talk to customers .
One time - saving way to do this is to establish a product council with cross-functional representation .
Monthly you get to hear from all facets of your business and collect everyone ’s input to the roadmap .
Read more on this blog post about Using a Product Council to Steer Your Development .
Hone your product management skills to meet agile needs
Frequently update your product roadmaps to make them an effective communication tool rather than a contractual weight - at a minimum once a quarter , but I prefer monthly .
Include a clear “ subject to change based on customer feedback ” disclaimer to reinforce your openness to change and clarify the fact that agile product roadmaps represent an intent , not a commitment , and that your commitment is to deliver value , not specific features , as those change as fast as customer needs .
Learn to chunk roadmap features into sprint stories .
A study by The Standish Group found that 45 % of features were never used and only 20 % of features were used often or always .
The goal is to focus on the 20 % must - have features and let go of the rest .
Too often we build over - kill features just to realize that few customers use them , or that they add complexity to your product .
Focus on delivering the absolute must - have stories for a feature , and let users tell you when they need more .
With short release cycles , you now have the luxury to put out minimal marketable features and respond quickly to user needs in your next release .
And if your customers cannot digest releases more than a couple times a year , you can still demonstrate the incremental delivery to get their feedback and get them excited about next year ’s release .
Identifying the 20 % to focus on means chunking features into small yet valuable stories that are delivered incrementally at the end of each sprint .
Mastering this chunking technique is one of the most important skills to hone .
Read the “ 20 ways to cut stories ” article to see ways to chunk while still delivering value .
Get your stories ( and their acceptance criteria ) straight .
The stories at the top of your product backlog should be researched enough to be presented without ambiguity to your team at the sprint planning meeting .
As mentioned earlier , do not skimp on acceptance criteria , or be ready to pay the price of rework .
Collaborate with testers to finalize the acceptance criteria list for each story .
I find the best time to research stories and interview customers is at the start of a sprint when developers have enough to work on , and tend to have fewer questions .
Summary
Agile adoption does not mean the end of product managers as we know them .
The biggest transition you will face is embedding someone with product management experience into the development team .
Adequately staffing and fulfilling the new product owner role , while not losing site of the strategic role of product management , is the key to changing product management to enable the agile enterprise .
Organizations that try to make do with their current product managers without reassessing the new product management role in light of agile needs wo n’t fully reap the benefits of scaling agile to the enterprise .
Those leveraging the practical guidelines will put themselves in the envious situation of delivering competitive solutions to their markets .
I truly hope this article will help you avoid some of the common pitfalls I have experienced in my personal transition to agile product management and that the tips I shared with you will help facilitate this much needed transition to scale agile in their enterprise .
For more information , download the slides presented at the Agile2009 conference on the focus of this article .
About Catherine Connor
Catherine Connor is currently a product owner at Rally Software , where she is responsible for driving Rally 's agile portfolio management solution .
Prior to this role , Catherine brought to market an innovative product management solution integrating agile project management with customer relationship systems to bridge the gap between customers , sales and development .
Prior to Rally , Catherine worked at Borland Software where she started applying Agile methods and a requirements management evangelist for IBM Rational software products .
Her experience makes her a perfect candidate to document the best practices and pitfalls to transition from traditional to agile product management .
Catherine has more than 20 years of experience in programming and supporting software customers in implementing software solutions .
Climatologists have puzzled over why global average temperatures have stayed roughly flat in the past decade , despite a long - term warming trend .
New research suggests that lower levels of water vapor in the stratosphere may partly explain the anomaly .
The study , appearing in the journal Science , points out that the concentration of water vapor in the stratosphere has dropped about 10 % in the past decade , triggered by unexplained cooler temperatures at certain high altitudes above the tropics .
The study concludes that in the ...
“ This is a special moment on my wedding day when my father saw me in my wedding dress for the first time .
Unfortunatley my brother was “ rearranging ” behind us .
No one caught this until AFTER the photo had been printed in my wedding album ! ”
( submitted by Katie )
One type eats small fish and lives in closely - related pods , the other eats marine mammals such as dolphins and is related to the Antarctic killer whale .
If the two continue on the same trajectory , they could evolve into two different species and conservation efforts will need to be focused on each separately , the researchers claim .
Dr Andy Foote , from the University of Aberdeen , undertook the study along with colleagues from universities and museums in Denmark and the UK .
“ It ’s exciting to think about two very different types of killer whale in the waters around Britain , ” said Dr Foote .
“ Killer whales are n’t really a species that we think of as being a regular visitor to Britain , but in fact we have two forms of these killer whales in our waters . ”
Otherwise known as Orcas , killer whales are the largest member of the dolphin family and live in family groups called pods .
They are known for their intelligence and range of hunting behaviours .
Dr Foote and his team made their discovery by examining the teeth from remains of killer whales stranded over the past 200 years .
They found that the teeth fell into two distinct camps : those that were well - worn and those featuring virtually no wear at all .
“ We found that one form , which we call ‘ type 1 ’ had severely worn teeth in all adult specimens , ” Dr Foote said .
“ The other form , ‘ type 2 ’ , had virtually no tooth wear even in the largest adults . ”
The research team tested the teeth to find out about the mammals ’ diets .
They found that the killer whale with the worn teeth generally consumed fish such as herring and mackerel as well as seals , whereas the ‘ type 2 ’ killer whale fed on smaller whales and dolphins .
Their differences in diet also affected their shape and size , along with colour , pattern and number of teeth .
Type 2 adult males were almost two metres larger than types 1 males .
Whereas the type 1 whales are closely - related and found across the North East Atlantic and around Britain , the type 2 whales are regularly seen off the west coast of Scotland and Ireland and , according to Dr Foote , are more closely related to a group of Antarctic killer whales .
The discovery shows how the creatures have evolved to suit their environments , and according to Dr Foote , could have important implications for how they are monitored by conservationists .
“ It ’s similar to how Darwin ’s finches have adapted to different ecological roles in the Galapagos , but on a larger scale , ” he said .
Ah , the life and times of a kernel hacker …
This entry was posted in Uncategorized .
Bookmark the permalink
U.S. aid comes with strings attached
Published Jan 20 , 2010 8:38 PM
How much is $ 100 million in U.S. aid to Haiti really worth ?
$ 100 million is less than what the U.S. spends in five hours on the wars and occupation in Afghanistan and Iraq .
The $ 100 million President Barack Obama promised in emergency aid to Haiti for earthquake relief sounds like a lot of money .
But it is a tiny amount when compared to what the rulers of France and the United States stole from Haiti and its people over centuries .
The U.S. imposed 60 years of sanctions and blockade on Haiti after the victory of the first successful slave revolution in history .
This blockade impoverished Haiti .
France demanded in 1825 , with warships in the harbor , that Haiti repay French slave owners $ 21 billion for the value of the enslaved Africans who were liberated .
Haiti was forced to pay interest on this debt for more than 100 years .
U.S. - supported dictator Jean - Claude “ Baby Doc ” Duvalier diverted $ 500 million in U.S. loans into his personal bank accounts in just the last six years before he fled the country .
But the Haitian people still had to repay all the Duvalier loans .
Billions of dollars in debt , Haiti was forced to accept an International Monetary Fund structural adjustment program that promised “ debt forgiveness . ”
This IMF program destroyed Haiti ’s sustainable agriculture , bankrupted its cash crops of rice and sugar , raised the price of electricity , and froze pay on public transit , infrastructure and vital social service providers such as doctors , nurses and teachers .
Haiti’s debt to the Inter - American Development Bank was not “ forgiven . ”
It is more than $ 500 million — five times the amount of U.S. aid pledged for earthquake relief .
It is always important to remember that whatever U.S. imperialism gives with one hand , it takes away with the other .
The IMF announced on Jan. 14 , the same day that President Obama promised $ 100 million in aid , that it would be adding a $ 100 million loan to its current program in Haiti .
This only leaves Haiti further in debt .
$ 100 million is just 7 percent of the $ 1.4 billion that Haitian workers in the Diaspora send home to their families every year .
Half of the population of Haiti lives on less than $ 1 a day .
Yet this U.S. aid and U.S. loan will force even more Haitians to immigrate to find work for their families ’ survival .
The people of Haiti are owed reparations from the U.S. and French banks , which have extracted billions of dollars in profits from Haiti for hundreds of years .
$ 100 million is far less than 1 percent of the $ 18 billion that Goldman Sachs executives will receive in bonuses this year , after a $ 700 billion U.S. government bailout of the banks .
And $ 100 million in U.S. aid to Haiti comes with a high price tag : U.S. military occupation .
OTTAWA 
In 1920 when the Hudson ’s Bay Company began publishing a magazine for its 250th anniversary , The Beaver : A Journal of Progress probably seemed to be a good title .
The company , which controlled much of the landmass that is now Western and Northern Canada , owed much of its early fortune to the trade in beaver pelts .
The Beaver , which was initially a bit of in - house boosterism , evolved into a respected magazine about Canadian history .
The Bay , as the company is commonly known , shifted from fur trading to department stores .
And last week Canada ’s National History Society , the nonprofit group that now publishes The Beaver , decided that the Internet required the magazine to undergo a name change .
To be more precise , the title was doomed by a vulgar alternative meaning that causes
Web filters at schools and junk mail filters in e-mail programs to block access to material containing the magazine ’s name .
“ It ’s only been in the last two years or so that it ’s been a problem , ” said Deborah Morrison , the president and chief executive of the history society , which is based in Winnipeg , Manitoba .
“ ‘ Beaver ’ is one of those key words students are denied access to on the Internet . ”
Previously : Playlist – Playing Games , Music , Art .
Playlist – Playing Games , Music , Art , an exhibition curated by Domenico Quaranta for Laboral ‘s new Mediateca Expandida , explores the role played by music in the adoption and manipulation of obsolete technologies : vinyls , old computers , game platforms , etc .
Playlist follows a long long trails of game - related exhibitions at Laboral ( see for example Homo Ludens Ludens ) and just when i thought “ oh nooo !
Not another one ! ” , they managed to bring an exciting new perspective on the world of game art .
Tristan Perich , 1 BIT Symphony ( 2009 )
Despite its geeky , garage , masculine aura , Chiptune music is less anecdotal a theme as one might think .
It did n’t exactly become the new “ folk music for the digital age ” nor the “ next step in the evolution of rock and roll ” that Malcolm McLaren , the legendary ex-manager of the Sex Pistols , had forecast but that ’s probably part of its charm .
If chiptune music had found its way towards mass culture after roughly two decades of existence , you ’d see this exhibition at MOMA or the Fondation Cartier , not at a more adventurous space like Laboral .
This does n’t mean that chip tune music ‘ failed ’ to reach the music charts .
It ’s just that it would probably lose its soul if it were assimilated by corporations and turned into mainstream candy .
Paul Slocum , c=64 synth , 2003
Chip music is low - key .
Its scene is relatively small , its sound is raw and lo-fi , but more importantly , its tools are outmoded goods of mass consumption .
This obsolescence of the media was at the heart of curator Quaranta ’s reflections .
The very essence of chip music is indeed at odds with the so - called ‘ planned obsolescence ‘ model that has come to be part and parcel of the industrial stream of electronic goods since the early decades of the 20th century .
By ‘ upcycling ’ vintage computer and video game systems , hacking , tweaking and bringing to light their untapped potential or turning their very shortcomings into musical or visual features , the artists and computer hobbyists not only defy any assumption that their passion is only driven by nostalgia , they also go against this almost universally endorsed model of planned obsolescence .
In the florid essay he wrote for the Playlist catalog , Matteo Bittanti reminds us what a great purveyor of quotes McLuhan was .
He believed that “ obsolescence never meant the end of anything , it ’s just the beginning . ”
Here ’s the first part of my report about the exhibition .
Jeff Donaldson /noteNdo , RESET v2.0 for 2 Prepared Nintendo Entertainment Consoles ( 2009 )
Jeff Donaldson /noteNdo‘s RESET v2.0 embodies perfectly the way the 8 - bit community makes the most of the defects and limitations that come with old game consoles .
Each NES console has been prepared to instigate generative system crashes / malfunctions which are triggered by laser light .
As the participant walks through the installation space / laser field , different audio- visual effects are produced when different beams are obstructed .
The work is inspired by system glitches , or imperfections , which are unique to the 8 - bit NES hardware .
In provoking these errors , abstract and colourful effects , unintended by the commercial systems designers , are produced .
Eat Shit , by Jeremiah Johnson / Nullsleep and Don Miller / NO CARRIER , demonstrates again artists ’ interest for glitches and data corruption .
The interactive installation explores controlled data corruption on the Nintendo Entertainment System , based around Johann Sebastian Bach ’s piano piece Minuet in G .
Gino Esposto/ micromusic.net , microbuilder – community construction kit ( Version 1.0 : 2003 ; Version 2.0 : 2009 -2010 )
They might be using outdated instruments but the close - knit chiptune community has its feet firmly planted in today ’s sharing culture .
Gino Esposito wrapped all the knowledge and the years of work of micromusic .
net – the first 8 - bit and low - tech music Internet community platform – into microbuilder .
The “ community construction kit ” package offers amateurs all they need to create a successful internet community .
The software can be installed easily , you learn quickly how to operate the system and the package is simple to adapt and extend .
In the book you can browse through the history of Internet communities , the process of building up micromusic.net and other online projects .
Illustrations and graphic art work from micromusic .
net artists will give you a lasting visual impression and the installation guide makes the software installation process as quick - and - easy as possible .
And of course you can listen to the included audio CD .
Paul B. Davis , Screen shot from Five in One , Fantasy Cutscenes , 2007 ( Image Seventeen Gallery )
Homage to DIY / ” pirate ” multicarts often found in Hong Kong markets which take multiple games and illegally cram them all on one cartridge , Paul B. Davis ‘s aptly called 5 in 1 crams multiple artworks from the Beige catalogue .
There are stylistic nods to multicart culture in the somewhat awkward main selection screen , the misspelling of the component names ( this is also a reference to bootleg hip - hop records ) , the lack of navigation instructions , and a slightly buggy feel .
However , its authentic / illegal “ pirate ” nature is tempered by the fact that the source codes for most Beige artworks are freely available from their website .
Anyone could download and make their own edition of the original pieces if they learned the technique and could be bothered .
This is the paradox of “ open source ” software when manifested in an art object : the object is reduced to the application of a technical skill because the code / concepts already exist in the public domain ( except , of course , for Davis ’ code that runs this multicart ) .
My pictures of the shows are not as good as Domenico ’s but that ’s ok i got used to be such a lame photographer a while ago .
Photo on the homepage : Don Miller / NO CARRIER , glitchNES , 2009 .
Playlist – Playing Games , Music ,
Art , the second exhibition of Laboral ‘s new Mediateca Expandida , is open until May 17 , 2010 at LABoral Centro de Arte y Creación Industrial in Gijón , Spain .
To be continued ….
#include < stdio.h >
/*
* A little playground for VM and JIT testing .
The basic idea is to have an instruction set that is
* EXTREMELY EASY to decode : we prefer more instructions versus complex decoding logic .
For example ,
* most opcodes have a W version that lets the last argument ( usually a word ) take up an entire
* wordsize .
Also , we do n't have operand selector bits .
So OP_LOADI would load the address from
* the register given by the second arg and OP_LOADM would use INS+1 to load the contents of a full
* memory address .
*/
typedef enum {
OP_HALT = 0 ,
OP_ADD , // Arg1 = REG , Arg2 = word
OP_LOAD , // Arg1 = REG , Arg2 = word
OP_LOADW , // Arg1 = REG , Arg2 = < unused > , INS+1 = word
OP_COPY , // Arg1 = REG[dst ] , Arg2 = REG[src ]
OP_CNDPC , // Arg1 = word
OP_JMP , // Arg1 = word
OP_JMPEQ , // Arg1 = REG , Arg2 = word
OP_JMPEQW , // Arg1 = REG , Arg2 = < unused > , INS+1 = word
OP_PRINT // Arg1 = REG , Arg2 = < unused >
} opcode ;
typedef enum { REG_0 = 0 , REG_1 , REG_2 , REG_3 } reg ;
# define INS ( op , arg1 , arg2 ) ( (( op ) << 8 ) | ( ( arg1 ) << 4 ) | ( arg2 ) )
# define OP ( ins ) ( ( ( ins ) & 0xF00 ) >>
8 )
# define ARG1 ( ins ) ( ( ( ins ) & 0xF0 ) >>
4 )
# define ARG2 ( ins ) ( ( ins ) & 0x F )
void native ( ) {
int i = 0 ;
for ( i = 0 ; i < 1000000 ; i ++ ) {
i = i + i ;
}
fprintf ( stdout , " i=%d
" , i ) ;
}
void print_ins ( int ins ) {
fprintf ( stdout , " INS=0x %x , OP=0x %x , ARG1=0x %x , ARG2=0x % x
" ,
ins , OP ( ins ) , ARG1 ( ins ) , ARG2 ( ins ) ) ;
}
void vm ( ) {
int regs [ REG_3 ] = { } ;
int code [ 1024 ] = { } ;
int pc , condpc ;
int ins ;
code [ 0 ] = INS ( OP_CNDPC , 7 , 0 ) ;
code [ 1 ] = INS ( OP_LOADW , REG_0 , 0 ) ;
code [ 2 ] = 0 ;
code [ 3 ] = INS ( OP_ADD , REG_0 , 1 ) ;
code [ 4 ] = INS ( OP_JMPEQW , REG_0 , 0 ) ;
code [ 5 ] = 1000000 ;
code [ 6 ] = INS ( OP_JMP , 3 , 0 ) ;
code [ 7 ] = INS ( OP_PRINT , REG_0 , 0 ) ;
code [ 8 ] = INS ( OP_HALT , 0 , 0 ) ;
pc = condpc = 0 ;
while ( 1 ) {
ins = code [ pc ] ;
// fprintf ( stdout , " PC = 0x%x , " , pc ) ;
// print_ins ( ins ) ;
switch ( OP ( ins ) ) {
case OP_HALT : return ;
case OP_LOAD :
regs [ ARG1 ( ins ) ] = ARG2 ( ins ) ;
break ;
case OP_LOADW :
regs [ ARG1 ( ins ) ] = code [ ++ pc ] ;
break ;
case OP_ADD :
regs [ ARG1 ( ins ) ] += ARG2 ( ins ) ;
break ;
case OP_CNDPC :
condpc = ARG1 ( ins ) ;
break ;
case OP_JMP :
pc = ARG1 ( ins ) ;
continue ;
case OP_JMPEQ :
if ( regs [ ARG1 ( ins ) ] == ARG2 ( ins ) ) {
pc = condpc ;
continue ;
}
break ;
case OP_JMPEQW :
if ( regs [ ARG1 ( ins ) ] == code [ ++ pc ] ) {
pc = condpc ;
continue ;
}
break ;
case OP_PRINT :
fprintf ( stdout , " %d
" , regs [ ARG1 ( ins ) ] ) ;
break ;
default :
fprintf ( stderr , " Unrecognized opcode at 0x %x
" , pc ) ;
return ;
}
pc ++;
}
}
int main ( int argc , char ** argv ) {
int ins ;
//native ( ) ;
vm ( ) ;
return 0 ;
The attorney general will be asked to approve warrants before suspected war criminals can be arrested in future under a plan being negotiated by the Foreign Office in response to the row over attempts to arrest Israel 's former foreign minister .
The Guardian has learned that discussions have begun in Whitehall on creating " safeguards " in criminal cases against visiting foreign leaders – not just those from Israel .
Lawyers involved said they were outraged by the proposed change .
Gordon Brown today threw his weight behind moves to change the law and telephoned Tzipi Livni , leader of the Israeli opposition , to say he " completely opposed " the warrant issued by a London magistrates court for her arrest for alleged crimes in relation to the war in Gaza .
The warrant was withdrawn when it transpired that Livni was not in the UK , but triggered a huge diplomatic spat in which politics clashed head - on with the law .
David Miliband , the foreign secretary , also phoned Livni , and called his Israeli counterpart , Avigdor Lieberman , to apologise .
" Livni supports a two - state solution .
This attempt to secure her arrest has really set alarm bells ringing , " said a senior Foreign Office source .
" No one is talking about removing universal jurisdiction , but it's an anomaly that a magistrates court can issue an arrest warrant before a prosecutor has even said there is a case to prosecute .
There need to be safeguards . "
News of the prime minister 's intervention provoked a furious response from lawyers and pro-Palestinian groups .
" I feel honest revulsion at the idea of a case where a judge has granted an arrest warrant and a politician gets on the phone and apologises , " said Daniel Machover , a solicitor .
" They have got to stay out of individual cases and legal decisions . "
The law has developed rapidly since the Pinochet case in 1999 , and allows suspected perpetrators of crimes such as genocide , torture and war crimes to be prosecuted in the courts of countries other than that where they were committed .
" The Geneva Conventions Act of 1957 places a positive obligation on the UK to pursue those who are alleged to have committed grave offences under the act , " said another lawyer .
" In the light of the Goldstone report [ into the Gaza war ] there is a prima facie case to answer . "
The only successful prosecution so far has been of an Afghan warlord convicted of torture in 2005 .
News of a plan to involve the attorney general in issuing warrants brought complaints about selective application of the law , politicisation of criminal justice , and violation of the separation of powers .
" It 's outrageous and the only reason the Foreign Office wants to do it is to avoid embarrassment – there is no good legal reason , " said Machover .
" If there was an arrest warrant against Livni , it 's because there was a case to answer according to a judge who found that there was reasonable suspicion . "
Livni was due to attend a conference in London but cancelled two weeks ago .
Palestinian sources claimed to have seen her at the event and alerted the lawyers seeking the arrest warrant .
Palestinians and an Israeli rights organisation say 1,400 people , mostly civilians , were killed in the Gaza offensive .
Israel said 1,166 Palestinians died , mostly combatants , and it acted in self - defence against Hamas rockets fired from Gaza .
Thirteen Israelis died .
Scholars , gay and lesbian partners and opponents of same - sex marriage are expected to testify about the nature of marriage and homosexuality during an unprecedented federal trial today to determine whether gays and lesbians may marry .
UPDATE : The U.S. Supreme Court has blocked video coverage of the Prop. 8 trial in San Francisco .
Read more .
Gay - rights supporters are upset by the court ruling .
Read more on L.A. Now .
The case , Perry vs. Schwarzenegger , is expected to become a landmark that eventually will be decided by the U.S. Supreme Court .
Both sides have hired leading legal advocates with lots of experience before the high court .
San Francisco ’s U.S. District Court Judge Vaughn R. Walker , a Republican appointee known for independence , will decide whether Proposition 8 ’s ban on same - sex marriage violates U.S. constitutional rights of equal protection and due process .
Walker ’s pretrial rulings have tended to favor supporters of same - sex marriage .
Unlike other court cases about marriage rights , the trial before Walker will involve weeks of testimony on wide - ranging issues .
“ Actually putting witnesses on the stand has never been done before in any lawsuit claiming a right to same - sex marriage , ” said Proposition 8 campaign attorney Andy Pugno .
“ So this is a very out - of - the - ordinary approach . ”
David Boies , a lawyer for the challengers of the ballot measure , said he expected the case would reach the Supreme Court in the fall of 2011 .
“ This is the first time that you will have this kind of record being made ” on the social , religious and legal implications of same - sex marriage , said Boies , who represented former Vice President Al Gore in Bush vs. Gore , the Supreme Court case that gave George W. Bush the presidency .
Theodore B. Olson , a conservative attorney who represented Bush in that case , is working with Boies to overturn Proposition 8 .
They were hired by a nonprofit created by a political strategist and entertainment - industry activists to bring the lawsuit .
Challengers of the marriage ban will call to the stand the two same - sex couples who filed the suit and nearly 10 experts who will testify about the history of discrimination against homosexuals and the history of marriage .
They also intend to call some of the architects of the Proposition 8 campaign .
Olson will make the opening argument and Boies will examine the first witnesses today .
The Proposition 8 campaign intends to call a handful of expert witnesses who also will testify about the history of marriage and who will contend that “ traditional ” marriage benefits children .
Walker decided to show the trial on a delayed basis on YouTube.com and to broadcast it live , when time zones permit , at federal courts in San Francisco , Pasadena , Seattle , Portland , Ore. , and Brooklyn , N.Y .
But Proposition 8 ’s sponsors , contending the broadcast might intimidate witnesses and incite retaliation , appealed his decision all the wayto the U.S. Supreme Court .
A decision by Justice Anthony M. Kennedy was expected today .
Witnesses for the same - sex couples who filed the lawsuit are expected to testify that sexual orientation is highly resistant to change , that same - sex marriage does not harm anyone and that children of same - sex couples are as well adjusted as those of heterosexual couples .
The challengers ’ attorneys also intend to argue that the Proposition 8 campaign was motivated by prejudice against homosexuals , that gays and lesbians should receive the highest form of constitutional protection and that denying marriage rights to same - sex couples substantially harms them .
“ We will show that prohibiting gays from marrying has no redeeming social benefit , that permitting gay marriage does not in any way undermine heterosexual marriage , ” Boies said in an interview Friday .
Pugno said Proposition 8 ’s defenders would show “ that traditional marriage is rationally related to the public interest in natural child rearing and that voters could reasonably decide to continue the traditional definition and that does not violate the Constitution . ”
Pugno called the case “ very complex , ” and said the campaign ’s strategy would develop in reaction to what their opponents present in court during the next several days .
“ They are going to be trying to impugn the motives of the sponsors and trying to prove characteristics of sexual orientation ” are similar to those of race , which receives the highest constitutional protection in the courts , Pugno said .
After the trial , Walker is expected to unveil his decision in a written ruling .
That decision would then be appealed to the 9th Circuit and finally the Supreme Court .
Most gay - rights lawyers opposed the filing of the lawsuit , arguing that it was too soon to risk a loss before the Supreme Court .
They fear a precedent could set back the gay - rights movement by several years .
But Boies said he expects to win before the high court .
“ Judges , even of older generations , recognize where this country is going and recognize not only the undesirability but the futility of trying to preserve this area of discrimination , ” he said .
Even if his side loses , “ that is not the last word on a constitutional question like this , ” Boies said .
The California Supreme Court ruled in May 2008 that the state ’s ban on same - sex marriage violated the state Constitution .
Proposition 8 amended the state Constitution six months later and reinstated the ban .
The state high court later ruled 6 to 1 that the measure was a valid constitutional amendment but unanimously upheld the validity of the marriages of same - sex couples who wed before Proposition 8 passed .
Two same - sex couples , expecting the state court to uphold the measure , filed the federal suit in San Francisco a few days before the state ruling .
Unlike the state challenge of Proposition 8 , the federal lawsuit contends that the measure violates federal constitutional guarantees .
The Proposition 8 campaign intervened in the case after Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger and Atty .
Gen. Jerry Brown declined to defend the ballot measure .
One of the campaign sponsors who intervened asked Walker on Friday to drop him as a defendant .
He said he feared for his and his family ’s safety .
The sponsor , Bill Tam , had tried to attract votes for Proposition 8 by arguing that same - sex marriage would lead to children becoming homosexual and other states falling into “ Satan ’s hands . ”
A decision on whether Tam can withdraw from the case is pending .
maura.dolan@latimes.com
The USPTO awarded search giant Google a software method patent that covers the principle of distributed MapReduce , a strategy for parallel processing that is used by the search giant .
If Google chooses to aggressively enforce the patent , it could have significant implications for some open source software projects that use the technique , including the Apache Foundation 's popular Hadoop software framework .
" Map " and " reduce " are functional programming primitives that have been used in software development for decades .
A " map " operation allows you to apply a function to every item in a sequence , returning a sequence of equal size with the processed values .
A " reduce " operation , also called " fold , " accumulates the contents of a sequence into a single return value by performing a function that combines each item in the sequence with the return value of the previous iteration .
Google 's MapReduce framework is roughly based on those concepts .
A series of data elements is processed in a map operation , then combined at the end with a reduce operation to produce the finished output .
The advantage of partitioning a workload this way is that it 's extremely conducive to parallelization .
Each discrete unit of data in the series can be processed individually and combined at the end , making it possible to spread the workload across multiple processors or computers .
It 's a fairly elegant approach to scalable concurrency , one that offers efficiency regardless of whether your environment is a single multicore processor or a massive grid in a data center .
Google published a paper in 2004 that described how it uses MapReduce .
The paper attracted considerable interest and paved the way for the MapReduce pattern to become a common technique for parallelization .
One of the most well - known third - party implementations of MapReduce for distributed computing is Hadoop , an open source Apache project now used by Yahoo , Amazon , IBM , Facebook , Rackspace , Hulu , the New York Times , and a growing number of other companies .
Google 's patent on MapReduce could potentially pose a problem for those using third - party open source implementations .
Patent # 7,650,331 , which was granted to Google on Tuesday , defines a system and method for efficient large - scale data processing :
A large - scale data processing system and method includes one or more application - independent map modules configured to read input data and to apply at least one application - specific map operation to the input data to produce intermediate data values , wherein the map operation is automatically parallelized across multiple processors in the parallel processing environment .
A plurality of intermediate data structures are used to store the intermediate data values .
One or more application - independent reduce modules are configured to retrieve the intermediate data values and to apply at least one application - specific reduce operation to the intermediate data values to provide output data .
Hadoop is n't the only open source project that uses MapReduce technology .
As some readers may know , I 've recently been experimenting with CouchDB , an open source database system that allows developers to perform queries with map and reduce functions .
Another place where I 've seen MapReduce is Nokia 's QtConcurrent framework , an extremely elegant parallel programming library for Qt desktop applications .
It 's unclear what Google 's patent will mean for all of these MapReduce adopters .
Fortunately , Google does not have a history of aggressive patent enforcement .
It 's certainly possible that the company obtained the patent for " defensive " purposes .
Like virtually all major software companies , Google is frequently the target of patent lawsuits .
Many companies in technical fields attempt to collect as many broad patents as they can so that they will have ammunition with which to retaliate when they are faced with patent infringement lawsuits .
Google 's MapReduce patent raises some troubling questions for software like Hadoop , but it looks unlikely that Google will assert the patent in the near future ; Google itself uses Hadoop for its Code University program .
Even if Google takes the unlikely course of action and does decide to target Hadoop users with patent litigation , the company would face significant resistance from the open source project 's deep - pocketed backers — including IBM , which holds the industry 's largest patent arsenal .
Another dimension of this issue is the patent 's validity .
On one hand , it 's unclear if taking age - old principles of functional software development and applying them to a cluster constitutes a patentable innovation .
On the other hand , Google 's MapReduce paper indisputably popularized the concept and is freely characterized by Hadoop 's developers as the inspiration behind their project .
This suggests that Google is owed some credit by the industry for advancing distributed computing with its MapReduce paper , a factor that could strengthen the patent .
Listing image by Han Soete
Regardless of what happens in the Bay State tomorrow , it 's too early to write off healthcare as dead .
Nancy Pelosi told reporters today that Democrats will get a bill some way or another , according to ABC News .
And now the New York Times reports that the way forward is to have the House vote directly on the Senate version which would n't require a second vote in the Senate .
Of course , that will be tough , as it will require all of the supporting Democrats to support a bill they 're not crazy about , even in the face of a stunning election result .
Yesterday we outlined six possible scenarios , including this one , that healthcare might take in the event of a Scott Brown victory .
We 'll say this , in all sincerity :
If Pelosi can get this done , she and Reid deserve MAJOR credit for what will be a triumph of party unity , to pass something this gigantic on 100 % party - line votes , in the face of overwhelming political risk .
Nothing like this has ever been done .
Transparent House – the original project designer Carlo Santambrogio and Ennio Arosio
On occasion of Milan Design Week Italian company Santambrogiomilano showcased the evolution of the Simplicity project , which in 2009 set itself an ambitious goal : architecture .
Glass , the absolute protagonist , shapes the load bearing beams , floors , roofs and the colorless walls , the material principle justifies the conception of the whole habitat .
The glass reflects the flash of the flame , the green of the vegetable garden , the pink of the seafood , the red of the cuts of meat .
A meeting of transparencies that heightens the senses !
Electromagnetic waves are beamed onto passengers to create a 3 - D image Airport body scanners would be " unlikely " to detect many of the explosive devices used by terrorist groups , a Tory MP has warned .
Ben Wallace , who used to work at defence firm QinetiQ , one of the companies making the technology , warned it was not a " big silver bullet " .
Gordon Brown has said the scanners are to be introduced at UK airports .
A spokeswoman for QinetiQ said the technology " should be part of a layered approach to security " .
Mr Wallace said the scanners would probably not have detected the failed Detroit plane plot of Christmas Day .
He said the same of the 2006 airliner liquid bomb plot and of explosives used in the 2005 bombings of three Tube trains and a bus in London .
BAA , which runs six UK airports , said it is to install the machines " as soon as is practical " at Heathrow .
Mr Wallace - an ex Army officer - was employed by QinetiQ as their overseas director in the security and intelligence division before being elected to the Lancaster and Wyre seat in 2005 .
There is a big but ... in all the testing that we undertook , it was unlikely that it would have picked up the current explosive devices being used by al - Qaeda
Q&A : Security checks at UK airports Ben Wallace MP
He said the " passive millimetre wave scanners " - which QinetiQ helped develop - probably would not have detected key plots affecting passengers in the UK in recent years .
QinetiQ is one of a number of companies that manufacture this kind of security scanning equipment .
' Layered ' approach Mr Wallace told BBC Radio 4's Today programme : " The advantage of the millimetre waves are that they can be used at longer range , they can be quicker and they are harmless to travellers .
" But there is a big but , and the but was in all the testing that we undertook , it was unlikely that it would have picked up the current explosive devices being used by al - Qaeda . "
He added : " It probably would n't have picked up the very large plot with the liquids in 2006 at Heathrow or indeed the ... bombs that were used on the Tube because it was n't very good and it was n't that easy to detect liquids and plastics unless they were very solid plastics .
" This is not necessarily the big silver bullet that is somehow being portrayed by Downing Street . "
A spokeswoman for QinetiQ said " no single technology can address every eventuality or security risk " .
" QinetiQ 's passive millimetre wave system , SPO , is a ... people - screening system which can identify potential security threats concealed on the human body .
It is not a checkpoint security system .
" SPO can effectively shortlist people who may need further investigation , either via other technology such as x-rays , or human intervention such as a pat - down search . "
Staff screening Simon Davies , director of the human rights watchdog Privacy International , also expressed doubts that the scanners would make air travel more secure .
" These machines can't tell you what the object is underneath or within the clothing , " he said .
" They can only detect the irregularity .
The problem is the way modern clothing is designed , the fact that people take many objects of a non-metallic nature through airports means that the machines are of extremely limited value . "
I would prefer to see technology doing the electronic pat down , than a person doing it
Chris Yates
Aviation security analyst
He said emphasis was needed to continue with " ordinary and quite boring measures that actually do work " such as screening airport staff and conducting vehicle checks .
Aviation security analyst Chris Yates said better training of staff was needed alongside the introduction of new technology .
" I 've seen some very awful examples of the pat down , " he said .
" If it 's done effectively , yes , you can do a proper examination of somebody and pretty much determine whether they are hiding something .
" But at the end of the shift , on a bad day at work , the security guards just wanting to get home , is he going to want to do that ?
That 's the big issue and I would prefer to see technology doing the electronic pat down , than a person doing it . "
Norman
Shanks , former head of security for BAA , said body scanners can only be part of the solution and that passenger profiles are also vital .
" Profiling takes into account their behaviour patterns , their tickets , how they purchase them , how they 're acting and interacting with people and many times it 's believed this is a security person 's function . "
' Pat down '
The US is also introducing tougher checks for air passengers from nations deemed to have links with terrorism .
BBC transport correspondent Tom Symonds said that , according to the Department for Transport , the new security measures introduced at UK airports on Monday were not causing serious disruption .
People stand fully clothed in a scanner while their image is examined British Airways said it had no delays and the checks were largely being carried out at departure airports around the world in countries on a list published by the US Transportation Security Administration , our correspondent added .
These include Nigeria , Pakistan , Syria , Iran , Sudan and Yemen .
Mr Brown had said travellers to and from British airports would see the " gradual " introduction of the use of full body scanners and hand luggage checks for traces of explosives .
They will initially operate alongside metal detectors , and be used for all flights in and out of the country .
Scanner technology
On Sunday , Mr Brown accepted there was no way to be certain that the devices would be 100 % effective , and " we have got to go further " .
The £ 80,000 full body scanners produce " naked " images of passengers .
They work by beaming electromagnetic waves on to passengers while they stand in a booth .
A virtual three - dimensional image is then created from the reflected energy .
The machines are currently being trialled at Manchester airport following tests at Heathrow airport from 2004 to 2008 .
They are also being rolled out across the US , with 40 machines used at 19 airports .
The latest decisions came after Nigerian Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , now in custody , was accused of trying to detonate a bomb on a plane bound for the US on 25 December .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Northern Lights are one of nature ’s most spectacular visual phenomena , and in this National Geographic time lapse video they provide a breathtaking display of light , shape , and colour over the course of a single night in Norway .
Check more Daily News
Meet Sandy Sanderson from New Zealand .
Needing something to keep himself occupied after breaking his wrist in a motorcycle accident , he started building amazing model cars from discarded aluminum cans .
His incredibly intricate work below .
Advertisement
Sandy 's something of a renaissance man ; draftsman , guitar player , teacher , motorcyclist , instrument maker and model builder .
When he was in a motorcycle accident which shattered his wrist and put him out of action for a while , he needed something to do .
While finishing a canned beverage he thought of model airplanes he'd seen made from cans and thought why not make cars out of the same material ?
And thus was born the CanCar .
The " Coriba Climax " below is his first effort and while impressive in its own right you see the cars keep getting more and more technically detailed with each successive build .
Very cool hobby Mr. Sanderson , and talk about a unique ( though somewhat spendy ) Christmas present opportunity .
Coriba Climax
Click the first image to read more
The Hot Rod
Click the first image to read more
The Buggy
Click the first image to read more
The Guinness
Click the first image to read more
The Roadster
Click the images to read
The Guinness 2
Click the first image to read more
The Jeep
Click the first image to read more
The Mini Moke
Click the first image to read more
The Heineken
Click the first image to read more
How They 're Made
Click the first image to read more
( Hat tip to Jan ! )
[ CanCars ]
Left : the NY Times image ; Right : the original image
From Gothamist :
By yesterday evening the Paper of Record published not one , but two takedowns of women : somewhat unsurprisingly , both centered around weight and penned by the fairer sex .
The stage for the scrutiny was the Golden Globes red carpet , which many an actress strolled down on Sunday night .
The first piece , written by Andy Port ( yes , a woman ) , declares that Jennifer Aniston , Courtney Cox and workout queen Kate Hudson have all “ put on a little weight . ”
Though she says they are “ sporting sexier curves ” she then goes on to say it ’s concentrated in their upper arms .
Then , Cathy Horyn decides to take down the gorgeous Christina Hendricks : the Mad Men actress known for her sexy curves … which are decidedly not concentrated in her upper arms .
In her piece she writes , “ Not pretty Christina Hendricks in Christian Siriano ’s exploding ruffle dress .
( As one stylist said , ‘ You do n’t put a big girl in a big dress . ’ ) ”
Whether you agree or disagree ( you disagree , right ? ) , it should be noted that the photo running with Horyn ’s piece was most definitely distorted , possibly to ( falsely ) illustrate her “ point . ” …
Eventlet
Eventlet is a concurrent networking library for Python that allows you to change how you run your code , not how you write it .
It uses epoll or kqueue or libevent for highly scalable non-blocking I/O .
Coroutines ensure that the developer uses a blocking style of programming that is similar to threading , but provide the benefits of non-blocking I/O .
The event dispatch is implicit , which means you can easily use Eventlet from the Python interpreter , or as a small part of a larger application .
It 's easy to get started using Eventlet , and easy to convert existing applications to use it .
Start off by looking at examples , common design patterns , and the list of the basic API primitives .
License : MIT
Installation
To install latest PyPI release : pip install eventlet Manually lock version in requirements , if your build / development process does n't automate it : # requirements.
txt eventlet==x.y
Eventlet team is commited to have only stable code in master branch , so recommended way to install is from latest master commit : pip install https://github.com/eventlet/eventlet/archive/master.zip
Beware , http…zip link in requirements .
txt will repeat download and installation even if you specify link to particular commit .
Earlier versions available at Eventlet on PyPI
Discussion
eventletdev at lists.secondlife.com
This is a low traffic list about using and developing Eventlet .
Look through the archives for some useful information and possible answers to questions .
There 's an IRC channel dedicated to Eventlet : #eventlet on freenode .
It 's a pretty chill place to hang out !
We have Eventlet Google + Community .
Join us , +1 , share your ideas , report bugs , find new friends or even new job !
Development
Development , issue tracking happens at Eventlet on Github
We had Mercurial repository on Bitbucket , but it 's not used anymore .
Pull request policy
Test is required
One commit is strongly preferred , except for very big changes
Commit message should follow the following formula : subsystem : description of why the change is useful optional details links to related issues or websites
The why part is very important .
Diff already says what you have done .
But nobody knows why .
The why part is very important .
Diff already says what you have done .
But nobody knows why .
Feel free to append yourself into AUTHORS file , sections Thanks To or Contributors .
If you do n't like these rules , raw patches are more than welcome !
Bugs
Please be sure to report bugs as effectively as possible , to ensure that we understand and act on them quickly .
You may report bugs via :
If your diet lacks fiber , it ’s your own fault .
High levels of the cholesterol - lowering , regularity - inducing substance can now be found in many breads , pastas , cereals -- even yogurts , cakes and juices .
Some foods , such as whole wheat bread , are naturally high in fiber .
A growing number of products , however , proudly proclaim their high - fiber content , such as Arnold ’s Double Fiber Bread and Yoplait ’s Fiber
One yogurt , getting some or all of their fiber from so - called isolated or functional fibers -- ingredients with names like inulin , maltodextrin and polydextrose -- that manufacturers intentionally add to foods to boost total fiber content .
Whether these isolated fibers have all of the same health benefits as the naturally occurring ones remains to be seen .
“ We just do n’t know if they all act the same , ” says Jennifer Nelson , director of clinical dietetics and nutrition at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester , Minn .
“ They have not necessarily been studied to see if they ’re beneficial . ”
Studies have shown that naturally occurring fiber , which nutrition experts call dietary fiber , can help reduce blood cholesterol levels , prevent constipation and reduce the risk of hemorrhoids and diverticulosis , which causes pouches to form in the large intestine .
This type of fiber comes from the parts of plants that are resistant to human digestive enzymes and may help people feel full , thereby aiding in weight loss .
Some studies have also linked a high dietary fiber intake to a reduced risk of colon cancer .
Dietary fiber comes in two forms -- one form dissolves in water , the other does n’t -- and both are found in fruits , vegetables , legumes , nuts and grains .
But these are foods that Americans just do n’t eat enough of anymore , says Mian Riaz , director of the Food Protein Research and Development Center at Texas A&M University in College Station .
Women younger than 50 need about 25 grams of fiber per day , and men younger than 50 need 38 grams ( the daily values are a few grams lower for adults older than 50 ) .
But on average , American women get about 13 grams and men 17 grams , according to a 2005 report by the Food and Nutrition Board of the Institute of Medicine .
Food manufacturers have striven to help consumers fill that gap , identifying and developing a variety of fiber sources to add to everyday foods .
Some of these fiber sources are manufactured in the lab ; maltodextrin and polydextrose , for example , are long chains of glucose and other molecules that are strung together .
They ’re considered fiber because , like naturally occurring fiber , they ’re resistant to digestion , says Mary Ann Johnson , professor of foods and nutrition at the University of Georgia in Athens and a spokeswoman for the American Society for Nutrition .
Other types of added fiber are called isolated fiber because they ’re undigestible material extracted from plants .
Inulin , commonly extracted from chicory root , is an example .
Other examples include soy hulls , oat fibers and sorghum fibers .
These isolated fibers perform some of the same functions as dietary fibers ; they can help prevent constipation and can make people feel more full after eating .
Because of this , they are sometimes called “ functional ” fibers , says Riaz , who is also a spokesman for the Institute of Food Technologists .
But they ’re not the perfect equivalent of fiber that ’s naturally found in foods , Riaz says .
“ They help , but not that much .
They do n’t have the same functionality of a whole grain . ”
That ’s because isolated or functional fibers lack the array of vitamins , nutrients , antioxidants and plant chemicals found in whole grains , fruits and vegetables and that are known to benefit health , says Jennifer Anderson , professor of food science and human nutrition at Colorado State University in Fort Collins .
According to Food and Drug Administration guidelines , a food can be labeled a “ good ” source of fiber if a serving contains at least 2.5 grams of fiber and “ high ” in fiber if a serving contains at least 5 grams .
Some breads and cereals billed as high in fiber get their fiber not from isolated or functional fibers but from whole grains , such as wheat bran , corn bran or whole grain oats .
To get a fiber source with the benefits of a whole grain , Nelson recommends looking for the word “ bran ” on the ingredient list .
She also recommends looking for a product with familiar - sounding ingredients , as opposed to hard - to - interpret chemical names .
“ Do n’t just look at the number [ of fiber grams ] or the health claims , ” Nelson says .
“ Dig down into the ingredients . ”
Better yet , says Johnson , get as much dietary fiber as possible from whole foods .
“ People may want something more convenient , ” Johnson says , but “ getting back to whole foods is really the best way to go . ”
health@latimes.com
SYDNEY , Australia ( JTA ) — Israelis living in New Zealand were found to be posing as Maoris for a local tour operator .
Discovery Heritage Group conceded Tuesday that it had hired Europeans and Israelis to pose as Maori for passengers disembarking from ships at the port of Tauranga on New Zealand ’s north island .
Maori are the indigenous Polynesian people of New Zealand .
The Maori impersonators dressed up in traditional robes and had fake Maori tattoos painted on their faces because some of the Maori are “ too lazy to get out of bed , ” local media quoted Terina Puriri , the director of the Discovery Heritage Group , as saying .
The group has been banned from operating at the port because of the breach of security .
The Israelis and other Maori impersonators danced the traditional haka and asked disembarking passengers if they wished to pose for a photo with an indigenous New Zealander .
Puriri , who is Maori , was reported as saying that “ some of our Maori are too slack to promote themselves … some of our Maori are too lazy to get out of bed to do that . ”
But HuiKakahu Kawe , the chairman of the local Maori tribe , was reported as saying , “ We have Maori operators that are operating successfully in the tour business who do get up in the morning and do the business . ”
Puriri said critics should “ relax ” and “ stop splitting hairs , ” the Associated Press reported .
Genres have been spilling over into foreign territory for about as long as those distinctions have been identifiable .
Many genres were conceived almost entirely by patching together different ideas and mechanics from other games .
I am convinced , however , that this has become a more prolific trend in the current generation .
As the popularity of online role playing games increased exponentially over the last decade , so has interest in what makes them so popular .
The idea that progression is the cornerstone that keeps people playing has caught on with developers across the full spectrum of gaming genres .
It ’s become so popular to inject some kind of RPG element into a game that I ’m hard pressed to think of a genre that remains complete unaffected .
For better or worse , everything from Puzzle Quest to Call of Duty is feeling this familiar touch .
So which is it — better or worse ?
I first took notice of this trend way back in 2005 when DICE released their immensely popular Battlefield 2 .
In this example we have a game that not only changed its franchise forever , but made a huge splash with other developers and gamers alike .
Battlefield 2 combined elements of several genres , and perhaps more than any other aspect , this made it exceedingly interesting .
Here is a game that is no more than the sum of its parts , yet it remains undeniably brilliant .
It took bits from real - time strategy and blended them with intense infantry and vehicle action , and for the first time in the history of the franchise , it took a page from the RPG .
Battlefield 2 did n’t berate us with perks and skill points , but it did introduce us to the idea that time could translate into new gear in the form of unlockable weapons .
It ’s hard ( for me ) to say if Battlefield 2 was better or worse for introducing this concept to its fan - base .
Other games in other genres have since attempted the same thing , and with limited success .
One example that comes to mind is Namco ’s Soul Calibur , which has had a “ special ” game mode since its third entry .
In this mode , gamers can equip their custom characters with a variety of weapons , armor , and items that change how their character performs .
This inherently breaks the base game balance , and as such has been largely rejected by the hardcore audience that still follows 3D fighters .
It ’s hardly surprising that they would attempt to broaden their audience , since it ’s no secret that fighters have faded in popularity , but it ’s an important distinction that they did not alter the core experience .
Like Soul Calibur fans , the most hardcore Battlefield 2 players also rejected this model , opting to use a modified version of the games base weapons in competition .
Likewise , almost every new competitive FPS title has been stripped down and modified for competition , favoring a more simple approach to game balance .
This is the area , that in my opinion , warrants concern .
There ’s nothing wrong with adopting elements from massively multiplayer online role playing games where it most fits , but when you venture into the realm of competition gaming you ’re treading into dangerous waters .
Some games have handled these elements more competently than others , but I ’m not convinced that they belong in truly competitive games at all .
Fans of games like Team Fortress 2 will tell you that it ’s brilliantly balanced , even after each of the admittedly fantastic class updates .
But it ’s important to note that what works in public play with an undefined number of players of equally undefined skill may not work in actual team play .
Thus even the wonderfully handled Team Fortress 2 is subject to changes in the world of clan play .
And please , do n’t give me that “ rock , paper , scissors ” nonsense ; this basic model of balance only works because of its simplicity .
The more type of “ rocks ” you add to the equation will almost certainly make balance give way to exploitative gameplay .
If progression makes the classic FPS gameplay that many of us ( still ) love that much more difficult to properly balance , what is it worth ?
If developers are trying to increase interest among the uninitiated , perhaps they can start by trying to implement those ideas without losing sight of what has kept their most dedicated fans so loyal for so many years .
I do n’t want this to turn into another Modern Warfail 2 rant , but I think it ’s an important landmark in the trend , and has set many fans up for disappointment .
The simple act of removing mod tools , along with the much discussed dedicated server issue , has made it a bit of a joke among competitive players .
Gone are the days of “ promod , ” and the only option you have is to play it their way .
If Infinity Ward are so insistent on improving the variety of our experiences , they do n’t have to do it at the expense of the experience that many of us already love .
It really is that simple .
If they do n’t want to provide a good “ back to basics experience , ” they could at least continue to provide the tools that allow us to do that for ourselves .
Now , I ’m not here to rain on the RPG parade .
I do n’t think that it ’s clearly a bad thing that FPS games are beginning to adopt more and more from other genres .
I actually believe that the combination of RTS elements into this genre is largely under -explored .
That ’s what makes indy titles like Natural Selection 2 , and ( hopefully ) Nuclear Dawn so appealing , and it ’s the reason that despite the awesome looking Bad Company 2 on the horizon , we ’re still all really waiting for Battlefield 3 .
On the other hand , the adoption of RPG mechanics into the genre is anything but under -explored .
Practically every new release into the genre , be its focus on single or multiplayer , is entrenched in progression more typical of World of Warcraft than Quakeworld .
These trends have had tremendously positive and negative effects on the genre .
It ’s all about a healthy balance , and the key world will always be balance .
Most recently I ’ve been enjoying my first romp through the world of Borderlands , and such a title would not be possible without components of both genres spilling over that line .
Hell , the entire game is basically a patchwork quilt of other peoples ideas ( I think Cortana told me that I ’m looking for the vault from Fallout 3 , but I ’ll have to ask the dysfunctional robot from Invader Zim ) .
Regardless of originality , games like Borderlands and Bioshock have increased my enjoyment of the genre , especially in terms of the solo experience — it ’s just becoming hard to tell where one genre ends and the other begins .
The basic message I hope you take away from this exploration is that there ’s an audience for a more classic approach to multiplayer that will be largely unfulfilled in the future if this trend continues to dominate the first person shooter genre .
It ’s my hope that developers will continue to deliver hybrid experiences without giving up on the classic concepts that have made this such a successful genre in the first place .
Remember : Counter Strike and Quake did n’t need progression to remain popular for more than a decade !
Incoming search terms :
We have reached a defining moment in the global battle against climate change , and the role of the public is now more crucial than ever .
There are now less than 100 days until the United Nations climate change conference in Copenhagen in December , which my colleague Nicholas Stern , the former head of the UK Government Economic Service and author of the Stern review has described as " the most important international meeting since the second world war " .
A strong international agreement on climate change can still be achieved at Copenhagen , which would set the world on a path that avoids the huge risks from " business as usual " emissions of greenhouse gases .
But many significant hurdles remain which could prevent a treaty for action on mitigation and adaptation .
Agreement will only be possible if political leaders begin to focus now on the task of agreeing measures that will reduce emissions , while ensuring sustainable , low - carbon economic growth .
The conference will be a failure if politicians are too distracted by other issues , such as the global downturn .
Recession may be significant now , but it does not pose long - term risks to people 's prosperity and well - being in the same way as climate change .
Hence public pressure on political leaders to concentrate on reaching an agreement that can make a real impact .
But that is not all people can do to increase the chances of success in Copenhagen .
They can also demonstrate firm support for constructive , far - sighted domestic measures to tackle climate change as well .
UK policies on climate change are now guided by the recommendations by the Committee on Climate Change , which has charted a route for reducing the nation 's emissions by at least 80 % by the middle of this century .
At present , the UK emits the equivalent of 11.6 tonnes of carbon dioxide per head of population each year .
By 2050 , that figure needs to be cut to about two tonnes per head .
This is the UK 's most important long - term challenge .
The Committee on Climate Change calculates that the UK can reach its target cost - effectively if it reduces emissions at an average rate of two or three per cent each year , over the next four decades .
The 10:10 campaign could provide a big first step towards the target if it persuades many people to cut their annual emissions by 10 % next year .
In a survey of European countries carried out earlier this year , 77 % of UK respondents claimed to have personally taken actions aimed at helping to fight climate change , a higher proportion than for any country except Sweden .
This is despite the fact that 40 % thought that climate change is " an unstoppable process " .
These results suggest that the overwhelming majority of the public will take at least some action to tackle climate change , even if many do not believe that the scientific evidence is beyond reasonable doubt .
Public support for domestic climate change policies will perhaps provide the strongest impetus for political leaders ahead of Copenhagen .
They are no doubt aware that a low - carbon economy would provide many new opportunities and benefits , without suffering the crippling economic and social consequences of climate change from current emissions .
But they also recognise that changing our current high - carbon economy will involve initial costs and difficult choices for taxpayers and consumers .
There is a danger that the small but vocal minority , who perceive their short - term vested interests to be best served by maintaining the high - carbon status quo , will frame the public debate only in terms of these initial costs .
Instead we need a strong and vigorous public discussion about how best to promote future prosperity and well - being , not just for us now , but for our children and future generations as well .
If the leaders of developed nations such as the UK can make strong and credible commitments on climate change , based on well - informed domestic policies with solid public backing , then there is a very good chance of success in Copenhagen .
A huge show of popular support , together with vigorous public action in cutting emissions , should empower our political leaders to reach a wise and visionary agreement .
• Bob Ward is policy and communications director at the Grantham Research Institute on Climate Change and the Environment at London School of Economics and Political Science .
• Sign up for 10:10 at www.1010uk.org
Clojure 1.1 RC1 is out - now 's the time to give it a spin and report any issues before the final release .
The work is done on the Clojure 1.1 branch on GitHub , a binary package of Clojure 1.1 RC1 is available at Google Code .
There is also a continous integration server watching and building Clojure branches .
The Changes file for 1.1 list the differences to Clojure 1.0 , such as the issues closed before 1.1 .
There are also a few big new features that will allow to optimize the performance of Clojure programs .
Transients can significantly improve performance when building up persistent data structures .
Persistent data structures are an important element of Clojure , eg. as the concept behind Clojure 's Vectors , Maps and Sets ( see Clojure creator Rich Hickey 's talk on persistent data structures )
In short , persistent data structures are immutable ; the only way to modify them , by insertion or removal , is to create a new copy of the data structure .
But there 's a trick : the internal organization of the persistent data structure and the fact that all the items are immutable , allows to share all of the data and most of the structure , thus creating the copy will only have a small overhead .
Despite the small overhead for copies , there are situations when its necessary to insert a lot of elements into a data structure .
Transients are the solution .
In short , the idea is to turn a persistent data structure into a transient before a series of modifications ; the call transient achieves that .
The transient version of the data structure supports the same access functions as the persistent version , but for modification , it 's necessary to use different functions suffixed with a " ! " , eg. conj !
( instead of conj ) .
One way to think of the relationship between persistent data structures and their transient versions is the relationship between a java.lang .
String and a java.lang .
StringBuilder ; one is immutable and changes to it cause the creation of a new copy , the other allows for in - place modification .
That 's where the similarities stop , however .
First off , creating a StringBuilder means copying the contents of the String , an O ( n ) operation .
Turning a persistent data structure in its equivalent transient is cheap : an O ( 1 ) operation ; it 's done by creating a new object for the transient , which contains a new root object for the data structure , with a flag that marks it as a transient ; no data copying happens .
Once the work is done and the transient data structure needs to become persistent , a similar O ( 1 ) operation makes it happen .
But why is it even necessary to turn the transient data structure back into a persistent one ?
Would n't it be possible to use the transient indefinitely ?
No - transient data structures have one important restriction : they can only be used from one thread .
The reason is simple : since the transient is mutable , using it from different threads would be dangerous and require synchronization .
Persistent data structures make it simple to share data structures across threads ; transients allow one thread to modify a data structure in place - and then make it accessible to other threads by turning it back into a persistent data structure .
Chunked Sequences are another optimization in Clojure 1.1 .
For a quick overview see slides from Rich Hickey 's talk on chunked sequences ( PDF Warning ) .
The basic idea behind chunked sequences is to cut down on the overhead introduced by ( lazy ) sequences .
Lazy sequences are used throughout Clojure and allow delaying doing work until it 's absolutely necessary .
In some cases most of the work is never done , eg. this code :
( take 10 ( range 1 1000000000000 ) )
range creates a lazy sequence that generates all the numbers in the given interval ; take asks the sequence 10 times for the next element .
With the lazy approach , 10 numbers are requested and only 10 are calculated .
The іmplementation uses the lazy - seq macro ( in core.clj ) , which allows to write the code concisely .
The problem : accessing the next element in the lazy sequence has some management overhead .
Chunked sequences aim to reduce the overhead by generating chunks of elements at a time and buffering the values ; the chunk size is 32 , which means the per-step overhead is only paid every 32 elements .
Another way to use optimize sequences with chunked sequences is to exploit the organization of a data structure .
A persistent vector , for instance , is organized as a tree , where 32 element arrays carry the data .
To access an element , it 's necessary to walk the tree to find the array that holds the element .
A primitive sequence that would always use an index to access the next element would incur the cost for walking the tree at every access .
The chunked sequence implementation of persistent vector avoids this : it finds the 32 - element array where the sequence starts and can then serve each of these 32 elements quickly with a simple array access ; walking the tree is only necessary after 32 elements have been accessed and the next tree node needs to be fetched .
It remains to be seen how chunked sequences are received ; they obviously have advantages , but as the Clojure 1.1 Changes file points out :
Consumption of chunked - seqs as normal seqs should be completely transparent .
However , note that some sequence processing will occur up to 32 elements at a time .
This could matter to you if you are relying on full laziness to preclude the generation of any non-consumed results .
An interface to force single - item consumption of chunked seqs is still being designed .
Please share any use cases where chunked processing has resultedin behavioral differences that matter to you on the Clojure google group .
There are more features in Clojure 1.1 , for more information see the Clojure 1.1 Changes file .
For more information on Clojure check the InfoQ Clojure tag .
Rich Hickey 's talks are highly recommended , eg. Persistent Data Structures and Managed References .
InfoQ also features a video interview with Rich Hickey taped at QCon London 2009 .
Independent mountain walking holidays in the Eastern Rhodopes
Flexible | independent | spectacular
A mountain walking holiday at Melanya gives our guests a good selection of easy strolls and advanced hikes .
The tracks and paths in the mountains offer gentle meandering climbs through ancient villages and forests while more experienced mountain walkers have the option of leaving the beaten track to explore the acres of rugged terrain surrounding the house .
Your day can be as simple as picking a peak and heading for it .
Guests with mountaineering or climbing experience will discover a good selection of challenges within walking distance of ' base camp ' together with the opportunity to take a trip by Land Rover to higher peaks for some stunning views .
One of the favourable aspects of a mountain walking holiday at Melanya is the intimacy of the Rhodope Mountain range itself .
This intimacy is reflected by the vast array of animals , birds and plants that all thrive in this environmental reserve .
Walkers who tread lightly will be rewarded with sightings of deer , wild boar and rare birds of prey .
Many travel to the Rhodopes for birdwatching holidays in the mountains .
Update from 2013 : this post was written in 2009 .
While the statements it made about Chrome were true then , Chrome today is a much different project .
Iron claims to be a " privacy - oriented " fork of Chrome , which removes a bunch of pieces that the Iron author claims are privacy invasive .
In the abstract this is a thing I 'd support — nothing like some publicity to put pressure on the project to be more careful about user privacy — but when you look at the details it kinda falls down .
Right when we first came out our IRC channel was flooded with hundreds of curious people , and for posterity 's sake I logged it .
( It 's now logged by a third party . )
It turns out the log of September 19 , 2008 is interesting to look back on .
That link is to the unmodified file that my IRC client produced , but since you 're unlikely to want to read through it all ( search for " Iron " if you 'd like ) , I 'll summarize the interesting bits .
( For context , I am " evmar " in that log , and the usernames with a + before their names are Chrome developers . )
Someone with the nick of " Iron " joins the channel and announces they 're making a fork of Chrome .
They ask some semi-legal questions about how to advertise it , which we can't answer .
They ask some technical questions , like how to change the name of the browser that shows up in the executable , which kuchhal nicely helps them with .
Then there 's this exchange ( reformatted to remove timestamps and add line wrapping ) : < Kmos > Iron : why not contribute to it , instead of forking ?
< Iron > because i removed all privacy - related code < Iron > e.g. RLZ < Iron > and URL tracking every 5 seconds after start < Iron > the original chrome is heavily communitating to google ... i hate that < jamessan > all of those are supposed to have options to disable them , iirc < Iron > yes but they have n't options yet < Iron > and nobody knows when the next beta is released < jamessan > so work on getting the options added so they 'll be there for the next release < mgreenblatt >
Iron .. why not propose a patch based on preprocessor defines that disables the sections you dislike without forking the code ?
< mgreenblatt > ( assuming such a thing does n't already exist ) < Iron > because a fork will bring a lot of publicity to my person and my homepage < Iron > that means : a lot of money too ;) < Kmos > rotflol < Iron > what means rotful ?
< mgreenblatt > Iron .. you 're a large corporation that can dedicate the time to support a fork of something as complicated as chromium ?
< Kmos > Iron : google about it < Iron > yes there is enough time to support it < jamessan > heh , you 're expecting to make lots of money from making a fork of chromium ?
that 's quite amusing < Iron > i dont take money for my fork < Iron > but i have adsense on my page ;) < Iron > a lot of visitor -> a lot of clicka > a lot of money ;) < Kmos > and do you think google should support your fork < Kmos > lol < mgreenblatt >
Iron .. it 's always good to have dreams ;-) < Iron > we are here in germany < Iron > the press will love my fork < Iron > i talked to much journalists already < DrPizza >
Why are you forking ?
< DrPizza > to do what ?
< Iron > to remove all things in source talking to google ;) < jamessan > to get fame and fortune < Iron > nobody here trusts google < Iron > the german people say : google is very evil < jamessan > yet you use google 's adsense
Then follows a bunch of " Google is evil " conversation which you 've heard before .
( And a rather strongly - worded flame from DannyB about the above , which I 'll skip for brevity . )
This sort of non-technical discussion is frowned upon in our development channel , so he's then more or less told to go away ( surprisingly politely , in retrospect ) .
( Now , it 's possible ( but highly unlikely ) this is n't the eventual author of Iron , but in some sense that 's irrelevant to the two meta - points : ( 1 ) if you do n't trust Google to not do something sneaky , you probably should n't be running software made by Google , and ( 2 ) why would you trust code from some random third party more ? )
Furthermore , the " URL tracking " mentioned both on IRC and on the Iron website refers to the GoogleURLTracker class .
This unforutnately - named class figures out whether to use google.com or google .es for searches from the URL bar , and does not in any way do any sort of spyware URL monitoring .
This is obvious to anyone who can read code , and should be obvious to anyone technical enough to produce a product like Iron .
At this point I can't believe they 're doing anything other than being intentionally misleading .
The header plainly says as much , and also :
// To protect users ' privacy and reduce server load , no updates // will be performed ( ever ) unless at least one consumer registers // interest by calling RequestServerCheck ( ) .
Which , you can easily verify , is only ever called if you 're using Google as your default search engine , which Chrome does n't even use by default ( Chrome asks you what search engine to use the first time you install ) .
This serves as a good example of the sort or significant effort we 've put in to make Chrome be privacy - conscious and Google - independent .
Half of the bullet points on the Iron " feature " page are options that can be turned off in a clearly - marked " Privacy " section of the Chrome options , and the other half are misunderstandings like this one .
( Edit : I am biased here towards Linux Chrome ; Windows Chrome does not make it obvious how to remove the updater nor RLZ .
I will hopefully find time to post about those some other time . )
So where does that leave users ?
I think there is a space for a privacy - conscious browser : a " portable " one that starts in Incognito mode , that integrates
Tor or some other proxying system , one that defaults some features that trade privacy for convenience off — but I am highly skeptical the Iron developer is the person able to produce such a thing .
In fact , I think that browser could be Chrome , if someone would contribute patches for it ( there 's an incognito - at - startup flag already , I believe ) instead of needlessly forking for shady reasons .
( Edit :
It is negligent for me not to point out the reportedly excellent Torbutton extension for Firefox , which is probably your current best bet in this space . )
Petrovich - Nataliya / Shutterstock
We give kids lots of sugar
“ We put sugar in our kids ’ meals so kids will like them more .
Seriously .
We even put extra sugar in the dough for the kids ’ pizzas . ”
— Waitress at a well - known pizza chain .
Want to avoid waiters altogether ?
Visit the best buffets in all 50 states .
BUY NOW
Order it securely , easily and quickly through www.paypal.com
Mexico ’s armed forces were busy over the holiday season .
On December 16th , in what must have seemed to bystanders like the longest barrage of machine - gun fire ever directed at a single target , members of the Mexican Navy ’s Special Forces killed Arturo Beltrán Leyva , a major trafficker .
This past weekend , with much less fanfare , the police arrested one of Arturo ’s brothers , Carlos .
In his mug shot one notices his shirt , which is made of an exquisite , nearly gossamer fabric , and the frightening rage in his dark eyes .
The Beltrán Leyvas got their start as hired guns for the most notorious of the Mexican drug traffickers , Joaquín Guzmán , better known as el Chapo , or “ Shorty , ” and eventually became Guzmán ’s business associates .
Arturo Beltrán Leyva — who , according to press reports , was known variously as the Beard , White Boots , or Death — was the head of the family .
When one of his brothers , Alfredo , was arrested in early 2008 , Arturo accused Shorty Guzmán of having turned him in .
Soon after , Guzmán ’s eldest son , Edgar , known as el Chapito , was shot dead with an AK - 47 in the parking lot of a shopping mall , and it was widely assumed that his execution was ordered by Arturo Beltrán Leyva .
The resulting split between the Guzmáns and the Beltráns set off several deadly turf wars and earned Arturo in particular a reputation for grotesque bloodthirstiness .
Arturo ’s own death and the imprisonment of two of his brothers was a major coup , and President Felipe Calderón , who has been pressed for good news , can legitimately claim a victory in the war against the drug trade he inaugurated on coming to office three years ago .
Whether that victory will have any lasting impact on the volume of drugs being bought and sold , or , for that matter , if there is any point to the so - called war on drugs , are different questions .
By certain measures , the drug traffickers could be said to be winning the war ; they have certainly become an integral part of the Mexican landscape .
Arturo Beltrán had been living undisturbed in Cuernavaca before his death .
The Navy was called in for the assault on the luxury apartment building where he was staying because the Army was so infiltrated by traffickers that it could not be relied on to keep the operation secret .
Before Arturo ’s brother Carlos was arrested , he had been driving around his home state of Sinaloa unmolested and undisguised — even though Sinaloa has been under intensive Army and security patrol for three years .
The archbishop of the state of Durango has been complaining since last April that el Chapo himself is often in residence at a ranch north of the state capital .
For his pains , all the bishop got was a fright at a highway checkpoint set up by unidentified men .
Even the manner of Arturo Beltrán Leyva ’s death revealed how the drug culture has penetrated law enforcement .
A leaked series of photographs showed masked men in civilian dress lifting the trafficker ’s bullet - ridden corpse to strip it .
In the next photo , the naked body is lying on the floor .
The medallions and jewelry he wore in life are photographed on his bloodied chest .
Finally , in a compelling and revolting drug - world - style display , the corpse is entirely covered in blood - stained money .
The government will now never be able to establish to the public ’s satisfaction whether Beltrán Leyva died in the course of a shoot - out , or was simply executed .
( The finger - pointing following the photographs ’ publication had not ended as of this writing . )
Early last year , a member of the Michoacán trafficking group La Familia called a local television station during its prime - time newscast , identified himself as Servando Gomez Martinez , a.k.a. la Tuta , and ranted for a while .
In addition to the threats and bouts of self - pity , he had a message : the government of Felipe Calderón should halt its war against the drug trade and negotiate .
Did n’t President Calderón realize , la Tuta said , that no matter how many traffickers might be killed tomorrow — even if he or everyone was killed — more traffickers would spring up to take their place the following day ?
What was missing from la Tuta ’s diatribe was the fact that that , no matter who replaced him , no one could give him back his own life .
But he was right on the other count : Yesterday ’s successfully eliminated clandestine route ( through the Caribbean , say , in the late nineteen - eighties ) was replaced by a fresh one ( through Mexico , in this case ) , and today ’s dead trafficker will be replaced by tomorrow .
Far more countries are being damaged by trafficking than when Richard Nixon launched his war on drugs forty years ago .
What it adds up to , at best , is a tug - of - war .
Meanwhile , we are left with Calderón ’s holiday victory ; the image of Beltrán Leyva ’s money - plastered corpse ; and the certainty among frightened Mexicans that the death of a drug kingpin will lead to bigger , more violent turf wars in the weeks to come .
Category : Beginners
Welcome to the maemo.org wiki for beginners .
The wiki category Users is divided into two subcategories : Beginners ( this page ) and Power users .
This subcategory is targeted toward people who are new and those who do n't want to tweak their devices .
It is a supplement for the user manual that hopefully will help with little problems .
If you are looking for a basic description of Maemo and the Maemo community ( maemo.org ) and what it can do for you ( and what you can do for it ) , see Maemo basics .
If you would like a walk - through of the programs and features of your N900 device , Maemo5 101 is the place to go next .
NO ARTICLES THAT REQUIRE TERMINAL USAGE ARE ALLOWED IN THIS CATEGORY
Whether making your own lens hood to create custom bokeh , breathing like a sniper to get a blur - free photo , or angling your body to look the best in pictures , we shared some great photography hacks this year .
Advertisement
Software and Photoshop tricks are great , but they 're a poor substitution for doing things in - camera .
Over the last year we shared a variety of hacks for taking better photos , looking better in photos , and ways to get professional results without spending your rent money on camera accessories .
Advertisement
What 's a bokeh you say ?
It 's that oh - so - wonderful fuzziness in the background of photographs with a shallow depth of field and accompanying starry highlights .
You can create you own bokeh effects with a little craftiness .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
We live in a culture of oversharing , so odds are someone , somewhere will be snapping and posting photos taken of you at various events .
To help ensure you look your best , heed where you position your tongue .
Advertisement
People often lament that they " just missed it ! " upon seeing they failed to capture a pivotal moment in the action .
You can avoid missing the action by treating your still camera like a video camera .
Advertisement
You have a camera and a willing subject , but you 're not sure how to break your portraits out of the flat blandness that plagues many snapshots .
Avoid boring compositions with these tips .
Advertisement
Many a photography enthusiast has assumed the equipment necessary is far too expensive for quality high speed photography captures .
A high speed capture studio on the cheap can be had with this handy guide .
Advertisement
Making abstract wallpaper and gorgeous slow - exposure shots does n't require a bunch of design apps or photography lessons .
Learn how to literally toss your camera to make abstract light art .
Advertisement
Whether you head 30 or 3000 miles away , you 'll want to bring back great photos of your vacation .
The New York Times posts questions and answers on how to achieve great vacation photos .
Advertisement
Taking a good self - portrait is both a handy skill and a way to expand your photographic repertoire .
Save your next profile picture from the camera - held - at - arms - length cliche with these tips .
Advertisement
DIY web site Instructables details how to make an image stabilizing unit to supplement your steady hand using a tennis ball and a few nuts and bolts .
Advertisement
Daytime photo tricks do n't always translate when you 're trying to capture the perfect night shot .
The Photography Bay web site outlines tips for taking a stellar post - sunset shot without relying on a tripod or expensive flash system .
Advertisement
When the camera comes out , a lot of people instinctively declare that they look awful in pictures .
Learn how to be more photogenic and put your best face forward .
Advertisement
Steady hands are critical to taking low light photographs .
Breath like a sniper to make sure you snap the shot when your hand is least jittery .
Advertisement
If the DIY Fiber Optic Ring Flash we wrote about required too many specialist parts for your taste , check out this much simpler remix .
The construction is easy and done with common household items .
DIY Fiber Optic Ring Flash Ring flashes fit around the barrel of a camera lens to provide an even and diffused light — and they …
Read more
Advertisement
Advertisement
Photography is a creative art , no doubt , but creative does n't mean doing everything willy - nilly however you want .
Use these basic rules of composition to give your photos an extra boost of visual appeal .
Advertisement
Beauty dishes are great flash modifiers for portrait photographs , but even a cheap model will set you back at least $ 100 .
Skip it — a surprisingly effective DIY beauty dish costs less than $ 20 .
Advertisement
Gizmodo's John Mahoney explains how to take high dynamic range ( HDR ) photos so that the results of your photograph more accurately recreate what you were seeing when you snapped the shutter .
Advertisement
You do n't need a blockbuster budget to get high - quality light for your portraits .
By coaxing the sun to help in your photographic endeavors , you can create stunning portraits on a tiny budget .
Advertisement
Lightboxes are n't just for the professionals any longer .
Using them to illuminate your Craigslist and eBay listings can help make a sale , and amateur photogs can get professional - looking shots with one .
Create your own using K'nex and a little know how .
Advertisement
Panoramic software has come a long way toward making panoramic images child 's work .
Great software or not , there 's no substitution for good source material .
Take better panoramic pictures with these tips
Advertisement
Whether you 're interested in learning more about lighting to add to your photography skill set or you 're just curious how proper studio lighting works , this handy guide will provide some photo - enhancing insight .
Tilt - shift lenses create a great miniature effect on photographs of everyday things .
The problem ?
These specialized lenses are insanely expensive ( think $ 1,000 range ) .
This video from Make demonstrates how to make a DIY tilt - shift lens on the cheap .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Sunsets are one of nature 's more spectacular displays , and a good one is worth preserving with a photograph .
Take pictures that will capture the perfect dusk moment with these photography tips .
Advertisement
The right flash can make or break your shot .
Unfortunately , not all built - in flashes are created equal .
DIY web site Instructables demonstrates how to create a worthy on - the - spot flash diffuser using an empty cigarette packet .
Click to viewA high - end macro lens for your camera can easily run upwards of a thousand dollars , but you can make a super - simple macro lens for a few bucks out of old binoculars .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Have a favorite photography - related hack from 2009 that was n't featured here ?
Let 's hear about it in the comments .
The interactive projector that turns any surface into a Minority Report - style touch screen
Fed up of lugging a heavy laptop around ?
Soon you could be typing documents and browsing the web on any nearby surface with the aid of a pioneering pocket - sized projector .
An innovative British company called Light Blue Optics has created the Light Touch , which transforms any surface into a 10.1 in touch screen , reminiscent of the film Minority Report .
[ caption ]
The system uses holographic laser projection and infrared sensors to create a screen that supports multi- touch gestures , like many smart phones .
The device was unveiled by the Cambridge based company at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas .
Dr Edward Buckley was on hand to show off its impressive features , including games , photo galleries and a video player with the brightness of 15 lumens .
' With the photo application you can drag your pictures around into an order you like , view one by touching on it and also scroll through them .
It 's much like on an iPhone , ' he told reporters .
[ caption ]
Dr Buckley was even able to connect to his Twitter account online using the Light Touch 's Wi Fi connection .
Technology pundits at the show were surprised at how accurate the gadget was .
Thomas Ricker from engadget.com said : ' Despite our skepticism , we came away suitably surprised - impressed even .
' The touch sensitivity was far more accurate than we expected - so good that we were quickly typing out phrases on the QWERTY with few mistakes . '
How the holographic projector works Holographic refers to the novel method of projection used by the Light Touch .
A distorted version of the desired image is placed on a microdisplay using diffraction patterns ( the effective bending of light waves . )
When this is illuminated with a laser it projects the correct image outwards , remaining in focus at all distances .
It also works on curved surfaces .
This makes it far more flexible than Microsoft Surface that needs large touchscreen panels attached to surfaces .
Fiction to reality : Surface computers were imagined in the film Minority Report
It currently has 2 Gb of storage with SD card expansion .
Dr Buckley said the technology also had the capability of connecting to other devices such as MP3 players and phones .
' We are developing technology but we want to work with other companies to bring it to market , ' Dr Buckley said .
He said the device could be useful in restaurants , hotels and retail outlets to name a few .
Sign up for the “ In the Node ” Newsletter
For a while now we ’ve recommended our Newark and Atlanta datacenters to our European customers , which both have under 100 ms latency to the UK .
However , there is nothing better than having your services closer to you and your clients .
So today , we are proud to announce a brand new Linode deployment in London , England , UK !
This new deployment is located at Telecity Group ’s state - of - the - art Powergate facility ( tour ) with peering to many well connected providers including Deutsche Telekom , Interoute , Level3 , PCCW - BTN , Telia and Tiscali .
You can use our speedtest page to test latency and download speeds .
Our new London facility has immediate availability .
Please open a support ticket if you ’d like to migrate your existing Linode to London .
Alternatively , you can add a new London Linode to your account and clone your existing Linode to it .
When you remove your original Linode you will receive a prorated credit for the unused time .
In response to your requests for a European presence , we ’ve had this effort in development for many months and are extremely pleased to be able to go live today .
Blaming the recession for Ontario's record $ 24.7 billion budget deficit , Premier Dalton McGuinty admits his cash - strapped government is actively considering the sale of Crown assets like liquor stores , casinos and the electricity system .
Although he once campaigned against similar moves by previous Progressive Conservative administrations , McGuinty said Wednesday that changing his mind might be the " right thing to do . "
It would be the second time this year he 's done a major policy U - turn .
In March , he agreed to harmonize the provincial sales tax with the federal GST into the 13 per cent HST , which he once opposed .
" We 've got a responsibility to look at all our assets to make sure we 're getting the best bang for the buck and especially now in the context of a global recession and a significant deficit , " the premier told reporters .
" I 'm not scaring anybody .
Given the season , nobody wants to scare anybody . "
Reminded of his past opposition to the 1999 sale of Highway 407 for $ 3.1 billion as a " fire sale , " McGuinty replied : " Did I say that ? "
In fact , he criticized the sale in May 2003 , saying : " The Harris - Eves government sold the 407 at a fire sale price .
Not only did they sell out taxpayers who owned the highway , they sold out 407 users . "
McGuinty also opposed a Tory scheme to sell off Hydro One in 2002 .
" I will not move to privatization , " he pledged at the time .
Critics maintain asset sales bring money up front but forgo an ongoing revenue stream – $ 1.4 billion in the case of Ontario 's 610 Liquor Control Board of Ontario stores and , for example , $ 133 million in taxes paid by Ontario Power Generation alone .
" Look what happened with 407 .
We got the quick cash and now we 're paying for it through our noses day in and day out .
That 's the same thing that 's likely to happen , " warned NDP Leader Andrea Horwath , referring to fees on the GTA toll highway .
" There is absolutely no mandate this government has to sell off public assets , just like there was no mandate for the harmonized sales tax , and it 's disconcerting , " she said .
Progressive Conservative MPP Peter Shurman ( Thornhill ) blasted the Liberals for " a panic - driven fire sale strategy . "
" It 's not principled .
What it 's about is a $ 25 billion deficit of Dalton McGuinty 's creation , " said Shurman , labelling it another " broken promise " by the Liberals .
McGuinty countered that if voters do n't like what he 's doing they could toss him out of office in the 2011 election .
" People get to make a judgment . "
Finance Minister Dwight Duncan confirmed two investment banks were approached earlier this month to investigate selling public assets – even as he and Transportation Minister Jim Bradley attacked the Tories in the Legislature last week over the 407 debacle .
" We routinely look at the value of our assets .
There 's a considerable amount of public capital tied up in these assets , " Duncan said .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
" Are we getting an adequate return from our gaming operations ?
Are we getting an adequate return from the LCBO ? "
Duncan conceded he did not know the return on equity for the Ontario Lottery and Gaming Corporation or liquor stores , or what might be a more appropriate target .
The asset evaluation is the latest trial balloon from a government scrambling to find savings for the spring budget .
Earlier this fall , McGuinty considered " Dalton Days " – unpaid furloughs for civil servants – before rejecting the idea .
The premier said no one should jump to conclusions on the planned asset evaluation by CIBC World Markets and Goldman Sachs .
Added Duncan : " Even if you get to the point where you make the decision ... you may not get the deal you want .
You may not get a deal that 's good for taxpayers . "
The Liberals have yet even to sign any contract with the two investment banks so no review has actually begun .
With more than half the provincial budget dedicated to the government 's two priority areas of health care and education , it 's not surprising asset sales are under consideration , said Sandford Borins , a professor of strategic management at the University of Toronto 's Rotman business school .
" There 's not a lot left , " said Borins .
McGuinty has always adamantly opposed privatizing Ontario 's liquor monopoly and used to lambaste officials in the previous Conservative government whenever they mused about selling it .
In 2005 , the Liberals shelved a $ 600,000 report they commissioned , which recommended the selling off of the LCBO , just 30 minutes after a blue - ribbon panel submitted its findings .
Read more about :
Quantic Dream and Sony Computer Entertainment have not so shockingly launched a pre-release website for the upcoming film noir - esque Heavy Rain , complete with character information , screenshots , and flash player embedded loading screens .
What flavors the site ’s launch , however , is a supplemental murder mystery game that is open for everyone with a birth date high enough to access the site .
According to the site ’s description :
Four Days ’ is a live online mystery which plays out in real time across three weeks , beginning on January 26th .
You ’ll be able to get involved in the hunt for a killer – interacting with characters , identifying clues , making decisions .
Between Tuesday and Friday of each week there will be daily tasks for you to complete , or puzzles to solve .
Along the way , you may well discover some cool exclusive content – but just as importantly , you wo n’t find any spoilers that will ruin your experience of playing Heavy Rain itself !
The site as a whole , along with the Four Lives Challenge , can be accessed here .
Today 's White House jobs summit comes too late for millions of Americans who through no fault of their own have lost their jobs , their homes , their savings and , in many cases , the self - esteem and self - respect that come from work .
Like other presidents before him , Barack Obama inherited a recession .
But unlike them , he has made it worse , not better .
His failure to stem the unemployment tide should not have been a surprise .
With no experience whatsoever in the world of employment and business formation , he had no compass to guide his path .
Instead , he turned over much of his economic recovery agenda to House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , themselves nearly as inexperienced in the private sector as he .
Congress gave him and them everything they asked for , including a history - making three - quarters of a trillion dollar stimulus .
But it did little to stimulate the real economy – where jobs are created .
Studies , initiatives and programs that liberal think tanks had long pined for were given life even as the private economy was on life support .
The president 's team assured us that their massive stimulus would hold unemployment below 8 % .
So with unemployment now at 10.2 % , it is clear that their stimulus was a miscalculated failure .
In an attempt to disguise the truth , the administration has touted inflated figures of jobs " created .
" But every month , in good times and bad , jobs are created and jobs are lost .
What matters is the net difference between the two numbers .
Focusing solely on jobs created while ignoring the far greater numbers of jobs lost is Harry Houdini economics .
Growing government , as was done with the stimulus , inevitably depresses the private sector and job creation .
Shrinking government and reducing government jobs is healthier for the economy , but this option was never seriously considered .
That 's no wonder :
As White House guest logs for the first half of the year reveal , the most frequent visitor to the executive mansion was Andy Stern , the head of the Service Employees International Union , which represents government workers .
My 10 - point plan
The president 's economists insist that technically , the recession is over .
But double - digit unemployment was neither prevented nor has it ended .
To get people back to work as rapidly as possible and to restore America 's economic vitality , the nation must change course .
Here 's the advice I would give : • Repair the stimulus .
Freeze the funds that have n't yet been spent and redirect them to immediate , private sector job - creation priorities .
• Create tax incentives that promote business expansion and hiring .
For example , install a robust investment tax credit , permit businesses to expense capital purchases made in 2010 , and reduce payroll taxes .
These will reignite construction , technology and a wide array of capital goods industries , and lead to expanded employment .
• Prove to the global investors that finance America 's debt that we are serious about reining in spending and becoming fiscally prudent by adopting limits on non-military discretionary spending and reforming our unsustainable , unfunded entitlements .
These are key to strengthening the dollar , reducing the threat of rampant inflation and holding down interest rates .
• Close down any talk of carbon cap - and - trade .
It will burden consumers and employers with billions in new costs .
Instead , greatly expand our commitment to natural gas and nuclear , boosting jobs now and reducing the export of energy jobs and dollars later .
• Tell the unions that job - stifling " card check " legislation is off the table .
Laying new burdens on small business will kill entrepreneurship and job creation .
• Do n't allow a massive tax increase to go into effect in 2011 with the expiration of the 2001 and 2003 tax cuts .
The specter of more tax - fueled government spending and the reduction of capital available for small business will hinder investment and business expansion .
• New spending should be strictly limited to items that are critically needed and that we would have acquired in the future , such as new military equipment to support our troops abroad and essential infrastructure at home .
• Install dynamic regulations for the financial sector – rules that are up to date , efficient and not excessively burdensome .
But do not so tie up the financial sector with red tape that we lose a vital component of our economic system .
• Open the doors to trade .
Give important friends like Colombia favored trade status rather than bow to protectionist demands .
Now is the time for aggressive pursuit of opportunities for new markets for American goods , not insular retrenchment .
• Stop frightening the private sector by continuing to hold GM stock , by imposing tighter and tighter controls on compensation , and by pursuing a public insurance plan to compete with private insurers .
Government encroachment on free enterprise is depressing investment and job creation .
The 10 % unemployment crisis hangs like an albatross around President Obama 's neck .
Eventually , as with every recession and recovery , the economy will improve and jobs will be created , but those who were unnecessarily unemployed due to the president 's faulty economic program will not forget .
In order to most rapidly re-employ all Americans and to speed a strong recovery , the president must change course .
If he does not , Republicans will bring a change of their own to Washington in the 2010 elections .
Mitt Romney , former governor of Massachusetts , was a Republican presidential candidate last year .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
He said the government ’s claim that “ the detainees are held in a humane , safe and secure environment meeting international standards which are consistent with cultural and religious norms ” was also misleading because they do not have access to lawyers and their communication with the outside world is censored .
Tony Blair told the Chilcot inquiry , at the end of six hours of evidence this afternoon , that he had no regrets for Britain 's part in the Iraq war and its aftermath .
In a final statement before the hearing ended just after 5 pm , he said that his decision as prime minister had been a " huge responsibility " , adding : " There is not a single day that passes that I do n't think about it . "
But he insisted : " If we had left Saddam in power , even knowing what we know now , we would still have had to deal with him ... we have a completely new security environment today .
" I am sorry it was divisive and I tried my level best to bring people back together again .
If I am asked whether Iraq is better , I believe in time to come , if it becomes the country its people want to see , we can look back with an immense sense of pride . "
Blair was briefly interrupted by heckles from the public gallery , but continued : " I feel responsibility but no regret for removing Saddam Hussein .
I think he was a monster .
I believe he threatened not just the region but the world , and in the circumstances we faced it was better to deal with his threat and remove him from office .
The world is better as a result .
Blair insisted that conditions in Iraq had improved as a result of the occupation and repeatedly blamed Iran and al - Qaida for attempting to destabilise the British and American efforts to restore order .
He told the Chilcot inquiry in a robust defence of his government 's policy : " Nobody would want to go back to the days when they had no freedom , no opportunity and no hope .
We are in exactly the same position in Afghanistan .
You have got to be prepared for the long haul and prepared to stick it through to the end .
"
The former prime minister admitted that it would have been better for the allies not to have dismantled the Iraqi army after the 2003 war and professed himself shocked and angry to learn of the abuses of Iraqi prisoners at the Abu Ghraib detention centre , because it damaged the occupiers ' reputation .
In nearly six hours of questioning , Blair acknowledged few mistakes or regrets about his handling of the Iraq war and its aftermath .
He said outside forces – specifically al - Qaida and Iran – undermined British and American efforts .
Questioned about the number of casualties during the occupation – a rising toll year by year until 2007 – he retorted : " You have to ask who was doing the killing .
The coalition forces were not the ones , it was the terrorists . "
He said the allies could have handled " indigenous criminality " but : " People did not think that al - Qaida and Iran would play the role they did . "
The influence of Iran has been a recurrent theme of the former prime minister 's evidence today .
Earlier in the session Blair said that had the advice of Lord Goldsmith , the government 's attorney general , been that an invasion would be illegal the preparations for war would have been stopped in their tracks .
" If Peter ( Goldsmith ) had said this would not be justified lawfully , we would have been unable to take action ... a lot turned on that decision .
Therefore it was important that it was by the attorney general and done in a way which we were satisfied was right and correct . "
Blair denied that the armed services ' leadership was under - prepared or denied equipment for the war .
" I do n't think I refused a request for money or equipment at any time as prime minister , " he said .
" They regarded themselves as ready and they performed as ready .
They did an extraordinary job . "
The former prime minister robustly defended his decision to take Britain to war against Saddam Hussein in 2003 because he believed " beyond doubt " that Iraq had weapons of mass destruction .
He insisted that the joint intelligence committee 's assessments were consistently strong that Iraq had a WMD programme .
" It was at least reasonable for me at the time , given this evidence of what the JIC was telling me , that this was a threat I should take very seriously , " he said .
" All the intelligence we received was to the same effect .
There were people perfectly justifiably and sensibly also saying that you cannot sit around and wait ... you have got to take action clearly and definitively .
" I decided that this intelligence justified our [ understanding ] that Saddam continued to pose a significant WMD threat . "
Blair 's only concession was that tabloid headlines in the run-up to the war that Iraq had weapons it could deploy in 45 minutes should have been corrected by the government .
But he maintained that the figure only later took on a significance that had not been appreciated at the time .
He said he had sought to give the Bush administration the assurance that it would not act alone .
The absolute issue was weapons of mass destruction and that a brutal regime could not be allowed to develop them .
He told the inquiry : " It was right for us to be with America since we believed in this too . "
Blair argued that he had had differences with Bush : in persuading him that the Middle East peace process was linked to the terrorism process and he acknowledged that Britain had never believed that Saddam 's regime was linked to al - Qaida .
But he added that rogue regimes had the capacity to link up with terrorist organisations .
The former prime minister , now a Middle East peace negotiator , pointed repeatedly to Iran as posing a current threat to the region because of its willingness to assist terrorist organisations .
He told the inquiry : " When I look at the way Iran links up with terror groups , a large part of the destabilisation in the Middle East comes from Iran . "
" There are very strong links between terrorist organisations and states that will sponsor them .
There are those states , Iran in particular , which are linked to this extreme and misguided view of Islam . "
Earlier , the former prime minister opened his appearance before the Chilcot inquiry in London by stating that the government 's assessment of the scale of a terrorist threat changed dramatically after the al - Qaida attacks on the US on 11 September 2001 .
Looking trim and tanned , but greyer than when he was in office , Blair told the inquiry that after 9/11 the British and American view changed " dramatically " .
" Here 's what changed for me : the whole calculus of risk , " he said .
" The point about this terrorist act was over 3,000 people had been killed , an absolutely horrific event .
But if these people , inspired by this religious fanaticism could have killed 30,000 , they would have [ done ] .
" Those of us who dealt with terrorism by the IRA [ knew ] their terrorism was directed towards political purposes , it was within a framework you could understand .
That completely changed from that moment – Iran , Libya , North Korea , Iraq ...
All of this had to be brought to an end . "
Blair told the inquiry that prior to 9/11 the British and American policy of containing Saddam Hussein 's regime with " smart " sanctions had been worth trying , although there were holes in the way they were working .
He pointed out that his government 's first military action against Iraq had been taken in conjunction with Bill Clinton 's administration in 1998 .
" I would fairly describe our policy as doing our best , hoping for the best , but with a different calculus of risk assessment , " he said .
" We thought he was a risk , but we thought it was appropriate to contain it . "
The former prime minister avoided demonstrators outside the Queen Elizabeth Centre in Westminster , where the inquiry is being held , by being driven in early through a cordoned - off area at the back of the building .
At the start of the hearing at 9.30 am , inquiry chairman Sir John Chilcot warned members of the public attending not to interrupt and distract the session .
He also stated that Blair may be called back at a later stage to give more evidence .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Senate Democrats reached a compromise on Saturday with the last holdout senator that secured the 60 votes they need to pass a broad healthcare overhaul sought by President Barack Obama .
U.S. President Barack Obama makes a statement on health care and climate change at the White House in Washington December 19 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Yuri Gripas
A marathon negotiating session on Friday clinched an agreement with Democrat Ben Nelson ensuring federal funds would not be used to pay for abortions and providing extra Medicaid funds for his home state of Nebraska .
Nelson , a strong abortion rights opponent , had been the elusive 60th vote for the sweeping revamp , Obama ’s top legislative priority and the subject of intense political brawling for months .
“ Today is a major step forward for the American people , ” Obama said at the White House .
“ After a nearly century - long struggle we are on the cusp of making healthcare reform a reality in the United States of America . ”
Nelson ’s backing should secure victory for Democrats in the first of a series of crucial procedural votes scheduled to begin at 1 a.m. ( 0600 GMT ) on Monday and possibly conclude with final Senate passage on Christmas Eve .
“ It seems that way , ” Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid said when asked if Democrats had the 60 votes they need to muscle the bill through the Senate against unified Republican opposition .
If the Senate approves the bill , it must be melded with a version passed on November 7 by the House of Representatives and both chambers must approve it again before sending it to Obama for his signature .
Reid introduced a 383 - page amendment on Saturday making changes aimed at securing the last votes , including the abortion compromise and the dropping of a government - run public insurance option to appease moderates like independent Joe Lieberman .
The non-partisan Congressional Budget Office gave the revised bill a rosy review , saying it would cost $ 871 billion over 10 years and cut the federal deficit by $ 132 billion in the same period -- meeting Obama ’s cost target and goal of deficit reduction .
Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell , who has vowed to use every tool possible to delay the bill , forced the public reading of Reid ’s amendment .
That took more than seven hours on Saturday .
Afterward , Reid filed a series of procedural motions to bring debate to a close and set up a string of closing votes to begin early Monday .
The moves came during a rare Saturday session as a huge snowstorm slammed the U.S. capital , shutting down traffic .
‘ MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT ’
“ If they were proud of the bill they would n’t be doing it this way , ” McConnell told reporters .
“ They would n’t be jamming it through in the middle of the night on the last weekend before Christmas . ”
Obama has asked the Senate to finish by year ’s end to prevent the issue from spilling into the campaign for November 2010 congressional elections .
Opinion polls show the bill losing public support , with majorities now opposed to it .
The Senate bill would extend coverage to 30 million uninsured Americans , provide subsidies to help them pay for the coverage and halt industry practices like refusing insurance to people with pre-existing medical conditions .
Reid ’s amendment incorporates a variety of changes , from dropping the government - run public insurance option to adding non-profit health plans offered by private insurers and administered by a federal agency .
Other revisions take aim at insurance industry margins and taxes , including a cap on profits .
Still , insurers would see a delay to the bulk of new taxes and now they would be phased - in over time .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
Health insurance plans for large groups would have to spend at least 85 cents of every dollar on medical costs under the revisions , potentially crimping their profits .
The amendment dropped the bill ’s tax on elective cosmetic surgery and added a 10 percent tax on indoor tanning , a potential cause of cancer .
Also included is an increase in the bill ’s Medicare payroll tax from 0.5 percent to 0.9 percent on income over $ 200,000 for individuals and $ 250,000 for couples .
But much of Reid ’s focus had been on winning Nelson ’s support .
He and other abortion rights opponents feared the federal subsidies could be spent on plans covering abortion .
Nelson said the agreement would allow states to prohibit abortion coverage in the new insurance exchanges created under the bill and mandate that every state exchange include an insurance plan that does not cover abortion .
It would require payments for abortion coverage be made separately with private funds .
“ The plan that we ’ve put together here , that we have agreement on , in fact walls off that money in an effective manner , ” Nelson told reporters .
“ I would not have voted for this bill without these provisions . ”
He said he could drop his support if the abortion deal was altered in negotiations with the House of Representatives .
Reid defended the additional federal funds for Nebraska that will permanently pay for the bill ’s expansion of the Medicaid health program for the poor -- all other states have to start picking up the tab in 2017 .
“ That ’s what legislation is all about , ” Reid said .
“ It ’s compromise . ”
Democratic Senator Barbara Boxer , a strong supporter of abortion rights , told reporters she believed the compromise would adequately separate public and private funds for abortion coverage under the bill .
Advocates on both sides condemned the abortion deal .
Planned Parenthood called it “ a sad day when women ’s health is traded away for one vote . ”
Douglas Johnson , the legislative director for the National Right to Life Committee said , said the compromise “ solves none of the fundamental abortion - related problems with the Senate bill . ”
The House version of the healthcare bill includes stricter anti-abortion language .
The Senate rejected an amendment incorporating the language last week .
Items : 0 Subtotal : $ 0.00 Note : All prices in US Dollars
Search
Free Shipping in US .
Free Recipe E-Book With Every Order .!!
The HCG Weight Loss Program ....
" The Last Diet You Will Ever Need "
Lose up to 40 lbs. in 40 days ... Safely
In the United States today , over 60 percent of Americans are overweight or obese .
Do n’t become another statistic , let HCGOral.com help you shed the weight today !
We are a proud provider of the hCG diet plan , a weight loss diet program originally discovered by British endocrinologist Dr. A.T.W. Simeon , M.D. Today hCG weight loss supplements have been , and are being used successfully by thousands of health conscious individuals .
At hCG Oral , you will find valuable diet information to help you discover everything you need to know about our hCG drops , so you can keep your diet on the right track .
Our products have had no reported adverse side effects , and offer an ideal , as well as more effective , alternative to the hCG injections which require a prescription , needles and blood work .
To make your weight loss program as easy as possible we offer everything you will need to complete your protocol as well as a hCG recipe book full of hCG meal plans so you wont have to eliminate tasty and wholesome meals from your daily diet .
This website will give you all the informatiion you will need to educate you on this safe and effective HCG Diet Protocol .
For more information and answers to questions you might have go to our daily blog : www.yourhcgdietreview.com.
HCG ORAL DROPS
How does the hCG diet program work ?
This safe weight loss plan harnesses the power of the human chorionic gonadotrophin ( hCG ) hormone which reprograms your hypothalamus to allow your body to consume excessive fat deposits , while protecting lean muscle .
Studies have shown that within just 40 days of being on the liquid hCG diet , one can lose anywhere from 25 to 40 pounds and countless inches of their waist .
When you use hCG products you will experience the benefits of feeling more energized during your daily routine , enjoying more restful sleep at night , and ultimately help to eliminate the threat of weight loss related diseases .
Interested in buying several of our hCG supplements ?
Get them at discounted prices when you enroll in our Captain 's Program .
For more information about the hCG diet , as well as healthy lifestyle tips , please visit our blog , www.YourhCGDietReview.com.
Mutations are the raw material of evolution .
Charles Darwin already recognized that evolution depends on heritable differences between individuals : those who are better adapted to the environment have better chances to pass on their genes to the next generation .
A species can only evolve if the genome changes through new mutations , with the best new variants surviving the sieve of selection .
Scientists at the Max Planck Institute for Developmental Biology in Tübingen , Germany , and Indiana University in Bloomington have now been able to measure for the first time directly the speed with which new mutations occur in plants .
Their findings shed new light on a fundamental evolutionary process .
They explain , for example , why resistance to herbicides can appear within just a few years .
Their research appears in the Jan. 1 , 2010 issue of the journal Science .
" While the long term effects of genome mutations are quite well understood , we did not know how often new mutations arise in the first place , " said Detlef Weigel , director at the Max Planck Institute in Germany .
It is routine today to compare the genomes of related animal or plant species .
Such comparisons , however , ignore mutations that have been lost in the millions of years since two species separated .
The teams of Weigel and his colleague Michael Lynch at Indiana University therefore wanted to scrutinize the signature of evolution before selection occurs .
To this end , they followed all genetic changes in five lines of the mustard relative Arabidopsis thaliana that occurred during 30 generations .
In the genome of the final generation they then searched for differences to the genome of the original ancestor .
The painstakingly detailed comparison of the entire genome revealed that in over the course of only a few years some 20 DNA building blocks , so called base pairs , had been mutated in each of the five lines .
" The probability that any letter of the genome changes in a single generation is thus about one in 140 million , " explains Michael Lynch .
To put it differently , each seedling has on average one new mutation in each of the two copies of its genome that it inherits from mum and dad .
To find these tiny alterations in the 120 million base pair genome of Arabidopsis was akin to finding the proverbial needle in a haystack , says Weigel : " To ferret out where the genome had changed was only possibly because of new methods that allowed us to screen the entire genome with high precision and in very short time . "
Still , the effort was daunting :
To distinguish true new mutations from detection errors , each letter in each genome had to be checked 30 times .
The number of new mutations in each individual plant might appear very small .
But if one starts to consider that they occur in the genomes of every member of a species , it becomes clear how fluid the genome is :
In a collection of only 60 million Arabidopsis plants , each letter in the genome is changed , on average , once .
For an organism that produces thousands of seeds in each generation , 60 million is not such a big number at all .
Apart from the speed of new mutations , the study revealed that not every part of the genome is equally affected .
With four different DNA letters , there are six possible changes -- but only one of these is responsible for half of all the mutations found .
In addition , scientists can now calculate more precisely when species split up .
Arabidopsis thaliana and its closest relative , Arabidopsis lyrata , differ in a large number of traits including size and smell of flowers or longevity : Arabidopsis lyrata plants often live for years , while Arabidopsis thaliana plants normally survive only for a few months .
Colleagues had previously assumed that only five million years had passed by since the two species went their separate ways .
The new data suggest instead that the split occurred already 20 million years ago .
Similar arguments might affect estimates of when in prehistory animals and plants were first domesticated .
On a rather positive note , the results of the US - German team show that in sufficiently large populations , every possible mutation in the genome should be present .
Thus , breeders should be able to find any simple mutation that has the potential to increase yield or make plants tolerate drought in a better manner .
Finding these among all the unchanged siblings remains nevertheless a challenging task .
On the other hand , the new findings easily explain why weeds become quickly resistant to herbicides .
In a large weed population , a few individuals might have a mutation in just the right place in their genome to help them withstand the herbicide .
" This is in particular a problem because herbicides often affect only the function of individual genes or gene products , " says Weigel .
A solution would be provided by herbicides that simultaneously interfere with the activity of several genes .
Turning to the larger picture , Weigel suggests that changes in the human genome are at least as rapid as in Arabidopsis : " If you apply our findings to humans , then each of us will have on the order of 60 new mutations that were not present in our parents . "
With more than six billion people on our planet , this implies that on average each letter of the human genome is altered in dozens of fellow citizens .
" Everything that is genetically possible is being tested in a very short period , " adds Lynch , emphasizing a very different view than perhaps the one we are all most familiar with : that evolution reveals itself only after thousands , if not millions of years .
These unique , spaghetti- like kitchen cleaning scrubs from Goodbye Detergent !
are an eco-friendly alternative to cleaning and taking care of your cookware and appliances .
Each uniquely shaped , pliable scrub consists of natural abrasives made from corn cobs and peach pits .
There is no need for soap or cleaner since the abrasives are enough to do the trick .
All it needs is moistening with water and if you would like to use soap , just a tiny amount would suffice .
Share This Article
Share
Share Tweet
Tweet Pin
Pin Submit
Masatoshi Shimbo has always felt more than a bit paternal toward the changeling Roppongi district , the inner-city neighborhood where he grew up and his family made its real estate fortune .
But Roppongi often breaks his heart , over the decades turning from a U.S. servicemen ’s haunt into a respectable business district and then back to disrepute -- the gentle women in kimonos giving way to mobsters and drug dealers .
Good or bad , in this famously safe city , Roppongi stands out : elegant one block , seedy the next , a multicultural meeting spot known as Tokyo ’s most cosmopolitan dusk - to - dawn adult playground .
Through it all , Shimbo has fiercely gone to battle over Roppongi ’s reputation .
Now the 58 - year - old merchants association leader is facing a new challenge : bar touts .
Popping up sometimes five or six to a block , the mostly young men from Nigeria and other African nations have a particularly un-Japanese way of doing business .
In a country protective of its personal space , the hawkers sidle up to male foreigners , taking them in by the arm to suggest the charms of the scantily clad women waiting inside nearby hostess clubs .
Many take the bait of cheap drinks and casual sex -- and wind up with a headache the next morning .
Patrons have had their drinks spiked , then woozily regained consciousness hours later with no memory of the previous evening or knowledge of the thousands of dollars charged to their credit cards .
In an unprecedented move , the U.S. Embassy in Tokyo last year warned the 40,000 American citizens here to avoid Roppongi and its nearly 350 bars and clubs .
Without citing numbers , officials pointed to a “ significant increase ” in drink - spiking incidents .
“ The U.S. Embassy continues to receive reliable reports of U.S. citizens being drugged in Roppongi - area bars , ” the warning read .
“ Assaults on Americans have also been reported in connection with drink - spiking . ”
The July bulletin , which followed warnings by the British and Australian embassies , sent Shimbo into action .
Within days , members of the Roppongi Commerce Shop Owners Assn. met with U.S. officials and pledged steps to correct the problem .
“ I wish I could have told them there is n’t such a practice in Roppongi , ” said Shimbo , the group ’s vice chair .
“ But in reality , these things do go on here . ”
Roppongi ’s name translates into “ six trees , ” from the samurai families who lived here during feudal times .
After World War II , the area was a popular haunt for U.S. servicemen , and visiting military men still sometimes abound here .
When the economy was good , foreign - born stockbrokers and stock traders wandered out of their offices in the upscale Roppongi towers to spend their money here , attracting a parade of young , single Japanese women .
But Roppongi can also show a reckless , bad - boy side .
In 2004 , four foreign businessmen died after snorting cocaine that police said Roppongi dealers had mixed with heroin .
The area has also been the turf of yakuza .
For years , the Inagawa - kai , a major crime syndicate , has been based in Roppongi .
In 2007 , there was a mob hit in broad daylight nearby .
For years , Roppongi has also attracted countless foreign women lured by the prospect of making big money talking to customers in the area ’s numerous gentlemen clubs .
Lucie Blackman of Britain , a former flight attendant who worked in a Roppongi hostess bar , disappeared in 2000 and the remains of her dismembered body were found in 2001 .
“ The irony of Roppongi is that the rest of Japan feels so safe and suddenly you ’re in this unknown territory , ” said Clare Campbell , whose 2009 book , “ Tokyo Hostess , ” detailed Blackman ’s death .
“ You ca n’t assume that every place in Japan is safe , because it is n’t . ”
The bar touts began appearing a decade ago .
Slowly , their tactics have gotten more brazen , merchants say .
Shimbo ’s group began a night patrol five years ago to pick up street trash and erase graffiti , but now the volunteers spend much of their time observing the touts , reporting violations such as aggressive solicitation .
Merchants have posted signs warning against harassment of passersby and last year police made 28 arrests -- double from the year before .
But the touts wo n’t go away .
A tout who identified himself as Smithy , a Nigerian wearing a Scottish cap , denied that he harasses anyone .
“ I do not pull people into bars , ” he said .
“ They go in on their own free will . ”
Some visitors say that Tokyo police , in trying to bring order to the area , have harassed foreign bar patrons , searching them for drugs without proper cause , demanding urine samples .
“ Nowadays , everyone is a mark in Roppongi , ” said human rights activist Debito Arudou , who has written about police practices on his blog .
“ I do n’t like being made a mark of . ”
In an interview , a 31 - year - old American said his drink was spiked in a Roppongi bar last year .
He later learned of more than $ 10,000 in unauthorized charges to his credit card .
After going to a bar with two friends , the man ’s group was approached by two women .
The men bought a round of drinks .
The victim said he woke up the next morning , in his own bed , with blood on his shirt , the evening wiped from his memory .
The man , who said he did not want to give his name out of embarrassment , believes that Tokyo police were less than responsive to the case .
Authorities say there is too little evidence to act on .
“ I always avoided the area with the aggressive touts -- we called it the gantlet , ” said the man .
“ I never thought this would happen to me . ”
Shimbo wants to guard against such troubles .
So he and his volunteers say they will continue their nighttime patrols .
“ I love this neighborhood , ” he said .
“ I ’m not giving up . ”
john.glionna@latimes.com
Maybe I got it wrong .
During the presidential campaign I wrote columns blasting Sen. John McCain for siding with the big bankers on deregulation , citing his choosing ex-Sen .
Phil Gramm , currently a vice chairman of the Swiss - owned banking giant UBS , as his presidential campaign chair .
Barack Obama , on the other hand , repeatedly blasted Gramm and the Gramm - Leach - Bliley Act , which the Texas Republican had pushed through Congress , with President Bill Clinton ’s support — legislation that repealed the Glass - Steagall Act and radically deregulated the financial industry .
But now the roles are reversed , and it is McCain who , along with Sen. Maria Cantwell , D - Wash . , has sponsored a bill to repeal Gramm ’s legislation , while Obama seeks to preserve it .
The Gramm legislation , which permitted the merger of investment and commercial banks into too - big - to - fail corporations ( including Citigroup and AIG , two financial giants that had to be bailed out by taxpayers ) , was thought by Obama the candidate to be a key cause of the meltdown .
But as president he reappointed the Clinton - era officials who had sided with Gramm in ending sensible banking regulations that had protected the public for 70 years and made the U.S. banking system the envy of the world .
Rather than restore Glass - Steagall , the Obama - backed banking regulation bill passed last month by the Democratic majority in the House went along with the desire of Wall Street lobbyists to prevent the breakup of the big conglomerates and to block control of their massive trading in the derivatives that proved to be so toxic .
The result , with some deceptive reformist window dressing , is a pro-Wall Street business - as - usual cop-out , and the Senate version is likely to be more of the same .
Fortunately , there is a better way , and thanks to the McCain - Cantwell bill and a companion one authored by Rep. Maurice Hinchey , D - N.Y. , in the House , there is still a chance at serious financial regulation through the restoration of the key provisions of Glass - Steagall .
How odd that it now remains for McCain to stand up to the oversize banks .
“… I want to ensure that we never stick the American taxpayer with another $ 700 billion — or even larger — tab to bail out the financial industry , ” McCain proclaimed in introducing his legislation . “…
This country would be better served if we limit the activities of these financial institutions . ”
But just the opposite happened under the great bailout .
The big investment houses of Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley were allowed to suddenly attain the status of commercial banks in order to qualify for federal bailouts , and the once staid commercial Bank of America was encouraged by the Fed to buy out the investment house Merrill Lynch .
As a result , banking has never before been concentrated in so few hands .
As Rep .
Hinchey put it :
“ Today , just four huge financial institutions hold half the mortgages in America , issue nearly two - thirds of credit cards , and control about 40 percent of all bank deposits in the U.S.
In addition , the face value of over - the - counter derivatives at commercial banks has grown to $ 290 trillion , 95 percent of which are held at just five financial institutions .
We cannot allow the security of the American economy to rest in the hands of so few institutions . ”
Those derivatives , that hodgepodge collection of securitized debt — including mortgages of most American homes — are at the heart of the problem , and they are not regulated in any significant way by the legislation supported by the administration .
It ’s no wonder , since Lawrence Summers , the president ’s top economic adviser , was not only a key proponent of reversing Glass - Steagall in the Clinton White House but also supported the Financial Services Modernization
Act , passed a year later , that summarily exempted those suspect derivatives from any regulation .
Although Obama has blasted “ fat cat bankers on Wall Street , ” it is time for those who elected him to ask for more than rhetoric .
And to ask that of the Democratic leaders of the House , who refused to allow a vote on Hinchey ’s amendment to include the restoration of Glass - Steagall in their so - called Wall Street Reform Act .
Introducing it as a separate bill , Hinchey stated :
“ The repeal of the Glass - Steagall Act was done to help large banks become enormous and to line the pockets of banking executives with more money than most Americans could ever dream of earning in their lifetime . …
This bill would help right the ship and return our country to the days when banks either participated in commercial lending activities or investment activities , but not both . ”
There is much logic in preventing commercial banks , which carry the hard - earned savings of depositors and a federal guarantee of their worth , from engaging in the high - roller risk - taking of investment banks .
If McCain now gets it , why does n’t Obama ?
The sea level is not rising says Dr Nils - Axel Mörner , a Swedish geologist and physicist , who has worked for 40 years in this area , written 190 peer - reviewed scientific papers and was formerly the chairman of the INQUA International Commission on Sea Level Change .
Dr Mörner , who recently spoke at Copenhagen at the Climate Realists meeting , is critical of the UN ’s Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) and said during an interview with Alex Jones today , that the more scientists investigate the IPCC ’s claims , the more they find that is wrong .
He says he has been observing what is happening in the real world and it does not match the IPCC ’s claims .
He said the people that write the IPCC reports are “ fiddling on their computers , playing ” and they have something they have to prove and their claims do not resemble what he has observed occurring , so much so that he has written a book titled : The Great Lie Ever Told about this issue .
To watch the interview , during which he talks about his observations of sea levels at Bangladesh , the Maldives , Tuvalu and Vanuatu , go here :
Part 1
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vQRe7hNwN-c&feature=player_embedded
Part 2
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YMRHJPozCRs&feature=related
Part 3
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dMLoYDzgSI4&feature=related
Related :
Rise of sea levels is ‘ the greatest lie ever told ’
The big hole around his shoulder blade is where the bullet entered and it traveled under his skin and exited right there on his neck , above his spinal cord !
Just goes to show that he truly is LUCKY !
The ballistic tip mainly just burned the edges of the skin of the wound that you see in the picture .
He 's getting better & better every day , last night he was even doing push ups !!
He 's finally able to use his arm again !
Somehow it did n't hit anything major and basically ended up being a really bad flesh wound !
It is truly a miracle that he is alive and not paralyzed !
This guy and a buddy were sighting their rifles in .
One of the guns was leaned up against the 4 wheeler he was standing on .
The gun started to fall and I 'm not sure if his buddy grabbed it , or something on the bike caught the trigger .
Either way , he caught a 325 grain .45 - 70 round right under the collar bone .
I think it goes with out being said , how lucky he is to still be here .
The big hole around his shoulder blade is where the bullet entered and it traveled under his skin and exited right there on his neck , above his spinal cord !
Just goes to show that he truly is LUCKY !
The ballistic tip mainly just burned the edges of the skin of the wound that you see in the picture .
He 's getting better & better every day , last night he was even doing push ups !!
He 's finally able to use his arm again !
Somehow it did n't hit anything major and basically ended up being a really bad flesh wound !
It is truly a miracle that he is alive and not paralyzed !
Of all the things I 've lost , I miss my mind the most .
- Mark Twain .
International Bible teacher , conference speaker , revival preacher .
Bible college president .
Prolific author .
General Director of Overseas Missionary Fellowship ( formerly known as China Inland Mission ) in the 1950s and 1960s .
He became an elder statesman and worldwide conference speaker from his retirement until his death .
01 . The Address : Downtown Burj Dubai
Hotel
02 . Al Maha Resort
03 . Bab Al Shams
04 . Burj Al Arab
05 . Dar Al Maysaf : Madinat Jumeirah
06 . Park Hyatt Dubai
07 . Raffles Dubai
08 . Ritz -Carlton Hotel
09 . Grosvenor House West Marina Beach by Le Méridien
10 . The Monarch Hotel
5 star196Burj Dubai BoulevardDespite being one of Dubai ’s newest hotels this spacious Downtown Burj Dubai property is already redefining city style in the emirate .
Without the beachfront location of many of the city ’s classiest gaffes it stands out with the superb views of the world ’s tallest building .
But this is one address that will not be overshadowed by the towering neighbor .
Little touches like iPod docking stations and Plasma screen TVS are , of course , now standard .
As is the use of the best quality furnishings and luxury touches .
Certain suites have outside baths and this is one hotel that will appeal to business and leisure guests .
As long as they ’re happy to pay the premium .
5 star40 Al Maha DesertRelaxation comes at a price .
As one of the most expensive hotels in Dubai the Al Maha Resort is reserved for a select few , but those that can make the cut are safe in the knowledge of money well spent .
The resort is a world class sanctuary set in 225 square kilometers of pristine desert landscape .
Private plunge pools , couples therapy and the knowledge that there is not a traffic jam anywhere near by will relax you before your treatments begin.5 star113 Next to Endurance VillageA cheaper but less exclusive alternative to Al Maha , Bab Al Shams is a luxury hotel in the middle of the dunes .
This grid of low rise buildings made of pre-scratched , crumbling mock - sandstone is filled with hidden corridors and secret stairwells : rooms open directly onto the sands , while a swimming pool , spa and four restaurants cater to guests ’ needs .
The range of activities is n’t as extensive as at Al Maha ( and mainly revolves around desert excursions ) , but there is a well - equipped children center , which should keep your ankle - biters entertained .
At night , enjoy a sunset shisha at Al Sarab bar or try out the Al Hadheerah desert restaurant , which offers a Disneyfied Arabian experience complete with belly dancer , band and some fairly potent shisha . 5 star202JumeirahBeach RoadThe iconic Burj Al Arab is a representation of all that is opulent and extravagant about Dubai .
It is an obvious choice and one that is likely to appear on worldwide lists of the most expensive and luxurious hotels .
If you ’re wondering what you get in a seven - star hotel think personal butlers , massive suites , discretion , privacy , pillow menus , breathtaking Jumeirah views and .. well , the list goes on really .
It is often said that the decoration might not be to everybody ’s tastes but there is no denying that a stay in the Burj is one of unprecedented dedication to pleasing the high - rolling guest .
5 star283Jumeirah Beach RoadNobody would argue that the Madinat Jumeirah hotels of Mina A’Salam and Al Qasr offer an exceptional level of service and quality but for the absolute pinnacle of the complex the discerning traveler knows that Dar Al Maysaf is impossible to beat .
The name means “ summer house ” in Arabic and these large villas have a real feeling of seclusion and intimacy .
They can be reached here by taking a short abra ride to elsewhere in the hotel and after you ’ve found your room taking a dip in a private pool or eat in one of the mini - complex ’s private restaurants .
5 star255 Dubai Creek Golf & Yacht ClubThe Moroccan - style spa at Dubai ’s beautiful Park Hyatt offers some of the best treatments in town including a popular couples hot stone massage .
Guests can enjoy their own pool and a wide range of facials and massages before returning to the hotel for lunch of lounging in the spa area for the ultimate in relaxation .
Definitely a good place to check into for spa fans as the creek views give an unusual twist on the usual beachfront or cityscape .
5 star248 Sheikh Rashid RoadNot a patch on its Singaporean sister in terms of history but still pretty striking and certainly one of a kind , Raffles Dubai has already become something of an iconic building .
Especially for the less tourist - heavy area it inhabits .
Leave Dubai Airport and cross Garhoud Bridge and you will be presented with the giant pyramid that is the Raffles Hotel .
Adjoined to the Egyptology themed Wafi mall Raffles is one of the most expensive hotels in Dubai and the pyramid ’s peak is one of the city ’s most exclusive clubs .
5 star138 Dubai Marina , Al Sufouh RoadStaying at the Ritz Carlton , like flying in a private jet and having your own butler , is as clear an indication you are going to get that you have made it .
Despite a proximity to the high - rise Dubai Marina and Palm Jumeirah it is a complete cocoon of calm .
Inventive treatments and a dedication to providing quality finishes mean that the experience is one that is up there with the very best spa breaks the Middle East has to offer .
5 star422 Dubai Marina BeachClose to the beach but with all of the elegance and sophistication you would expect .
Grosvenor House is an exercise in relentless style .
Superb Gary Rhodes Mezzanine restaurant to the effortlessly stylish Buddha Bar every part of the hotel has been selected to enhance the overall effect of cool .
Fantastic spa and business facilities all combine to make this one of the underrated delights of Dubai ’s hotel scene .
5 star236 Sheikh Zayed RoadNumber One Sheikh Zayed road is one of the world ’s most exclusive addresses and The Monarch is a hotel that deserves it .
Gigantic suites and stunning city views are the flagship boasts of the hotel that has already garnered a good reputation with the wealthiest international clients .
Borderlands DLC # 2 Released on PC , PS3
Priced at $ 10 , " Mad Moxxi's Underdome Riot " brings the new " Riot Mode " into Gearbox 's shooter - RPG alongside three dedicated Riot Mode arenas , a few more skill points , and a bank that provides extra storage space for items .
Similar to Gears of War 2's Horde Mode , Riot Mode has players facing off against ever - increasing waves of enemies .
As with the Xbox 360 version of Mad Moxxi that hit just before the new year , PlayStation 3 owners need only navigate to their console 's respective online marketplace for purchasing details .
As for PC , those with the retail Borderlands DVD can buy the content direct from Gearbox , with Steam selling a version compatible with copies bought through its digital distribution service and others expected to follow .
Well , I was going to answer comments from my Assassin 's Creed 2 review , but it seems all anyone wants to talk about is how my voice sounded different , and how this apparently reduced the entertainment value by a significant percentage .
OK then .
Basically , it 's been a bad week for lovers of my voice .
I 've had my usual dose of the seasonal flu for the last couple of weeks and it's just moved into the wonderful phlegmy phase .
And on top of that , the morning of the video 's recording , my headset mic stopped working .
I had to record using a Guitar Hero mic plugged into the USB port .
I used that original headset to record every single episode of ZP up ' til now .
That mic put up with two years of full - bodied swearing .
Let 's take a moment to remember a faithful friend .
The headset was bought for $ 2.50 from a cheapo store in Annerley , south Brisbane , because the ear buds I was using at the time were causing waxy buildup that was frankly quite horrific .
But when it came time to record voices for a new video series , who could have guessed that a headset mic from such humble origins could produce a sound quality that could only be described as " adequate ? "
Indeed , some months later I even bought a considerably more expensive headset , because the ear padding on the originals was getting a bit tatty , but the recording from the newer device sounded like a dog with its head stuck in a big tin bucket .
The $ 2.50 headset was faithfully supportive for over two years , but was satisfied with a career out of the spotlight .
Its moment of glory came , however , during the live - action section from the Uncharted 1 review .
My hat had unexpectedly fallen ill from myxomatosis and an understudy was required at very short notice , but the headset stepped up to the plate and did us all proud , to absolute viewer indifference .
So this one 's for you , defunct cheapo $ 2.50 headset mic .
May you have many great days ahead of you at your new home in the kitchen bin .
As for the rest of you , I 've now had time to buy a new headset , so expect normal service to be resumed next video .
Sound quality should be even better .
This one cost five bucks .
Anyway , comments .
" It 's obviously not Yahtzee .
It 's not just that he sounds different , he even pronounces words differently .
Let 's hope this is a one time thing . "
- Kariodude , from the Assassin 's Creed 2 comments
This was the gist of quite a few comments last week , people assuming we 'd pulled a fast one and used a stand - in .
No .
Just to confirm , I had a bit of the summer flu and was using a different mic .
No substitutes or alien body snatchers .
It does make me wonder about people who genuinely believed this , though .
What sort of arrangement do you think this is ?
Do you think I have the resources to go out and hire some kind of perfect voice double at a moment 's notice , while most of the people in the world who share my accent live 12,000 miles away ?
No .
Sorry to disappoint , but my entire production crew is me , a headset , a laptop , and a desk in the corner of my bedroom .
My morning work commute consists of walking about three feet , discounting detours for a shower and some raisin toast .
If I ever become completely incapable of speech you 'll know about it , because I will use a voice synthesizer and the video will sound like it 's being guest presented by Stephen Hawking .
The attack was blamed on hardliners angered by plans to curb settlements
Israeli PM Benjamin Netanyahu has condemned an attack on a mosque in the occupied West Bank and called for the arrest of those responsible .
Jewish settlers are suspected of launching the attack , burning books and scrawling hate - messages in Hebrew .
The main prayer hall and library of the mosque in the village of Yasuf were badly burnt in the attack on Thursday .
Clashes later broke out between villagers and Israeli troops sent to investigate the incident .
Israeli condemnation
In a statement , Mr Netanyahu " vigorously denounced the aggression against the mosque " .
He said he had told security forces " to act with determination to find the perpetrators and bring them to justice " .
Other Israeli leaders added their voices to the condemnation .
On Saturday , Israeli President Shimon Peres called it " an incendiary criminal act against all the moral principles of the state of Israel " .
" The government , security forces and all authorities must spare no effort to catch the guilty parties , " he said .
On Friday , Defence Minister Ehud Barak branded the attack " an extreme act meant to harm the government 's attempts to advance the process for Israel 's future . "
Jewish settler groups have recently reacted angrily to Mr Netanyahu 's decision to scale back settlement building in the West Bank .
Palestinian officials have refused to rejoin peace talks until a total freeze is imposed .
All Jewish settlements in the West Bank , including East Jerusalem , are considered illegal under international law , though Israel disputes this .
We have now just left the Season of Giving , a time of goodwill that is recognized the world over .
While a lot of us seek willy - nilly for the perfect gift for a friend or loved one , thousands of people around the world pray that their loved one will receive the “ Gift of Life ” .
In this day of modern science and medical expertise , many previously deadly conditions can be cured through the donation of organs and tissues by another caring individual .
Through a donor ’s selfless gift , quality of life can be improved , and the afflicted can be well .
This list covers 10 different facets of donation and are presented in no particular order .
10 Blood Donations
To date there is no suitable , long term , synthetic replacement for whole human blood , making donations of whole blood or platelets ( apheresis ) a necessity .
Administered in the proper setting the procedure is very quick , taking only 10 minutes or so , but as pre-screening of each donor is required , the entire process usually takes about an hour .
In the U.S. , blood products are administered on the average of 38,000 units daily , and the need is expected to increase by about 6 % annually , with larger demands in cases of war or disaster .
Blood has a limited shelf life .
The different components of blood , ( whole blood , red blood cells , platelets and plasma ) can last from 5 days to a year or more .
Interesting sidenote : Blood acquired in the U.S. from PAID donors cannot by law be used for the purposes of transfusion .
Chances are , if you have been paid for a blood harvest , it was used by the pharmaceutical industry for the production of medications .
9 Consent vs. Dissent
Nobody can benefit from the gift of life until permissions and releases are legally tendered .
These legalities are different from country to country .
In the U.S. it is considered customary for a person to verify that they wish to participate ( or consent ) to organ sharing , often with a DONOR sticker on the back of their driver ’s license , or by preparing a “ living will ” .
In other words , we must let someone know that we wish to share .
But the norm throughout most of the world relies upon dissent , a legal understanding stating that unless an individual during their lifetime specifically denied permission to harvest , they are considered an active participant in organ acquisition .
This is the norm in Spain , and some believe it is why that country is proven to be the most generous in regards to donor ratio– 34 donors / million population .
The U.S. comes in at the median with 26 donors / million , and Austria comes in very low at 10 donors / million .
8 The Big Six
Kidneys , heart , liver , pancreas , lungs , and intestines — These are the primary organs that most of us think of when the subject of organ donation is brought up .
And rightly so , these are the organs that represent the greatest need in the waiting lists around the world .
These organs must be transplanted within hours , there is no way to store these organs for viable use later .
Not so , when it come to tissue donation .
According to OrganDonor.gov
“ Corneas , the middle ear , skin , heart valves , bone , veins , cartilage , tendons , and ligaments can be stored in tissue banks and used to restore sight , cover burns , repair hearts , replace veins , and mend damaged connective tissue and cartilage in recipients . ”
With the proper preparation and foresight , one death can help over 50 others to begin their return to health .
7 Stem Cells
Two simple words , yet when used together , they seem to garner a hailstorm of controversy .
A huge portion of research is being devoted to these microscopic building blocks of life , and the major contributions they can add to the medical field ’s repertoire .
Medical researchers anticipate stem cells to play an important role in the future treatment of stroke , diabetes , spinal cord injury , blindness , deafness , Parkinson ’s and Alzheimer ’s disease , arthritis and cancer .
Contrary to common belief , primary harvest of stem cells does not occur from fetal tissue , but from other sources like the blood in umbilical cords .
Stem cells can be harvested from whole blood by being coaxed from bone marrow through daily injections of a drug called Filgrastim .
Bone marrow transplants themselves are a stem cell transplant , yet many people who oppose stem cell research support this type of therapy in the treatment of leukemia and other conditions .
Healthy adults between the ages of 18 - 60 can donate blood stem cells , and there are organizations world wide devoted solely to the screening and matching of such donations .
6 Live Donations
Not all donations of life giving proportions come from the dead .
Easily recognized in this catagory are donations of blood , bone marrow and blood stem cells .
Most of us know that we have two kidneys and can easily survive if we give up one of them .
Not so many people know that you can give one or two lobes of your liver , and this miraculous organ will regenerate itself to almost full size in both the donor and recipient in a very short time .
A donor can give a whole , or part of a lung , part of their pancreas or part of their intestines , and although these will not regenerate in either patient , they are fully functioning .
And many a parent has given thanks to those who chose to donate their sperm or ova , one of the few types of live donation where monetary compensation for the donor is not generally considered out of line or immoral .
Interesting sidenote : From OrganDonor.gov–
“ Surprisingly , it is also possible for a living person to donate a heart , but only if he or she is receiving a replacement heart .
This occurs only when it is determined that someone with severe lung disease and a normally functioning heart would have a greater chance of survival if he or she received a combined heart and lung transplant .
As a result , the heart - lung recipient ’s own heart , if it ’s in good condition , is then donated to an individual who needs only a heart transplant . ”
Currently there are 82 heart / lung recipients on the U.S. waiting list .
5 Ethnicity
In our modern and brave new world we are all coming to recognize that “ all men are created equal ” , but in the field of organ donation this is not always the case .
Sadly , when it comes to the matter of disease and related organ failure , ethnicity plays a role in the statistics .
According to the U.S. Dept. of Health and Human Services –“ Native Americans are four times more likely than Whites to suffer from diabetes .
African Americans , Asian and Pacific Islanders , and Hispanics are three times more likely than Whites to suffer from kidney disease .
Many African Americans have high blood pressure ( hypertension ) which can lead to kidney failure . ”
Because of these facts , ethnicity becomes one of the criteria when matching potential donors to recipients , as an ethnic match often times becomes key in the ultimate healing process and helps alleviate rejection problems .
Yet oftentimes , cultural beliefs and religious restrictions make it hard for members of minorities to choose to become donors , to the detriment to those others who are fighting a life threatening illness .
4 Suicides
Although society as a whole recognizes suicide as a selfish and misguided solution to one ’s problems , sometimes there is an unforeseen benefit from this final act .
In the cases where brain death has occurred during suicide , ( about 3.8 % ) , these troubled souls have made themselves potential donors .
Their families grant donation rights more often in these cases , rather than in other causes of death , but research on the subject has not revealed exactly why .
The majority of these cases occur in young men with an average age of 26 , with relatively healthy organs .
On the other hand , legislature is currently being rewritten to try to discourage those who have a desire to give the ultimate gift to others through the act of suicide .
One example of this type of suicide based donation was brought into the limelight in the recent movie , Seven Pounds , starring Will Smith .
( It was this movie that inspired my research and subsequently , this list . )
3 Waiting Lists
We ’ve all had to wait in a line at one time or another , sometimes trying our patience to the breaking point .
But no line at the supermarket or post office could be as stressful or deadly as the waiting lists for transplant .
At the website United Network for Organ Sharing ( UNOS ) , a tally of people awaiting their surgery is updated daily .
As of the writing of this list the number was 104,945 , with 80 % of that number being those in need of kidneys .
Since need far outweighs supply , waiting times can be long , from an average of three weeks for a heart to 476 days for a kidney .
Lung replacement has the longest waiting time dependent upon whether one lung or two is needed .
The average wait for a lung can be as long as 1068 days , just a few days shy of three years .
Although the U.S. averages about 74 transplants daily , about 17 people die each day , waiting .
2 Rejection
No lives could be saved by any of these gifts until the scientific community examined the mysteries of rejection .
Since the discovery of blood groups by Professor Karl Landsteiner in 1900 scientists have continued to make monumental strides in the understanding of the human immune system .
Transplant rejection has come to be recognized as the body ’s attempt to repel foreign tissue , much the same way it would attack an unwelcome virus or bacteria .
But since an organ is not an unwanted invader , steps are taken to insure compatibility .
Before organ donation proceeds , potential organ donors are rigorously screened on a case by case basis to ensure that risks of infection , disease , complications or donated organs being in a sub-optimal state are minimized or eliminated .
Hyper acute rejection , usually the result of mismatched blood type , will occur within minutes of the surgery and the only solution is the removal of the organ .
Acute rejection often occurs within one week to three months of the surgery , and is usually treated with a short course of strong corticosteroids that suppress the immune system .
A bone marrow transplant can also decrease rejection , but only if the marrow comes from the same donor as the transplanted organ .
Chronic rejection is a longterm failure of the organ , it is irreversible and cannot be treated effectively .
1 Organ Tourism
We watch in dread and horror , at movies like “ Turistas ” and TV shows that are more and more often featuring black market organ harvesting as part of their plotline .
But these scary scenarios are only reflecting a new , gory trend that is becoming increasingly common due to the high demand for transplantable organs .
The term for this trend in locating and acquiring an organ is being coined “ organ tourism ” , “ transplant tourism ” and “ organlegging ” .
( Like bootlegging , but for organs . )
Prevalent in under - developed countries , selling off “ extra ” organs for many may be the only way to earn an income in overcrowded , economically backward regions .
Unfortunately these backdoor surgeries are often performed in unhygienic conditions , with improper , non-sterile equipment , and after care is focused upon getting the excised organ to it ’s new owner , not on the recovery of the patient .
If a “ donor ” does survive their procedure , they are often stiffed on the cheap payment ( $ 500 - $ 5000 ) they were promised .
Legislature to establish policy on the right of the individual to sell their organs is an ongoing battle and can only be established on a country by country basis .
Advocates of a policy of payment , argue that legal monetary compensation will compel more people to donate .
But those opposed , fear that paying donors for their organs will make transplantation available only to the wealthy .
Regardless , the trade in organs continues and there will be no way to regulate the safety of everybody involved until these legal and moral questions can be resolved .
Below are my ideas for two languages extensions which I think add a lot to the Haskell language without adding too much ambiguity .
At least , I have n’t found any issues with the ideas so far , but I ’m sure plenty of other people will be able to ; ) .
AutomaticClassSynonyms
Let ’s say I ’ve got the Failure class , and I ’d like to define a MonadFailure class - simply for convenience - which is a subclass of both Failure and Monad .
Well , defining the class is easy :
class ( Monad m , Failure m ) => MonadFailure m
I believe that this should automatically make anything which is an instance of both Monad and Failure an instance of MonadFailure , since the definition of MonadFailure is completely empty .
I look at class instances as needing to address two issues :
Existence : is there some instance which makes sense ?
Uniqueness : of those instances which make sense , which one should I use ?
Here , there is no room for ambiguity : there exists an instance which makes sense ( eg , instance MonadFailure Maybe ) , and there is precisely one instance which makes sense .
There is no alternative way to define this instance .
Therefore , I think that in this case we should not complain if we have two instances for the same data type , since we know that the instances will be identical .
That would make this extension work very nicely with existing code .
It also adds no new syntax .
What I did n’t say
I specifically do not think this extension should make automatic instances of classes which have default definitions for all its functions .
The first example that comes to mind is Exception : even though both fromException and toException have default definitions , I think the user should still have to explicitly instanciate exception , even if a type is already an instance of Typeable and Show .
SubClassOverloading
This extension is a bit more complicated .
For motivation , let ’s look at the interaction between Monad and Applicative .
For most cases , a Monad can define an Applicative instance as such :
instance Functor MyMonad where fmap = liftM instance Applicative MyMonad where pure = return ( <*>) = ap
Well , that ’s irritating !
Instead of just writing a five line Monad instance , I have to write five extra boilerplate lines .
As a separate issue , Applicative is not defined as a superclass of Monad , and therefore I cannot treat all Monads as Applicatives .
But we ca n’t add that superclass requirement without breaking existing code .
So I say we allow the definition of Monad as such :
class Applicative m =>
Monad m where fail s :: s -> m a -- or we could just take this out ... (>>= ) :: m a -> ( a -> m b ) -> m b -- the same return :: a -> m a -- also the same fmap = liftM -- a default definition for a superclass function pure = return ( <*>) = ap
And suddenly all Monads are Applicative !
Since every function in the Functor and Applicative classes is a given default definition in Monad , they can be automatically derived .
But what if you want to define a special version of fmap ?
Simple : do it like always !
The definition in Monad is merely the default ; if the compiler finds a separate instance for your data type , it uses that instead .
This way , old code still works without a hitch .
The downside
The only downside I can see is that suddenly you ’ll have instances of classes where before there were none .
Not that having Applicative instances in and of itself is a downside , but there might be cases where it would define inappropriate instances ( not that I can think of any off - hand ) .
On the other hand , this would be mitigated slightly by the requirement of the type - class author to explicitly turn on this flag .
Let the beatings begin
Well , this is my first time suggesting any changes to Haskell , so I expect to be thoroughly scolded for my perposterous , heratical notions .
Even if these suggestions are lacking , however , I hope we eventually get something which allows these kinds of features in Haskell .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
" Well , it 's time they got their act together , folks .
They 're ruining the whole league .
They had better stop running a Mickey Mouse organization and put somebody on ice . " --
Wayne Gretzky about the state of the New Jersey Devils , 26 years ago today
It was a mismatch of epic proportions .
The home team was the Edmonton Oilers at their offensive peak , a juggernaut the likes of which the league has never seen before or since .
The Oilers and their six hungry young Hall of Famers were on their way to a still - extant league record of 446 Goals For , and inclined to take no prisoners .
The visitors were the hapless New Jersey Devils , a team so historically bad that two previous cities ( Kansas City , Denver ) had drawn the drapes .
The Devils stunk just as bad as the Scouts and Rockies had , and entered this , the 740th game in franchise history , with just 159 wins .
The ' 83 - 84 Devils would win just 17 games in a season notable only for a memorable stretch run in which they tried but failed to out - lose the equally dreadful Pittsburgh Penguins , who got a booby prize named Mario Lemieux .
By season 's end the Oilers would have 119 points , the Devils 41 .
On this night they were n't that close .
The Devils , in the midst of a long , unsuccessful road trip , entered the game 2 - 17 - 0 .
The Oilers had finished their first quarter with a snazzy 16 - 3 - 1 record and an astonishing 119 GF .
They were hot , having opened November with 6 successive victories , scoring 7 or more goals in each of those games .
Did I mention those Oilers could score ?
Well score they could , and did at will against the " Hapless Devils " ( capitalized from countless newspaper headlines of that era ) .
Wayne Gretzky was all over the scoresheet , kicking things off with a penalty in the game 's first minute that led to an early Devils ' powerplay goal .
Immediately thereafter the Devs tallied again on an unassisted goal by Jan Ludvig , a young Czechoslovak who two years earlier had played on three different teams with Edmonton connections -- the St. Albert Saints ( AJHL ) , the Kamloops Junior Oilers ( WHL ) , and the Wichita Wind ( CHL , and the Edmonton Oilers ' top farm club ) .
The next year he was signed as a free agent by the Devils , and by 1983 - 84 he was the team 's second leading scorer .
Nothing against Jan Ludvig , but when he's one of your top scorers , you 're in trouble .
So it 's 2 - 0 and all the Devils need to do is kill the next 57 minutes .
I would n't bet a nickel against them being able to do that today , but on this night all the early goals did was wake up the mighty Oilers , who roared back with 4 before the end of the first .
The subsequent periods followed a similar pattern , with the Devils scoring first in each but the Oil replying in bunches of 4 and then 5 goals in the second half of each period .
The final damage : Oilers 13 , Devils 4 .
Individually , Jari Kurri led the way with a career - best 5 goal game , while Gretzky " chipped in " with 3 goals and 5 assists for 8 points , also a career high .
Willy Lindstrom was yet a third Oiler with the hat trick , an ultra-rare feat that has been accomplished just three times in NHL history .
Even raw rookie Jim Playfair , a 19 - year - old first round draft pick up on emergency 2 - game recall , managed to find the net in the third period with his first NHL goal .
( What seemed a promising career at the time would see him score just once more in the NHL . )
For Gretzky of course , hat tricks were " old hat " ; this was one of his ( own - ) record - tying 10 he scored that season , and one of 50 in his remarkable career .
His hat trick goal closed the scoring in the game 's last two minutes , a shorthanded marker that suggests neither Gretzky nor Glen Sather was philosphically opposed to running up the score .
Yet after the game the Great One was unexpectedly livid .
The recently - promoted captain of the Oilers was renowned for his careful choice of words that were right from the Crash Davis book of uncontroversial sports quotes ( " I just want to help the ball club . " )
What could have prompted him to chastise his opponents so harshly mere minutes after mercilessly destroying them on the ice ?
The answer was sititng in the other room , peeling off his heavy goal pads and sweaty jersey after yet another night 's overwork .
The Devils ' starting goalie , Ron Low , was a former Oiler teammate and personal friend of Gretzky .
Traded 9 months earlier to the Devils , Low had been shelled for 8 goals over the first 40 minutes before being mercifully pulled .
His batterymate and fellow respected veteran , Glenn " Chico " Resch , was similarly lit up by Kurri and Gretzky in the third .
Gretzky probably gave two hoots about Resch , the former Islander .
But Wayne was feeling low for Low , a good goalie and better person who was in deep with such a crappy team .
It was n't Low 's first crappy team .
He had broken in with the crappy Toronto Maple Leafs in 1972 - 73 , tabbed to replace Bernie Parent after the Leafs had been throughly raided by the fledgling WHA .
Two years later , Low wound up with the crappiest team in hockey history , the expansionist Washington Capitals .
His W - L - T record of 8 - 36 - 2 can only be put in its true perspective when compared to the combined record of his two back - ups : 0 - 31 - 3 .
Low won all 8 games for the Caps that season !
After two more desultory years in Washington , Low would move on to a crappy Detroit team for a while , then play for two " expansion " teams ( Quebec and Edmonton ) in the same season !
After experiencing a modicum of success here in Edmonton , Low got beaten out of the job by his young protégés Andy Moog and Grant Fuhr and unceremoniously peddled to the Hapless Devils to play out the string .
Poor bugger ended his career with a 102 - 203-38 record .
Gretzky 's words became instant Huge news that rippled well beyond hockey .
I heard the quote at the time as " put somebody on the ice " , meaning players , but history recorded it as " put somebody on ice " which means something else entirely .
Well - intentioned criticism or not , it was pretty close to the truth , and once the Devils and their fans got through with over - reacting and got down to taking action , who knows , it may have done them a world of good .
There were already a few unripe seeds on that young Devils squad , notably a pair of teenaged diamonds in the rough in Pat Verbeek and Ken Daneyko .
Who could have predicted that Daneyko , an Edmonton product BTW , would retire 20 years later , still a Devil , and a three - time Stanley Cup champion ?
Nobody in their right mind , that night .
If I had been told the two franchises would win 8 of the next 20 Stanley Cups , I would have guessed all 8 of them for the Oilers .
( We Oiler fans were a cocky lot , back in the day . )
The Oilers and Devils met two more times that 1983 - 84 season , with both games being notable for different reasons .
The Oilers visited the Swamp on January 15 , 1984 , where a rare sold - out crowd had a special welcome for Gretzky .
The cavernous arena that had drawn a typical crowd of 9,050 for the Devils ' previous game against the Nordiques was packed to the rafters with 19,023 souls , all screaming for some sort of imaginary revenge .
Did n't happen , though at least they made a game of it .
But
It was business as usual for the Great One , whose three assists paced the Oil to a 5 - 4 win .
Two weeks later the teams met again in Edmonton in the Oilers ' 51st game of that magical season .
Gretzky was playing on a wing and a prayer after suffering a shoulder separation a few nights earlier that would soon sideline him for 6 games .
For now , though , he had scored at least a point in every game all season -- 50 games and counting ! -- and intended to keep going as long as he could .
The Great One , clearly labouring well below his best , managed to beat Low in the first period for his 61st goal and 153rd point of the season .
But there the streak would end , as Gretzky was shut out the next night , establishing 51 games as yet another record that stands to this day .
What became the milestone goal of one of the Great One 's greatest records was scored against his old friend , Ron Low .
* * *
Historical footnote :
Of the players named above it would be difficult to find three more different hockey intellects than a grizzled goalie , a superstar forward , and a fuzzy - cheeked defenceman .
Nonetheless Ron Low , Wayne Gretzky and Jim Playfair shared a common future : all became NHL head coaches .
Hall of Fame catcher Carlton Fisk became the latest former player to level criticism at admitted steroids user Mark McGwire .
And in the same interview with the Chicago Tribune , Fisk also had strong words for Roger Clemens .
Fisk , who caught 2,226 games spanning 24 seasons for the Boston Red Sox and then the Chicago White Sox , said McGwire 's insistence that steroids did not help him total 583 career home runs is " a crock . "
" [ McGwire ] says , ' Well , it does n't help eye - and - hand coordination . '
Well , of course it does , " Fisk told the Tribune for Wednesday 's editions .
" It allows you more acuity physically and mentally and optically .
You are going to be stronger and you are going to be better .
" Some of these numbers that are out there are really warped .
Should they be considered ?
You saw how McGwire was viewed in the Hall of Fame voting .
If you take the length of time that [ steroid users ] use that stuff and subtract 15 or 20 home runs a year for those guys , where are their numbers then ? "
As part of his admission to using steroids throughout the 1990s , McGwire said last week he believes steroids did not inflate his home run totals and that he took them to heal faster from injuries , which allowed him to remain in the lineup .
" That 's a crock , " Fisk told the Tribune .
" There 's a reason they call it performance - enhancing drugs .
That 's what it does -- performance enhancement .
You can be good , but it 's going to make you better .
You can be average , but it is going to make you good .
If you are below average , it is going to make you average .
Some guys who went that route got their five - year , $ 35 million contracts and now are off into the sunset somewhere .
Because once they can't use [ steroids ] anymore , they can't play anymore . "
" Try having your knees operated on and catching for 30 years , " Fisk added .
" Do you think you feel good when you go out there ?
[ McGwire ] had to stand around and play first base .
So excuuuuuse me . "
Fisk 's outrage was n't aimed solely at McGwire .
He also was critical of seven - time Cy Young winner Clemens , who has been accused of using PEDs .
The former trainer of the 353 - game winner has said he injected Clemens with steroids and HGH over a period of several years , a claim Clemens has vehemently denied .
" The reason he got let go from the Red Sox [ after the 1996 season ] was because he was starting to break down , " Fisk told the Tribune .
" His last couple of years in Boston just were n't very productive , a la ' The Rocket . '
Then all of a sudden he goes to Toronto and he wants to show somebody something .
Then he gets two consecutive Cy Young Awards [ in ' 97 and ' 98 ] .
Come on , give me a bucket .
" It 's obvious to players .
You notice that stuff .
You know how hard it is to play the game .
You know how hard it is to be productive at any age , but especially at an older age .
You see guys who are as productive later on as they were early [ in their careers ] .
It offends guys that stayed clean . "
wikiHow is a “ wiki , ” similar to Wikipedia , which means that many of our articles are co-written by multiple authors .
To create this article , 243 people , some anonymous , worked to edit and improve it over time .
This article has been viewed 1,206,192 times .
X
To have fun alone , try doing something artistic , like painting a picture or creating a comic strip based on your friends or family .
You can also watch videos online to learn a new skill like playing an instrument or easy carpentry projects .
Alternatively , go for a hike in a nature preserve or take a bike ride in your neighborhood .
If you ’re stuck at home , binge on your favorite guilty - pleasure TV shows or have your own movie marathon , complete with snacks .
For tips on how to use your time alone to focus on self - improvement , keep reading !
Technology.am ( Jan 13 , 2010 ) —
In a move to demonstrate to its 350 million members that it ’s serious about their protection , Facebook has launched a joint venture with security firm McAfee : six months of McAfee ’s Internet Security Suite software , a discount subscription following that , and custom security software and education materials on Facebook .
“ Facebook is applying all financial incentives from this partnership to the benefit of its users and will not be taking a share of any profits from user subscriptions , ” a release explained .
McAfee has also developed a free means for Facebook users to clean their hard drives in the occasion that their Facebook accounts are compromised through a malicious attack .
McAfee will in addition be providing content for Facebook ’s security home page .
At present , Facebook users in the U.S. , Canada , Mexico , Brazil , the U.K. , Australia , Italy , Germany , Netherlands , Spain , and France are entitled for the free McAfee software promotion , and the release explained that more countries will be entitled over the subsequent few months .
The downloadable software “ protects users ’
PCs from online threats , viruses , spyware , hackers , online scammers , identity thieves and other cybercriminals ” and at present retails for about $ 35 per year through a discount on McAfee ’s Web site .
The joint venture comes at a time when viruses and scams on Facebook have drummed up pages ’ worth of bad press for the social network ; even as it ’s been comparatively watchful about disarming viruses as they multiply through “ wall ” posts and messages , they carry on to curse Facebook as they do the Web at large .
The company ’s in want of some image revamp in addition to lawful battle plans .
Facebook , the release explained , had been vigorously searching for an associate in this security proposal prior to choosing McAfee .
The Burj Dubai – Arabic for Dubai Tower – opened on Jan. 4 , at a supposed height of 2,717 feet .
Construction began on September 21 , 2004 , with the exterior of the structure completed on October 1 , 2009 .
Skidmore , Owings and Merrill , LLP ( Chicago ) are listed as the architect and engineer of record .
Bill Baker , the Chief Structural Engineer for the project , invented the buttressed core structural system in order to enable the tower to achieve such heights economically .
Adrian Smith , who worked with Skidmore , Owings and Merrill ( SOM ) until 2006 , was the Design Partner on the project .
Turner Construction Company was selected as the construction project manager .
Under UAE law , the Contractor and the Engineer of Record are jointly and severally liable for the performance of Burj Dubai .
Therefore , by adoption of SOM ’s design and by being appointed as Architect and Engineer of Record , Hyder Consulting is legally the Design Consultant for the tower .
The total budget for the Burj Khalifa project is about US $ 1.5 billion ; and for the entire new “ Downtown Dubai ” , US $ 20 billion .
The metal - and - glass spire is touted as a “ vertical city ” of luxury apartments and offices .
It boasts four swimming pools , a private library and a hotel designed by Giorgio Armani .
According to the Burj ’s developers , they are “ confident in the safety of the tower , which is more than twice the height of New York ’s Empire State Building ’s roof .
Greg Sang , Emaar ’s director of projects , said the Burj has ‘ refuge floors ’ at 25 to 30 story intervals that are more fire resistant and have separate air supplies in case of emergency .
And its reinforced concrete structure , he said , makes it stronger than steel - frame skyscrapers . ”
Engineer Baker reported that the Burj developer continued to push the design higher even after construction began , eventually putting it about 984 feet taller than its nearest competitor .
This push came from Dubai ’s determination to “ reshape itself into a cosmopolitan urban giant packed with skyscrapers . ”
How tall is too tall for a building ?
How complicated is too complicated for a bridge ?
What do you think ?
By Carol A. Metzner
President , The Metzner Group , LLC and
Managing Partner , A/E / P Central , LLC home of CivilEngineeringCentral.com
AP photo / Kamran Jebreili
All males have a body cavity .
Females have two body cavities .
In prisons , these body cavities are habitually used to smuggle drugs and improvised weapons past body searches , including complete nudity strip searches .
Given the power of widely available explosives , the amount that can be carried inside a body cavity — let alone two — is sufficient to destroy ordinary pressurized airliners at normal flight altitudes .
That makes " pat downs , " or indeed any form of physical inspection that is remotely feasible ...
Marine Sgt. Charles
Dyer , a tea party leader , has been arrested on charges of rape of a minor , as well as possessing stolen weapons … a grenade launcher ?
What in gods name would warrant owning a grenade launcher ?
… Just as an aside , it blows my mind that it is actually legal to own one .
Why would anyone need to own a grenade launcher ? … anyway , back to the story …
What is really interesting to know is what would Charles Dyer have us do with a man that labels himself as a domestic terrorist ?
Guantanamo ?
Military tribunal ?
Technically , he stole military arms , so it only seems appropriate .
The following was taken from Crooks and Liars :
Dyer cropped up again in the news — this time in the police blotter for allegedly raping a 7 - year - old girl :
An ex-military man has been arrested on charges of rape of a child and forcible sodomy .
Charles Alan Dyer , 29 , of Marlow , was arrested Tuesday afternoon by Stephens County Sheriff ’s deputies , said Sheriff Wayne McKinney .
Dyer served in the United States Marines in Iraq .
Oh , and guess what police found when they searched his home :
During the search the sheriff ’s deputies noted several firearms and a device believed to be a Colt M - 203 , 40 - millimeter grenade launcher , a complaint filed in the United States District Court of Western Oklahoma by Alcohol , Firearms and Tobacco Special Agent Brett Williams said .
As the story from KAUZ - TV notes , Dyer had a history of making bizarre claims in his videos — as well as violent fears of being arrested .
“ We come home and those bastards want to talk about how we ’re domestic terrorists and a threat to this country .
It makes me so angry , ” said Charles Dyer , who has been accused of committing rape . …
More incriminating evidence against Dyer has surfaced in a YouTube video .
The video shows Dyer , a former U.S. Marine , talking proudly about domestic terrorism .
“ Join the military ? ” , said Dyer .
“ Depends on what you want to do with it .
Me ?
I ’m going to use my training and become one of those domestic terrorists that you ’re so afraid of from the DHS reports . ” …
“ I ’m certainly not going to be hiding from my command anymore .
I ’m not hiding from ATF .
Not hiding from FBI .
Any organization .
If they want to come get me I ’m not going to be afraid , ” Dyer said .
“ Patriots , we are not overpowered .
If we united under one banner and fight for our children ’s liberity and the constitution , our resolve is invincible to any standing army , ” Dyer said .
GossipBoy is reporting that the rape victim was a close family member .
They also report that Dyer had been in touch with a fellow militiaman linked to explosives dealing , and that when bomb - sniffing dogs searched Dyer ’s home , they indicated explosives had been stored there recently .
I say we treat him the way he advocates we treat terrorists … Guantanamo and a military tribunal .
It only seems fair .
As for the sodomizing a 7 year old , castration … the only just punishment .
Headline stolen from Fark
This just in from the Times of London :
After the leak of highly embarrassing e-mail messages from the University of East Anglia 's influential Climatic Research Unit , CRU has been forced to admit that it dumped " the original raw " climate data used to bolster the case for human - caused global warming , while retaining only the " value - added " - read : massaged - data .
In short , the CRU dumped the scientific data , but archived information that supports its conclusions .
" It means that other academics are not able to check basic calculations said to show a long - term rise in temperature over the past 150 years , " wrote Times environment editor Jonathan Leake .
Of course global warming skeptics see Climategate as vindication .
For years , global warming activists have maintained that they alone could claim the mantle of dispassionate science , while skeptics were venal , nutty or both .
The publication of these e-mails puts an end to that happy conceit , as they reveal a small cabal of scientists obsessed with obliterating dissenting scholarship and destroying the reputations of any who stood in their way .
For years , I 've read global warming activists cite the work of UC San Diego science historian Naomi Oreskes , who looked at 928 abstracts of peer - reviewed articles from 1993 and 2003 and found , " Remarkably , none of the papers disagreed with the consensus position " in favor of man-made global warming .
No surprise , her unbelievable claim was wrong .
In a leaked e-mail , CRU Director Phil Jones complained of a 2003 peer - reviewed article that departed from global warming orthodoxy .
Jones went so far as to boast , " I will be e-mailing the journal ( Climate Research ) to tell them I 'm having nothing to do with it until they rid themselves of this troublesome editor , " who approved printing the piece .
In 2004 , Jones said he would keep two troublesome papers out of a U.N. Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change report " somehow - even if we have to redefine what the peer - review literature is ! "
In another e-mail , Pennsylvania State University environmental sciences Professor Michael Mann proposed considering a boycott of Climate Research .
But that 's nothing compared with Benjamin D. Santer , a climate scientist at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory , who , the Washington Post reported , said he was tempted to beat up skeptic Pat Michaels .
Polls show that Americans are cooling on the notion of man-made global warming .
I must credit the bully mentality of activists , whose claims often defy common sense - and at times simple decency .
The defying - common - sense part :
They claim that no credible scientist departs from the IPCC orthodoxy .
Counter with some names - Richard Lindzen , Fred Singer , William Gray , John Christy , Don Easterbrook , Piers Corbyn , Roy Spencer , Pat Michaels , James O'Brien - and they impugn their scientific credentials .
If they have to redefine peer review , they 'll do that , too .
And then they ask you to trust them on the dumped CRU data .
After all , they 're scientists .
Jan. 25 , 2010 -- Exotic wooden toilet seats and harsh chemical cleaners may be behind a new resurgence of toilet seat dermatitis , a skin condition once thought to be wiped out in the U.S .
A new study documents five recent cases of toilet seat dermatitis in children , some of whom suffered for years before getting a proper diagnosis .
“ Toilet seat dermatitis is one of those legendary conditions described in medical textbooks and seen in underdeveloped countries , but one that younger pediatricians have not come across in their daily practice , ” researcher Bernard Cohen , MD , director of pediatric dermatology at Johns Hopkins Children ’s Center , says in a news release .
“ If our small analysis is any indication of what ’s happening , we need to make sure the condition is on every pediatrician ’s radar . ”
Division III national championship football game against Wisconsin- Whitewater , which was slated to kick off at 11 this morning , has been pushed back to a 4 p.m. kickoff today because of heavy snowfall in the Salem , Va. area .
The championship game , named the Amos Alonzo Stagg Bowl , was scheduled to be televised on ESPN2 .
It will now be shown live on ESPN Classic .
Mount Union , ranked first in the country , is seeking its 11th national title in the last 17 years .
The Purple Raiders and No. 2 Whitewater are both 14 - 0 .
They have met in the last four championship games , with Mount Union winning three of them , and Whitewater winning in 2007 .
Check for more information on d3 football.com .
Stalling in Copenhagen Chimerica Against the World
China and the United States are playing a decisive role in Copenhagen .
Both major powers are accusing each other of doing too little to stop the climate disaster .
Europeans and developing nations are demanding the two agree to greater reductions in CO2 emissions .
Will ' Chimerica ' derail a real deal in Copenhagen ?
Von Christian Schwägerl
Cognitive bias in which people with low ability at a task overestimate their ability
In the field of psychology , the Dunning –Kruger effect is a cognitive bias in which people with low ability at a task overestimate their ability .
It is related to the cognitive bias of illusory superiority and comes from the inability of people to recognize their lack of ability .
Without the self - awareness of metacognition , people cannot objectively evaluate their competence or incompetence . [ 1 ]
As described by social psychologists David Dunning and Justin Kruger , the bias results from an internal illusion in people of low ability and from an external misperception in people of high ability ; that is , " the miscalibration of the incompetent stems from an error about the self , whereas the miscalibration of the highly competent stems from an error about others . " [ 1 ]
Original study
The psychological phenomenon of illusory superiority was identified as a form of cognitive bias in Kruger and Dunning 's 1999 study , " Unskilled and Unaware of It : How Difficulties in Recognizing One 's Own Incompetence Lead to Inflated Self - Assessments " .
[ 1 ]
The identification derived from the cognitive bias evident in the criminal case of McArthur Wheeler , who , on April 19 , 1995 , robbed two banks while his face was covered with lemon juice , which he believed would make it invisible to the surveillance cameras .
This belief was based on his misunderstanding of the chemical properties of lemon juice as an invisible ink . [ 2 ]
Other investigations of the phenomenon , such as " Why People Fail to Recognize Their Own Incompetence " ( 2003 ) , indicate that much incorrect self - assessment of competence derives from the person 's ignorance of a given activity 's standards of performance .
[ 3 ]
Dunning and Kruger 's research also indicates that training in a task , such as solving a logic puzzle , increases people 's ability to accurately evaluate how good they are at it . [ 4 ]
In Self - insight : Roadblocks and Detours on the Path to Knowing Thyself ( 2005 ) , Dunning described the Dunning –Kruger effect as " the anosognosia of everyday life " , referring to a neurological condition in which a disabled person either denies or seems unaware of his or her disability .
He stated : " If you 're incompetent , you can't know you 're incompetent ...
The skills you need to produce a right answer are exactly the skills you need to recognize what a right answer is . " [ 5 ] [ 6 ]
In 2011 , Dunning wrote about his observations that people with substantial , measurable deficits in their knowledge or expertise lack the ability to recognize those deficits and , therefore , despite potentially making error after error , tend to think they are performing competently when they are not : " In short , those who are incompetent , for lack of a better term , should have little insight into their incompetence — an assertion that has come to be known as the Dunning –Kruger effect " .
[ 7 ]
In 2014 , Dunning and Helzer described how the Dunning –Kruger effect " suggests that poor performers are not in a position to recognize the shortcomings in their performance " . [ 8 ]
Later studies
Dunning and Kruger tested the hypotheses of the cognitive bias of illusory superiority on undergraduate students of introductory courses in psychology by examining the students ' self - assessments of their intellectual skills in logical reasoning ( inductive , deductive , abductive ) , English grammar , and personal sense of humor .
After learning their self - assessment scores , the students were asked to estimate their ranks in the psychology class .
The competent students underestimated their class rank , and the incompetent students overestimated theirs , but the incompetent students did not estimate their class rank as higher than the ranks estimated by the competent group .
Across four studies , the research indicated that the study participants who scored in the bottom quartile on tests of their sense of humor , knowledge of grammar , and logical reasoning , overestimated their test performance and their abilities ; despite test scores that placed them in the 12th percentile , the participants estimated they ranked in the 62nd percentile . [ 1 ] [ 9 ]
Moreover , competent students tended to underestimate their own competence , because they erroneously presumed that tasks easy for them to perform were also easy for other people to perform .
Incompetent students improved their ability to estimate their class rank correctly after receiving minimal tutoring in the skills they previously lacked , regardless of any objective improvement gained in said skills of perception .
[ 1 ]
The study " Mind - Reading and Metacognition : Narcissism , not Actual Competence , Predicts Self - estimated Ability " ( 2004 ) extended the cognitive - bias premise of illusory superiority to test subjects ' emotional sensitivity toward other people and their own perceptions of other people . [ 10 ]
The study " How Chronic Self - Views Influence ( and Potentially Mislead ) Estimates of Performance " ( 2003 ) indicated a shift in the participants ' view of themselves when influenced by external cues .
The participants ' knowledge of geography was tested ; some tests were intended to affect the participants ' self - view positively and some were intended to affect it negatively .
The participants then were asked to rate their performances ; the participants given tests with a positive intent reported better performance than did the participants given tests with a negative intent . [ 11 ]
To test Dunning and Kruger 's hypotheses , " that people , at all performance levels , are equally poor at estimating their relative performance " , the study " Skilled or Unskilled , but Still Unaware of It : How Perceptions of Difficulty Drive Miscalibration in Relative Comparisons " ( 2006 ) investigated three studies that manipulated the " perceived difficulty of the tasks , and , hence , [ the ] participants ' beliefs about their relative standing " .
The investigation indicated that when the experimental subjects were presented with moderately difficult tasks , there was little variation among the best performers and the worst performers in their ability to predict their performance accurately .
With more difficult tasks , the best performers were less accurate in predicting their performance than were the worst performers .
Therefore , judges at all levels of skill are subject to similar degrees of error in the performance of tasks . [ 12 ]
In testing alternative explanations for the cognitive bias of illusory superiority , the study " Why the Unskilled are Unaware : Further Explorations of ( Absent ) Self - insight Among the Incompetent " ( 2008 ) , reached the same conclusions as previous studies of the Dunning –Kruger effect : that , in contrast to high performers , " poor performers do not learn from feedback suggesting a need to improve " . [ 13 ]
Individuals of relatively high social class are more overconfident than lower - class individuals . [ 14 ]
Mathematical critique
The Dunning –Kruger effect is a statement about a particular disposition of human behavior , but it also makes quantitative assertions that rest on mathematical arguments .
The effect relies on the quantifying of paired measures consisting of ( a ) the measure of the competence people can demonstrate when put to the test ( actual competence ) and ( b ) the measure of competence people believe that they have ( self - assessed competence ) .
Researchers express the measures either as percentages or as percentile scores scaled from 0 to 1 or from 0 to 100 .
By convention , researchers express the differences between the two measures as self - assessed competence minus actual competence .
In such a convention , negative numbers signify erring toward underconfidence , positive numbers signify erring toward overconfidence , and zero signifies perfectly accurate self - assessment .
A 2008 study by Joyce Ehrlinger summarized the major assertions of the effect that first appeared in the 1999 seminal paper and continued to be supported by many studies after nine years of research : " People are typically overly optimistic when evaluating the quality of their performance on social and intellectual tasks .
In particular , poor performers grossly overestimate their performances " . [ 13 ]
The effect asserts that most people are overconfident about their actual abilities , and that the least competent people are the most overconfident .
Support for both assertions rests upon interpreting the patterns produced from graphing the paired measures ,
The most common graphical convention is the Kruger–Dunning type graph used in the seminal paper .
[ 1 ]
That paper depicted college students ' accuracy in self - assessing their competencies in humor , logical reasoning , and grammar .
Researchers adopted that convention in subsequent papers on the effect .
Additional graphs used by other researchers who argued for the legitimacy of the effect include ( y - x ) versus ( x ) cross plots [ 15 ] and bar charts [ 16 ] .
The first two of these studies depicted college students ' accuracy in self - assessing their competence in introductory chemistry , and the third depicted their accuracy in self - assessing their competence in business classes .
Recent researchers who focused on the mathematical reasoning [ 17 ] [ 18 ] behind the effect studied 1,154 participants ' ability to self - assess their competence in understanding the nature of science .
These researchers graphed their data in all the earlier papers ' various conventions , and explained how the numerical reasoning used to argue for the effect are similar in all .
When graphed in these established conventions , the researchers ' data also supported the effect .
Had the researchers ended their study at this point , their results would have added to the established consensus that validated the effect .
But their deeper analyses led them to conclude that the numerical procedures used repeatedly in all previous work were the likely sources of misleading conclusions , driven by ceiling / floor effects ( exacerbated by measurement error ) causing censoring .
To expose the sources of the misleading conclusions , the researchers employed their own real data set of paired measures from 1,154 participants , and created a second simulated data set that employed random numbers to simulate random guessing by an equal number of simulated participants .
The simulated data set contained only random noise , without any measures of human behavior .
The researchers [ 17 ] [ 18 ] then used the simulated data set and the graphical conventions of the behavioral scientists to produce patterns like those described as validating the Dunning –Kruger effect .
They traced the origin of the patterns , not to the dominant literature 's claimed psychological disposition of humans , but instead to the nature of graphing data bounded by limits of 0 and 100 and to the process of ordering and grouping the paired measures to create the graphs .
These patterns are mathematical artifacts that random noise devoid of any human influence can produce .
They further showed that the graphs used to establish the effect in three of the four case examples presented in the seminal paper are patterns characteristic of purely random noise .
These patterns are numerical artifacts that behavioral scientists and educators seem to have interpreted as evidence for a human psychological disposition toward overconfidence .
But the graphic presented on the case study on humor in the seminal paper [ 1 ] and the Numeracy researchers ' real data [ 17 ] were not the patterns of purely random noise .
Although the data was noisy , that human - derived data exhibited some order that could not be attributed to random noise .
The researchers attributed it to human influence and called it the " self - assessment signal . " [ 17 ]
The researchers went on to characterize the signal and worked to determine what human disposition it revealed .
To do so , they employed different kinds of graphics that suppress or eliminate the noise responsible for most of the artifacts and distortions .
The authors discovered that the different graphics refuted the assertions made for the effect .
Instead , they showed that most people are reasonably accurate in their self - assessments .
About half of the 1,154 participants in their studies accurately estimated their performance within ± 10 percentage points ( ppts ) .
Two - thirds of these participants self - assessed their competency scores within ± 15 ppts .
Only about 6 % of participants displayed wild overconfidence and were unable to accurately self - assess their abilities within 30 ppts .
All groups overestimated and underestimated their actual ability with equal frequency .
No marked tendency toward overconfidence , as predicted by the effect , occurs , even in the most novice groups .
In 2020 , with an updated database of over 5,000 participants , this relationship still held true .
The revised mathematical interpretation of data confirmed that people typically have no pronounced tendency to overestimate their actual proficiency .
Groups ' mean self - assessments prove more than an order of magnitude more accurate than do individuals ' .
In randomly selected groups of 50 participants , 81 % of groups ' self - assessed mean scores were within 3 ppts of their actual mean competency score .
The discovery that groups of people are accurate in their self - assessments opens an entirely new way to study groups of people with respect to paired measures of cognitive competence and affective self - assessed competence .
A third Numeracy paper by these researchers [ 19 ] reports from a database of over 3000 participants to illuminate the effects of privilege on different ethnic and gender groups of college students .
The paper confirms that minority groups are on average less privileged and score lower in the cognitive test scores and self - assessed confidence ratings on the instruments used in this research .
They verified that women on average self - assessed more accurately than men , and did so across all ethnic groups that had sufficient representation in the researchers ' database .
Cultural differences in self - perception
Studies of the Dunning –Kruger effect usually have been of North Americans , but studies of Japanese people suggest that cultural forces have a role in the occurrence of the effect . [ 20 ]
The study " Divergent Consequences of Success and Failure in Japan and North America : An Investigation of Self - improving Motivations and Malleable Selves " ( 2001 ) indicated that Japanese people tended to underestimate their abilities , and tended to see underachievement ( failure ) as an opportunity to improve their abilities at a given task , thereby increasing their value to the social group . [ 21 ]
Popular recognition
In 2000 , Kruger and Dunning were awarded an Ig Nobel Prize in recognition of the scientific work recorded in " their modest report " .
[ 22 ] " The Dunning –Kruger Song " [ 23 ] is part of The Incompetence Opera , [ 24 ] a mini-opera that premiered at the Ig Nobel Prize ceremony in 2017 . [ 25 ]
The mini-opera is billed as " a musical encounter with the Peter principle and the Dunning –Kruger Effect " . [ 26 ]
See also
References
Upset about this morning ’s Supreme Court decision ?
Want to do something about it ?
The website Move to Amend wants to amend the constitution to :
Firmly establish that money is not speech , and that human beings , not corporations , are persons entitled to constitutional rights .
Guarantee the right to vote and to participate , and to have our votes and participation count .
Protect local communities , their economies , and democracies against illegitimate “ preemption ” actions by global , national , and state governments .
Another website , Free Speech for People , is also fighting this decision .
Lawrence Lessig has a video about campaign finance reform .
Lots of other good information at the Brad Blog .
Personally , I ’d like any constitutional amendment to declare that corporations are not people , too .
If anyone has some other ideas or suggestions , please leave them in a comment .
UPDATE : Congressman Alan Grayson is already doing some things about this :
NEW YORK , Jan 28 ( Reuters ) - The United Kingdom is no longer classified as being among the most stable and low - risk banking systems in the world , credit rating agency Standard & Poor ’s said on Thursday .
Britain ’s weak economy will continue to hinder the credit profile of its banking industry , S&P said in a report , adding it expected the unwind of high levels of debt to weigh heavily on economic growth prospects and banks ’ financial performance .
“ We no longer classify the United Kingdom ( AAA / Negative / A - 1+ ) among the most stable and low - risk banking systems globally , ” Standard & Poor ’s Ratings Services said .
( Reporting by John Parry and Camille Drummond ; Editing by James Dalgleish )
A taxi driver has revealed the astonishing moment when he watched his car being destroyed by a digger - just hours after a row with a customer over a fare .
Co Antrim man Jonathan Brown ( 36 ) said his taxi was left a write - off after the attack which happened in the early hours of yesterday morning .
Police said they have arrested a man in connection with criminal damage .
Earlier on Monday evening Mr Brown had picked up a fare in Crumlin .
He claims that he had exchanged words with the customer following a disagreement over the fare .
He said : “ We argued about it and let ’s just say a few choice words were exchanged .
He eventually threw £ 10 ( €11.50 ) at me and walked away .
We did not leave on the best of terms . ”
Mr Brown returned to his home at around 1.15 am where his three children aged 10 , nine and five , were asleep in bed .
He watched some TV to unwind .
His wife Denise was upstairs but still awake .
When he got up to go to bed it was 2.45 am .
He described what happened next as “ unbelievable ” .
He said : “ I heard a loud noise like the revving of an engine .
I looked out and there was a man driving towards the house in a digger smiling from behind the wheel .
“ He drove down the driveway smashing into my car , ramming it down to the back of the house and through the hedge .
“ It was all over in a couple of seconds but the car is a complete write - off . ”
Mr Brown called the police immediately before trying to calm his family and his pets , who were locked up in the back garden .
“ I keep animals .
Goats , chickens and ducks , they are just shocked to the core .
I had to get the vet out to them today , ” he said .
“ The children were also woken up by what happened .
We sent them to school this morning and are trying to act as normally as possible .
They seem to be coping quite well .
“ We moved from west Belfast years ago to give my children a better upbringing , but we never had any bother there .
This is not the thing you would expect around here , it is just unbelievable .
My wife ca n’t quite believe it either .
“ We were very lucky he did n’t drive the thing into the house or I do n’t want to think about what might have happened .
“ I ’m going to be out of work for God knows how long as it is not a straightforward car accident , so I do n’t know what way my insurance will work or if I will get a replacement car .
This has just left me high and dry . ”
( PhysOrg.com ) -- Computer chip maker
Intel wants to implant a brain - sensing chip directly into the brains of its customers to allow them to operate computers and other devices without moving a muscle .
Intel believes its customers would be willing to have a chip implanted in their brains so they could operate computers without the need for a keyboard or mouse using thoughts alone .
The implant could also be used to operate devices such as cell phones , TVs and DVDs .
The chip is being developed at Intel 's laboratory in Pittsburgh , USA .
It would sense brain activity using technology based on FMRI ( Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging ) .
The brain sensing chips are not yet available , but Intel research scientist Dean Pomerleau thinks they are close .
Theoretically , different people thinking of the same word or image would have the same activity in their brains , but since no one really knows exactly how the brain works , this is not certain .
Pomerleau and his team have used FMRI to scan the brains of volunteers to see if brain patterns match when they are thinking of similar things , and so far the results look promising .
Pomerleau said that with human beings and machines converging in many ways , people will want to give up the need for an interface such as a keyboard , mouse or remote control and operate the devices using their brain waves .
Pomerleau believes that some time within the next decade or so people will be " more committed " to the idea of the brain implants .
Pomerleau said a headset incorporating brain sensing technology to operate a computer is close , and the next step is to develop the tiny brain implant , which would be much less cumbersome for the user .
Associate Professor Charles Higgins of the University of Arizona predicts people will be using hybrid computers using a combination of living tissue and technology within 10 to 15 years .
Researchers at his University have successfully built a robot guided by the eyes and brain of a moth .
Researchers with Toyota are also working in the area , have developed a wheelchair controlled by brain waves .
While it seems unlikely many people would volunteer for the Intel chip implant at present , it could have applications for people who are unable to move , such as quadriplegics .
© 2009 PhysOrg.com
Explore further Toyota technology has brain waves move wheelchair
TOKYO --
The faulty gas pedals that prompted Toyota to suspend U.S. sales of eight of its most popular models — including the Camry , America 's best - selling car — are also in its vehicles sold in Europe , an official with the automaker said today .
Toyota Motor Corp. announced late Tuesday the unprecedented sales suspension to fix gas pedals that could stick and cause acceleration without warning .
Last week , Toyota issued a recall for the same eight models involving 2.3 million vehicles .
Toyota is also halting production at six North American car - assembly plants , beginning the week of Feb. 1 , and gave no date on when production could restart .
The problem could spread to Europe , where a similar accelerator part is being used , said Toyota spokeswoman Ririko Takeuchi , while declining to give the number of vehicles affected .
The company was studying possible responses , including a recall , she said .
The problem part comes from one U.S. supplier and does not affect models that use parts from different suppliers , Takeuchi said .
Toyota 's Japan plants are not affected .
The automaker said the U.S. sales suspension includes the following models : the 2009 - 2010 RAV4 , the 2009 - 2010 Corolla , the 2007 - 2010 Camry , the 2009 - 2010 Matrix , the 2005 - 2010 Avalon , the 2010 Highlander , the 2007 - 2010 Tundra and the 2008 - 2010 Sequoia .
Toyota has said it was unaware of any accidents or injuries due to the pedal problems associated with the recall , but could not rule them out for sure .
" This action is necessary until a remedy is finalized , " said Bob Carter , Toyota 's group vice president and general manager .
The automaker 's shares fell 4.3 percent in Tokyo trading Wednesday .
Toyota spokesman Mike Goss said most workers were expected to be at their jobs during the assembly line shutdown .
Workers will receive additional training or work on improvements to their assembly processes , but can also take vacation or unpaid leave , he said .
About 300 workers who build V8 engines at a Toyota plant in Huntsville , Ala. , will be affected , said Stephanie Deemer , a spokeswoman for the plant .
Goss said the shutdowns will also affect engine plants in Georgetown , Ky. , and Buffalo , W.Va .
Toyota dealers said they were concerned the move would hamper sales and were hopeful parts to fix the problem could be distributed quickly .
" They 're going the extra mile to reassure people that they really care about the customers , " said Earl Stewart , owner of a Toyota dealership in North Palm Beach , Fla .
" It is something that 's going to be at least a short - term hardship on the dealers , and especially on Toyota . "
The Apple iPad is official .
Yet it just missed one ingredient that could have been its killer app .
Firstly , I ’m relieved you can do “ real stuff ” on the iPad .
The iWorks applications were , to my mind , an essential requirement for the iPad to be a serious device and not merely a massively - oversized iPod Touch .
Couple iWork with the keyboard dock and you have a super - portable device which actually permits genuine productivity .
I ’m sure I ’m not in the minority in hoping to do regular dull activities like word processing and spreadsheeting .
To my mind these are essential tasks and it ’s where a lot of netbooks fall down with their screens that just do n’t have the height or width to pull this off successfully .
For much of Steve Jobs ’ presentation I was even left wondering if 3G capabilities really would be a part of the iPad , when he finally pulled that cat out of the bag .
Yet , there is something still missing – and unlike copy and paste , unlike MMS , it ’s not something that a future iPad OS will add .
That vital ingredient is a front - mounted camera .
The iPad had the opportunity to be the ultimate business video conferencing tool .
The size is small enough that you can carry it around , but large enough that you can sit it on a desk , read shared documents on screen and have a couple of people sitting with you joining in on the action .
However , the lack of front - mounted camera means video conferencing like this is out of the question .
There ’s no VoIP video - conferencing - anywhere to be found .
Still , all is not lost .
The iPad definitely has what it takes to be the ultimate all - in - one universal remote control .
Imagine powering all the devices in your household with one unit , replete with a massive searchable database of infra-red codes , programmable macros and big hefty touch - screen buttons ?
Citation : Floreano D , Keller L ( 2010 ) Evolution of Adaptive Behaviour in Robots by Means of Darwinian Selection .
PLoS Biol 8 ( 1 ) : e1000292 .
https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.1000292
Published : January 26 , 2010 Copyright : © 2010 Floreano , Keller .
This is an open - access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License , which permits unrestricted use , distribution , and reproduction in any medium , provided the original author and source are credited .
Funding :
This work was partly funded by the Swiss National Science Foundation and by the Future and Emerging Technologies Division of the European Commission .
The funders had no role in study design , data collection and analysis , decision to publish , or preparation of the manuscript .
Competing interests :
The authors have declared that no competing interests exist .
Ever since Cicero's De Natura Deorum ii.34 . , humans have been intrigued by the origin and mechanisms underlying complexity in nature .
Darwin suggested that adaptation and complexity could evolve by natural selection acting successively on numerous small , heritable modifications .
But is this enough ?
Here , we describe selected studies of experimental evolution with robots to illustrate how the process of natural selection can lead to the evolution of complex traits such as adaptive behaviours .
Just a few hundred generations of selection are sufficient to allow robots to evolve collision - free movement , homing , sophisticated predator versus prey strategies , coadaptation of brains and bodies , cooperation , and even altruism .
In all cases this occurred via selection in robots controlled by a simple neural network , which mutated randomly .
Genes do not specify behaviours directly but rather encode molecular products that lead to the development of brains and bodies through which behaviour is expressed .
An important task is therefore to understand how adaptive behaviours can evolve by the mere process of natural selection acting on genes that do not directly code for behaviours .
A spectacular demonstration of the power of natural selection comes from experiments in the field of evolutionary robotics [ 1 ] , [ 2 ] , where scientists have conducted experimental evolution with robots .
Evolutionary robotics has also been advocated as a method to automatically generate control systems that are comparatively simpler or more efficient than those engineered with other design methods because the space of solutions explored by evolution can be larger and less constrained than that explored by conventional engineering methods [ 3 ] .
In this essay we will examine key experiments that illustrate how , for example , robots whose genes are translated into simple neural networks can evolve the ability to navigate , escape predators , coadapt brains and body morphologies , and cooperate .
We present mostly — but not only — experimental results performed in our laboratory , which satisfy the following criteria .
First , the experiments were at least partly carried out with real robots , allowing us to present a video showing the behaviours of the evolved robots .
Second , the robot 's neural networks had a simple architecture with no synaptic plasticity , no ontogenetic development , and no detailed modelling of ion channels and spike transmission .
Third , the genomes were directly mapped into the neural network ( i.e. , no gene - to - gene interaction , time - dependent dynamics , or ontogenetic plasticity ) .
By limiting our analysis to these studies we are able to highlight the strength of the process of Darwinian selection in comparable simple systems exposed to different environmental conditions .
There have been numerous other studies of experimental evolution performed with computer simulations of behavioural systems .
Reviews of these studies can be found in [ 4 ] – [ 6 ] .
Furthermore , artificial evolution has also been applied to disembodied digital organisms living in computer ecosystems , such as Tierra [ 7 ] and Avida [ 8 ] , to address questions related to gene interactions [ 9 ] , evolution of complexity [ 10 ] , and mutation rates [ 11 ] , [ 12 ] .
The Principle of Selection in Evolutionary Robotics
The first proposal that Darwinian selection could generate efficient control systems can be attributed to Alan Turing in the 1950s .
He suggested that intelligent machines capable of adaptation and learning would be too difficult to conceive by a human designer and could instead be obtained by using an evolutionary process with mutations and selective reproduction [ 13 ] .
The development of computer algorithms inspired by the process of natural evolution followed shortly after [ 14 ] –[ 16 ] , but the first experiments on the evolution of adaptive behaviours for autonomous robots were done only in the early 1990s [ 17 ] – [ 19 ] , leading to the birth of the field of evolutionary robotics [ 1 ] , [ 2 ] .
The general idea of evolutionary robotics ( Figure 1 and Video S1 ) is to create a population with different genomes , each defining parameters of the control system of a robot or of its morphology .
The genome is a sequence of characters whose translation into a phenotype can assume various degrees of biological realism [ 20 ] .
For example , an artificial genome can describe the strength of synaptic connections of an artificial neural network that determines the behaviour of the robot .
The input neurons of the neural network are activated by the robot 's sensors , and the output neurons control the motors of the robot .
Within a population , each individual has a different genome describing a different neural network ( i.e. , different connections between neurons ) , thus resulting in specific individual responses to sensory - motor interactions with the environment .
These behavioural differences affect the robot 's fitness , which is defined , for example , by how fast and straight the robot moves or how frequently it collides with obstacles .
At the beginning , robots have random values for their genes , leading to completely random behaviours .
The process of Darwinian selection is then imitated by selectively choosing the genomes of robots with highest fitness to produce a new generation of robots .
In this process , genomes are paired ( to allow recombination ) and random mutations ( e.g. , character substitution , insertion , deletion , or duplication ) are applied with a given probability to the new genomes .
This process of evolution can be repeated over many generations until a stable behavioural strategy is established .
In some experiments this selective process has been performed with real robots whereas in other experiments physics - based simulations [ 21 ] that included models of mass , friction , gravity , accelerations , and collisions have been used .
Such simulations allow one to conduct selection with a large number of individuals over many generations .
The evolved genomes can then be implemented in real robots , which have been shown to display the same behaviour as observed in simulations for the experiments described in this article .
PPT PowerPoint slide
PowerPoint slide PNG larger image
larger image TIFF original image Download : Figure 1 .
Major steps of Darwinian selection with robots .
1 ) The robots have a neural network with the strength of connections between neurons determining their behaviour as a function of the information provided by the environment .
2 ) The fitness f of each robot ( i.e. , the performance in the task assigned to them ) is measured in the experimental setting using real robots or physics - based simulators .
3 ) The genomes of robots with highest fitness are selected to form a new generation .
4 ) The selected genomes are paired to perform crossover and mutations .
5 ) The new genomes are used to perform a new round of selection in the next generation .
https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.1000292.g001
Collision - Free Navigation Darwinian selection has been used to investigate whether small - wheeled robots could evolve collision - free navigation , a behaviour that requires appropriate processing of sensory information and coordinated activation of the motor system .
The experiments were conducted in a looping maze ( Figure 2 , left ) with a two - wheeled robot equipped with eight distance sensors ( six on one side and two on the other side of the robot ) .
The sensors were connected to eight input neurons that were connected to two output neurons , which each controlled the direction and speed of rotation of one of the wheels ( Text S1 , section 1 ) .
The genome of the robots consisted of a sequence of bits encoding the connection weights between input and output neurons .
Mutations allowed the strengths of connections between neurons to change over generations .
Experimental selection was conducted in three independent populations each consisting of 80 individuals [ 18 ] .
The performance of each robot was evaluated with a fitness function describing the ability of the robot to efficiently move in the maze .
PPT PowerPoint slide
PowerPoint slide PNG larger image
larger image TIFF original image Download : Figure 2 . Collision - free navigation .
A ) A Khepera robot tested in a looping maze .
B ) Trajectory of one of the robots with an evolved neural controller .
The segments represent the axis between the two wheels plotted every 300 ms using an external tracking device .
https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.1000292.g002
Over the first few generations , the robots rapidly improved their ability to move without collisions in the looping maze and , within less than 100 generations , most of them exhibited collision - free navigation ( Figure 2 , right , and Video S2 ) .
Although the fitness function did not specify in what direction the robot should navigate ( the robots were perfectly circular and the wheels could rotate in both directions ) , the best evolved individuals across all replicates moved in the direction corresponding to the side with the highest number of sensors .
This was because individuals initially moving in the direction with fewer sensors had higher probability of colliding into corners and thus had lower probability of being selected for reproduction .
Interestingly , the driving speed of the best - evolved robots was approximately half of the maximum possible speed and did not increase even when the evolutionary experiments were continued for another 100 generations .
Additional experiments where the speed was artificially increased revealed that fast - moving robots had high rates of collisions because the 300 - ms refresh rate of the sensors did not allow them to detect walls sufficiently in advance at high speed .
Thus , the robots evolved to move at intermediate speeds because of their limited neural and sensory abilities .
More generally , these experiments reveal that a process of selective reproduction with random mutations on genes that encode the wiring of neural networks can generate coordinated navigation behaviour that takes into account not only the environmental characteristics , but also the morphological and mechanical properties of the robots .
Homing
An evolutionary experiment with the same robots was conducted to investigate whether they could also evolve the ability to find their way home , a process that has been suggested to require the development of internal representations of the environment [ 22 ] – [ 24 ] .
To mimic a situation selecting for homing ability , robots were placed in a dark room with a small light tower located behind their nest , which consisted of a black patch on the floor in one of the corners of a square arena ( Figure 3 , left ) .
Robots initially had a fully charged ( simulated ) battery that discharged linearly over 50 sensory - motor cycles .
When a robot passed over the black patch of the nest , its battery was instantaneously recharged .
As the experiment lasted 150 sensory - motor cycles , a robot had to return at least twice to the nest to be able to continue moving throughout the whole experiment .
In addition to the eight distance sensors used in the collision - free experiments , robots also had a floor - colour sensor , enabling them to determine whether they were in the nest ; two light sensors on their sides , allowing them to locate the light tower over their nest ( but not sufficient to tell precisely the distance ) ; and a sensor giving information on the battery level ( Text S1 , section 2 ) .
PPT PowerPoint slide
PowerPoint slide PNG larger image
larger image TIFF original image Download : Figure 3 . Evolution of homing .
A ) Experimental setup with a Khepera robot moving in the direction of the nest ( recharging station ) , located in front of the light tower .
B ) Trajectory of an evolved robot after 200 generations .
The trajectory starts in the lower left corner and ends within the recharging nest in the top left corner .
Each point corresponds to the recording of the robot 's position using an external tracking device .
The arena and the recharging nest were plotted by manually positioning the robot along their contours .
https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.1000292.g003
Experimental selection was conducted in a population of 100 individuals [ 25 ] .
A robot 's fitness was proportional to the average rotational speed of the two wheels and distance from the walls ( Text S1 , section 2 ) .
After 200 generations of selection with real robots , the best individuals performed wide explorations of the arena , returning to the nest only when their batteries had approximately 10 % residual energy ( Video S3 ) .
They stayed in the nest only for the time necessary to turn and exit .
This was because being in the nest only permitted small fitness increase as the robots ' distance to the walls was very small .
The ability of robots to arrive to the nest when their batteries reached a very low level was mediated by the evolution of a neuronal representation of the environment that enabled them to combine information on their location and battery level to precisely time the homing behaviour ( Text S1 , section 2 ) .
The process of neural representation was reminiscent of “ place cells ” [ 26 ] and of “ head - oriented cells ” [ 27 ] in the rat hippocampus , suggesting that artificial organisms may evolve functionally similar internal representations and behavioural strategies as real organisms to solve tasks requiring the simultaneous processing of different sources of information .
Predator–Prey Coevolution Experimental evolution with robots has also been used to study the coevolutionary processes between a population of predator robots and a population of prey robots [ 28 ] , [ 29 ] .
Both the predator and prey robots ( Figure 4 , top ) were equipped with eight distance sensors ( six on one side and two on the other side ) .
However , prey and predator robots differed in three ways .
First , the maximum speed of the prey was twice that of predator .
Second , the predator had an additional vision system with a 36° field of view .
Third , the prey had a black stick that could be visually perceived by the predator ( Text S1 , section 3 ) .
These differences allowed predators to detect the prey at a distance of up to 100 cm , whereas prey could only detect predators when they were less than 0.5 cm away , but the prey could outrun the predator .
PPT PowerPoint slide
PowerPoint slide PNG larger image
larger image TIFF original image Download : Figure 4 . Coevolution of predator and prey robots .
A ) The predator robot ( right ) facing the prey robot ( left ) .
B ) Six examples of pursuit and evasion strategies that evolved over the 100 generations of selection in one of the replicates ( see main text for description ) .
The position of the prey at the end of the trial is indicated by the empty disk and that of the predator by the black disk ( the lines in the disks correspond to the frontal directions ) .
https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.1000292.g004
One prey and one predator were placed in pairs in square arenas with the fitness of the predator being inversely proportional to the time it took to catch ( i.e. , touch ) the prey while that of the prey was proportional to the time it managed to avoid being caught by the predator .
Each predator robot was individually tested during two minutes against the best prey of each of the previous five generations , and similarly each prey against the five best predators .
Starting with populations of 80 predators and 80 prey , each independently tested in one - to - one tournaments , ten independent replicates of 100 generations were carried out in physics - based computer simulations and three replicates of 25 generations were conducted with real robots [ 30 ] .
Both the simulation and real robot experiments led to the generation of , and cycling through , a set of different pursuit and evasion strategies ( Video S4 ) .
The cycle observed in one of the simulation replicates is illustrated in Figure 4 .
During the first generations , most predator and prey robots displayed an uncoordinated behaviour , turning on the spot ( Figure 4 , box 1 ) .
After a few generations , the prey developed fast motion in the environment whereas the predators visually tracked them so as to intercept their trajectories ( Figure 4 , box 2 ) .
Some generations later , the predators became so efficient in catching the prey that they lost the ability to detect and avoid walls ( this was due to weak selection pressure for wall avoidance because the prey was almost always caught before the predator would hit a wall ) ( Figure 4 , box 3 ) .
Subsequently , the prey evolved a new strategy that consisted of waiting for the predator and moving backward when it approached ( Figure 4 , box 4 ) , thus avoiding being caught .
However , this evasion strategy was not perfect because the prey could not detect the predator when approached from the sides without sensors .
A few generations later , the prey displayed a variation of an earlier strategy consisting of coasting the walls at maximum speed .
At this point , the predators evolved a “ spider ” strategy consisting of backing against one of the walls and waiting for the fast - moving prey , whose sensors could not detect the predator sufficiently , early to avoid it because its body reflected less infrared light than the white walls ( Figure 4 , box 5 ) .
After some more generations , the prey displayed a novel variation of the wait - and - avoid strategy where it quickly rotated in place , which reduced the probability of being approached from the sides without sensors .
As soon as it detected the predator , it moved backward while facing it with the side having the highest number of sensors ( Figure 4 , box 6 ) .
Overall , these experiments revealed that a large variety of sophisticated behavioural strategies could evolve , but none of them were stable over time because of the coevolutionary dynamics .
A similar pattern seems to occur in natural systems where each party in a coevolutionary relationship exerts selective pressure on the other , thereby affecting each other 's evolution and leading to a constant evolution of strategies and counterstrategies between parties [ 31 ] , [ 32 ] .
Joint Evolution of Brains and Body Morphologies Experimental evolution has also been used to coevolve artificial brains and morphologies of simulated robots .
In a pioneering study , Karl Sims used a competitive scenario where the fitness of two opponent robots was proportional to their ability to gain control of a cube placed in the centre of an arena [ 33 ] .
The evolutionary experiments were carried out solely in physics - based simulations .
The genome of each robot consisted of two chromosomes , one encoding the topology of a neural network and the other encoding the shape of a body composed of rigid blocks linked by controllable articulations .
This led to the coevolution of different types of robots capable of moving towards the cube and preventing access to its opponent .
For example , some robots consisted of a cubic block with two articulated , arm - like structures , which were used for moving on the ground and holding the cube .
Other robots were composed of only two articulated worm - like segments where one segment was so large and heavy that , once placed over the cube , it prevented the opponent from displacing it .
The idea of fully evolvable robot hardware was taken on by Lipson and Pollack [ 34 ] , who applied Darwinian selection to simulated electromechanical systems .
As in Sims ' experiments , the genome of the evolving individuals specified the morphology of the robot body and of the neural network .
The robot bodies consisted of simple building blocks , such as bars of variable lengths , joints , and linear actuators .
Bars could be coupled with linear actuators that changed their length and were connected together through ball joints to form arbitrary truss structures with the possibility of both rigid and articulated substructures .
The movements of the linear actuators were controlled by the activations of neurons , whose connections to other neurons and to the linear actuators were specified along with the body components in the evolving genomes ( Text S1 , section 4 ) .
The fitness of a robot was proportional to the distance it moved over a flat surface .
After 300 generations of selection with physics - based simulations , the individuals with highest fitness were fabricated robotically using rapid manufacturing technology ( plastic extrusion 3 - D printing ) and tested in the real world ( Video S5 ) .
An example of such a robot capable of fast locomotion is shown in Figure 5 .
Taken as a whole , these experiments revealed how the coevolution between brain and body morphologies can produce various types of adaptive behaviour and morphologies .
PPT PowerPoint slide
PowerPoint slide PNG larger image
larger image TIFF original image Download : Figure 5 .
Example of an evolved “ creature ” created by autonomous design and fabrication process .
( Image : Hod Lipson ) .
https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.1000292.g005
Evolution of Cooperation and Altruism Experimental evolution was also used to investigate whether robots could evolve cooperative and altruistic behaviour and , if so , under what conditions .
Cooperation is defined as an act increasing both the direct fitness of the individual giving help and the fitness of the individual receiving help ; by contrast , altruism reduces the direct fitness of the individual performing the helping act [ 35 ] , [ 36 ] .
The experimental setup consisted of a foraging situation in a square arena containing ten sugar cube - sized wheeled robots , small tokens that a single robot could push , and large tokens requiring at least two robots to be pushed ( Figure 6 ) .
The robots had five infrared distance sensors , four of them sensing objects within a 3 - cm range and a fifth , which was placed higher , having a 6 - cm range .
These sensors allowed robots to locate the tokens and distinguish them from robots .
Robots were also equipped with two vision sensors to perceive the colours of the walls ( Text S1 , section 5 ) .
Their fitness was proportional to the number of tokens successfully pushed within a 4 - cm zone along a white wall ( the three other walls of the arena were black ) .
A large token successfully pushed along the white wall increased the fitness of all robots within a group ( 10 robots per group ) by 1 fitness unit , while a small token successfully pushed increased the fitness ( also by 1 unit ) of only the robot that pushed it .
The fitness of individual robots was measured in populations containing 100 groups of 10 robots each .
PPT PowerPoint slide
PowerPoint slide PNG larger image
larger image TIFF original image Download : Figure 6 . Evolution of cooperative foraging .
A ) Foraging arena containing ten Alice micro-robots ( black squares with arrows ) and small and large tokens that robots had to push towards the dashed area near the white wall ( the other three walls were painted black ) .
B ) Experiment with real robots .
https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.1000292.g006
In one experimental condition , the arena contained only large tokens , and the only way for robots to increase their fitness was to cooperate in pushing them [ 37 ] .
Accordingly , robots readily evolved the ability to cooperatively push large tokens towards the white wall in all 20 evolutionary replicates that were conducted .
However , when the arena contained both large and small tokens , the behaviour of robots was influenced by the group kin structure .
In groups of unrelated robots ( i.e. , robots whose genomes where not more similar within than between groups ) , robots invariably specialised in pushing the small objects , which was the most efficient strategy to maximise their own individual fitness them ( i.e. , large tokens provided an equal direct payoff as a small token but were more difficult to successfully push ) .
By contrast , the presence of related robots within groups allowed the evolution of altruism .
When groups were formed of “ clonal ” robots all having the same genome , individuals primarily pushed the large tokens even though it was costly , in terms of individual fitness , for the robots pushing ( Video S6 ) .
Similar results were obtained in experiments where groups of light - emitting , foraging robots could communicate the position of a food source at a cost to themselves because of the resulting increased competition near food .
In these experiments , robots again readily evolved costly communication when they were genetically related , but altruistic communication never evolved in groups of unrelated robots when selection operated at the individual level [ 38 ] , [ 39 ] .
These experiments are interesting in two ways .
First , they demonstrate that the same general rules apply for experimental evolution of robots and real organisms .
Theory predicts that altruism , defined as an act of helping that decreases the direct fitness of the individual performing it , should only evolve among related individuals , and this is also what has been found in a wide range of organisms , ranging from bacteria to social insects and social vertebrates ( e.g. , [ 40 ] – [ 45 ] ) .
Second , it demonstrates that cooperation and altruism can evolve even in organisms with simple cognitive abilities ( in both the token pushing and communication experiments , robots had neural network controllers consisting of less than 15 neurons ) .
Conclusions
These examples of experimental evolution with robots verify the power of evolution by mutation , recombination , and natural selection .
In all cases , robots initially exhibited completely uncoordinated behaviour because their genomes had random values .
However , a few hundreds of generations of random mutations and selective reproduction were sufficient to promote the evolution of efficient behaviours in a wide range of environmental conditions .
The ability of robots to orientate , escape predators , and even cooperate is particularly remarkable given that they had deliberately simple genotypes directly mapped into the connection weights of neural networks comprising only a few dozen neurons .
So far , evolutionary robotic experiments have been conducted mostly by computer scientists and engineers ( e.g. , [ 17 ] , [ 46 ] – [ 56 ] ) .
Their primary interest has been to exploit the power of artificial evolution to automatically generate novel or better control systems and body shapes for specific problems .
For example , the method of evolutionary robotics described in the context of cooperative behaviour has been successfully used to generate the control systems of a swarm of micro aerial vehicles that must locate rescuers and spread so as to establish a radio communication network based uniquely on signal strength of the rescuer mobile phones and of the robot emitters , a problem for which existing engineering solutions require the use of absolute geo-localisation information provided by GPS signals [ 57 ] .
A major issue in evolutionary robotics is that agents may use idiosyncratic features of the environment in which they are selected to increase performance , hence leading to a major fitness drop in new environments where these features are lacking .
A similar problem arises when the evolutionary process takes place in simulations failing to capture relevant physical aspects of the environment .
In this case , the evolved individuals do not operate well in the real world [ 58 ] , [ 59 ] .
Computer scientists and engineers have come up with various solutions to this problem ( for a recent review , see [ 4 ] ) .
One consists of measuring the fitness of evolving individuals in several environments that vary along relevant dimensions ( e.g. , lighting conditions or ground texture ) .
Another consists of incorporating noise in features of the simulation model ( e.g. , elasticity of joints or the physical interactions that occur during collisions ) that may not faithfully reflect the real world .
A third consists of coevolving the robot and the key parameters of the simulation model and periodically testing the evolved control system with real robots to improve the estimate of the fitness of the robot and simulator [ 53 ] .
Finally , a solution that may also be relevant from a biological perspective consists of adding ontogenetic plasticity to the evolving individuals so that they can adapt to environmental modifications arising during their lifetime [ 60 ] .
It is only very recently that biologists and cognitive scientists have become interested in evolutionary robotics , realising that it provides a powerful means to study how phenotypes can be shaped by natural selection and address questions that are difficult to address with real organisms .
Current topics of biologically motivated research in evolutionary robotics include the role of ontogenetic development ( e.g. , [ 61 ] ) , the principles of neural control of highly dynamic and elastic body morphologies such as passive robotic walkers ( e.g. , [ 62 ] , [ 63 ] ) , the functional role of morphology in coevolving bodies and brains [ 64 ] , the role of active perception as a mean to structure and simplify sensory information in behaving organisms [ 65 ] , [ 66 ] , and the effects of synaptic plasticity [ 60 ] , [ 67 ] , [ 68 ] and neuromodulation [ 69 ] on organisms evolving in rapidly changing and partially unpredictable environments ( i.e. , under situations where individuals benefit to change behaviour over time ) .
In particular , the incorporation of adaptive mechanisms during ontogeny mediated by phenotypic plasticity and learning ( e.g. , [ 70 ] ) provides promising avenues for the study of processes operating at different spatial and temporal scales .
In comparison to theoretical and numerical models of biological phenomena , the embodiment and behavioural features of robot models can result in stronger testing of hypotheses and in higher predictive power [ 71 ] – [ 73 ] .
The use of real robot features are particularly useful in an evolutionary perspective where behaviour and ensuing complex physical interactions can significantly affect the interaction with the environment and performance .
Therefore , evolutionary robotics also offers new opportunities to address issues such as sexual selection , division of labour , speciation , and , in general , the open - ended evolution of diversity and complexity in behavioural systems .
Interdisciplinary collaborations among engineers , evolutionary biologists , neuroscientists , and molecular biologists should prove fruitful to investigate important issues on the principles that mediate the evolution of adaptive behaviour of organisms that cannot be readily studied with standard methods .
Acknowledgments
We thank Kevin Foster , Tad Kawecki , Hod Lipson , Sara Mitri , Karen Parker , Rolf Pfeifer , Francis Ratnieks , Ken Ross , and Steffen Wischmann for useful comments on the manuscript , and Daniel Marbach for help with figures .
As I rounded the corner to my final backpacking destination , this scene was unfolding before me of the mountain peaks , a glacier , soft light , and an alpine meadow with beautiful heather .
I dropped my pack immediately and grabbed a few frames before heading on to set up camp .
© All Rights Reserved
========================================================================
OTHER WORLDS : OUT-OF - BODY EXPERIENCES AND LUCID DREAMS by Lynne Levitan and Stephen LaBerge , Ph.D. ========================================================================
" Out of body " experiences ( OBEs ) are personal experiences during which people feel as if they are perceiving the physical world from a location outside of their physical bodies .
At least 5 and perhaps as many as 35 of every 100 people have had an OBE at least once in their lives ( Blackmore , 1982 ) .
OBEs are highly arousing ; they can be either deeply disturbing or profoundly moving .
Understanding the nature of this widespread and potent experience would no doubt help us better understand the experience of being alive and human .
The simplest explanation is that OBEs are exactly what they seem : the human consciousness separating from the human body and traveling in a discorporate form in the physical world .
Another idea is that they are hallucinations , but this requires an explanation of why so many people have the same delusion .
Some of our experiments have led us to consider the OBE as a natural phenomenon arising out of normal brain processes .
Thus , we believe that the OBE is a mental event that happens to healthy people .
In support of this , psychologists Gabbard and Twemlow ( 1984 ) have concluded from surveys and psychological tests that the typical OBE experient is " a close approximation of the ' average healthy American . ' " ( p. 40 ) Our conception , also proposed by the English psychologist Susan Blackmore , is that an OBE begins when a person loses contact with sensory input from the body while remaining conscious ( Blackmore , 1988 ; LaBerge - Lucidity Letter ; Levitan - Lucidity Letter ) .
The person retains the feeling of having a body , but that feeling is no longer derived from data provided by the senses .
The " out - of - body " person also perceives a world that resembles the world he or she generally inhabits while awake , but this perception does not come from the senses either .
The vivid body and world of the OBE is made possible by our brain 's marvelous ability to create fully convincing images of the world , even in the absence of sensory information .
This process is witnessed by each of us every night in our dreams .
Indeed , all dreams could be called OBEs in that in them we experience events and places quite apart from the real location and activity of our bodies .
WHAT ARE OBES LIKE ?
So , we are saying that OBEs may be a kind of dream .
But , even so , they are extraordinary experiences .
The great majority of people who have had OBEs say they are more real than dreams .
Common aspects of the experience include being in an " out - of- body " body much like the physical one , feeling a sense of energy , feeling vibrations , and hearing strange loud noises ( Gabbard & Twemlow , 1984 ) .
Sometimes a sensation of bodily paralysis precedes the OBE ( Salley , 1982 ; Irwin , 1988 ; Muldoon & Carrington , 1974 ; Fox , 1962 ) .
To the sleep researcher , these strange phenomena are remarkably reminiscent of another curious experience , called sleep paralysis .
Sleep paralysis occurs sometimes when a person is waking from or falling into REM sleep , the state in which most vivid dreams occur .
During REM sleep , the muscles of the body , excluding the eye muscles and those responsible for circulation and respiration , are immobilized by orders from a nerve center in the lower brain .
This prevents us from acting out our dreams .
Occasionally , this paralysis turns on or remains active while the person 's mind is fully awake and aware of the world .
Some of the experiences people have reported during sleep paralysis are : " I feel completely removed from myself , " " feeling of being separated from my body , " " eerie , rushing experiences , " and hearing " hissing in the ears , " and " roaring in the head . "
These events appear to be much like the OBE sensations of vibrations , strange noises , and drifting away from the physical body ( Everett , 1983 ) .
Fear has also been described as a common component of sleep paralysis ( see the " Question and Answer " in NightLight , Vol. 2 , No. 1 for a discussion of overcoming fear in sleep paralysis . )
WHEN DO OBES HAPPEN ?
So , it seems possible that at least some OBEs arise from the same conditions as sleep paralysis , and that these two terms may actually be naming two aspects of the same phenomenon .
As a first test of this idea , we should ask how many OBEs actually occur at times when people are likely to experience sleep paralysis -- that is , do OBEs happen when people are lying down , asleep , resting , or while awake and active ?
Researchers have approached the question of the timing of OBEs by asking people who claim to have had OBEs to describe when they happened .
In one of these , over 85 percent of those surveyed said they had had OBEs while they were resting , sleeping or dreaming .
( Blackmore , 1984 )
Other surveys also show that the majority of OBEs occur when people are in bed , ill , or resting , with a smaller percentage coming while the person is drugged or medicated .
( Green , 1968 ; Poynton , 1975 ; Blackmore , 1983 )
Survey evidence favors the theory that OBEs could arise out of the same conditions as sleep paralysis .
There is also considerable evidence that people who tend to have OBEs also tend to have lucid dreams , flying and falling dreams , and the ability to control their dreams ( Blackmore , 1983 , 1984 ; Glicksohn , 1989 ; Irwin , 1988 ) .
Because of the strong connection between OBEs and lucid dreaming , some researchers in the area have suggested that OBEs are a type of lucid dream ( Faraday , 1976 ; Honegger , 1979 ; Salley , 1982 ) .
One problem with this argument is that although people who have OBEs are also likely to have lucid dreams , OBEs are far less frequent , and can happen to people who have never had lucid dreams .
Furthermore , OBEs are quite plainly different from lucid dreams in that during a typical OBE the experient is convinced that the OBE is a real event happening in the physical world and not a dream , unlike a lucid dream , in which by definition the dreamer is certain that the event is a dream .
There is an exception that connects the two experiences -- when we feel ourselves leaving the body , but also know that we are dreaming .
In our studies of the physiology of the initiation of lucidity in the dream state , we observed that quite of few of the lucid dreams we collected contained experiences like OBEs .
The dreamers described lying in bed , feeling strange bodily sensations , often vibrations , hearing loud humming noises , and then rising out of body and floating above the bed .
Those studies revealed that lucid dreams have two ways of starting .
In the much more common variety , the " dream - initiated lucid dream " ( DILD ) , the dreamer acquires awareness of being in a dream while fully involved in it .
DILDs occur when dreamers are right in the middle of REM sleep , showing lots of the characteristic rapid eye movements .
We know this is true because our dreamers give a deliberate prearranged eye - movement signal when they realize they are dreaming .
These signals show up on our physiology record , so that we can pinpoint the times when lucidity begins and see what kind of brain state the dreamers were in at those times .
DILDs account for about four out of every five lucid dreams that our dreamers have had in the laboratory .
In the other 20 percent , the dreamers report awakening from a dream and then returning to the dream state with unbroken awareness -- one moment they are aware that they are awake in bed in the sleep laboratory , and the next moment , they are aware that they have entered a dream and are no longer perceiving the room around them .
We call these " wake initiated lucid dreams " ( WILDs ) .
A casual look at the dream reports and physiological records led us to think that the OBE - type dream content was happening mostly in WILDs .
So , we analyzed the data scientifically in the experiment described below .
THE LABORATORY STUDY
The data we studied consisted of 107 lucid dreams from a total of 14 different people .
The physiological information that we collected in conjunction with each lucid dream always included brain waves , eye - movements , and chin muscle activity .
These measurements are necessary for determining if a person in awake , asleep , and in REM sleep or not .
In all cases , the dreamer signaled the beginning of the lucid dream by making a distinct pattern of eye movements that was identifiable by someone not involved with the experiment .
After verifying that all the lucid dreams had eye signals showing that they had happened in REM sleep , we classified them into DILDs and WILDs , based on how long the dreamers had been in REM sleep without awakening before becoming lucid ( two minutes or more for DILDs , less that two minutes for WILDs ) , and on their report of either having realized they were dreaming while involved in a dream ( DILD ) or having entered the dream directly from waking while retaining lucidity ( WILD ) .
Alongside the physiological analysis we scored each dream report for the presence of various events that are typical of OBEs , such as feelings of body distortion ( including paralysis and vibrations ) , floating or flying , references to being aware of being in bed , being asleep or lying down , and the sensation of leaving the body ( for instance , " I was floating out - of - body " ) .
RESULTS : MORE OBE - LIKE EVENTS IN WILDS
Ten of the 107 lucid dreams qualified as OBEs , because the dreamers reported feeling like they had left their bodies in the dream .
Twenty of the lucid dreams were WILDs , and 87 were DILDs .
Five of the OBEs were WILDs ( 28 % ) and five were DILDs ( 6 % ) .
Thus , OBEs were more than four times more likely in WILDs than in DILDs .
The three OBE - related events we looked for also all occurred more often in WILDs than in DILDs .
Almost one third of WILDs contained body distortions , and over a half of them included floating or flying or awareness of being in bed .
This is in comparison to DILDs , of which less than one fifth involved body distortions , only one third included floating or flying , and one fifth contained awareness of bed .
The reports from the five DILDs that we classified as OBEs were actually much like those from the WILD - OBEs .
In both the dreamers felt themselves lying in bed and experiencing strange sensations including paralysis and floating out - of - body .
Although these lucid dreams sound like WILDs , we had classified them as DILDS because the physiological records showed no awakenings preceding lucidity .
However , it is possible that these people could have momentarily become aware of their environments ( and hence been " awake " ) while continuing to show the brainwaves normally associated with REM sleep .
The science of the EEG is not sufficiently advanced that we can tell what people are experiencing by looking at their brainwaves .
Anecdotes from dream reports indicate that people sometimes become aware of sensations from their sleeping bodies while dreaming -- for example , the dream in which you are trying to run while your legs become heavier and heavier , perhaps because you are feeling their true immobile condition .
OBES AND WILDS OUTSIDE THE LABORATORY
Our laboratory studies showed us that when OBEs happen in lucid dreams they happen either when a person reenters REM sleep right after an awakening , or right after having become aware of being in bed .
However , we wondered if this relationship would apply to OBEs and lucid dreams that people experience at home , in the " real world . "
Not being able to take the sleep lab to the homes of hundreds of people ( the DreamLight may soon give us this capacity ! ) , we took a survey about OBEs and other dream - related experiences , somewhat like the past studies referred to earlier .
The difference between our survey and previous ones is that in addition to asking if people had had OBEs , we asked specifically about certain events that we know to be associated with WILDs , namely , lucid dreaming , returning directly to a dream after awakening from it , and sleep paralysis .
A total of 572 people filled out our questionnaire .
They were either students in an introductory psychology course or readers of the NightLight .
About a third of the group reported having had at least one OBE .
Just over 80 percent had had lucid dreams .
Sleep paralysis was reported by 37 percent and 85 percent had been able to return to t a dream after awakening .
People who reported more dream - related experiences also reported more OBEs .
For example , of the 452 people claiming to have had lucid dreams , 39 percent also reported OBEs , whereas only 15 percent of those who did not claim lucid dreams said they had had OBEs .
The group with the most people reporting OBEs ( 51 % ) were those who said they had experienced lucid dreams , dream return , and sleep paralysis .
We would expect people who can return directly to dreams after an awakening to be prone to having WILDs , and therefore also to have frequent lucid dreams .
Indeed , in this survey , people reporting frequent dream return also tended to report frequent lucid dreams .
Thus , we believe that the fact that dream return frequency was linked with OBE frequency in this study gives further support to our laboratory research finding that WILDs were associated with OBEs .
WHAT DO WE KNOW NOW ?
Our two studies have compared the frequency of OBEs in the two types of lucid dream , and surveyed the relative frequency of OBEs and dream - related events in a large number of people .
We have thereby learned that when OBEs happen during lucid dreams , they generally happen in lucid dreams that arise from brief awakenings in REM sleep , and that people who have certain special dream experiences are more likely to have OBEs that people who do not .
These dream experiences include returning to the dream state after an awakening , lucid dreaming and sleep paralysis .
Above we described our operating theory that OBEs occur when people lose input from their sense organs , as happens at the onset of sleep , while retaining consciousness .
This combination of events is especially likely when a person passes directly from waking into REM sleep .
In both states the mind is alert and active , but in waking it is processing sensory input from the outside world , while in dreaming it is creating a mental model independent of sensory input .
This model includes a body .
When dreaming , we generally experience ourselves in a body much like the " real " one , because that is what we are used to .
However , our internal senses in the physical body , which when we are awake inform us about our position in space and the movement of our limbs .
This information is cut off in REM sleep .
Therefore , we can dream of doing all kinds of things with our dream bodies -- flying , dancing , running from monsters , being dismembered -- all while our physical bodies lie safely in bed .
During a WILD , or sleep paralysis , the awake and alert mind keeps up its good work of showing us the world it expects is out there -- although it can no longer sense it .
So , then we are in a mental - dream - world .
Possibly we feel the cessation of the sensation of gravity as that part of sensory input shuts down , and then feel that we are suddenly lighter and float up , rising from the place where we know our real body to be lying still .
The room around us looks about the same , because that is our brain 's best guess about where we are .
If we did not know that we had just fallen asleep , we might well think that we were awake , still in touch with the physical world , and that something mighty strange was happening -- a departure of the mind from the physical body !
The unusual feeling of leaving the body is exciting and alarming .
This , combined with the realistic imagery of the bedroom is enough to account for the conviction of many OBE experients ' that " it was too real to be a dream . "
Dreams , too , can be astonishingly real , especially if you are attending to their realness .
Usually , we pass through our dreams without thinking much about them , and upon awakening remember little of them .
Hence , they seem " unreal . "
But waking life is also like that -- our memory for a typical , mundane day is flat and lacking in detail .
It is only the novel , exciting , or frightening events that leave vivid impressions .
If we stop what we are doing , we can look around and say , " Yes , this world looks solid and real . "
But , if you look back and try to recall , for instance , brushing your teeth this morning , your memory is likely to be vague and not very life - like .
Contrast this to a past event that excited or alarmed you , which is likely to seem much more " real " in retrospect .
Lucid dreamers often comment to themselves in dreams , " I know this is a dream , but it all seems so incredibly real ! "
All this goes to show that the feeling that an event is real does not mean that it is happening in the physical world that we all share when we are awake .
This is not to deny that that inner experiences are real , in that they have deeply profound effects on our lives .
However , as lucid dreaming so amply demonstrates , we can learn to distinguish between our personal dreams and events in the consensus dream we call physical reality .
When we do , we find that what we thought was one thing -- the waking world -- is actually another -- a dream .
Proof that some or even most OBEs are dreams is not enough to allow us to say that a genuine OBE is impossible .
However , in the interests of lucidity , if you have an OBE , why not test to see if the OBE - world passes the reality test ?
Is the room you are in the one you are actually sleeping in ?
If you have left your body , where is it ?
Do things change when you are not looking at them ( or when you are ) ?
Can you read something twice and have it remain the same on both readings ?
If any of your questions and investigations leave you doubting that you are in the physical world , is it not logical to believe you are dreaming ?
Another point to consider is that a dream does n't always have to happen in REM sleep .
Most do , but there are probably quite a few other conditions in which people can lose touch with sensory experience and enter a mental world .
Some such states that we know of are hypnotic trance , anesthesia , and sensory isolation .
OBEs have been reported from these states ( Nash et al. , 1984 ; Olson , 1988 ) .
Thus , the argument that an OBE cannot be a dream because the experient was n't asleep does n't hold water .
THE " IN - THE - BODY " EXPERIENCE
To end this discussion of the origins of the OBE , an event considered unbelievable by many and metaphysical by others , let 's consider the state of affairs that is considered normal : the " in- the - body " experience .
What does it mean to be in a body ?
Saying that one is in a body implies that the self is an object with definite borders capable of being contained by the boundaries of another object -- the physical body .
However , we do not have any evidence that the self is such a concrete thing .
What we think of as " out - of - body " in an OBE is the experience of the self .
This experience of being " in " a body is normally based on perceptual input from the senses of both the world external to the body and the processes within the body .
These give us a sense of localization of the self in space .
However , it is the body , and its sense organs , that occupy a specific locus , not the self .
The self is not the body or the brain .
If we think that the self is a product of brain function , even this does not make it reasonable to state that the self is in the brain -- is the meaning contained in these words in this page ?
It may not make any sense on an objective level to say that the self is anywhere .
Rather , the self is where it feels itself to be .
Its location is purely subjective and derived from input from the sensory organs .
Putting aside the question of the essential nature of the self , perception is undeniably a phenomenon tied to brain function .
So , when we find ourselves experiencing a world that seems much like the one we are used to perceiving with our usual equipment -- eyes , ears , etc. , all things linked to our brains , it would be logical to assume that it is our usual brain creating the experience .
And , if we were to really leave our bodies -- severing all connection with them -- it would be illogical to assume that we would see the world in the same way .
Therefore , although no amount of contradictory evidence can rule out the possibility of a real " out of body experience , " in which an individual exists in some form entirely independent of the body , it is highly unlikely that such a form would utilize perceptual systems identical to those of the physical human form .
Spiritual teachings tell us that we have a reality beyond that of this world .
The OBE may not be , as it is easily interpreted , a literal separation of the soul from the crude physical body , but it is an indication of the vastness of the potential that lies wholly within our minds .
The worlds we create in dreams and OBEs are as real as this one , and yet hold infinitely more variety .
How much more exhilarating to be " out- of - body " in a world where the only limit is the imagination than to be in the physical world in a powerless body of ether !
Freed of the constraints imposed by physical life , expanded by awareness that limits can be transcended , who knows what we could be , or become ?
REFERENCES
Blackmore , S. ( 1983 ) .
Beyond the body .
London : Granada .
Blackmore , S. ( 1984 ) .
A postal survey of OBEs and other experiences .
Journal of the Society for Psychical Research , 52 : 227-244 .
Blackmore , S. ( 1988 ) .
A theory of lucid dreams and OBEs .
In Gackenbach , J. and LaBerge , S. , ( Eds. ) , Conscious Mind , Sleeping Brain , p. 373-387 .
New York : Plenum .
Everett , H. C. ( 1963 ) .
Sleep paralysis in medical students .
Journal of Nervous and Mental Disease , 136 : 283-287 . Eysenck , M. W. ( 1982 ) .
Attention and arousal .
Berlin : Springer - Verlag .
Faraday , A. ( 1976 ) .
The dream game .
Harmondsworth , England : Penguin .
Fox , O. , quoted in Muldoon , S. & Carrington , H. ( 1974 ) .
The Projection of the Astral Body , p. 35 .
New York : Samuel Weiser .
Gabbard , G. O. and Twemlow , S. W. ( 1984 ) .
With the eyes of the mind .
New York : Praeger .
Glicksohn , J. ( 1989 ) .
The structure of subjective experience : Interdependencies along the sleep - wakefulness continuum .
Journal of Mental Imagery , 13 : 99-106 .
Green , C. E. ( 1968 ) .
Out - of - the - body experiences .
London : Hamish Hamilton .
Honegger , B. ( 1979 ) .
Correspondence .
Parapsychology Review , 10 : 24 - 26 .
Irwin , H. J. ( 1981a ) .
Some psychological dimensions of the out - of - body experience .
Parapsychology Review , 12 : 1 - 6 . Irwin , H. J. ( 1988 ) .
Out - of - the - body experiences and dream lucidity .
In Gackenbach , J. and LaBerge , S. , ( Eds. ) , Conscious Mind , Sleeping Brain , p. 353-371 .
New York : Plenum .
LaBerge , S. ( 1986 ) .
Lucid dreaming .
New York : Ballantine .
LaBerge , S. Levitan , L. , Brylowski , A. , and Dement .
W. C. ( 1988 ) .
" Out - of - body " experiences occurring in REM sleep ( abstract ) .
Sleep Research , 17 : 115 . LaBerge , S. unpublished data LaBerge , S. , Levitan , L. , and Dement , W.C. ( 1986 ) .
Lucid dreaming : Physiological correlates of consciousness during REM sleep .
Journal of Mind and Behavior , 7 : 251-258. LaBerge . S. ( 1986 ) .
Lucid dreaming .
New York : Ballantine .
Levitan , L. Lucidity Letter McKellar , P. ( 1957 ) .
Imagination and thinking .
New York : Basic Books .
Muldoon , S. & Carrington , H. ( 1974 ) .
The Projection of the Astral Body , p. 35 .
New York : Samuel Weiser .
Nash , M. R. , Lynn , S. J. , and Stanley , S. M. ( 1984 ) .
The direct hypnotic suggestions of altered mind / body perception .
American Journal of Clinical Hypnosis , 27 : 95-102 . Olson , M. ( 1988 ) .
The incidence of out - of - body experiences in hospitalized patients .
Journal of Near - Death Studies , 6 : 169-174 . Poynton , J. C. ( 1975 ) .
Results of an out - of - the - body survey .
In Poynton , J. C. ( ed. ) Parapsychology in South Africa .
Johannesburg : South African Society for Psychical Research .
Salley , R. D. ( 1982 ) .
REM sleep phenomena during out - of - body experiences .
Journal of the American Society for Psychical Research , 76 : 157-165 .
Zubeck , J.P. , Pushkar , D. , Sansom , W. & Gowing , J. ( 1961 ) .
Perceptual changes after prolonged sensory isolation ( darkness and silence ) .
Canadian Journal of Psychology , 15 : 83-100 .
========================================================================
In the summer of 2007 , Israel instated a new procedure regarding residents of the Gaza Strip wishing to exit Gaza in order to receive medical treatment .
According to the procedure , authorization some of these requests are authorized only if the resident first undergoes a questioning by the Israeli Security Agency ( ISA ) .
In a response by the Prime Minister 's Office to a letter from Physicians for Human Rights ( PHR ) on 22 May 2008 , the purpose of the questioning was described as " evaluating the degree of danger posed by the applicant . "
However , testimonies given to human rights organizations in Israel indicate otherwise .
The organizations have documented cases in which the ISA has exploited the questionings to exert inappropriate pressure on ill persons , with the aim of forcing them to collaborate with the Agency and give information to agents , as a prerequisite for receiving a permit to exit Gaza for medical treatment .
As the questionings take place in Erez Checkpoint , the ISA has even used them , in some cases , as a means to arrest persons and take them to interrogation within Israel .
As part of a petition relating to several individuals filed to the Israeli High Court of Justice by PHR on 8 November 2007 , the organization requested that the ISA be forbidden to condition exiting Gaza on giving information and collaborating .
After solutions were found for most of the patients for whom the petition was filed , the justices chose to refrain from the addressing the phenomenon itself .
According to data collected by PHR , from January to August 2008 , of 3,760 patients who submitted requests for exit permits from the Gaza Strip , 325 were questioned by the ISA and 1,310 had to cancel the medical appointments set for them and re-submit their requests .
' Abd al - Karim al - ' Atal , a resident of Jabalya , in the Gaza Strip , was arrested and interrogated by the ISA in September 2009 .
His description of the events clearly demonstrates the ISA 's wrongful use of this procedure .
Al - ' Atal , 18 , is losing his sight .
According to a testimony he gave to B'Tselem , physicians told him he needed a cornea transplant , and that it could not be done in Gaza .
In July 2009 , the physicians referred him to St. John Eye Hospital , in East Jerusalem .
According to al - ' Atal , he requested the liaison office in the Gaza Strip to coordinate his entry into Israel for treatment .
Following the request , he received a call from the ISA summoning him for a meeting at Erez Checkpoint .
On the morning of 6 September 2009 , he arrived at the checkpoint , and after undergoing a security check , he was taken to a waiting room .
A few minutes later , two Hebrew - speaking men searched him , cuffed his hands behind his back , blindfolded him , and took him to another room .
Al - ' Atal related that he was questioned for several hours , during which he was asked about the physician who had referred him to treatment in Israel , about his uncle , who is residing in Egypt , and about family members .
The interrogator accused him of having forged the medical documents and threatened to arrest him for forgery .
The interrogator also accused him and his brothers of being commanders in the Hamas military wing , and warned him that , given these suspicions , it would be very difficult for him to enter Israel unless he aided the ISA and spied on his relatives for the Agency .
According to al - ' Atal , at the end of the questioning , the interrogator told him he was being detained .
He was taken by jeep to the detention center in Ashkelon , where he was examined by a physician and then placed in isolation , as he described :
" I was standing there .
They removed the blindfold , took off the cuffs , and told me to enter a cell that looked about 130 cm X 130 cm large .
The walls were black and very rough , so I could n't lean on them with my back or straighten my legs .
There was a yellow light bulb .
Next to the cell was a toilet hole which stank and had lots of insects around it . "
Later , he states , he was taken to court , were the judge ordered that he be detained for ten days .
Al - ' Atal was then taken to interrogation , which he described in his testimony :
" He handed me a piece of paper .
The prison 's laws and instructions were written on it .
I was so tired and exhausted , I could barely read it .
Also , I could n't see well .
I handed it back to him .
He said they wanted to bring me a copy printed in Braille .
I replied that , if it is Allah 's will , I 'll be able to read Braille one day .
Then he ordered me to sit on a small chair that was fixed to the floor , bound my hands , behind me , to the chair , and told me to put my legs next to each other .
This is a very tiring and exhausting position .
Then he accused me of all kinds of things .
He put his face right in front of mine and said I 'm a terrorist and know where weapons are stored , and that I 'm in contact with my uncle Mansur Shalail , and with Salem Thabet and Amir a - Sharif , of the al - Aqsa Brigades .
He shouted in my face , and saliva spattered from his mouth .
When he stopped talking , I told him I did n't know anything .
He said I did , and that they 'd hold me 180 days , and that I 'd talk at some point .
I told him I was ill and could n't see , and to do those things , I had to have better sight .
He continued until three in the morning . "
In the days that followed , al - 'Atal states that he was repeatedly interrogated while tied in painful positions and held in freezing cold under an air - conditioner .
At some stage , he was connected to a device that policemen told him was a polygraph machine .
As the ten - day period of detention was coming to an end , he was taken to a room with persons who were presented as detainees , but were apparently men who were planted there to encourage him to talk .
They , too , tried to extract information from him .
The next day , he was taken back to court , where his detention was extended again , this time for eight days .
He was taken back to interrogation .
Four days later , he was taken to Erez Checkpoint and released .
No legal measures were taken against him .
As yet , Al - ' Atal has not received a permit to enter Israel to obtain medical treatment , and he is liable to lose his sight .
Ich ziehe meine Hut vor Diether Krebs , der heute vor 10 Jahren viel zu frÃ¼h verstorben ist .
Nicht nur wegen seines „ Lebenswerkes „ , sondern insbesondere wegen dieser Entscheidung :
Weil die SPD zunehmend Einfluss auf die Drehbuch - Autoren der Ã¤uÃŸerst erfolgreichen Serie ausÃ¼bt , steigt Krebs nach zwei Jahren wieder aus .
( Quelle : WDR himself )
Gemeint ist die Serie „ Ein Herz und eine Seele “ , in der sich Krebs als „ Sozi - Schwiegersohn “ von Ekel Alfred hitzige Wortgefechte mit seinem konservativen Schwiegervater lieferte .
Die SPD befÃ¼rchtete , dadurch WÃ¤hler verloren zu haben .
Verloren hatte daraufhin allerdings auch die Serie , denn von der 2 .
Staffel , die mit Klaus Dahlen ( der die Rolle von Diether Krebs Ã¼bernahm ) und Helga Feddersen ( als Else Tetzlaff ) neu besetzt war , wurden 1976 nur noch 4 Folgen produziert , ehe „ Ein Herz und eine Seele “ eingemottet wurde .
Das Thema „ EinfluÃŸnahme der Politik auf das Fernsehen “ besteht also nicht erst seit Koch / Brender .
Micro-blogging site Twitter is developing technology that will prevent government censorship after Iran and China moved to censor its users .
Speaking at the World Economic Forum , Twitter CEO and co-founder Evan Williams said the company was working on hacks to stop any blocking by foreign governments .
We are partially blocked in China and other places and we were in Iran as well , he said .
The most productive way to fight that is not by trying to engage China and other governments whose very being is against what we are about .
Williams said Twitter had an advantage in evading government censors over a singular website as its streams are distributed through a number of outlets , including syndicating sites and mobile applications .
Twitter was among a number of social networking sites who were asked to make a statement about censorship at the Davos conference .
The debates comes on the heels of a declaration from Google that it would discontinue to censor search results in China , following allegations of cyber- attacks origination from the country .
Technology is increasingly playing a more important role in free speech .
Last year Twitter was used heavily in reporting first - hand post-election oppression in Iran , and subsequently used to organize rebellion .
Williams said he did not want to give details of the changes , but said he was hopeful for technological ways to thwart censorship .
LOW LINE
A low pool enclosure will allow you to swim freely in your pool either open to enjoy the cooling breeze of a summer ’s day or enclosed to protect you against elements at colder times of the year .
The crystal - clear polycarbonate panels that our pool enclosures are made of , does not restrict the view of the landscape of your garden whilst making it possible to enjoy a free swim in a protected , pleasant and comfortable environment .
When direct sunlight hits the panels , even on cloudy days , the diffused rays permeate the enclosure , warming the area inside .
Please take a moment to look at the available styles and various colours .
In response to fan uproar over being unable to embed OK Go's YouTube videos , lead singer Damian Kulash wrote the following letter .
It 's an eye - opening — and discouraging — inside account of how poorly the major labels manage the music you love .
Advertisement
To the people of the world , from OK Go :
This week we released a new album , and it 's our best yet .
We also released a new video – the second for this record – for a song called This Too Shall Pass , and you can watch it here .
We hope you 'll like it and comment on it and pass the link along to your friends and do that wonderful thing that that you do when you 're fond of something , share it .
We want you to stick it on your web page , post it on your wall , and embed it everywhere you can think of .
Advertisement
Unfortunately , as of now you can't embed diddlycrap .
And depending on where you are in the world , you might not even be able to watch it .
We 've been flooded with complaints recently because our YouTube videos can't be embedded on websites , and in certain countries can't be seen at all .
And we want you to know : we hear you , and we 're sorry .
We wish there was something we could do .
Believe us , we want you to pass our videos around more than you do , but , crazy as it may seem , it 's now far harder for bands to make videos accessible online than it was four years ago .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
See , here 's the deal .
The recordings and the videos we make are owned by a record label , EMI .
The label fronts the money for us to make recordings – for this album they paid for us to spend a few months with one of the world 's best producers in a converted barn in Amish country wringing our souls and playing tympani and twiddling knobs – and they put up most of the cash that it takes to distribute and promote our albums , including the costs of pressing CDs , advertising , and making videos .
We make our videos ourselves , and we keep them dirt cheap , but still , it all adds up , and it adds up to a great deal more than we have in our bank account , which is why we have a record label in the first place .
Fifteen years ago , when the terms of contracts like ours were dreamt up , a major label could record two cats fighting in a bag and three months later they 'd have a hit .
No more .
People of the world , there has been a revolution .
You no longer give a shit what major labels want you to listen to ( good job , world ! ) , and you no longer spend money actually buying the music you listen to ( perhaps not so good job , world ) .
So the money that used to flow through the music business has slowed to a trickle , and every label , large or small , is scrambling to catch every last drop .
You can't blame them ; they need new shoes , just like everybody else .
And musicians need them to survive so we can use them as banks .
Even bands like us who do most of our own promotion still need them to write checks every once in a while .
Advertisement
But where are they gonna find money if no one buys music ?
One target is radio stations ( there 's lots of articles out there .
here 's one ) .
And another is our friend The Internutz .
As you 've no doubt noticed , sites like YouTube , MySpace , and Blahzayblahblah.cn run ads on copyrighted content .
Back when Young MC 's second album ( the one that did n't have Bust A Move on it ) could go Gold without a second thought , labels would 've considered these sites primarily promotional partners like they did with MTV , but times have changed .
The labels are hurting and they need every penny they can find , so they 've demanded a piece of the action .
They got all huffy a couple years ago and threatened all sorts of legal terror and eventually all four majors struck deals with YouTube which pay them tiny , tiny sums of money every time one of their videos gets played .
Seems like a fair enough solution , right ?
YouTube gets to keep the content , and the labels get some income .
The catch : the software that pays out those tiny sums does n't pay if a video is embedded .
This means our label does n't get their hard - won share of the pie if our video is played on your blog , so ( surprise , surprise ) they wo n't let us be on your blog .
And , voilá : four years after we posted our first homemade videos to YouTube and they spread across the globe faster than swine flu , making our bassist 's glasses recognizable to 70 - year - olds in Wichita and 5 - year - olds in Seoul and eventually turning a tidy little profit for EMI , we 're – unbelievably – stuck in the position of arguing with our own label about the merits of having our videos be easily shared .
It 's like the world has gone backwards .
Advertisement
Let 's take a wider view for a second .
What we 're really talking about here is the shift in the way we think about music .
We 're stuck between two worlds : the world of ten years ago , where music was privately owned in discreet little chunks ( CDs ) , and a new one that seems to be emerging , where music is universally publicly accessible .
The thing is , only one of these worlds has a ( somewhat ) stable system in place for funding music and all of its associated nuts - and - bolts logistics , and , even if it were possible , none of us would willingly return to that world .
Aside from the smug assholes who ran labels , who'd want a system where a handful of corporate overlords shove crap down our throats ?
All the same , if music is going to be more than a hobby , someone , literally , has to pay the piper .
So we 've got this ridiculous situation where the machinery of the old system is frantically trying to contort and reshape and rewire itself to run without actually selling music .
It 's like a car trying to figure out how to run without gas , or a fish trying to learn to breath air .
So what 's there to do ?
On the macro level , well , who the hell knows ?
There are a lot of interesting ideas out there , but this is not the place to get into them .
As for our specific roadblock with the video embedding , the obvious solution is for YouTube to work out its software so it allow labels to monetize their videos , wherever on the Internet or the globe they 're being accessed .
That 'll surely happen before too long because there 's plenty of money to be made , but it 's more complicated than it looks at first glance .
Advertisers are n't too keen on paying for ads when they do n't know where the ads will appear ( " Dear users of FoxxxyPregnantMILFS.com , try Gerber 's new low - lactose formula ! " ) , so there are a lot of hurdles to get over .
Advertisement
In the meantime , the only thing OK Go can do is to upload our videos to sites that allow for embedding , like MySpace and Vimeo .
We do that already , but it stings a little .
Not only does it cannibalize our own numbers ( it tends to do our business more good to get 40 million hits on one site than 1 million hits on 40 sites ) , but , as you can imagine , we feel a lot of allegiance to the fine people at YouTube .
They 've been good to us , and what they want is what we want : lots of people to see our videos .
When push comes to shove , however , we like our fans more , which is why you can take the code at the bottom of this email and embed the " This Too Shall Pass " video all over the Internet .
With or without this embedding problem , we 'll never get 50 zillion views on a YouTube video again .
That moment – the dawn of internet video – is gone .
The internet is n't as anarchic as it was then .
Now there are Madison Avenue firms that specialize in " viral marketing " and the success of our videos is now taught in business school .
But here 's a secret : zillions of hits was never the point .
We 're a rock band , and it 's a great gig .
Not just because we get to snort drugs off the Queen of England ( we do ) , but because the only thing we are expected to do is make cool stuff .
We chase our craziest ideas for a living , and if sharing those ideas takes 40 websites instead of one , it does n't make too big a difference to us .
Advertisement
So , for now , here 's the bottom line : EMI wo n't let us let you embed our YouTube videos .
It 's a decision that bums us out .
We 've argued with them a lot about it , but we also understand why they 're doing it .
They 're aware that their rules make it harder for people to watch and share our videos , but , while our duty is to our music and our fans , theirs is to their shareholders , and they believe they 're doing the right thing .
Here 's the embed code for the Vimeo posting [ Note : play the video and click " embed " to copy code ] :
Advertisement
OK Go - This Too Shall Pass from OK Go on Vimeo .
Go forth and put it everywhere , please .
And buy our album .
It 's great .
Yours Truly ,
Damian ( on behalf of OK Go )
Reprinted with permission from OK Go .
Photo : Damian with former Pixies frontman Frank Black
Last week , to mark the 51st anniversary of Fidel Castro 's revolution , a couple of thousand Cubans assembled on a plaza facing the American diplomatic mission in Havana .
They danced to amplified salsa music and paid little heed when a man on stage tried to excite them with shouts of " Viva Fidel ! Viva Raúl ! Viva la Revolución ! "
It was a far cry from the days when vast crowds gathered to hear Castro deliver extended rants against imperialism and promise his people a glorious future .
Today Castro is frail and out of sight .
His elderly brother , Raúl , did not turn out for this year 's anniversary either .
Their sclerotic immobility aptly reflects the collapse of hope that defines Cuba today .
Vestiges of revolutionary enthusiasm survived into the 1980s , when I last visited Cuba .
Millions had already lost faith in the promise of Caribbean communism , but millions still clung to it .
Today believers are hard to find .
People I met told me that they had a burst of hope two years ago , when Castro retired from active politics and turned the regime over to his brother .
But life remains much as before , and the island has slipped into paralysing lassitude .
" Finding enough food for our families and a roof over our heads is the extent of our dreams these days , " one man sighed .
Who would have imagined that Cuba would become an importer of food – even importing sugar , of all things , from the United States , of all places ?
Or that an entire generation of Cubans – those born in the early 1990s , when the end of Soviet subsidies brought a plague of hunger to the island – would be born malnourished and grow up stunted ?
Or that the birth rate would plummet , leaving the prospect of an aging population without working people to support it ?
Or that most groceries would be for sale only in hard currency , which is unavailable to most Cubans ?
Or that fishing would be all but forbidden because the regime fears that anyone with a boat will make straight for Florida ?
Or that the country Americans once treated as a giant bordello , a hotbed of degradation that Castro set out to wipe away , would once again become the hemisphere 's leading destination for sex tourists ?
Cuba 's tragedy is different from the one that envelops nearby countries such as Haiti or Honduras .
This country has both the human and natural resources to become happy and prosperous .
What stands in its way is the regime 's stubborn insistence that private enterprise is by nature evil .
" We have three successes : education , health care and social equality , " one Cuban told me .
" And we have three big problems : breakfast , lunch and dinner . "
Another put it more directly .
" In 51 years of revolution , we have not learned that agriculture is what keeps a country alive . "
Most Cubans are desperate for work , and vast amounts of land lie fallow .
If allowed to plant food and sell it freely , people here could once again feed themselves .
The regime , however , realises that this would be a profound capitulation to history .
Better to let a nation waste away than to compromise the principle that the state must control everything .
What does the future hold for this benighted island ?
With President Obama facing a host of more important challenges , a quick change in the foolish American policy of isolating Cuba is unlikely .
Nor does anyone here expect a transition to democracy after the Castro brothers die .
There is little prospect that a Havel or Mandela or Walesa could emerge here .
The military will likely remain Cuba 's dominant institution .
It will allow a managed opening , and will become the business partner of foreign investors – including Cuban - Americans – in a variety of joint ventures .
Tourism will flourish .
There will be space for private enterprise .
A decade from now Cuba will be a better place than it is now .
It will remain , however , far from fulfilling its enormous potential .
Few outsiders will care , because Cuba , once a powerful force whose revolution inspired the world , has become poor and insignificant .
Some widely prescribed drugs for depression provide relief in extreme cases but are no more effective than placebo pills for most patients , according to a new analysis released Tuesday .
The findings could help settle a longstanding debate about antidepressants .
While the study does not imply that the drugs are worthless for anyone with moderate to serious depression  many such people do seem to benefit  it does provide one likely explanation for the sharp disagreement among experts about the drugs ’ overall effectiveness .
Taken together , previous studies have painted a confusing picture .
On one hand , industry - supported trials have generally found that the drugs sharply reduce symptoms .
On the other , many studies that were not initially published , or were buried , showed no significant benefits compared with placebos .
The new report , appearing in The Journal of the American Medical Association , reviews data from previous trials on two types of drugs and finds that their effectiveness varies according to the severity of the depression being treated .
After a week of Leno - bashing , took time after his monologue on " The Jay Leno Show " tonight to address the giant elephant in the room known as Conan O'Brien and the " The Tonight Show . "
The following is a verbatim transcript , provided by NBC :
" I thought maybe I should address this .
At least give you my view of what has been going on here at NBC .
Oh , let ’s start in 2004 .
2004 I ’m sitting in my office , an NBC executive comes in and says to me , listen , Conan O’Brien has gotten offers from other networks .
We do n’t want him to go , so we ’re going to give him ‘ The Tonight Show . ’
I said , ‘ well , I ’ve been number one for 12 years . ’
They said , ‘ we know that , but we do n’t think you can sustain that . ’
I said , ‘ okay .
How about until I fall to number two , then you fire me ? ’
‘ No , we made this decision . ’
I said , ‘ that ’s fine . ’
Do n’t blame Conan O’Brien .
Nice guy , good family guy , great guy .
He and I have talked and not a problem since then .
That ’s what managers and people do , they try to get something for their clients .
I said , ‘ I ’ll retire just to avoid what happened the last time . ’
Okay .
So time goes by and we stay number one up until the day we leave .
We hand - ( applause ) - No , no .
Okay , but I ’m leaving before my contract is out .
About six to eight months early .
So before I could go anywhere else , I would be at least a year or 18 months before I could go and do a show somewhere else .
I said to NBC , ‘ would you release me from my contract . ’
They said , ‘ we want to keep you here . ’
Okay .
What are your ideas ?
They said , ‘ how about primetime ? ’
I said , ‘ that will never work . ’
No , no , we want to put you on at 10:00 .
We have done focus groups .
People will love you at 10:00 .
Look at these studies showing Jay ’s chin at 10:00 .
People will go crazy .
Did n’t seem like a good idea at the time .
I said , ‘ alright , can I keep my staff ? ’
There are 175 people that work here .
I said , ‘ can I keep my staff ? ’
Yes , you can .
Let ’s try it .
We guarantee you two years on the air , guaranteed .
Now for the first four or five months against original shows like “ CSI ” you ’ll get killed , but in the spring and summer when the reruns come , that ’s when you ’ll pick up .
Okay , great .
I agree to that .
Four months go by , we do n’t make it .
Meanwhile , Conan ’s show during the summer , we ’re not on , was not doing well .
The great hope was that we would help him .
Well , we did n’t help him any , okay .
They come and go , ‘ this show is n’t working .
We want to let you go . ’
Can you let me out of my contract ?
No , you ’re still a valuable asset to this company .
How valuable can I be ?
You fired me twice .
How valuable can I be ?
Okay .
So then , the affiliates are not happy .
The affiliates are the ones that own the TV stations .
They ’re the ones that sort of makes the decisions , they ’re not happy with your performance and Conan is not doing well at 11:30 .
I said , ‘ what ’s your idea ? ’
They said , ‘ well , look , how about you do a half hour show at 11:30 ? ’
Now , where I come from , when your boss gives you a job and you do n’t do it well , I think we did a good job here , but we did n’t ’ get the ratings , so you get humbled .
I said , ‘ okay , I ’m not crazy about doing a half hour , but okay .
What do you want to do with Conan ? ’
We ’ll put him on at midnight , or 12:05 , keeps “ The Tonight Show ” does all that , he gets the whole hour .
I said , okay .
You think Conan will go for that ?
Yes , yes .
( laughter ) Almost guarantee you .
I said okay .
Shake hands , that ’s it .
I do n’t have a manager , I do n’t have an agent , that ’s my handshake deal .
Next thing I see Conan has a story in the paper saying he does n’t want to do that .
They come back to me and they say if he decides to walk and does n’t want to do it , do you want the show back ?
I go , ‘ yeah , I ’ll take the show back .
If that ’s what he wants to do .
This way , we keep our people working , fine . ’
So that ’s pretty much where we are .
It looks like we might be back at 11:30 , I ’m not sure .
I do n’t know .
( applause ) I do n’t know .
But through all of this - through all of this , Conan O’Brien has been a gentleman .
He ’s a good guy .
I have no animosity towards him .
This is all business .
If you do n’t get the ratings , they take you off the air .
I think you know this town , you can do almost anything .
You get ratings they keep you .
I do n’t get ratings , he wants .
That was NBC ’s solution .
It did n’t work so we might have an answer for you tomorrow .
So , we ’ll see .
That ’s basically where it is . "
-- Maria Elena Fernandez ( follow me on Twitter @writerchica )
Photo : Jay Leno / Credit : Associated Press
Related
Taking on America's Nice Guy
Recipe : tomato soup
It WAS cold outside .
Today the weather is bounding back up to a balmy 24 °F around here and that means wind – lots of wind .
But before the winds came howling through , we had a couple of incredibly peaceful and calm days .
It even snowed ( thank goodness ) .
It ’s a morning ritual when snow has fallen to check the mountain stats at Eldora , our local ski hill .
They reported almost a foot of new snow and a current temperature of - 6 °F .
Normally I would n’t go near the mountain if they were below zero because our typical winds would make that a less than pleasant experience .
But it was a completely calm morning and the sun was shining so … - 6 °F did n’t sound so bad !
glorious morning so the black runs are still roped off
dice an onion and some garlic
melt butter and olive oil chicken broth and canned tomatoes
adding flour to sautéed onions and garlic pour in the puréed tomatoes
let simmer for 40 minutes one last spin through the blender
serve warm and happy
We had a solid first day of the season .
I know it ’s rather late , but if someone can find my snow … thanks .
Eventually , the cold did get the better of us and it was time to head home .
As my toes endured the painful thawing process in the car , my thoughts turned to some leftover soup I had waiting in the refrigerator .
Last month I had posted about a grilled steak sandwich which I love to pair with a bowl of hot tomato soup .
So many people asked about the tomato soup !
In all honesty , I buy Pacific Natural Foods ’ organic tomato soup .
It ’s one of the few that does n’t have milk products and actually tastes good to me .
But you people shamed me into making my own tomato soup because it seems ridiculous that I have never done it before .
I wondered if I could even attempt making tomato soup seeing as fresh tomatoes are many many months away .
While I was looking for another recipe , my eyes scanned across the wordson the spine of a Fine Cooking issue – March 2008 to be precise .
Flipping through , I discovered that I did n’t need fresh tomatoes .
In fact , they recommended my favorite brand of canned tomatoes .
While I would normally use some of my own homemade chicken broth , I did n’t have any on hand ( I ’ve been on task to try and clear out the freezer ) .
When you use your own chicken broth , any store - bought variety is inferior , plain and simple .
In a pinch , I ’ll use Pacific ’s organic chicken broth .
Had I known that making your own tomato soup could be so easy , I probably would have started making mine from scratch years ago .
I particularly like that I can control the amount of salt and sugar that goes into my soup .
Most recipes add far too much of both for my taste .
So I have a question about blenders …
Do the buttons on a blender mean anything ?
Do they perform different tasks besides the OFF button ?
Chop , Grind , Purée , Crush , Mix , Blend , Stir , Massacre ?
I massacred those tomatoes into a purée and had to wonder about that .
Anyone ?
When the soup was ready , so was I .
You cannot have tomato soup without a grilled cheese sandwich .
Just like you cannot defy the Laws of Physics … EVER .
If you ’ve never made your own tomato soup , I encourage you to try it .
I discovered that I could really taste the tomatoes front and center for the first time without the added sugar and salt that normally plagues most canned or boxed varieties .
It ’s a little disconcerting to think how some mainstream food brands have conditioned us into expecting tomato soup to taste like a bowl of sodium .
Now I ’m excited to give this roasted tomato soup recipe a try .
2 tbsps extra-virgin olive oil
1 tbsp butter , unsalted
1 large white onion , finely chopped
1 large clove garlic , smashed and peeled ( okay , I minced it )
2 tbsps all - purpose flour
3 cups lower - salt chicken broth
28 oz .
whole peeled plum tomatoes , puréed ( include the juice )
1 1/2 tsps sugar
1 sprig fresh thyme
kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper
3 tbsps thinly sliced fresh basil , chives , or dill , or a mixture of the three
In a non-reactive 5 - to 6 - quart stock pot or Dutch oven , heat the oil and butter over medium - low heat to melt the butter .
Add the onion and garlic , stirring periodically until translucent and soft .
Take care not to brown them ( which is what I accidentally did ) .
Stir in the flour until the onion and garlic are coated .
Pour in the broth , puréed tomatoes , sugar , thyme , and about 1/ 4 teaspoon each of salt and pepper .
Bring the soup to a simmer over medium - high heat while stirring to prevent any sticking on the bottom of the pot .
Reduce the heat to low and let the soup simmer , covered for 40 minutes .
Remove the thyme sprig and let the soup cool a little before puréeing it in a blender or a food processor .
Rinse the pot ( or do like I did and just grab another one ) and pour in the soup .
Season to taste with salt and pepper and reheat if it has cooled too much .
Serve warm , garnished with herbs .
Makes 8 cups .
Physics
This provides a comprehensive collection of audio / video courses and lectures in physics from educational institutions around the world .
The courses and lectures cover various subjects in physics : general physics , classical mechanics , modern physics , quantum mechanics , neutrino physics , particle physics , plasma physics , statistical mechanics , astronomy and cosmology , quantum chromodynamics , string theory , field theory , quantum field theory , quantum electronics , electricity and magnetism , general relativity , special relativity , and mathematical physics .
Video Astrobiology and the Search for Extraterrestrial Life
This contains lectures on various concepts typically covered in a general physics course : mathematical methods , conservation , rotational motion , oscillatory motion , fluids , thermodynamics , electromagnetic waves , and electronics .
Video Electromagnetism and Optics
Video Gravity and Light
This contains video lectures on string theory conducted by Shiraz Minwalla , who is a professor at Tata Institute of Fundamental Research in Mumbai .
If you love Photoshop and own a fridge , these magnets might be for you .
It ’s a sure fire way to make any photo you post on your fridge look Photoshopped .
What else can I say about Photoshop magnets except that I am disappointed they did n’t include a magnet for the cursor .
Next maybe I ’ll create some photoshop banners to hang throughout the house .
Yup .
I ’m a nerd .
Get your own nerdy Photoshop fridge magnets here on ThinkGeek
As we reported a few weeks back , anti-gay activists in Texas had mobilized in an effort to defeat gay Houston mayoral candidate Annise Parker but failed .
Via Alan Colmes , we get this story from ABC 13 in Houston of what happened on election night when Eric Story , a supporter of one of Parker ’s opponents , lead the gathering in prayer and said they could not stand idly by and allow Parker ’s lifestyle to become accepted and warned that Houston was going to come under God ’s judgment :
Last night , Colmes had Story , who is himself running for Congress , on his radio program to defend his position .
Story insisted that Parker had “ flaunted ” her lifestyle , a lifestyle that is “ contrary to God ’s word . ”
He went on to insist America is a “ Christian nation ” and declared that he would “ never be accepting of this lifestyle ” and that nobody who is gay could ever be a good role model because , again , “ it is contrary to God ’s word . ”
He likewise defended his statement that when any society becomes supportive of the gay lifestyle , God renders judgment upon it and warned that God would do so to Houston .
Then , for some reason , Story blamed Fox News for the fact that voters in Houston did n’t know that Parker was gay .
The interview then got even more bizarre when Colmes quoted Story as saying that “ when a city or a state or a nation accepts the homosexual lifestyle , history tells us that destruction follows , that judgment follows ” to which Story strenuously objected because Colmes mistakenly quoted him as saying “ holy judgment follows . ”
Apparently the fact that Colmes added “ holy ” to the quote was greatly offensive to Story , even though Story readily admitted that that is exactly what he meant and exactly what he believes will happen to Houston , which he likened to Sodom and Gomorrah :
We 've seen humanoid bots ranging from the cute to the downright insane with none of them ever coming close to commercial viability , but stick an Eee in front of their name and all bets are off .
ASUS , the company that started the seemingly unlikely netbook revolution ( sorry , FIC ) , is about to apply its golden touch to the field of consumer - friendly robotics .
Intended to serve as an educational tool for young children to interact with , the EeeBot will be driven by a modified version of the aptly titled Android OS and ASUS is said to be hard at work developing a content and services ecosystem around the hardware .
Teased technologies include voice , video and navigation abilities , but we 'll have to wait a while before we see any of it since production wo n't begin for another two years .
Ravenscourt Park Escorts
Alana
Jessika
yana
Luiza
Maxi
The Ravenscourt area is based predominantly around a huge park in South West London .
With a reputation known around the area for being particularly green and idyllic , Ravenscourt Park offers a great many Londoners refuge from the concrete urban setting that they spend most of their lives surrounded by .
Proudly wearing a Green Flag Award under its belt ( Green Flag Awards are designated to particularly excellent park areas across the country ) , Ravenscourt Park sits comfortably among the higher reaches of the list of most idyllic parks in London .
A mere stone ’s throw away from Hammersmith and other thriving areas , should one find themselves gorged on tranquil views of squirrels climbing trees and geese swimming across the lake , they can re-immerse themselves in the urban setting from whence they came quite easily .
The Ravenscourt area , aside from offering peaceful scenery , also offers some of the most attractive escorts in the city .
Ravenscourt Park escorts are consistently stunning , fun , flirtatious and sexy .
Many who visit the area to unwind in their free time among the trees will not go wrong hiring one of the beautiful escorts Ravenscourt Park has to offer , as they have all possess beauty that rivals ( and compliments ) the scenery .
The escorts in Ravenscourt Park are very knowledgeable in how to help their clients relax and unwind , and are the perfect method of achieving ultimate relaxation when visiting the area .
Those lucky enough to inhabit the residences surrounding the park will most likely have spent time in the engaging company of a beautiful Ravenscourt Park escort before , and will most likely confirm the girls ’ uncanny ability to cater to every need of their clients .
Although well practiced in the art of helping clients relax , each escort Ravenscourt Park offers has an adventurous streak that can flair up when they are asked to accompany a client to one of the clubs or bars populating the surrounding areas .
If you have yet to experience the joys of spending time in the entertaining company of these gorgeous girls , you have yet to experience the full potential of what Ravenscourt Park can offer .
Tuesday , December 15 , 12:00 AM EDT Signs You Bought the Wrong Gift
11 . It was once owned by Paris Hilton .
10 .
Upon opening it rips a hole in the space - time continuum transporting your family to the planet where they make Slurm .
9 . Even Tiger Woods feels sorry for you .
8 . Stephenie Meyer endorses it .
7 . The product name has the word " carcass " in it , and not in a good way .
6 . After opening , it gets smashed in your face repeatedly , and that 's not its intended purpose .
5 . It 's RIAA - approved .
4 . Your kids ask to be put up for adoption .
3 . The people on 4 chan said it would be a great gift .
2 . Every Geiger counter in a 10 mile radius begins to crackle .
1 . You found it buried in an old Indian burial ground that 's rumored to be cursed .
This one goes to 11 .
Previous Story :
BBspot Mailbag Next Story :
EA Acquires Sierra Entertainment , Merges Tiger Woods and Leisure Suit Larry Franchise
At least their friend who dressed up as the captain ’s chair was able to fit right in .
- Alex
[ 1/09 Update :
In case there was any doubt , Dogfish Head more or less confirmed on Twitter ]
( Escondido , CA ) – Yesterday , Stone Brewing announced that its first collaboration partners of the year will be two fellow Californians : Firestone Walker out of Paso Robles and 21st Amendment Brewery of San Francisco .
This morning , Jon Abernathy of the BrewSite and the HopPress reported that Stone will be working with Dogfish Head and Victory Brewing next .
Stone Brewing has spearheaded a major trend in collaborations over the past year .
Founder / CEO , Greg Koch , made it the center of his keynote at last year ’s Craft Brewers Conference and the industry has responded in a big way .
Coast to coast , brewers are working together from Massachusetts - based Boston Beer Co. ‘s announced project with Weihenstephan to Washington - based Elysian Brewing ‘s partnership with New Belgium Brewing .
Stone ’s set of 2009 collaborations features a who ’s who of the craft beer scene : AleSmith , BrewDog , Jolly Pumpkin , Mikkeller , Nogne O , Cambridge Brewing ( and homebrewer , Ken Schmidt ) .
For 2010 , the brewery has already lined up some big names . . .
The first collaboration will be with Brewmaster , Matt Brynildson of Firestone Walker , and Co-Founder / Brewmaster , Shaun O’Sullivan of the 21st Amendment .
O’Sullivan is also a frequent guest on The Brewing Network radio show and was recently featured in an episode of The Hopcast .
Here is the information on a Meet the Brewers night happening at the Stone Bistro and Gardens on January 15 ( 5 pm ) courtesy of the brewery website :
“ Join us at the Bistro ’s outside bar to celebrate our collective achievement , and you may even get to try some of the unfermented wort .
Have a pint with Matt , Shaun , and Mitch , and congratulate them on a job well done !
This will be a casual ebb and flow affair and no reservations are needed .
And remember that an essential part of collaboration is sharing , so feel free to bring a homebrew or two to share with everyone and we ’ll even waive the corkage fees ! ”
Stone Brewing is also planning to work with Dogfish Head ( presumably Sam Calagione ) and Bill Covaleski of Victory Brewing in March , according to Abernathy .
This is the first collaboration I am aware of featuring three of the top 50 craft breweries in the country .
All three are ranked in the top 35 and it is an East Coast - meets - West Coast style collaboration .
The brewers have all known each for a long time , too , so there should be some exciting synergy for this project .
No information about either brew or other 2010 collaboration partners has been released yet but stay tuned .
Muslims are conquering Europe because Christians have become too selfish and pagan to defend the spiritual heritage of the continent , a Vatican cardinal said this week .
Miloslav Vlk , who has served as archbishop of Prague since 1991 and was considered as a successor to John Paul II , launched an outspoken attack on Christians living in Europe and accused them of allowing Muslims to " Islamise " the continent .
He warned that Europe would " fall " to Islam if people continued to deny their Christian roots .
In an interview published on his website , Vlk blamed immigration and high birth rates among Muslims for filling " the vacant space created as Europeans systematically empty the Christian content of their lives " .
The 77 - year - old said : " Europe has denied its Christian roots from which it has risen and which could give it the strength to fend off the danger that it will be conquered by Muslims – which is actually happening gradually .
If Europe does n't change its relation to its own roots , it will be Islamised .
" At the end of the Middle Ages and in the early modern age , Islam failed to conquer Europe with arms .
The Christians beat them then .
Today , when the fighting is done with spiritual weapons which Europe lacks while Muslims are perfectly armed , the fall of Europe is looming . "
It was Muslims and not Christians , said Vlk , who were shaping the spiritual outlook of Europe .
" The Muslims definitely have many reasons to be heading here .
They also have a religious one – to bring the spiritual values of faith in God to the pagan environment of Europe , to its atheistic style of life . "
In a separate interview , a second cardinal criticised Islam for repressing religious freedom .
Cardinal Jean - Louis Tauran , who served as the Vatican 's foreign minister from 1990 to 2003 and was appointed president of the Pontifical Council for Interreligious Dialogue in 2007 , urged countries to protect the right of religious freedom in their laws .
He told the Italian newspaper L'Osservatore Romano that such protection was assured in various Muslim countries with the exception of Saudi Arabia , where nearly 2 million Christians were deprived of public prayer gatherings .
" They feel tolerated rather than a partner in public dialogue .
And this does not do anyone any good . "
He also commented on the Swiss referendum to ban the construction of new minarets , and seemed to approve of the outcome .
" Naturally it is necessary to harmonize construction with the atmosphere in which it comes to be a part , with the city landscape , the cultural context , and the complex of the laws and norms that regulate the life of the society . "
But even supporters of the rules acknowledge that the benefits can be hard to measure .
“ I happen to think the campaign finance laws have done some modest good , ” said Richard L. Hasen , an expert on political law at the Loyola Law School in Los Angeles .
“ How much good ?
We may soon find out , ” he added , in the aftermath of the Supreme Court ’s ruling on Thursday in Citizens United v. the Federal Election Commission .
Supporters of the restrictions point to Britain to show that governments can police corruption without imperiling free speech .
Britain started regulating political spending as far back as 1883 and has tightened the rules steadily ever since .
Those British restrictions would violate the Supreme Court ’s view of the First Amendment , yet Britain ’s political debates are as robust as they are in the United States .
Opponents of restrictions , on the other hand , point out that Australia barely regulates political money .
Individuals and corporations can give without limit .
Parties can spend freely .
And there is not much disclosure about who gives what to whom .
But political corruption has not threatened a vibrant democracy there .
In the United States , studies comparing states like Virginia with scant regulation against those like Wisconsin with strict rules have not found much difference in levels of corruption or public trust , several scholars said .
Jeff Milyo , an economist at the University of Missouri , has compared states with strict bans on corporate contributions to political parties against those with no limits at all .
“ There is just no good evidence that campaign finance laws have any effect on actual corruption , ” he said .
The most insistent advocates of the campaign finance laws argue that the benefits are real even if academics can’t measure them .
Fred Wertheimer , the dean of campaign finance “ reformers , ” pointed to the presidential campaign finance system as the best example of success .
For five elections beginning in 1976 , the presidential candidates of both major parties took public financing and did not receive private campaign contributions .
“ You ca n’t prove a negative , ” Mr. Wertheimer said , “ but in the Carter and Reagan presidencies there were no news stories about campaign contributions influencing presidential decisions . ”
By the 2008 election , however , that system had grown obsolete .
Candidates could raise far more from private donors , and President Obama became the first major candidate since Richard M. Nixon to win election without public money .
The Israeli cabinet has approved plans to designate some Jewish settlements in the occupied West Bank as national priority zones , entitling them to millions of dollars in extra state funds .
The settlements are regarded as illegal under international law , but will now qualify for new grants and tax benefits , as well as housing and education aid .
Tim Franks reports from Jerusalem .
A group of researchers at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology edged out about 4,300 other teams on Saturday in a Pentagon - sponsored contest to correctly identify the location of 10 red balloons distributed around the United States .
The contest , which featured a $ 40,000 prize , was organized by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency , in an effort to develop new ways to understand how information is disseminated through social networks .
The winning group , a small team at the M.I.T. Media Laboratory Human Dynamics Group led by a physicist , Riley Crane , took just eight hours and 56 minutes to complete the challenge .
The balloons , which were 8 feet in diameter , were arrayed around the country .
Some were in highly trafficked locations like Union Square in San Francisco ; others were in more obscure places , like Katy Park , a baseball field in the Houston suburbs .
The higher costs and inferior reliability of government - mandated wind power and solar power are well known to students of the electricity market .
Many analyses on wind and solar have documented their real - world problems .
But another negative aspect of wind and solar technologies is their failure to live up to their raison d’être : emissions reduction .
As I have explained in a four - part post , firming intermittent electric generation requires very inefficient fossil - fuel generation that creates incremental emissions compared to a situation where there is not wind or solar and fossil - fired generation can run more smoothly .
This is a huge insight , a game changer , that could take the renewable energy debate in a new direction entirely .
A number of studies are emerging that quantify both the cost premium of politically - forced renewables and the minimal amounts of emissions reduction ( and even notable emissions increase ) resulting from their use .
Country - specific studies ( such as the one under review ) present a methodology that is applicable to other jurisdictions ( such as the U.S. ) to better assess policy options and their consequences for all stakeholders , including taxpayers .
Peter Lang ’s important new study , Emissions Cuts Realities – Electricity Generation , analyzes five options for the Australian electricity system for cutting CO2 emissions over the period 2010 to 2050 compared to business - as - usual ( BAU ) in terms of cost .
The range of CO2 emissions reductions by 2050 compared to 2010 is from zero to 80 % .
The conclusions that Lang draws include :
The nuclear option provides the largest reduction in CO2 emissions – 80 % .
Any CO2 emissions reduction achieved with wind and solar thermal ( there are arguably none and even increases ) is “ achieved ” at a very high cost – 250 - 300 % of 2010 costs .
Lang ’s analysis is very conservative .
The author ’s preference seems to be to gain an unassailable beachhead in a very contentious debate .
But in reviewing his data , I see confirmation that new wind or solar capacity provide marginal reduction in CO2 emissions at best .
I would even argue that there are emission increases because any reductions due to new renewables are dependent upon solar thermal technology development by 2020 providing sufficient thermal storage to allow operation for 8,000 hours per year .
Other conclusions that can be reached are :
The nuclear option provides an effective ‘ bridge ’ to future generation technologies .
The extraordinarily large funding required for the implementation of new renewables in this period would be better spent on energy efficiency / conservation programs and in research and development for other technologies , such as carbon capture and storage ( CCS ) , nuclear waste management , nuclear fusion and solar .
In summary , Lang ’s study and other considerations provide another illustration of the failure of industrial - scale new renewables , particularly wind and in the near future , solar , to meet societies ’ goals .
They do not provide the impact that is needed in terms of energy independence , avoidance of fossil fuel use and reductions in CO2 emissions that conventional wisdom , with all its inadequacies , dictates .
My summary of Lang ’s paper follows .
Options Investigated
The BAU option is illustrated in the following chart from Lang ’s paper ( all charts reproduced with permission ) .
It shows the electricity production projected to 2050 .
The five options investigated replacing all the coal production by 2040 in accordance with realistic build rates , with the remaining BAU generation unchanged .
The electricity production from the replacing generation must provide for that of the replaced coal plants .
Figure 1 – Electricity Production for Business as Usual
In 2010 , about 70 % of electricity generation uses coal , followed by natural gas and hydro .
The five options considered to replace the coal portion entirely are :
Combined Cycle Gas Turbine ( CCGT ) Nuclear and CCGT Wind and gas , including CCGT and OCGT ( Open Cycle Gas Turbine ) Solar thermal and CCGT Solar thermal , wind and gas ( including CCGT and OCGT )
Solar thermal has some inherent storage capability due the thermal inertia of the heat transfer fluids , which will smooth out short term fluctuations .
As well , it is assumed that technology development by 2020 will provide sufficient thermal storage to allow 8,000 hours per year operation , eliminating the need for shadowing / backup by other generation plants , as is required by wind .
The results show the combined effect of the BAU case , minus coal , plus that of the replacement technologies .
Results
Figure 2 summarizes the outlook for CO2 emissions for all the options .
Note that Option 3 ( Nuclear & CCGT ) provides over 80 % savings , which is a target that many claim to be necessary in the context of combating climate change .
Figure 2 – Projected CO2 Emissions for Coal Replacement
Lang ’s options 5 and 6 merit some comment .
First , Option 6 will be discussed , and to assist in this , it is necessary to look at the chart for this projection , which is shown in Figure 3 .
Figure 3 – Option 6 ( Solar & Wind & Gas )
In Figure 3 , focus on the top four segments , Solar Thermal , Wind energy , OCGT and CCGT .
This represents the coal replacement complement for Option 6 .
The gas component below this is that already present in the BAU scenario ( see Figure 1 ) .
The model was built assuming a given build rate for solar and wind , which results in a certain level of production .
The difference required to meet the necessary total MWh was then added as additional gas production , including OCGT and CCGT .
However , this replacement gas production is not sufficient to balance the amount of wind present .
It should be about at least twice the wind production to avoid adversely affecting electricity system reliability .
This change would increase the gas component and reduce some combination of that for Solar Thermal and Wind energy accordingly .
These changes would likely increase Option 6 ( Solar & Wind & Gas ) to about the same level of CO2 emissions as Option 5 ( Solar & CCGT ) .
With respect to Option 5 , as mentioned above , it is assumed that technology development by 2020 will provide sufficient thermal storage to allow 8,000 hours per year operation , eliminating the need for shadowing / backup by other generation plants , as is required by wind .
Inasmuch as this is generous , it will overstate the benefits attributable to both options 5 and 6 .
The resulting CO2 emissions could easily increase to the same level as options 2 and 4 , that is , showing no decease relative to 2010 .
A few model parameters are generous to new renewables .
Less generous treatment could easily show increases over 2010 in CO2 emissions for all options that involve wind and solar .
The wind capacity factor of 30 % is at the high end of general experience world - wide , especially in extensive implementations .
Lang reduces my calculator ’s CO2 emissions increase rates for OCGT and CCGT in a wind shadowing / backup role by 50 % , which is arguably conservative .
Extensive studies are needed to establish the level that should be used .
As I have indicated elsewhere , the availability of multiple gas turbine engine - generator sets may allow some gas turbines to run more efficiently in a wind shadowing / backup role .
Countering this are other considerations , such as , the grid topology may not allow this type of co-operation of plants across an electricity system .
Turning now to costs , Figure 4 shows the resulting impact on electricity costs per MWh , which speaks eloquently for itself .
Figure 4 – Electricity Costs per MWh
Suffice it to say that the three options involving new renewable energy technologies will result in electricity cost increases from 250 % to over 300 % of the 2010 levels .
Conclusions
Lang presents further proof that industrial - scale renewable capacity additions , particularly wind and in the near future , solar , are problematic in terms of meaningfully reducing emissions .
They do not provide the impact that is needed in terms of energy independence , avoidance of fossil fuel use , and reductions in CO2 emissions that conventional wisdom , with all its inadequacies , dictates .
Acknowledging that we must make efficient use of all our resources and in the absence over the next few decades of significant advances in CCS technologies and breakthroughs in energy conservation / efficiency , we must look to nuclear fission plants as a bridge to future electricity generation capabilities .
In the meantime , the extensive resources needed for new renewable energy implementations would be better spent on energy conservation / efficiency measures and , perhaps of greater importance , research and development for future technologies including : CCS , nuclear waste management , nuclear fusion and solar .
As electricity is an essential resource for the well - being of people in all countries , approaches to providing it must be soundly based .
To that end , Lang provides a much - needed and effective road map .
Lang , Peter ( 2010 ) .
Emissions Cuts Realities – Electricity Generation : Cost and CO2 emissions projections for different electricity generation options for Australia to 2050 .
In a current project , I 've got a typical architecture : DB Store , API , Server talking to a variety of clients , including Mobile , and Web ( GWT ) .
I wanted very much to use a single POJO model for my API and at least my web app , potentially my Android app as well .
I made the following technology choices , running on Google App Engine : Objectify for ORM - this maps POJOs directly to the GAE datastore .
Light , fast , nice .
Restlet for API and client - server communication - well - supported versions for GAE , GWT , and Android My hope was that this stack would meet my requirements , and not paint me into any corners with respect to other platforms ( such as iOS ) later .
I wanted my API to be able to use multiple transport protocols ( e.g. , GWT RPC , JSON , XML , etc. ) .
Eventually I ran into issues with Jackson ( the default OOTB JSON serialization framework that comes with Restlet ) not being able to serialize Objectify key objects .
This was due to the Objectify Key class having a self - referencing loop on the root property .
Since this is a dynamically generated property , it is safe to remove it from the serialization rules used by Jackson .
It took me a fair amount of research to figure out how to do that , and it's my hope that this post will help someone else figure out how to get by this issue .
The basic idea is that you need to replace the OOTB JacksonCoverter with your own custom converter that makes use of the concept of Jackson Mixins to ignore the getRoot method on the Objectify Key class .
Mixins are a very cool Jackson concept that allow you to , in effect , inject annotations into a class that is handled by the Jackson serialization framework .
Normally , you would need to get the source for the Key class , add annotations to the root property , and then recompile .
Mixins allow you to do the equivalent without access to the original source .
You will need to create three classes .
You can pretty much just copy them as I have them here .
If you 're using Restlet , you will also need to register your new ConverterHelper with the Restlet infrastructure .
I did this in my Restlet Application class in the createInboundRoot method : RestletApi.java /** * Creates a root Restlet that will receive all incoming calls .
*/ @ Override public Restlet createInboundRoot ( ) { Router router = new Router ( getContext ( ) ) ; // Defines only one route router.attach ( " / foo " , FooServerResource.class ) ; router.setRoutingMode(Router.MODE_BEST_MATCH ) ; // add the GWT mapping in the metadata service getMetadataService ( ).setDefaultMediaType(MediaType.APPLICATION_JSON ) ; getMetadataService ( ) .addExtension ( " gwt " , MediaType.APPLICATION_JAVA_OBJECT_GWT ) ; // replace the OOTB JacksonConverter with the a converter that will work with the objectify Key class replaceConverter ( JacksonConverter.class , new FixedJacksonConverter ( ) ) ; return router ; } /** * Registers a new converter with the Restlet engine , after removing the first * registered converter of the given class .
* * Taken from : * http://restlet.tigris.org/ds/viewMessage.do?dsForumId=4447&dsMessageId * =2716118 */ static void replaceConverter ( Class <? extends ConverterHelper > converterClass , ConverterHelper newConverter ) { ConverterHelper oldConverter = null ; List< ConverterHelper > converters = Engine.getInstance().getRegisteredConverters ( ) ; for ( ConverterHelper converter : converters ) { if ( converter.getClass ( ).equals( converterClass ) ) { converters.remove( converter ) ; oldConverter = converter ; break ; } } converters.add( newConverter ) ; if ( oldConverter == null ) { System.err.println ( " Added Converter to Restlet Engine : " + newConverter.getClass().getName( ) ) ; } else { System.err.println ( " Replaced Converter " +oldConverter.getClass ().getName ( ) + " with " + newConverter.getClass ().getName ( ) + " in Restlet Engine " ) ; } } FixedJacksonConverter.java import java.util.
List ; import org.restlet.data.MediaType ; import org.restlet.engine.resource.VariantInfo ; import org.restlet.ext.jackson.JacksonConverter ; import org.restlet.ext.jackson.JacksonRepresentation ; import org.restlet.representation.Representation ; import org.restlet.representation .Variant ; public class FixedJacksonConverter extends JacksonConverter { private static final VariantInfo VARIANT_JSON = new VariantInfo( MediaType.APPLICATION_JSON ) ; @ Override protected < T> JacksonRepresentation < T> create ( MediaType mediaType , T source ) { return new FixedJacksonRepresentation < T>( mediaType , source ) ; } @ Override protected < T> JacksonRepresentation < T> create ( Representation source , Class < T> objectClass ) { return new FixedJacksonRepresentation <T>( source , objectClass ) ; } @ Override public List < Class < ? >> getObjectClasses( Variant source ) { List < Class <?>> result = null ; if ( VARIANT_JSON.isCompatible( source ) ) { result=addObjectClass( result , Object.class ) ; result=addObjectClass( result , FixedJacksonRepresentation.class ) ; } return result ; } }
FixedJacksonRepresentation.java import org.codehaus.jackson.map.ObjectMapper ; import org.restlet.data.MediaType ; import org.restlet.ext.jackson.JacksonRepresentation ; import org.restlet.representation .Representation ; import com.googlecode.objectify .Key ; public class FixedJacksonRepresentation < T> extends JacksonRepresentation < T> { public FixedJacksonRepresentation ( MediaType mediaType , T object ) { super ( mediaType , object ) ; } public FixedJacksonRepresentation ( T object ) { super ( object ) ; } public FixedJacksonRepresentation ( Representation representation , Class < T> objectClass ) { super ( representation , objectClass ) ; } @ Override protected ObjectMapper createObjectMapper ( ) { ObjectMapper ret = super.createObjectMapper( ) ; // inject the mixin that will allow us to properly serialize Objectify Key objects ... ret.getSerializationConfig().addMixInAnnotations( Key.class , JacksonMixIn.class ) ; ret.getDeserializationConfig().addMixInAnnotations( Key.class , JacksonMixIn.class ) ; return ret ; } }
JacksonMixin.java import org.codehaus.jackson.annotate.JsonIgnore ; import com.googlecode.objectify .Key ; public interface JacksonMixIn { @ JsonIgnore < V> Key < V> getRoot ( ) ; }
The content on this page is accurate as of the posting date ; however , some of our partner offers may have expired .
Please review our list of best credit cards , or use our CardMatch ™ tool to find cards matched to your needs .
Wealthy consumers who enjoy leisure activities such as tennis , skiing and international vacations are top targets for identity thieves , according to a new report .
A report released Wednesday by credit bureau Experian shows that fraudsters are on the hunt for the most affluent suburban consumers .
Compared to the general population of credit applicants , Experian says these consumers live in and around metropolitan areas , favor leisure activities , have college diplomas or advanced degrees and more often tend to be married .
“ The crooks are going where the money is , ” says Gail Hillebrand , senior attorney with Consumers Union , the nonprofit publisher of Consumer Reports magazine .
Most common traits , activities
Experian identifies the common activities of those most often victimized by ID theft :
• Tennis
• Politics
• Foreign travel
• Charities / volunteering
• Cultural / arts
• Skiing
Where — and how — these consumers live also seems to make them more of a target .
“ The opportunities to steal discarded documents would be greater in suburban areas , ” says Linda Sherry , director of national priorities with advocacy group Consumer Action .
“ More affluent households may have domestic help and service people who may have the opportunity to steal personal info from the home that can be used to acquire credit . ”
[ newsletters ]
How did Experian identify this group of wealthy victims ?
The bureau ’s Fraud and Identity Solutions group — in conjunction with Experian Marketing Services — compared credit application data with thousands of individual fraud records between January 2007 and November 2008 .
It found that three of its 12 demographic groups were the most highly sought - after by identity thieves : “ affluent suburbia , ” “ upscale American ” and the more middle - class “ American diversity ” category of consumers .
Experian found that compared with the general population of credit applicants , the consumers most often victimized by fraudsters tend to own more new and luxury vehicles and live in higher - income neighborhoods that contain many more homeowners than renters .
Additionally , these borrowers tend to be based in densely populated metropolitan areas and often reside in multifamily homes or condos .
Thieves are n’t the only group focusing on wealthy borrowers .
“ Lenders are obviously targeting some of these demographics as well , ” with better and more frequent offers of financial goods and services , says Keir Breitenfeld , director of product management for Experian ’s Fraud and Identity Solutions group .
As a result , thieves who target these consumers and steal their information have an easier time getting credit and services in their victims ’ names .
“ If you ’re a fraudster , you want to assume the identity of someone who can go out and get high - value services , ” Breitenfeld says .
How to protect yourself
Consumer advocates , meanwhile , say that if the affluent can be victimized by ID thieves , anyone can .
“ You ca n’t protect yourself .
Even the most affluent suburban households , it ’s still happening to them , ” Hillebrand says .
She says that banks and other institutions have an obligation to better guard consumer data .
“ We do n’t have much control over that as individual consumers .
People who receive our data decide how carefully to protect our information , ” Hillebrand says .
However , Experian says lenders need to strike a balance between guarding consumers and not making them struggle unnecessarily to get approved for credit .
If consumers must jump through too many hoops in order to get a loan , Experian says , the bank may end up losing their business .
Still , Experian says its report suggests that financial institutions may want to do more to protect certain high - risk borrowers .
But it ’s not only lenders who need to take steps to guard against identity theft .
“ If you fall into that category , you may want to consider those services ” aimed at preventing ID theft , says Maxine Sweet , Experian ’s vice president of public education .
Those services include :
• Credit freezes .
Both Experian and Consumers Union say freezes offer benefits , but they can also mean added work for the consumer , such as getting a cell phone or utility service .
“ You have to be willing to be actively engaged in managing your credit report if you freeze , ” Sweet says .
• Credit monitoring .
Credit monitoring , meanwhile , offers alerts about credit report activity — typically for a price .
Monitoring offers “ piece of mind that every month there has been no activity and if there is activity you get a warning , ” Sweet says .
Consumers may also decide to fight for more ID theft protection from the government , including more oversight of players in financial system and restrictions on how borrowers ’ personal data can be collected and how long it can be kept , Hillebrand says .
She points to one of the interests highlighted by Experian ’s report .
“ If the people who are getting ripped off are interested in politics , they should get politically active , ” she says .
See related : 10 things you should know about identity theft , How to check for , fix ID theft or fraud , Identity theft sample letters , Personal finance predictions for 2010 : ID theft , How to opt out of mail , e-mail and telemarketing solicitations
A tantalizing question arises in profound debates about the nature of the human mind :
If Van Gogh or Mozart had been on Prozac , would they have been spared the agony of depression or would the world have been denied their great art ?
The financial crisis and ensuing deep recession raise an analogous question .
Do we face a choice : A dynamic , volatile economy with painful episodes like the recent one to get faster long - run growth in living standards versus a more stable economy with fewer crises but also slower growth over time ?
...
HUNTSVILLE , AL - " I believe the Bible is true , " Republican gubernatorial candidate Bradley Byrne said here Wednesday .
" Every word of it . "
Byrne 's testimony came as he tried to clarify an earlier statement seized on by his opponents for the GOP nomination .
Byrne had been quoted in the Mobile Press - Register in November as saying , " I believe there are parts of the Bible that are meant to be literally true and parts that are not . "
That quote has followed him , including to his appearance at a Piggly Wiggly grocery store in New Hope , where Byrne came to announce his first big endorsement this year , from the Alabama Retail Association .
When notice of the press conference was posted on al.com Wednesday morning , several posters said things similar to this :
" Just got a call from a person at my Church letting me know about this , " said uafan1198 .
" My family will not be shopping at Ragland Piggly Wiggly stores anymore or anything else they own ....
I do n't shop at places that think it is OK to stand next to people who do n't believe the Bible is all true . "
Byrne said at Piggly Wiggly that he had been misquoted .
The report has been used by his opponents in anonymous attacks since November , Byrne added .
Appearing with Byrne were executives of Ragland Brothers Retail Cos. Inc. , which owns Piggly Wiggly stores in North Alabama , including Chief Financial Officer Darrell Bourne , the immediate past chairman of the Alabama Retail Association .
Bourne and retail association Vice President Alison Wingate announced the 4,000 - member group 's support of Byrne , former head of Alabama 's two - year college system .
Byrne supports " the minimum of government intervention " in small business , Wingate said .
Byrne , standing in front of the collard greens in the produce section , thanked the association and praised small and medium - sized businesses such as the 300 - employee Ragland group .
He repeated his promise not to raise taxes if elected and voiced support for tax credits to businesses that hire new workers .
" We do n't tax our way out of this recession , Byrne said .
" We grow our way out . "
Byrne also said he would open a small " office for innovation and entrepreneurship " in the governor 's office to stimulate new small businesses .
That 's an idea he picked up in Huntsville , Byrne said .
World Class Athletes Promote Marijuana
World class athletes have been caught using recreational drugs for years but what makes the recent cases of Tim Lincecum , Michael Phelps , and Santonio Holmes remarkable is that they have been outed at the peak of their careers .
In these three instances , law enforcement has helped obliterate the mainstream myth that marijuana smokers cannot be overachievers in amazing physical conditions .
» more at : Narco Polo Posted
By jamesk at 2009 - 11-30 21:10:28 permalink | comments »
More ways to bookmark this page
The Veritas Forum helps students and faculty ask life 's hardest questions .
Many of the world 's leading universities were founded to answer the big " why " questions .
Our mission is to help them confront these questions anew .
The first Veritas Forum was planned by students , faculty and chaplains at Harvard University in 1992 .
Since then , over 200 universities in North America and Europe have hosted over 2,000 Forums .
The Veritas Forum is committed to courageous conversations .
We place the historic Christian faith in dialogue with other beliefs and invite participants from all backgrounds to pursue Truth together .
Recent observations show that Beaufort Sea ice was not as it appeared in the summer of 2009 .
Sea ice cover serves as an indication of climate and has implications for marine and terrestrial ecosystems .
In early September 2009 , satellite measurements implied that most of the ice in the Beaufort Sea either was thick ice that had been there for multiple years or was thick , first - year ice .
However , in situ observations made in September 2009 by Barber et al . show that much of the ice was in fact " rotten " ice -- ice that is thinner , heavily decayed , and structurally weak due to a uniform temperature throughout .
The authors suggest that satellite measurements were confused because both types of ice exhibit similar temperature and salinity profiles near their surfaces and a similar amount of open water between flows .
The authors note that while an increase in summer minimum ice extent in the past 2 years could give the impression that Arctic ice is recovering , these new results show that multiyear ice in fact is still declining .
The results have implications for climate science and marine vessel transport in the Arctic .
The research appears in the journal Geophysical Research Letters .
Authors include David G. Barber , Ryan Galley , Matthew G. Asplin , Kerri-Ann Warner and Mukesh Gupta , Centre for Earth Observation Science , Faculty of Environment , Earth and Resources , University of Manitoba ; Roger De Abreu , Canadian Ice Service , Environment Canada ; Monika Pućko , Centre for Earth Observation Science , Faculty of Environment , Earth and Resources , University of Manitoba , and Freshwater Institute , Fisheries and Oceans ; Simon Prinsenberg , Bedford Institute of Oceanography , Fisheries and Oceans ; Stéphane Julien , Laurentian Region , Canadian Coast Guard .
Cars and people are seen passing near wind power turbines in Dali , in the China 's southwestern Yunnan province .
In energy - hungry Yunnan , power is being produced at wind farms , dams and garbage dumps as the Asian giant adopts more " green " technology thanks to carbon trading .
In the mountains above the southwestern Chinese town of Dali , dozens of new wind turbines dot the landscape -- a symbol of the country 's sky - high ambitions for clean , green energy .
At an altitude of 3,000 metres ( 9,800 feet ) , Dali Zhemoshan is the highest wind farm in China , where renewable energy has become a priority for a government keen to reduce its carbon emissions and which has taken full advantage of the global trade in carbon credits .
" Wind resources in Yunnan province are not the best in the country , " says Zhai Cheng , a project manager at the farm for the Chinese group Sinohydro .
" But at altitude , it becomes more interesting , " he adds , gesturing at the line of 48 metre - high turbines .
China , which relies on coal for more than 70 percent of its energy , is the world 's largest emitter of the greenhouse gases blamed for global warming .
But it has set a target of generating 15 percent of its energy from renewable sources -- mainly wind and water -- by 2020 .
In Yunnan , the wind turbines -- which operate at full tilt between October and April -- are there to boost the region 's enormous hydroelectric power resources when productivity falls during the winter months .
" China is redoubling its efforts , with the 2020 target for wind power generation rising from 30 to 100 gigawatts , " said Zhai .
The rapid boom in wind farming in China -- where installed capacity doubled in 2008 for the fourth year running to sit at 12.2 gigawatts -- places it behind only the United States , Germany and Spain .
" In terms of the scale and the pace of the build - up of the Chinese wind industry , it 's without parallel anywhere in the world ever , " said Steve Sawyer , secretary general of the Global Wind Energy Council ( GWEC ) .
" They went from very little installed capacity and almost no industry five years ago to the point where they will be the number one market in the world this year " in terms of new capacity , he said .
" At the current rate , they will be the number one in the world in cumulative capacity by the end of 2011 , early 2012 , " Sawyer predicted .
As well as major wind farms in the north of China , such as those in Gansu province , smaller projects -- like the one in Dali -- are multiplying , almost always relying on the Clean Development Mechanism ( CDM ) .
The CDM , which was created as part of the Kyoto Protocol , allows industrialised countries to fulfil part of their greenhouse gas reduction commitments by investing in clean energy technology in developing countries .
With a generating capacity of 30.75 megawatts , the 41 turbines in Dali produce the same amount of energy as the burning of 20,000 tonnes of coal -- thereby preventing the emission of 50,000 tonnes of carbon dioxide per year .
The carbon credits produced by the Dali pilot project , funded with a 30 - million - euro ( 45 - million - dollar ) loan from the French Development Agency , will be purchased by Dutch bank Rabobank , Zhai said .
Those credits should amount to between seven and eight percent of annual income , he added , predicting that the project should pay for itself in 10 to 15 years .
" The wind industry in China and India is one of the biggest success stories of the CDM , " said GWEC 's Sawyer .
" The Chinese example is a very good example : the only way you can make use of the market mechanism is if you have very clear and effective policies and measures to support the industry at the same time . "
The challenge for China now , he says , is one of quality .
" They have had this rapid build - up and now they have to focus on the quality rather than just the quantity .
Grid extension and connection is one issue , the performance of the turbines themselves is another . "
( c ) 2009 AFP
Explore further China triples wind power capacity goal : report
Fish Pie
Fish is good for the brain so serve up a helping of fish pie at dinner .
This recipe is creamy , tasty & looks good in mini ramekins .
Obama and his national security team .
Photo : Flickr user WhiteHouse
One unquestionable success of the Obama administration so far has been to turn the page on the failed Bush foreign policy framework .
Not so , says Robert Kagan , who reveals a perverse nostalgia for the previous paradigm in his recent writings in which he argues that the Obama administration is formulating foreign policy from a perspective that accepts , rather than fights , the decline of American power .
To understand this yearning for American policy of yore , you have to remember that American foreign policy leaders during the Bush administration clung to the false promise of primacy , the belief that the lynchpin of American security was for it to remain more powerful than all other countries by a huge , fixed margin .
Mona Sutphen and I described why this was a misguided strategy in our 2008 book , The Next American Century : How the U.S. Can Thrive As Other Powers Rise .
But the proof is in the pudding .
In the end , the primacy strategy did n’t deliver .
Primacy tempted our leaders into a reckless war in Iraq .
It did not prevent North Korea from acquiring nuclear weapons .
It did nothing to slow China ’s influence , as was its implicit goal .
And it wrecked , with Moscow ’s help , our relationship with Russia .
A fixation on primacy paradoxically managed to undermine the influence and authority America did have .
Nevertheless , the fact that the Bush administration embraced the notion of primacy was a comfort to the remaining Cold Warriors .
President Barack Obama ’s approach is different , to say the least .
His political allies and his detractors can agree that Obama sees foreign policy not in terms of asserting America ’s unparalleled might , but of seeking common cause , including with other major powers .
On the one - year mark of his presidency , the contours of the new paradigm are fairly clear :
Lead the world in addressing shared challenges
Treat other governments and peoples — friends and foes — with respect
Forge strategic collaborations with big , pivotal powers and demand responsibility from them on global challenges
Reinvigorate and repair existing alliances
Reengage with international institutions and rules , pushing for increased accountability
Make basic political and economic rights available to more people , knowing that democratic government is the best way to achieve this goal
As for primacy , Obama dismissed that as a strategy goal in his inaugural address when he observed , “ Our power alone cannot protect us . ”
Later , in Moscow , Obama elaborated on his view of great power relations , saying , “ a great power does not show strength by dominating or demonizing other countries … [ G ] iven our interdependence , any world order that tries to elevate one nation or group of people over another will inevitably fail .
The pursuit of power is no longer a zero - sum game — progress must be shared . ”
Robert Kagan now accuses President Obama of reorienting American foreign policy away from its WWII and Cold War roots , focusing on how “ to adjust ” to the decline in American primacy instead of trying to reverse it .
He portrays administration officials as naïve ideologues , buttering up autocracies and forsaking our democratic allies .
Kagan ’s analyses fail to discuss two major developments that demand a new approach — the increased potency of transnational threats and the new salience of domestic policy in America ’s world standing .
Kagan writes as if the Obama administration is engaging with re-emerging powers to prove an ideological point that great power strife is a relic of history .
Yet no staffer that I have ever spoken with would suggest that these relationships are beyond rivalry .
More importantly , Kagan does not reveal the Obama administration ’s reasons for pursuing strategic collaborations with China , Russia , India , and other pivotal powers .
In fact , these partnerships are necessary to protect Americans from common threats in terrorists , global warming , economic crises , nuclear proliferation , and pandemics such as swine flu — the forces of disorder that can and do affect Americans right here at home .
Kagan barely mentions these threats , but to keep its own people safe , America needs Russia to secure its loose nuclear materials so terrorists cant get it .
America needs China — the world ’s largest emitter — to cut down on its carbon .
And America needs India to help track extremists .
Moreover , America needs all of them to contain pandemics .
How can we get these big , proud countries to take these steps ?
Aggressive diplomacy .
Transnational threats also explain why the Obama administration is taking international institutions seriously .
It ’s not because the president is looking to attend more international meetings ; it ’s because international rules and institutions play a vital coordinating role when threats cross borders .
The World Health Organization led the battle against swine flu last year just as the International Monetary Fund bailed out a slew of countries headed toward financial ruin .
Fortunately , international architecture and traditional alliances are not mutually exclusive , as Kagan would imply .
It ’s still early days , but the Obama approach is paying dividends .
China has agreed to limit its carbon intensity .
And , for the first time last year , China not only voted for tough U.N. sanctions against Pyongyang ; it also enforced them , in contrast to Kagan ’s assertion that the administration has failed to gain “ any meaningful Chinese help in North Korea . ”
Russia has allowed the United States to transport supplies through its territory into Afghanistan .
The Global Initiative to Combat Nuclear Terrorism , co-chaired by the United States and Russia , is up and running again .
A successor to the START treaty to reduce our arsenal of nuclear weapons is not yet complete , but it ’s on the way .
And these nations and others agreed during the darkest days of the financial crisis to coordinate their macroeconomic moves .
Iran remains a challenge , but Beijing and Moscow did recently join in a harsh rebuke that the International Atomic Energy Agency issued .
Of course , we continue to have differences with these pivotal powers , including on human rights and democracy .
Kagan is simply wrong to suggest that administration officials have failed to “ continue to press Russia and China for reform . ”
They have , just not in a grandstanding , provocative way that ends up being counterproductive .
Here , for example , is what President Obama said in Moscow :
The arc of history shows us that governments which serve their own people survive and thrive ; governments which serve only their own power do not .
Governments that represent the will of their people are far less likely to descend into failed states , to terrorize their citizens , or to wage war on others .
Governments that promote the rule of law , subject their actions to oversight , and allow for independent institutions are more dependable trading partners .
And in our own history , democracies have been America ’s most enduring allies , including those we once waged war with in Europe and Asia– nations that today live with great security and prosperity .
And here is what he said in Beijing a few months later :
Finally , as I did yesterday in Shanghai , I spoke to President Hu about America ’s bedrock beliefs that all men and women possess certain fundamental human rights .
We do not believe these principles are unique to America , but rather they are universal rights and that they should be available to all peoples , to all ethnic and religious minorities .
And our two countries agreed to continue to move this discussion forward in a human rights dialogue that is scheduled for early next year .
Where does Kagan get the idea that Obama is not a champion for liberal democracy ?
The difference is that the Obama staffers have no illusions about how hard it is to impose a liberal transformation from the outside .
Every country has to forge its own future .
America can help , but we ca n’t call the shots .
Kagan also accuses administration officials of squandering American primacy .
“ Instead of attempting to perpetuate American primacy , ” he writes , “ they are seeking to manage what they regard as America ’s unavoidable decline relative to other great powers . ”
The truth is that America ’s relative decline is , in fact , unavoidable in the short term .
That ’s just a matter of definition when China ’s economy is growing at 8 percent or 10 percent , India ’s at 6 percent , and ours not at all .
It wo n’t always be this way , but it is now .
Rather than pretending otherwise , the administration is facing and addressing this uncomfortable fact .
Because while it is true that our toughest global challenges require cooperation , American power is a vital ingredient to securing the best possible future for Americans .
Kagan declines to mention domestic policy , yet rebuilding American strength is , at the end of the day , a task for us here at home .
Behind every great power is a great economy .
We can try to perpetuate our power and influence all we like , but if our economy does n’t begin to grow steadily again in the years to come , all our scrimping will be for naught — we simply will not be able to afford the tools for an expansive foreign policy , not to mention rising living standards for future Americans .
Growing American strength is not about rhetoric ; it involves tough political choices .
Getting politicians to prioritize long - term success over short - term gain is never easy .
The unifying theme of President Obama ’s domestic agenda is retooling America so it can prosper in the global economy .
That is what the health care debate , investments in basic science , green technologies , and public education are all about , not to mention the banking rules designed to prevent another bubble / bust cycle .
All of these investments would be a lot easier if the last administration had n’t committed a trillion dollars to a needless war .
Talk about squandering primacy .
America will bounce back .
And it will continue to be an indispensable nation , not because of our unassailable power , but because of our ideas , our flexibility , and our leadership–- the strengths that in fact enabled our still vast military superiority .
Fortunately , Barack Obama has proven to be a leader that reads America ’s virtues broadly , and enlists others in their promise .
Perhaps it is simply too inclusive a worldview for those that miss the clarity of a bipolar ideological contest .
But as Obama has pointed out , such clarity is a luxury we can no longer afford .
– Nina Hachigian
The ramps generate up to 50 kW of power
Dorset inventor Peter Hughes ' Electro - Kinetic Road Ramp generates around 10 kW of power each time a car drives over its metal plates .
More than 200 local authorities had expressed an interest in ordering the £ 25,000 ramps to power their traffic lights and road signs , Mr Hughes said .
Around 300 jobs are due to be created in Somerset for a production run of 2,000 ramps next year .
Plates in the ramp move up and down as vehicles pass over them , driving a generator .
" The ramp is silent , comfortable and safe for vehicles , " Mr Hughes said .
Inventor Peter Hughes spent £ 1 m developing the ramps
Depending on the weight of the vehicle passing overhead , between five and 50 kW can be generated .
The prototype was created and tested at Hughes Research unit at the Westland Helicopter base in Somerset , at a cost of £ 1m .
The concept has been developed by Dorset - based Mr Hughes over the past 12 years .
He recently approached councils across the country with the final patented project .
