The study shows that 10,000 tonnes of marijuana worth $ 35.8 bn ( £ 18.4 bn ) is grown each year ; the street value would be even higher .
This dwarfs the $ 23 bn - worth of corn grown , $ 17.6 bn - worth of soybeans and $ 12.2 bn - worth of hay .
Marijuana is the biggest cash crop in 12 states , with the value of pot grown outstripping peanuts in Georgia and tobacco in North and South Carolina .
In California , the biggest producer , it is worth $ 13.8 bn .
The report , Marijuana Production in the US , by DrugScience.org , which wants marijuana to be reclassified , says the drug is listed as a Schedule 1 drug , deemed to have no medicinal value and a likelihood of abuse .
Other such drugs include heroin .
The author , Jon Gettman , says the figures show the war on drugs is not working : " Illicit marijuana cultivation provides considerable unreported revenue for growers without corresponding tax obligations to compensate the public for the social and fiscal costs related to [ its ] use . "
His suggestion that the crop be legalised and taxed was rejected by the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy , which pointed to countries with large drug cash crops , notably Colombia and Afghanistan .
The report says output in the US has grown tenfold in the last 25 years .
The boom in domestic production has in part been fuelled by tougher border controls after 9/11 .
As smuggling from Mexico has become more difficult the drug cartels have moved their operations into the US , often creating plantations in remote national park land .
Former leader Mikhail Gorbachev admits some mistakes were made
I received a call at 0500 on 26 April 1986 , informing me that a major accident , followed by a fire , had just occurred in the fourth block of the Chernobyl nuclear power station , but that the reactor was still intact .
In those early hours , until the evening of 26 April , we had not yet realised that the reactor had actually exploded and that there had been a huge discharge of radioactive materials into the atmosphere .
Nobody had any idea that we were facing a major nuclear disaster .
Naturally , we can regret , today , after the fact , that we did not grasp everything more quickly .
[ At the time ] , I was astounded : how was such a thing possible ?
Nuclear scientists had always assured the country 's leadership that our nuclear reactors were completely safe .
' Not panicking '
Immediately after the accident , the management of the station gave the order to flood the reactor with water , because they were not aware that the reactor had exploded and there was nothing left to extinguish .
Finally , the pool under the reactor and some underground locations were filled up with water .
Scientists were afraid that if the hot mass of nuclear fuel and graphite were to rupture the bottom of the reactor 's tank and fall into radioactive water , this would create the conditions for a further nuclear explosion .
We were not panicking ... but we urgently needed to pump out this water .
This was completed at the beginning of May .
In this way , such an explosion , however slight its probability , was effectively prevented .
There were other threats that needed to be eliminated with the utmost urgency .
In the beginning even the top experts did not realise the gravity of the situation
Firstly , there remained the danger that the mass at the heart of the reactor would rupture its tank and even blast through the foundations of the building housing the reactor , so coming into contact with the soil and leading to a major contamination of groundwater .
We also had to prevent the radioactive waste and debris from around the plant from contaminating the waters of the Dnieper and Desna rivers .
This required operations on a massive scale ...
But , of course , our main concern was to evacuate the population from the most contaminated areas .
On 27 April we performed an exemplary operation : in just three hours the entire population of Pripyat , located very close to the power station , was evacuated .
And in the early days of May , we evacuated everybody living within a 30 km radius of the power station , in dozens of localities : a total of 116,000 people .
Told the truth ?
Quite simply , in the beginning even the top experts did not realise the gravity of the situation .
I confess that we were afraid of panic - you can imagine for yourselves the consequences of a terrible panic in a town of several million inhabitants
Certainly , I will not exclude the possibility that certain functionaries , who were afraid of being accused of not having taken the correct measures , had a tendency to embellish their reports .
But , for the most part , I believe that I was kept informed in good faith by my representatives .
We did not cancel the May Day parades [ in Kiev and Minsk ] because we still did not have information on the full extent of the disaster .
I confess that we were afraid of panic - you can imagine for yourselves the consequences of a terrible panic in a town of several million inhabitants .
I admit that it was a grave mistake .
We published the first information on the accident on 28 April , in Pravda , but to speak to the people , I needed a more substantial and precise analysis .
That is why I waited almost three weeks before speaking on television .
Correct response ?
Nowadays , experts think that our fears over the possible contamination of groundwater were exaggerated , and that it was not worth the trouble of installing a " cushion " [ concrete slab ] underneath the reactor .
Today , mankind faces a challenge so huge that , by comparison , the Cold War appears like an incongruous vestige from the past
The construction of the sarcophagus , all the measures for aquatic protection , most of the measures aimed at decontamination - these were good decisions , even though some of the deactivation did ultimately prove to be superfluous .
We decontaminated areas which were later evacuated .
Nobody knew , for instance , that Pripyat , that beautiful modern city , would find itself forever uninhabitable .
At first , scientists thought that the population of Pripyat would be able to return to the city around the end of May or beginning of June .
People left leaving their fridges full of food , without even unplugging them , since they expected to return quickly .
Environmental cost
The explosion at Chernobyl showed that we are capable of contaminating the planet for the long term , and of leaving a terrible legacy for future generations .
Today , mankind faces a challenge so huge that , by comparison , the Cold War appears like an incongruous vestige from the past .
Chernobyl clearly demonstrated that each disaster is unique and that no country can be prepared for every eventuality .
That is why we must deploy the maximum amount of effort to prevent disasters .
One must not compromise on nuclear safety .
The social , ecological and economic consequences of these kind of disasters are much too heavy in every sense of the word .
We can therefore see what enormous responsibility is placed not only on politicians , but on scientists , engineers and designers - their mistakes could cost the life and health of millions of people .
The victims of Chernobyl continue to suffer both physically and mentally .
It is our moral duty to help them while continuing to limit the ecological consequences of this disaster .
Mikhail Gorbachev was interviewed by Green Cross International , a non-governmental organisation he founded in the wake of Chernobyl .
A fuller version is appearing in the latest issue of the Optimist magazine .
How culpable was the Soviet leadership for the Chernobyl disaster ?
What do you think of Mr Gorbachev 's analysis of the dangers facing today 's world ?
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
It is clear in Gorbachev 's admitting that reports were " embellished " that the soviet system of lies , deceit and propaganda helped to allow time to elapse that could have saved more lives and environmental damage .
He is aware through hindsight being involved directly in the disaster how dangerous , and uncontrollable nuclear power out of control can be .
Nobody could have caused more damage to Russia than the Russians themselves .
Today 's world has many countries holding nuclear weapons which is of course far more of a threat than the USA - USSR standoff of the past .
Cat Miller , Melbourne , Australia
I am convinced that Mr. M. Gorbatschev had good intention of solving the problem scientifically and quietly , with least damage to the environment and populations , however , the Soviet Scientists were in a bind : 1 ) never before having experienced such a catastrophe , and not being able to seek advise from abroad , were confused and afraid for a reprisal by the notorious KGB , 2 ) all decision were made in Moscow , they waited for a directives from the top , 3 ) Silence , was the motto of the former USSR Government .
I had the pleasure of speaking with several scientists from the Ukrainian Academy of Science , after the collapse of the Soviet Union , and they affirmed my suspicion .
In 1990 , I organized scientific conference on Environmental Disasters , primarily ecological , and several distinguished scientists from Ukraine attended the conference and presented papers on the subject , and we learned a lot from their presentations , known as " the first - hand experience " .
I am also convinced that the Ukrainian Scientists have and know more about the disaster , that they are willing to share with us .
Let 's hope that it will never happened again .
Dr.J.G. Kurys , Toronto , Ontario , Canada
I had a lot of respect for Gorbachev until I read this interview .
I cannot understand how he could have waited for 3 weeks before telling his own people they were being killed .
Michal kirejczyk , Toronto , Canada
I think Mr. Gorbachev is very accurate in his assessment of the dangers we all must face .
He is being forthright in his analysis and the governments of the world should take is experience seriously .
Patricia Ross Eastman , St Paul MN USA
For the disaster itself the Soviet leadership cannot be held responsible directly , but for the slow informing or covering up they can be blamed .
I think Mr Gorbachev is right in stating that we should n't compromise on nuclear safety .
Hope to be able to find a copy of the Optimist magazine for the complete interview .
Dick Vestdijk , Netherlands
Like all disasters , we always come up with the answers from hindsight .
I think that Mr. Gorbachev acted in good faith without being informed of the full nature of the disaster .
However , his administration and top scientists should be held accountable for an improper analysis of the gravity of the situation and failure to act decisively and rapidly to minimise casualties .
In this instance he should have taken the welfare and safety of his people first .
In any major accident at any nuclear power plant it must be dealt with as if the threat is serious , later on , if it proves otherwise , the people in charge can justify the over reaction by simply stating that human safety was paramount .
Mr Gorbachev 's analysis of the nuclear dangers facing today 's world is prophetic , and I wish that certain other leaders will take a hint from him .
And as he stated we have a moral duty to help the victims .
Patanjali Ramlall , Miami , Florida , USA
Ultimately , the real cause was the chase for economic conditions like the Western world ; fostered by the Western world 's ever - increasing economic rush itself , which is not perceived as being unsustainable ( to put it at it 's mildest and kindest ) .
As for the analysis : stark but inadequate .
Only when terrorists create Pripyat conditions in a Western city , or there is another nuclear war ( hopefully between smaller nations and not Superpowers ) , will people begin to see the nuclear conundrum in a better perspective .
philip gray , torun , poland
I 'm most interested by Mr. Gorbachev 's comment , " I confess that we were afraid of panic - you can imagine for yourselves the consequences of a terrible panic in a town of several million inhabitants . "
In both the ( former ) Soviet Union and in China , a reflexive fear of " panic " ( or uprisings ) seems at times to prevent clear thinking among the leadership .
Compare this with the similar - but not identical - fear of bad publicity or political consequences which too often paralyzes leaders in the U.S. and in European countries .
Ralph Dratman , Cherry Hill , NJ , USA
Mr. Gorbachev was ( and is ) in the unfortunate position of culpability for responsibilities which were not directly his .
From all accounts , the accident , misinformation , and subsequent mistakes such as the intentional flooding of the reactor which resulted from this misinformation , resulted from mistakes made by bureaucrats and technicians who were directly responsible on the site itself .
One could correctly state that the bureaucratic culture which allowed these initial exaggerations and cover-ups was created by , and was the responsibility of Gorbachev and the rest of the Soviet state .
Also , it is the responsibility of leadership to assume blame for the appointing of the men and women responsible for the accident .
Mr. Gorbachev can rightly take credit for ordering helpful actions ( such as the mass evacuations and the construction of the sarcophagus ) which took place after the fact .
It is disturbing , however , to note that some 20 years after the accident , the Chernobyl site has still not been permanently cleaned up .
David Hilbert , Ann Arbor , USA
Gorbachev is right for the wrong reasons .
The earth now has the responsibility for radioactive waste storage and for nuclear weapons which can destroy life on this planet .
The engineering was easy , but politics is not , and the political world now has the bigger problem of controlling nuclear waste and weapons .
Bruce McClintic , Palo Alto , CA USA
Urs Hoelzle , Google vice president of operations and vice president of engineering , offered a rare behind - the - scenes tour of Google 's architecture on Wednesday .
Hoelzle spoke here at EclipseCon 2005 , a conference on the open source , extensible platform for software tools .
To deal with the more than 10 billion Web pages and tens of terabytes of information on Google 's servers , the company combines cheap machines with plenty of redundancy , Hoelzle said .
Its commodity servers cost around $ 1,000 apiece , and Google 's architecture places them into interconnected nodes .
Apologies again for my semi-hiatus from blogging .
I 've reached level 40 ( I now have a robo - chicken mount ) on World of Warcraft and have completed ( ahem ) 80 % of my research .
One of the things I 've been thinking about while not blogging is ... blogging .
A number of people have asked me to help new bloggers by giving them advice .
In retrospect , I was giving people very specific advice based on my personal style .
I thought I 'd share some of the tips .
1 - You 're probably stupid - Well , maybe not stupid , but at least ignorant .
Often you are the last one to figure out that you 're not as smart as you think .
Assume that someone will think you 're stupid and will kindly point this out in the comments .
Preempt that by assuming you 're stupid and uninformed .
In other words , be humble and do n't try to write something conclusively smart - sounding .
Start a discussion where someone smarter than you can step in easily .
2 - You need help thinking - Focus on the parts that you can't figure out .
Ask people to help you think .
Most of the people who comment on my blog are helping me think .
In other words , do n't say , " Blah blah blah .
I 'm an authority .
Now talk amongst yourselves while I go pat myself on the back . "
Say , " Gee , I 'm not that smart , but here 's something interesting I 'm noodling on .
I 've gotten this far on these pieces .
Help me out here ... someone ? "
3 - Take a position - Wikipedia is about neutral point of view .
Blogs about points of view .
You can always admit you 're wrong later , but posts that do n't have a point of view are boring and people are less likely to comment .
" Here is what people are saying about Web 2.0 " is less interesting than " I think the word Web 2.0 is stupid . "
However , remember rules 1 and 2 .
4 - Link -
Read other blogs a bit before posting .
Link as much as possible .
Try to participate in the conversation instead of soap - boxing .
5 - Write early write often - Do n't wait for your ideas to be completed .
When you have some inspiration , get it out of the door quickly .
Update the post or write new ones as the thought or story unfolds .
Having said all that , I do n't follow my own rules .
Like this post and the last post ...
But this is the advice that I would give myself .
What is Togra ?
Togra is a high - level approach to 3D application scripting using Python and OpenGL .
Rather than providing direct access to OpenGL calls , Togra allows users to script a call graph , then evaluates this call graph in C .
This gives easy , fast 3D graphics .
The aim of Togra is to make 3D application generation accessible to as many people as possible , with as shallow a learning curve as possible .
It 's also a chance for me to play around with cool 3D stuff ;-)
Togra is currently very alpha , but already supports a wide range of features , including :
Static and dynamic meshes
Textures and video textures
Path - based animation
Event - based 3D programming ( including animation - based , mouse and keyboard events )
Integration with the fantastic GStreamer framework
partial integration with ODE , a cool library for physics simulation
prototyping support via interface shells which call back into Python
Togra news
Notes on Dynamic behaviour
I 've put some notes on ideas for dynamic behaviour in the wiki .
I 'll add to these as I flesh out how to implement them .
New Wiki , New Tutorial
I 've created a Wiki for Togra here .
To celebrate , I also made a tutorial on how to create new Togra Classes .
Find it in the wiki !
New interface generator
I am currently in the process of converting all of Togra to use a code generator for the boring python interface code .
This is going really well , and a number of features are now working in the new version .
I hope to have everything ported across , as well as a bunch of new features , by the end of September .
To try it out , ' make new_GTK ' .
The reason I 'm doing this is to make development of future features easier .
tip.py ( my custom interface constructor ) reads an XML description of the class and generates python - to - C conversion code , getters and setters , managed arrays and a bunch of other stuff .
Later on I 'm going to use it to automatically add support for advanced python features like arbitrary runtime variable / function getting and setting .
If the ease at which the existing interfaces and classes can be brought across is anything to go by , then adding new features should be incredibly easy after this task is complete .
My eventual aim is to have a system where would - be hackers can cut their teeth using the interface shells and develop potential new classes in Python , then convert those classes to C with minimal pain .
Togra is hosted by :
» Current justices | Chief justice duties | Court appointments | Special Alito denied that Constitution protected abortion Supreme Court nominee expressed views in 1985 letter From Bill Mears
CNN Washington Bureau
Supreme Court nominee Samuel Alito , right , meets with Republican Senator Mel Martinez of Florida .
RELATED SPECIAL REPORT YOUR E-MAIL ALERTS Abortion Supreme Court or or Create Your Own WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
In a two - decades old document , Supreme Court nominee Samuel Alito voiced his support of the Reagan administration 's fight to show " the Constitution does not protect a right to an abortion . "
Alito 's 1985 letter , which was part of a newly released set of documents from his federal government service , was an application to be deputy assistant attorney general .
He was already working in the department 's solicitor general 's office , where he helped prepare cases to be argued in court on behalf of the government .
In the memo , he writes , " I am and always have been a conservative and an adherent to the same philosophical views that I believe are central to this administration . "
( Read an excerpt from the document )
Later he writes about his accomplishments , " I am particularly proud of my contributions in recent cases in which the government has argued in the Supreme Court that racial and ethnic quotas should not be allowed and that the Constitution does not protect a right to abortion . "
He notes that as a federal employee , " I have been unable to take a role in partisan politics .
However , I am a lifelong registered Republican . "
Liberal groups were quick to criticize Alito 's memo .
" Combined with his judicial record , Judge Alito 's letter underscores our concern that he would vote to turn back the clock on decades of judicial precedent protecting privacy , equal opportunity , religious freedom , and so much more , " said Ralph Neas , president of People For the American Way .
" And it is further evidence that if Samuel Alito is confirmed to replace Sandra Day O'Connor , he will shift the Supreme Court dramatically to the right for decades to come . "
The documents are among dozens of pages released Monday by the Reagan and Bush presidential libraries .
Alito did get the job he applied for , and went on to serve as U.S. attorney in New Jersey from 1987 to 1990 .
He then became a federal appeals court judge , his current job .
He was nominated last month to take O'Connor 's seat .
Abortion is certain to become a key issue in confirmation hearings .
As a judge , he dissented in 1991 as his appeals court threw out a Pennsylvania provision requiring a married woman seeking an abortion to notify her husband .
The Supreme Court later upheld that ruling .
Alito has told senators in private meetings in recent days he has " great respect " for precedent , including the 1973 Roe v.
Wade ruling legalizing abortion .
But he would not say whether he would continue to uphold that ruling .
Home Page
Get up - to - the minute news from CNN CNN.com gives you the latest stories and video from the around the world , with in - depth coverage of U.S. news , politics , entertainment , health , crime , tech and more .
Home Page
Get up - to - the minute news from CNN CNN.com gives you the latest stories and video from the around the world , with in - depth coverage of U.S. news , politics , entertainment , health , crime , tech and more .
It is the sort of invitation any poverty - stricken student would find hard to resist .
" Do you have a professor who just can't stop talking about President Bush , about the war in Iraq , about the Republican party , or any other ideological issue that has nothing to do with the class subject matter ?
If you help ... expose the professor , we 'll pay you for your work . "
For full notes , a tape recording and a copy of all teaching materials , students at the University of California Los Angeles are being offered $ 100 ( £ 57 ) - the tape recorder is provided free of charge - by an alumni group .
Lecture notes without a tape recording net $ 50 , and even non-attendance at the class while providing copies of the teaching materials is worth $ 10 .
But the initiative has prompted concerns that the group , the brainchild of a former leader of the college 's Republicans , is a witch - hunt .
Several targeted professors have complained , figures associated with the group have distanced themselves from the project and the college is studying whether the sale of notes infringes copyright and contravenes regulations .
The Bruin Alumni Association 's single registered member is Andrew Jones , a 24 - year - old former student who gained some notoriety while at the university for staging an " affirmative action bake sale " at which ethnic minority students were offered discounts on pastries .
His latest project has academics worrying about moves by rightwing groups to counter what they perceive to be a leftist bias at many colleges .
The group 's website , uclaprofs.com , lists 31 professors whose classes it considers worthy of scrutiny .
The professors teach classes in history , African - American studies , politics , and Chicano studies .
Their supposed radicalism is indicated on the site by a rating system of black fists .
The organisation denies on the website that it is conducting a vendetta against those with differing political views .
" We are concerned solely with indoctrination , one - sided presentation of ideological controversies and unprofessional classroom behaviour , no matter where it falls on the ideological spectrum . "
But in another posting , it is clear just where on the spectrum the group thinks the bias might fall .
" One aspect of this radicalisation , outlined here , is an unholy alliance between anti-war professors , radical Muslim students and a pliant administration .
Working together , they have made UCLA a major organising centre for opposition to the war on terror . "
Database myths and legends ( Part 4 ) In the second myths and legends story we related how the knights of the Good King Bill were accused of stealing secrets from Borland at a conference way back in 1992 .
In fact , the knights involved turned out to be most courtly and honourable ; the accusations demonstrably and provably false .
However , another myth surrounds that self - same conference which says that a totally different group of Microsoft employees ( in no way connected to the honourable techies above ) were indulging in stratagems and subterfuge .
In the end , their actions left Borland founder Philippe Kahn with no alternative other than to deploy the Hawaiian shirt protocol ...
Back in 1992 Borland was king of the database market on the PC .
It already owned Reflex , Paradox and had just bought its main rival Ashton Tate , which owned dBASE – the best selling database product of its day .
Microsoft , in contrast , had no mainstream database product but was interested in ( and buying ) FoxPro .
So Borland 's DevCon in Palm Desert was the database conference of the year .
It was held in a hotel and the myth goes as follows :
Some Microsoft employees booked into the same hotel for the same week .
They were on a mission .
Their target was n't the conference itself but the speakers .
Borland had recruited the cream of the database world ( including some Fox Pro gurus ) to speak at its conference .
The Microsofties certainly could n't stop them speaking at the conference , but they came up with a plan that seemed to guarantee the maximum damage to Borland 's prestige and yet was completely legal .
They simply invited all the speakers out to dinner on the last night of the conference .
Think about it for a moment .
It 's the perfect slap in the face .
You are Phillipe Kahn , CEO of Borland .
You have just bought your biggest rival and you have just run the biggest DevCon in the World .
The only missing elements from your final celebration are the stars of your conference crown .
And Microsoft could say , with perfect honestly , " but all we did was invite some guys out to dinner .
What 's the problem ? "
The myth goes that Phillipe found out about this on the morning of the last day of the conference .
He was well aware of the elegant trap into which he had been pushed fallen .
There was no way he could forbid the glitterati of the database world from going out to dinner .
To even suggest that they should n't do so would make him appear petulant and childish .
And yet to allow Microsoft to swagger off with his cherished speakers was also inconceivable .
In a brilliant piece of lateral thinking , Philippe decided to ensure that they staggered off instead .
By the afternoon he had somehow managed to acquire 3,000 Hawaiian shirts ( logistically a major coup ) and enough alcohol to sink a battleship .
He then calmly stood on stage and announced that there was to be an impromptu party for all of the delegates .
Everyone got a free shirt , the drinks were on the house .
He , personally , had invented a new cocktail in honour of the conference .
Well , speakers are human too , they like free booze .
It was a great party and it started at 5 pm .
In two hours it is possible to consume a large quantity of alcohol .
At the appointed time , the Microsoft suits turned up with the stretched limos ready to escort the most important database thinkers of the day out for a sophisticated evening at a very upmarket , expensive restaurant .
They were expecting a set of dignified luminaries .
What they got was a bunch of drunks in loud shirts .
The myth goes on , in some detail , about the effect of the somewhat softly sprung suspension of the limos on the digestive composure of the speakers , but I leave that , gentle reader , to your imagination .
So much for the myth , what of the truth ?
Well , the party was certainly held .
As absolute proof , I offer a picture of the shirt , which I still have .
I think that all right - thinking people would agree that this constitutes proof that the shirts were given away ; no - one in their right minds would actually buy a shirt like this for themselves .
And it is also clear that Microsoft did take some of the important people out to dinner .
For a start , I talked to one of them at the time .
There are also other contemporary records - Lisa Slater Nicholls mentioned it in FoxTalk ( July 1992 ) :
Microsoft held a special dinner in Palm Desert at the conclusion of Borland 's DevCon .
When I remarked that this could be viewed as evidence of a somewhat rapacious competitive instinct , Liz Sidman , one of the dinner 's organizers , demurred .
" Not at all , " she said , " we 're just using every opportunity available to us to gather input from the Fox development community . "
Given that both the dinner and the party took place , it seems likely that the rest is , at least in essence , true .
But were any readers privy to the conversations that actually took place ?
Does anyone know where Philippe managed to get so many shirts at such short notice ?
Did the limos really require re-upholstering ?
Let us know . ®
While 68 Iraqis have died in two days , the President talks up military success with an eye on the mid-term elections .
Meanwhile , defence chiefs are ever more fearful of another Vietnam
President Bush yesterday denied that Iraq was plunging into civil war , just a day after the Pentagon painted a bloody picture of a nation caught in a spiral of increasing violence .
His statement appears to widen the gap between the political message coming from a White House concerned about upcoming mid-term elections and a military establishment fearful of getting caught in another Vietnam .
In his weekly radio address to the nation , Bush lashed out at critics of the war and portrayed the conflict in Iraq as an integral part of the war on terror .
He said the country was not sliding into civil war .
' Our commanders and diplomats on the ground believe that Iraq has not descended into a civil war .
They report that only a small number of Iraqis are engaged in sectarian violence , ' he said .
That may be true , but the tone of Bush 's speech was deeply at odds with a Pentagon report released late on Friday , which showed Iraqi casualties had soared by more than 50 per cent in recent months .
The Pentagon often releases bad news late in the week in order to minimise press coverage and the study certainly made for grim reading .
' Death squads and terrorists are locked in mutually reinforcing cycles of sectarian strife , ' it noted .
The report added that civil war was a possibility in Iraq , which seemed to jar with the message from the White House and top Republican politicians .
Bush insisted that the war in Iraq would be won by American and Iraqi armed forces .
' The security of the civilised world depends on victory in the war on terror , and that depends on victory in Iraq , so America will not leave until victory is achieved , ' he said .
He did warn , however , that the struggle would be hard and unlikely to end soon .
' The path to victory will be uphill and uneven , and it will require more patience and sacrifice from our nation , ' he said .
Bush has faced increasing criticism in America for his ' stay the course ' policy on Iraq .
Many polls show a majority of Americans now believe the war was a mistake : even some Republican politicians are breaking ranks and calling for a change in strategy .
But in response to the growing unease , Bush and other senior figures , such as Vice - President Dick Cheney and Defence Secretary Donald Rumsfeld , have launched a PR offensive aimed at convincing Americans the Iraq war is vital for their own safety .
Yesterday Bush also hit back at those who argue for a pullout , or at least a timetable for withdrawal .
' Many of these people are sincere and patriotic , but they could not be more wrong , ' he said .
That last remark angered Democrats who accused the President of using the war in Iraq as a way of labelling his opponents as weak in the November elections .
' Our President continues to resort to name - calling and fear - mongering in an attempt to distract from his failure to keep America safe .
But sadly Americans have seen this page of the Republican playbook before , ' said Democrat Congressman Bennie Thompson .
Bush 's radio address was a re-hash of a speech he delivered in Salt Lake City last week .
It is likely to be repeated at three other events that Bush has scheduled to make over the next few days as America prepares for the fifth anniversary of 9/11 .
It also follows on an attempt to evoke the Second World War struggle against fascism as a parallel for the struggle against Islamic terrorism .
Republican strategists , including Bush 's political guru Karl Rove , believe that focusing on national security will allow them to claw back support in November , because voters tend to favour the Republicans on defence .
However , recent polls have shown that support cracking and Democrats have become noticeably more strident in their criticism of the war , in the belief that public opinion is now firmly against it .
Meanwhile , events in Iraq continued to slide into chaos .
Prime Minister Nouri al - Maliki was yesterday holding talks with Iraq 's most influential cleric , Grand Ayatollah Ali al - Sistani , on the worsening security situation .
Sistani had recently warned that ' other powers ' could take over the country if the government could not impose law and order .
The meeting came after two days of bloodshed in Baghdad in which 64 people were killed and 286 wounded .
Most of the victims appeared to be Shias , with blame for the violence focused on Sunni death squads .
Yesterday the bodies of 15 pilgrims from Pakistan and India were found .
In other incidents , a car bomb killed three in Baghdad , another killed three civilians and wounded 14 in the town of Mahaweel , and the bodies of three decapitated women were found in Baquba .
An attack on Iraqi police in Baquba killed three policemen .
At the same time , a long - awaited ceremony officially to hand over operational control of the Iraqi army to the Iraqi defence ministry was postponed .
The delay was due to ' miscommunication ' between the Iraqis and the US - led foreign forces in the country .
However , the Iraqi government did take over control of Abu Ghraib prison , site of a prisoner abuse scandal by the US troops who had once been based there .
All modern browsers have extensive keyboard shortcuts :
I tested every shortcut , and here 's my list of keyboard shortcuts that work in all browsers – or , for the rare keyboard shortcuts I found especially useful , those that work in at least two of the above browsers .
Standard toolbar buttons
Alt + ← , or Backspace
Back Alt + → , or Shift + Backspace
Forward F5
Reload Ctrl + F5
Force Reload ( no cache ) Esc
Stop Alt +
Home
Homepage Ctrl + N
New browser window Address Bar Alt + D , or Ctrl + L , or F6
Set focus to Address Bar Ctrl +
Enter
Add " www . " and " .com " prefix to Address Bar Alt +
Enter
Open Address
Bar location in a new tab Tabs Ctrl + 1 … 8
Switch to nth tab Ctrl + 9
Switch to last tab Ctrl + Tab , or Ctrl +
Page Up
Switch to next tab Ctrl +
Shift + Tab , or Ctrl + Page Down
Switch to previous tab Ctrl +
W , or Middle Click tab , or Ctrl + F4
Close current tab Ctrl + T
Open new tab in the foreground Ctrl +
Shift + T
Reopen last closed tab Ctrl + Left Click , or Middle Click
Open clicked link in a new background tab Shift + Left Click
Open clicked link in a new browser window Ctrl +
Shift + Left Click
Open clicked link in a new tab , and set focus to it Reading Space
Scroll down Shift +
Space
Scroll up Home
Go to top of page End
Go to bottom of page F11
Toggle full page mode Ctrl + + , or Ctrl + Mousewheel down
Zoom page larger Ctrl + - , or Ctrl + Mousewheel up
Zoom page smaller Ctrl + 0
Set to default zoom Bookmarks Ctrl + D
Add current site to bookmarks Ctrl + H
Open browsing history Ctrl + J
Open download history Search Ctrl + E , or Ctrl + K
Set focus to search box Alt +
Enter
Perform search in new tab F3 , or Ctrl + F
In - page search F3
Scroll to next in - page search item Ctrl + F3
Scroll to previous in - page search item Developer Ctrl + U
View source of current page F12
Developer tools Ctrl +
Shift +
Del
Delete browsing history
While it's not a keyboard shortcut per se , also note that left - click - and - hold on the forward and back buttons will show a list of the last ( n ) pages to select from , if you want to go forward or back more than a single page at once .
This comes in handy at least once a week for me .
It 's good to see browser developers standardizing on at least a few common keyboard shortcuts rather than making up their own .
I think some people thought I was joking earlier today when I said that we have our own compiler , Wasabi , for FogBugz .
Yes , Wasabi is real .
Because FogBugz is sold to customers who run it on their own servers , it has to run on hundreds of thousands of web servers “ in the wild , ” unlike most web apps where the programmer completely controls the deployment environment .
We have to ship code that runs out - of - the - box , which means lowest common denominator .
This is kind of unusual .
Most web developers are either building things for one customer , or they ’re building web apps that they will host themselves .
That ’s a nice position to be in .
But most FogBugz customers do n’t want their proprietary project data on someone else ’s servers , so we have to sell them the source code to install on their own server .
In most deployed servers today , the lowest common denominators are VBScript ( on Windows ) , PHP4 , and PHP5 ( on Unix ) .
If we try to require anything fancier on the server , we increase our tech support costs dramatically .
Even though PHP is available for Windows , it ’s not preinstalled , and I do n’t want to pay engineers to help all of our Windows customers install PHP .
We could use .NET , but then I ’d have to pay engineers to install Mono for all our Unix customers , and the .NET runtime is n’t quite ubiquitous on Windows servers .
Since we do n’t want to program in VBScript or PHP4 or even PHP5 and we certainly do n’t want to have to port everything to three target platforms , the best solution for us is a custom language that compiles to our target platforms .
Since we are not blub programmers , we like closures , active records , lambdas , embedded SQL a la LINQ , etc. etc. and so those are the kinds of features we put into Wasabi .
And since FogBugz goes back many years and was originally written in VBScript , Wasabi is 100 % backwards - compatible with VBScript but includes obvious improvements .
“ ” ” Multiline strings . ” ” ” Dim a = 0 .
And so on .
Most people do n’t realize that writing a compiler like this is only about 2 months work for one talented person who read the Dragon book .
Since the compiler only has one body of code to compile , it is much easier to write .
It does n’t have to be a general - purpose compiler .
It does n’t have a math library , for example .
And we have the ability to add any feature to the language that we want easily … this is the same power Paul Graham talks about in On Lisp , the power to invent new language features that suit your exact application domain .
Lisp does this through a mechanism called macros .
It ’s very easy to add a new back - end to Wasabi .
Our plan is that when .NET gets a little bit more predominant on our clients ’
Windows servers , we ’ll add a CLR back - end and generate bytecode or something which will run a lot faster .
Another neat thing is that when you want to do something on the client ( the web browser ) you can write the code once , in Wasabi , and compile it to JavaScript for the browser and get identically functioning VBScript or PHP code for the server .
So for example if you want to do some kind of Ajax - like “ preview ” feature where a button on the web browser renders some complicated HTML without going back to the server , but you also need the server to be able to render the same complicated HTML in the first place , you do n’t have to write the rendering code twice in two different languages .
That said , there are major drawbacks .
The documentation is a little bit thin and disorganized , because we ’ve only documented the diffs to VBScript , not the whole language .
Programmers that join Fog Creek might take a little bit longer getting up to speed .
Our edit - compile - test loop got slower because there ’s one more step .
Should you write your own compiler ?
Maybe , if you ’re doing something that ’s different enough from the mainstream and if there ’s no good off - the - shelf technology for your problem .
There ’s a good chance that the domain you ’re working in could really use a domain - specific language .
If you want to write a program for filling out tax forms , for example , you probably want to create a language optimized for describing forms with calculated fields , and then all you have to do is encode each tax form in your custom language .
If you want to write a program for playing a 3D game , you ’ll want to create a language optimized for describing maps and levels and then design each level in that language .
If there ’s something off the shelf you can use , by all means , use it , as long as you ’re not going to get yourself in trouble down the line when you discover that that the off - the - shelf tool does n’t work and you ca n’t modify it .
There was a time when the release of a new James Bond movie meant that audiences would be treated to a fantastic collection of gadgets and inventions , each of which was devised with the sole purpose of rescuing Bond from some unlikely scenario .
The recently released Casino Royale is not that kind of movie .
The new Bond is much closer to the literary character created by Ian Fleming than he is to the Hollywood Bond we ’ve come to know over the last four decades .
As a result , Casino Royale presents audiences with the most low - tech Bond yet .
While it ’s true that Sean Connery did n’t have a laptop in Dr. No , the technology he did have was at least recognizably different from what the average viewer could buy at the local mall .
The new Bond is surrounded by a seemingly endless array of Sony branded mobile phones , each of which conveniently has some important phone number stored in the call history .
Bond is also a bit of a computer hacker , which means he travels with a Sony Vaio that runs some odd version of Windows made to look like Unix ( or maybe it actually is Unix , Bond does n’t really have time to install service packs ) .
In fact , the new Bond is literally surrounded by Sony technology .
Every data disk , every television monitor , and every stereo component Bond encounters has the Sony name on it .
Casino Royale is one big Sony commercial .
Bond was n’t always a Sony man .
Originally the Bond films were produced by United Artists , then eventually MGM .
In 1997 Sony announced plans to produce a rival Bond series , claiming it owned part of the Bond character .
At the time MGM called Sony ’s claim ‘ delusional ’ and vowed to take the matter to court .
At one point a federal judge issued an injunction against Sony bringing production to a halt .
As with most Hollywood disputes , MGM and Sony eventually put their differences aside and agreed to make a lot of money together .
By all accounts Casino Royale is on track to be the largest grossing Bond film of all time .
And Bond , it seems , is doomed to use Sony technology for the foreseeable future .
That might not have been so bad in the Cold War era , but these days it ’s an outright liability .
If Bond wants to listen to a CD , he risks infecting his computer with a root - kit .
If Bond wants to play a video game he has to stand in line and battle an angry mob .
If Bond wants to go out for a run and listen to music he ’ll likely take a walkman with him .
Low tech indeed .
Imagine how much more interesting the new Bond would be if he were battling villains with his Wii nunchuck - style remote .
Now that would be a fight scene .
Unfortunately Nintendo is n’t in the movie business .
Medialoper ’s James Bond Holiday Shopping Guide :
Temperatures reached 36 C ( 96.8 F ) today in central Tokyo at noon .
That
very
The reason is called the " heat island " phenomena .
Many highrise buildings have been constructed along Tokyo Bay , blocking winds and trapping the heat .
Also , cars and air conditioners , and few forests or parks with trees - " hot .
That is a lot hotter than in Okinawa prefecture in southern Japan , where it was only 30 C ( 86 F ) today ... The reason is called the " heat island " phenomena .
Many highrise buildings have been constructed along Tokyo Bay , blocking winds and trapping the heat .
Also , cars and air conditioners , and few forests or parks with trees - " Lungs of the Earth " - are blamed .
Experts are taking this seriously , since the consequences are severe for the citizens :
In 2005 , the JMA started publishing the annual report on the analysis and simulation results about the summertime heat island phenomenon in Kanto region , Japan .
On 31st March 2006 , the report for the summer 2005 was issued through the JMA website .
It was revealed from the model simulation that the most important factor that contributes to the formation of the heat island in the daytime is the land use change , featuring the shrinkage of green space and the growth of artificial ground cover , and the factor contributing to the formation in the nighttime is the increase of architectural structures ( urban canopy ) .
Read the Japan Meteorological Agency report here :
Read more on the
website .
Counter - measures suggested by
( pdf ) include :
1 ) Reduction of Anthropogenic Heat Emission
2 ) Improvement of Urban Surface
3 ) Improvement of Urban Structure
4 ) Improvement of Life Style
And do n't forget to drink lots of water ...
( Click on the weather map from JMA for a larger image )
Sources connected to the investigation also say any allegations of negligence on the hospital 's part are unfounded .
There was no shortage of oxygen , as had been previously reported .
There was no blood or vomit in the room either and we 're told no drugs or alcohol were found in the room .
Sources say , however , Daniel 's airplane flight to the Bahamas may provide a critical clue as to the possible cause of his death .
TMZ has learned that personnel on board the flight are being interviewed by police and there are rumblings that alcohol on board the aircraft may have been a factor .
If Harrell can get a significant offer , the Clippers may not be inclined to meet that price — Harrell is unrestricted , so he has a significant say in what ’s next .
One Eastern Conference executive suggested the Miami Heat , though the team would need to find the right price to re-sign Goran Dragic and a way out of Kelly Olynyk ’s $ 13.2 million player option .
“ They will leave space for Giannis , but they could give a big one - year deal ” the executive said of Miami .
“ They always figure it out . ”
By Steve Kingstone
BBC News , Sao Paulo
The stones are well preserved and each weighs several tons
The site , thought to be an observatory or place of worship , pre-dates European colonisation and is said to suggest a sophisticated knowledge of astronomy .
Its appearance is being compared to the English site of Stonehenge .
It was traditionally thought that before European colonisation , the Amazon had no advanced societies .
Winter solstice
The archaeologists made the discovery in the state of Amapa , in the far north of Brazil .
A total of 127 large blocks of stone were found driven into the ground on top of a hill .
The layout suggests a temple or an observatory
Well preserved and each weighing several tons , the stones were arranged upright and evenly spaced .
It is not yet known when the structure was built , but fragments of indigenous pottery found at the site are thought to be 2,000 years old .
What impressed researchers was the sophistication of the construction .
The stones appear to have been laid out to help pinpoint the winter solstice , when the sun is at its lowest in the sky .
It is thought the ancient people of the Amazon used the stars and phases of the moon to determine crop cycles .
Although the discovery at Amapa is being compared to Stonehenge , the ancient stone circle in southern England , the English site is considerably older .
It is thought to have been erected some time between 3000 and 1600 BC .
New antigravity solution will enable space travel near speed of light by the end of this century , he predicts .
On Tuesday , Feb. 14 , noted physicist Dr. Franklin Felber will present his new exact solution of Einstein 's 90 - year - old gravitational field equation to the Space Technology and Applications International Forum ( STAIF ) in Albuquerque .
The solution is the first that accounts for masses moving near the speed of light .
Felber 's antigravity discovery solves the two greatest engineering challenges to space travel near the speed of light : identifying an energy source capable of producing the acceleration ; and limiting stresses on humans and equipment during rapid acceleration .
" Dr. Felber 's research will revolutionize space flight mechanics by offering an entirely new way to send spacecraft into flight , " said Dr. Eric Davis , Institute for Advanced Studies at Austin and STAIF peer reviewer of Felber 's work .
" His rigorously tested and truly unique thinking has taken us a huge step forward in making near - speed - of - light space travel safe , possible , and much less costly . "
The field equation of Einstein 's General Theory of Relativity has never before been solved to calculate the gravitational field of a mass moving close to the speed of light .
Felber 's research shows that any mass moving faster than 57.7 percent of the speed of light will gravitationally repel other masses lying within a narrow ' antigravity beam ' in front of it .
The closer a mass gets to the speed of light , the stronger its ' antigravity beam ' becomes .
Felber 's calculations show how to use the repulsion of a body speeding through space to provide the enormous energy needed to accelerate massive payloads quickly with negligible stress .
The new solution of Einstein 's field equation shows that the payload would ' fall weightlessly ' in an antigravity beam even as it was accelerated close to the speed of light .
Accelerating a 1 - ton payload to 90 percent of the speed of light requires an energy of at least 30 billion tons of TNT .
In the ' antigravity beam ' of a speeding star , a payload would draw its energy from the antigravity force of the much more massive star .
In effect , the payload would be hitching a ride on a star .
" Based on this research , I expect a mission to accelerate a massive payload to a ' good fraction of light speed ' will be launched before the end of this century , " said Dr. Felber .
" These antigravity solutions of Einstein 's theory can change our view of our ability to travel to the far reaches of our universe . "
More immediately , Felber 's new solution can be used to test Einstein 's theory of gravity at low cost in a storage - ring laboratory facility by detecting antigravity in the unexplored regime of near - speed - of - light velocities .
During his 30 - year career , Dr. Felber has led physics research and development programs for the Army , Navy , Air Force , and Marine Corps , the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency , the Defense Threat Reduction Agency , the Department of Energy and Department of Transportation , the National Institute of Justice , National Institutes of Health , and national laboratories .
Dr. Felber is Vice President and Co-founder of Starmark .
Source : Starmark
Explore further Researchers predict location of novel candidate for mysterious dark energy
BREAST CANCER RATES FALL BREAST CANCER RATES FALL U.S. breast cancer rates drop dramatically Breast cancer rates fell 7 % in 2003 , the year after millions of older women abandoned hormone - replacement therapy based on the findings of a government report .
Scientists do n't know if that drop will continue in the future , and some experts question whether such a big change could be caused by a single factor .
The report , led by researchers at Houston 's M.D. Anderson Cancer Center , states it 's significant that breast cancer rates dropped the most — 12 % — among women 50 to 69 , whose tumors feed on estrogen .
That 's the age range most likely to have used hormone therapy to relieve menopausal symptoms , says senior study investigator Donald Berry of the cancer center .
ON DEADLINE : Read the study 's findings
Berry says it makes sense that stopping hormone therapy would slow the growth of tumors fueled by estrogen .
About 30 % of women older than 50 took hormone therapy in the early years of this decade , according to the report .
About half of them stopped taking the pills after the release of findings of the Women 's Health Initiative in July 2002 , when researchers announced that hormone therapy can increase the risk of both heart disease and breast cancer .
With more than 200,000 cases of breast cancer diagnosed each year , the rate drop suggests that about 14,000 fewer women were diagnosed with the disease in 2003 , according to the study .
The sharp drop is all the more striking , Berry says , because the breast cancer rate had actually grown 30 % from 1975 to 2000 .
That figure factors in the increase in mammography , which tends to increase the number of tumors diagnosed .
Other doctors say there are sound scientific reasons why the breast cancer rate could change so suddenly .
Some early tumors are just on the verge of being big enough to be spotted on mammograms , says Eric Winer , director of breast oncology at Boston 's Dana - Farber Cancer Institute .
These tumors , when deprived of hormones , may stop growing , so they do n't show up in the breast screenings , he says .
Some of those tumors may grow more slowly , leading them to be detected later .
Others may shrink or even disappear .
These women may never be diagnosed with breast cancer , Winer says .
Experts around the nation are already looking into the change , says Ahmedin Jemal of the American Cancer Society .
" It could be a trend , " Jemal says .
" But it 's one year 's worth of data , so it 's difficult to say . "
Doctors will watch over the next few years to see if the drop continues , says Julia Smith of the New York University Cancer Institute .
Smith says it's hard to believe that the change could be due to a single factor .
But , she adds , " It 's good news , any way you look at it . "
TMZ has learned that Mel Gibson went on a rampage when he was arrested Friday on suspicion of drunk driving , hurling religious epithets .
TMZ has also learned that the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's department had the initial report doctored to keep the real story under wraps .
TMZ has four pages of the original report prepared by the arresting officer in the case , L.A. County Sheriff 's Deputy James Mee.
According to the report , Gibson became agitated after he was stopped on Pacific Coast Highway and told he was to be detained for drunk driving Friday morning in Malibu .
The actor began swearing uncontrollably .
Gibson repeatedly said , " My life is f****d . "
Law enforcement sources say the deputy , worried that Gibson might become violent , told the actor that he was supposed to cuff him but would not , as long as Gibson cooperated .
As the two stood next to the hood of the patrol car , the deputy asked Gibson to get inside .
Deputy
Mee then walked over to the passenger door and opened it .
The report says Gibson then said , " I 'm not going to get in your car , " and bolted to his car .
The deputy quickly subdued Gibson , cuffed him and put him inside the patrol car .
TMZ has learned that Deputy Mee audiotaped the entire exchange between himself and Gibson , from the time of the traffic stop to the time Gibson was put in the patrol car , and that the tape fully corroborates the written report .
Once inside the car , a source directly connected with the case says Gibson began banging himself against the seat .
The report says Gibson told the deputy , " You mother f****r .
I 'm going to f*** you . "
The report also says " Gibson almost continually [ sic ] threatened me saying he ' owns Malibu ' and will spend all of his money to ' get even ' with me . "
The report says Gibson then launched into a barrage of anti-Semitic statements : " F*****g Jews ...
The Jews are responsible for all the wars in the world . "
Gibson then asked the deputy , " Are you a Jew ? "
The deputy became alarmed as Gibson 's tirade escalated , and called ahead for a sergeant to meet them when they arrived at the station .
When they arrived , a sergeant began videotaping Gibson , who noticed the camera and then said , " What the f*** do you think you 're doing ? "
A law enforcement source says Gibson then noticed another female sergeant and yelled , " What do you think you 're looking at , sugar tits ? "
We 're told Gibson took two blood alcohol tests , which were videotaped , and continued saying how " f**** d " he was and how he was going to " f***"
Deputy Mee .
Gibson was put in a cell with handcuffs on .
He said he needed to urinate , and after a few minutes tried manipulating his hands to unzip his pants .
Sources say Deputy
Mee thought Gibson was going to urinate on the floor of the booking cell and asked someone to take Gibson to the bathroom .
After leaving the bathroom , Gibson then demanded to make a phone call .
He was taken to a pay phone and , when he did n't get a dial tone , we 're told Gibson threw the receiver against the phone .
Deputy
Mee then warned Gibson that if he damaged the phone he could be charged with felony vandalism .
We 're told Gibson was then asked , and refused , to sign the necessary paperwork and was thrown in a detox cell .
Deputy
Mee then wrote an eight - page report detailing Gibson 's rampage and comments .
Sources say the sergeant on duty felt it was too " inflammatory . "
A lieutenant and captain then got involved and calls were made to Sheriff 's headquarters .
Sources say Mee was told Gibson 's comments would incite a lot of " Jewish hatred , " that the situation in Israel was " way too inflammatory . "
It was mentioned several times that Gibson , who wrote , directed , and produced 2004 's " The Passion of the Christ , " had incited " anti-Jewish sentiment " and " For a drunk driving arrest , is this really worth all that ? "
We 're told Deputy Mee was then ordered to write another report , leaving out the incendiary comments and conduct .
Sources say Deputy Mee was told the sanitized report would eventually end up in the media and that he could write a supplemental report that contained the redacted information -- a report that would be locked in the watch commander 's safe .
Initially , a Sheriff 's official told TMZ the arrest occurred " without incident . "
On Friday night , Sheriff 's spokesman Steve Whitmore told TMZ : " The L.A. County Sheriff 's Department investigation into the arrest of Mr. Gibson on suspicion of driving under the influence will be complete and will contain every factual piece of evidence .
Nothing will be sanitized .
There was absolutely no favoritism shown to this suspect or any other .
When this file is presented to the Los Angeles County District Attorney , it will contain everything .
Nothing will be left out . "
On Saturday , Gibson released the following statement :
" After drinking alcohol on Thursday night , I did a number of things that were very wrong and for which I am ashamed .
I drove a car when I should not have , and was stopped by the LA County Sheriffs .
The arresting officer was just doing his job and I feel fortunate that I was apprehended before I caused injury to any other person .
I acted like a person completely out of control when I was arrested , and said things that I do not believe to be true and which are despicable .
I am deeply ashamed of everything I said .
Also , I take this opportunity to apologize to the deputies involved for my belligerent behavior .
They have always been there for me in my community and indeed probably saved me from myself .
I disgraced myself and my family with my behavior and for that I am truly sorry .
I have battled with the disease of alcoholism for all of my adult life and profoundly regret my horrific relapse .
I apologize for any behavior unbecoming of me in my inebriated state and have already taken necessary steps to ensure my return to health . "
[ Books Index | Metro | Metroactive Central | Archives ]
Superman Versus the KKK
Faster Than a Speeding Time Capsule : The Superman of past decades often outstripped his modern version in political and social savvy .
The Man of Steel 's forgotten past as a Klan - fighter remembered By Richard von Busack IT 'S A BIRD , it 's a plane , it 's in turnaround .
The now - scrapped Nicolas Cage / Tim Burton Superman Lives film project had a number of strikes against it , including debates over the script and a budget of reportedly more than $ 100 million .
Apparently , no one could gauge the right attitude to Superman 's divine power : reverence , awe or joshing around ?
The mix of proposed scripts failed to arrive at a plan to make Superman either flying E.T. or the hammer of the gods .
A recent episode of the animated program The Superman Adventures ( WB Network ) took the fascist tendencies in Superman to the extreme .
Visiting a parallel universe , our hero meets up with his other self as he would have developed if he'd been adopted and raised by the villainous plutocrat Lex Luthor , the Bill Gates of the Superman stories .
In this alternative world , Superman has become the head cop on a planet of slave laborers ; he is clad in Mussolini wear , complete with jackboots .
( At least I think they were jackboots ; as George Orwell noted , nobody knows what jackboots are , except that they 're the footwear you put on when you 're going out to deprive someone of their civil rights . )
Naturally , the democratic Superman triumphed over his alternate - universe Nazi model .
Maybe this episode , entertaining as it was , is n't really worth noting ; the long - running epic of Superman always was populist , for better or worse .
Still , turning backward to the history of the Superman character , you can see that his pursuit of the American way was more overt , even remarkably so , in the last years of the 1940s .
Radio's Adventures of Superman ( rebroadcast nightly at 9:30 pm , KABL 960AM ) was a popular show on the Mutual Broadcasting Network , claiming 4.5 million listeners in 1947 , according to a March 3 , 1947 , article in The New Republic .
While the mainstream press did n't comment on the political content of the show , it was noted by the right - wing commentator and reactionary evangelist Gerald L.K. Smith , who denounced Superman as " a disgrace to America . "
The radio Adventures of Superman was honored by various groups , including the National Conference of Christians and Jews , the American Newspaper Guild and the Calvin Newspaper Service , a chain of African American newspapers .
THE MOST noteworthy Superman radio episodes are described in Weyn Craig Wade 's indispensable history of the Ku Klux Klan , The Fiery Cross .
According to Wade , Stetson Kennedy , a reporter for the short - lived lefty newspaper PM , went undercover into the Klan , learning the secret passwords and countersigns used by the Grand Dragon " Doc " Green 's vicious Klavern No. 1 of Atlanta .
For sport , Kennedy passed on the info to writers of the Superman radio show about that comic - book character whom Wade calls " the ultimate antifacist . "
As Wade relates the incident :
The writers jumped on the idea and Superman ... began trouncing the Klan over the airways , a battle replete with obviously authentic detail .
During the first broadcast , " Doc " Green received a phone call from the Atlanta AP bureau chief : " Superman 's really on your trail ... sounds to me like Superman 's got a pipeline into your klaverns somehow .
You 'd better watch your step . "
" I smell a rat , " the Dragon said bitterly .
" Just wait till I get my hands on him ! "
" You 'd better make it snappy -- Superman just flew over your Imperial Palace to case the joint . "
" Nuts , " the Doctor said , and hung up .
Green had to change his passwords because of the show .
The Klan chief tried to retaliate by pressuring Pep Cereal -- sponsors of the Adventures of Superman - - off of grocery shelves in Atlanta .
Despite Green 's actions , the sponsors continued to green - light the anti-Klan shows .
The coolest part of the story is that the network was open about what they called " the tolerance angle . "
There were none of those usual flacky obfuscations how people could read politics into a fantasy show if they preferred , and yadda yadda yadda .
An unnamed executive quoted in the 1947 New Republic article about the show said , " This tolerance theme is good business . "
He continued , " The psychologists tell us we 're planting a ' thought egg ' into the kids ' minds .
It wo n't have too much effect now , but it will when they become adolescent . "
Big words -- still , did n't a lot of those children come of age in the 1960s ?
I suppose Clark Kent , as an extraterrestrial immigrant , ought not to have been covering the foreigner - hating Klan in the first place ; it was a conflict of interest .
But journalistic ethics always were loose at The Daily Planet .
Anyway , might part of the reason why children are leaving comics in droves is their lack of relevance ?
As a caped asset of Time - Warner , Superman has less mobility than he enjoyed in his younger days .
His latest stories put more of an emphasis on science fiction and fight scenes -- and less on a reaction to current events ; for example , the way kryptonite was introduced in 1949 after stories about plutonium hit the headlines .
Like movies , comic books are trying too hard to meet computer games on their own field .
That 's too bad ; the hatching of a few more " thought eggs " might help bring back readers to the ailing medium of comics .
[ San Jose | Metroactive Central | Archives ]
From the July 2 - 8 , 1998 issue of Metro. Copyright © Metro Publishing Inc. Maintained by Boulevards New Media .
By Elinor Shields
BBC News
Many of those stranded did not have the resources to flee
The plight of those stranded amid the filth and the dead has highlighted a side of the city most tourists did not see - one in which two - thirds of its residents are black and more than a quarter live in poverty .
Anger is mounting among African - American leaders that this section was left behind when others fled .
Some say the chaos in Katrina 's aftermath has exposed deep divisions in both the city and US society .
" We can not allow it to be said by history that the difference between those who lived and ... died ... was nothing more than poverty , age or skin colour , " Congressman Elijah Cummings said .
' Paycheck to paycheck '
Correspondents say New Orleans ' glamorous reputation has always concealed a high level of deprivation .
NEW ORLEANS 485,000 residents 10 times national murder rate 21 % of households without access to a car
The city famous for its jazz clubs and horse - drawn carriage rides was also a place in which about one in three children lived in poverty , in one of the poorest states in the country .
Observers say this group was particularly vulnerable in the face of a hurricane .
Many of those trapped by Katrina 's floodwaters lived in dilapidated neighbourhoods that were long known to be exposed to disaster if the levees failed .
And a large number would have had no means to flee the region as the storm loomed - a recent US census found that one - fifth of the city 's residents had no access to a car .
" We do n't have transportation , " one resident told WHBF - TV .
" We 're living paycheck to paycheck , it 's not like we 're just able to get up and leave . "
A former leader of the black caucus in the House of Representatives agrees .
" It is one thing to receive a warning to get out - it 's something else to have the ability to get out , " Congressman James Clyburn said .
Uneasy questions
Black members of Congress have also criticised the pace of relief efforts .
Some say the response was slow because those most affected are poor .
I 'm ashamed of America .
I 'm ashamed of our government
Congresswoman Carolyn Kilpatrick
" I 'm ashamed of America .
I 'm ashamed of our government , " Congresswoman Carolyn Kilpatrick said .
" George Bush does n't care about black people , " rapper Kanye West told viewers of an NBC benefit concert for hurricane victims .
Other commentators object to the media 's handling of the crisis .
" Television is creating a sympathetic image of white people fleeing , and black people caught up in a shoplifting orgy , " Lawrence Aaron wrote in New Jersey 's Record .
But some hope that the aftermath of the hurricane will force people to confront the issue of inequality .
" Most cities have a hidden , or not always talked about , poor population , black and white , and most of the time we look past them , " Spencer Crew , the chief of a Cincinnati civil rights centre , told the New York Times .
" This is a moment in time when we can't look past them .
Their plight is coming to the forefront now , " he said .
Visualization of Ruby's Grammar
Posted by Nick Sieger
As part of the momentum surrounding the Ruby implementer ’s summit , I have decided to take on a pet project to understand Ruby ’s grammar better , with the goal of contributing to an implementation - independent specification of the grammar .
Matz mentioned during his keynote how parse.y was one of the uglier parts of Ruby , but just how ugly ?
Well , judge for yourself .
Below is a grammar dependency graph generated using ANTLRWorks and GraphViz .
The steps I took are as follows .
I took parse.y , stripped all C definitions , code and actions from it to give a bare YACC definition .
Next , I did the equivalent of gsub ( / [ kt ] ( [ A - Z ] + ) / , ' 1 ' ) ( since ANTLR ’s convention is to have lexer tokens named starting with a capital letter ) .
I then used the Bison - to - ANTLR converter to generate an ANTLR 2.x grammar , which I hand - modified to produce a v3 grammar .
Opening the resulting grammar in ANTLRWorks allows you to generate a DOT file from which GraphViz can then generate a jpeg image .
I ’ve also included visualizations of the Java 1.5 and Javascript ( ECMAScript ) grammars for comparison .
I have n’t even begun to absorb all the meanings from this picture , but one stark difference between Ruby and the other two is the node in the middle of the picture with a high concentration of outgoing edges .
That node is called primary in the grammar definition , and it is probably one of the reasons that Ruby syntax is so flexible and forgiving .
A primary node ’s direct children apparently represent a large portion of the syntax , and explain why in Ruby a single statement can either be a literal , a method invocation ( or series of them ) , a standalone expression ( such as a < b ) , all the way up to larger syntactic groupings such as if ... else ... end and begin ... rescue ... end , among many others .
Ruby
Java 1.5
Generated from Java 1.5 grammar on antlr.org
Javascript
Generated from ECMAScript grammar on antlr.org
In “ Bar Graphs With Style “ , I took a set of nested lists and some div s and turned them into a vertical bar graph using CSS .
Jan Brašna pointed out that the actual information I was presenting would probably be better represented as a table instead of nested lists .
I do n’t think there ’s anything wrong with using the lists , but I do agree with him that a table might be a better base represention of the data .
Maybe you agree .
If so , then here you go : CSS Vertical Bar Graphs using a table as the markup basis .
The demo works fine in Safari , and in Firefox I got it to work by explicitly setting the table element to display : block ( when I left it as display : table , the bars were badly misplaced ) .
In IE / Win , everything ’s fine except for the actual placement of the bars ; they ’re fine as a group but way out of place .
I think the IE / Win problem is a simple refusal to give a table element dimensions when all of its descendants have been positioned , no matter what display value it ’s given .
Perhaps some intrepid soul can figure out a way to defeat this .
[ Update : some intrepid soul did , and the demo has been updated ; it now works in IE / Win as well as most other browsers . ]
( I considered the idea of positioning all the bars with top instead of bottom , thus sidestepping the table - sizing problem , but that would mean a different way to place the ‘ ticks ’ and in the end it was different enough from what I ’d done that I just could n’t be bothered .
Feel free to run with the idea , though , or come up with a better one . )
More than 20000 people Microwrite
Impatient - learn more click this link and watch the video
Those who Microwrite are an elite band of people .
In just 20 minutes you too could be touch typing ONE HANDED * .
In one hour many people are touch typing at 15 words per minute , that is typical maximum speed of a one or two finger typists on a standard keyboard .
From there you will build up speed .
40 to 50 words a minute are typical .
If you do a lot of typing it could even be life changing ; as Microwriting does not require you to hunch over a keyboard , just sit back and type .
Why is it so easy to learn ?
It is because we make use of something most of us mastered at the age of 5 ; the shape of the letters and a few simple memory tricks to make learning to type so easy !
Click here to learn a few of the letters and you will be on the way to learning the alphabet .
If you would like an electronic copy of the manual please send a request Click Here
What makes voo2do different ?
Unlike most online to - do lists , voo2do tracks priority , due date , and time estimates for each task .
There is no notion of " lists " in voo2 do — tasks can be grouped by project , but you can view and edit a bunch of projects together .
Voo2 do supports some basic sharing of tasks .
learn more »
Is Voo2do free ?
A Voo2do account is free .
Thousands of people have been using the free accounts since 2005 , and we 've just introduced some additional features available for a monthly fee as Voo2do Plus .
The free version will never have silly arbitrary limits , and you can upgrade or downgrade any time .
What web browsers are compatible with voo2do ?
Voo2do works on Internet Explorer 7 + , and on recent version of Firefox , Safari , Chrome , and Opera .
Please let us know how it works for you .
Newsfeed
Havas Creative NA Hires Executive Search Firm CEO
To Lead Recruitment Effort Clair Telling left Grace Blue North America to take on the new role of Chief People Officer .
She ...
TV Could Lose $ 5 Billion In Advertising Through 2023 : Analyst TV advertising could lose further share amidst rising digital advertising , due to continued growth of small and medium - sized ...
Google Defeats New Mexico AG 's Lawsuit Over Student 's Privacy A federal judge has thrown out a privacy lawsuit brought by the New Mexico Attorney General over children's ...
Chase 's Marriott Card Partners With HelloFresh
The activation is meant to " whet users ' appetites for travel by allowing them to try out international dishes , " ...
AARP Names BBDO NY As Brand Agency Partner
The seniors lobby spent $ 147 million on measured media last year and $ 58 million during the first six ...
Pinterest Adds Performance Metrics , Shoppable Features Pinterest on Tuesday announced the launch of ads alongside visual search results and more places to shop across ...
Microsoft Bing Wins Google Auction Search Slots On Android Phones
In Key Countries
The Google auction for search slots on Android devices demonstrates that Bing has a following .
...
Discovery , Magnite Extend Relationship To Streaming
In Overseas Markets Discovery , which has been working with the Magnite sell - side advertising platform in the U.S. , has also tapped Magnite ...
Peacock Premium Plus Adds Offline Downloads
Users of the free Peacock version can try the offline access feature by taking a seven - day free trial ...
The stomach is controlled by computer
The Institute of Food Research hopes it will aid the development of new superfoods by revealing how they are broken down in the gut .
The device , made from sophisticated plastics and metals , can withstand the corrosive gut acids and enzymes , and can be fed real food .
It mimics both the physical and chemical reactions that take place during digestion - and can even vomit .
This is an important tool that will allow us to understand what happens in the gut
Dr Peter Ellis
King 's College London
Chief designer Dr Martin Wickham said his model was much more sophisticated than previous attempts , which tended to focus solely on reproducing the chemistry of digestion .
It even mimics the stomach contractions which are used to break up food , and send it on its way along the alimentary canal .
New treatments
Dr Wickham hopes his model will help scientists understand more about how food gets processed in the gut , and which nutrients get absorbed .
Armed with this knowledge , they may be able to develop healthier foods designed to manipulate the digestive process .
For instance , knowing how quickly glucose gets absorbed into the bloodstream would potentially help treat diabetes .
Dr Wickham said : " Our knowledge of what actually happens in the gut is still very rudimentary , but we hope that this model can help fill in some of the blanks . "
Dr Peter Ellis , a biochemistry expert at King 's College London , said : " This is an important tool that will allow us to understand what happens in the gut , which has essentially been like a black box until recently .
" This model is important because it gets the science of digestion right . "
Dr Stephen Bloom , head of metabolic medicine at Imperial College in London , agreed the model could be useful - but warned that it might have limitations .
He said : " The stomach is an extraordinarily complex organ , so you cannot create a model that will undertake all of these functions . "
Two - stage model
The top half of the model consists of a vessel in which food , stomach acids and digestive enzymes are mixed .
Once this hydration process is finished , the food gets broken down into smaller pieces that can be absorbed by the human body .
Computer software is used to control how long food remains in a particular part of the stomach , and the release of the gut secretions .
It has the capacity of about half the size of an actual stomach , and can " eat " the equivalent of a normal portion of fish and chips .
The artificial gut is already attracting commercial attention , with one company wanting to test how a new food product can release a specific nutrient into the intestine .
Another group wants to determine if soil contaminants , which could potentially be swallowed by children playing outside , get absorbed by the human body .
Build Your Own
Nuclear Bomb Effects Computer by John Walker
Introduction
The Web edition of the nuclear bomb effects computer , however handy when you 're online , is n't much use when operating under field conditions , in a post - Armageddon environment , or for settling thermonuclear bar bets .
Fortunately , with a little time , patience , and access to a suitable printer and office supplies , you can assemble your own pocket slide rule computer , just like the original — no batteries or Internet connection required !
You 'll need to be able to print graphics ( ideally in colour ) from images in PNG ( Portable Network Graphics ) format with a specified and consistent scale .
The rotating discs of the bomb computer must be printed on clear plastic with white areas of the image left clear .
Most printers can print transparencies intended for overhead projectors which are suitable for this purpose .
Component Images
base_front.png base_back.png rotor1.png rotor2.png
Printing the Components
All the slide rule components must be printed at the same scale ; the relationship between pixels in the images and size on the printed components must be identical or the scales wo n't line up when you assemble them .
To facilitate printing with a common scale , the component images all have the same width : 1575 pixels .
If your image processing program allows you to specify the width as - printed for an image ( setting the height as required to preserve the image 's “ aspect ratio ” : proportion of width and height ) , you only need ensure that you 've entered the same width before printing each image .
A width specification of 5.25 inches for the 1575 pixel images will yield printed components almost identical in size to those of the original slide rule .
The rotor1.png image is quite tall when printed at this scale ; if your transparency material is much shorter than metric A4 paper , the top or bottom may be truncated when the image is printed .
If only a small portion of the outline of the bottom part is truncated , that 's no problem since you can use the folded - over top as a cutting guide .
If part of the top disc is truncated , shift the image position down on the printed page .
In case of desperation , you can reduce the scale of all the components slightly to eliminate the truncation or rotate the rotor1.png image on the page so it fits on the diagonal .
( If you do this you 'll have to note the scale factor you used when printing the other components and enter it for this rotor ; once you 've rotated the image , its width wo n't be 1575 pixels any more , so you can't specify the scale implicitly by the width ) .
The Base Disc
The base_front.png and base_back.png images , as you may have guessed , are the front and back of the base disc of the slide rule .
The relative orientation of these images must be preserved when they 're printed on the front and back of the same piece of paper , ideally card stock as stiff as will feed reliably through your printer without slipping , jamming , or other mishaps .
With most laser and inkjet printers , you can load the images into your image editing program ( for example , the GIMP , XV , Paint Shop Pro , PhotoShop , etc. ) , print the front image centred on the page at the specified scale , then place the printed sheet with the front side image back into the printer 's paper tray in the correct orientation ( which may require consulting the printer 's documentation and / or some experimentation ) , then print the back image centred on the other side of the same sheet .
What you want to produce through this rigmarole is a base sheet which contains the front image on one side and the back image on the other with the centre marks aligned .
The relative orientation of the front and back should be such that if you hold the sheet with the the legend “ YIELD 1KT ” on the outermost front scale at the top , then flip the sheet over left to right , the “ INSTRUCTIONS ” on the back will appear at the top on the other side .
If the centre marks do n't line up or the relative orientation of the front and back are incorrect , label the sides and corners of a test sheet and record how it should be fed when you finally manage to print the back correctly .
( Note that with rectangular paper there are four different ways to feed the sheet with the printed front scale when printing the back , only one of which is correct .
If the paper is square , there are seven ways to get it wrong .
It is best to use cheap paper for these experiments , and switch to fancy card stock only when you 're sure you 've figured out how to manage the front and back printing . )
Even though you tell the software to centre the image on the page , you may find that the front and back sides are consistently misaligned ; the two centre marks are offset identically in every print attempt .
If this happens , you 've probably run into some eccentricity of your printer , driver software , or graphics program , and you 'll have to twiddle the print position of the back until the two sides line up .
Unfortunately , since every program has its own way of specifying print alignment , you may have to consult the documentation for whatever program you 're using and engage in a bit of trial and error to obtain satisfactory results .
The Rotors
The rotors should be printed on transparent stock , such as that used to make transparencies for overhead projectors .
You may wish to print one or more sets on regular paper to make sure the scale is correct and hone your cutting and folding skills before trying it with the more expensive transparency material .
If your printer uses ink which takes some time to to dry on transparency material , leave the transparencies flat , printed side up , and protected from dust until the ink is completely dry .
Cutting Out Pieces and Making Centre Holes
Next , we need to cut out the base disc and rotors from the sheets on which they were printed .
Both the large and small rotors will be folded along the dashed line so their front and back parts remain connected by the tab .
You can fold the rotors before or after cutting them out .
With the transparency material I 've tried it 's easier to fold them before cutting , as you have the full sheet to aid in alignment and provide a better grip .
Take each rotor , being careful to fold it so the printed side is outside , and gently fold it over so the centre marks for the front and back coincide .
Adjust these so the overlap is precise , then work the fold back to the dashed line ( which should now run exactly along the fold ) , and crease it by running your fingernail or the barrel of a pen along the fold .
Re-crease as necessary if the transparency material has a tendency to un -fold itself .
Now it 's time to summon those skills you learnt in kindergarten to cut out the rotors and base disc from the printed sheets .
It does n't matter whether you cut just inside or outside the guide lines , but for best appearance try to be consistent and do n't weave back and forth across the line .
If you 've previously folded the rotors , cutting across the folded tab will tend to un - fold it ; re-crease the folds when you 're done .
If you slip and spoil a component while cutting it out — there 's no “ Undo ” command in the real world — just print another and try again .
The slide rule will work best if the centre holes in the components are all exactly centred , as circular as possible , and no larger than the paper fastener around which they pivot .
Most office paper punches do not allow inserting paper deep enough to punch a hole where required , so some creativity is required .
I made the hole in the centre disc ( stiff paper ) , by boring a hole with an electric drill and high - speed metal bit .
using a block of wood as a base .
This is overkill , to be sure , but then we 're making a nuclear bomb computer !
The drill bit tends to chew up the transparency material I used , leaving ragged edges .
( There are several kinds of printable transparencies , however , and others may behave differently . )
I then tried melting the centre holes with a conical soldering iron tip heated to the normal soldering temperature of 450 °C , and this worked perfectly — as long as I was careful to properly centre the tip on the centre cross and stop as soon as the hole reached the proper diameter , the result was round and well centred .
When making a hole , I placed the transparency material over the hole in the sponge used to clean the soldering iron tip — this supported it around the centre mark while I was melting the hole .
You might want to practise with some of the transparency material left over when you cut out the rotors to see how it behaves and sharpen your skill .
If you 've printed the rotors on , say , nitrocellulose - based film , burning holes in them with a soldering iron is a distinctly poor idea .
( “ Coming up after the break , local programmer making a nuclear bomb computer blows himself up and burns down the house . ” )
Putting Together the Pieces
The components are now ready to assemble into the complete slide rule .
The original bomb computer used a nice round rivet in the centre ; if you can locate such a thing ( look in sewing supplies ) that 's great , but unless you plan to use your bomb computer frequently , a regular brass paper fastener will work fine .
Unfold the two rotors and stack the items in the following order on a flat working surface with the centre holes approximately lined up .
Back disc from rotor1.png ( thermal and radiation curves )
Back cursor from rotor2.png Base disc with front image on top Outer rotor ( rotor1.png top image )
Inner rotor ( rotor2.png top image )
( Note that the back parts of the rotors are stacked in a different order than their fronts .
This is deliberate ; the disc with the thermal and radiation curves acts to protect and guide the thin cursor on the back of the inner rotor , which is otherwise prone to bending ; the original bomb computer is assembled in this order . )
Insert the paper fastener through the centre from the front , jiggling the components to line up their centres as you work it through , and fasten it on the back side .
Rotate the inner and outer rotors using their tabs to make sure nothing binds , and confirm that the scales from the disc line up with the windows in the rotors , and you 're done !
You may now wish to proceed to the bomb computer instructions and work a few problems to confirm that everything 's lined up as intended .
Below are front and back pictures of the slide rule I made when testing these directions , alongside the prototype .
I do n't have a colour printer — they do n't agree with me — so this exemplar is in somewhat dingy shades of grey .
Think of it as the “ Soviet edition ” .
Download Component Images Archive ( Zipped , 3 Mb )
Back to Nuclear Bomb Effects Computer
by John Walker
June 2005
identity theft resulting
from simply buying a pizza .
$ 1,500 in fraudulent credit card charges across two different
states were the result of identity theft committed against
the man while he was living in Ohio .
It seems the pizza
clerk made use of a small , handheld device called a
" skimmer " to illegally capture the man 's credit card data .
names , account numbers
and other identifying information from the magnetic stripes
located on the back of the card
name , home address , phone number
pay cash
for that pizza
It was bound to happen sooner or later .
A
Utah man paid the ultimate high price for his recentpizza purchase .
That 's right - The skimmer pulls the data from your credit card which providesthe identity thief all the information needed to make a counterfeitcard .
A skimmer can hold card data from hundreds of differentcredit cards .
Identity thieves use them to record theto be downloaded onto a personalcomputer later .
That data can then be used to make phony creditcards used to commit fraud against innocent victims .
Since hand held card skimmers have been reported to cost as littleas $ 300 , it 's no wonder the pizza man found it far more profitableto steal identities than worry about whether pepperoni or sausagewas on your order .
Now combine a skimmer equipped identity thief with a customer orderdatabase which includes yourand you have a ready made set of potential victims to commit creditfraud against .
No wonder the pizza man is part of a cottage industry of identitythieves who either directly commit credit fraud or illegally sellyour personal information to others to use anywhere else in theworld .
It 's a big problem which was estimated to cost $ 1 billion a yearaccordingly to Bankrate.com .
So , our tip for today is toordered fromthe call in service .
Better yet , avoid using those " convenient " phone in ordered , pizza delivery services altogether as they aretypically staffed by transient labor who are responsible forrecording some of your most confidential personal credit datathat you would typically only trust with a bank .
TPS Enables Study Of Mysterious Pioneer Anomaly
by Staff Writers
Pasadena CA ( SPX ) Jun 09 , 2006
There 's a mystery at the edge of our solar system :
Two spacecraft , Pioneers 10 and 11 , which were launched to Jupiter and Saturn more than 30 years ago , are hurtling towards the edge of our solar system - but at a slower than expected rate .
Called the Pioneer Anomaly , the effect of this slowing is small , but measurable , and so far unexplained .
This riddle has sparked an array of possible explanations , ranging from dark matter to spacecraft equipment to - most provocative of all - a new physics .
More data is what scientists need to solve the mystery , and more data is what they now possess , thanks to Planetary Society members .
Only a fraction of the Pioneer spacecraft navigational data has ever been analyzed to study this anomaly , but much of the more than 30 years of mission data was in disarray , on ancient media , and in danger of being destroyed .
That 's where The Planetary Society 's members stepped in .
Only about 11 years of the Pioneer Doppler data , which measured the spacecrafts ' velocity through the Doppler shift of the received frequency of the Pioneer signal , had been analyzed , and no solution to the slowdown had been determined .
Much of the remaining data was stored on old 7 - and 9 - track magnetic tapes and needed to be identified , recovered and saved .
No NASA funding was available for that task .
The Planetary Society issued an appeal to its worldwide membership and raised the funding needed to recover and validate this trove of information .
" We were happy to come to the rescue when no one else would , " said Bruce Betts , the society 's project manager .
" Whether the new data show the anomaly to be caused by some mundane effect from the spacecraft itself or lead to a new understanding of physics , the Pioneer Anomaly has been a mystery calling out to be solved . "
After the society initiated the project , NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory also contributed in - house funds to further support the Pioneer Anomaly team .
Scientists and engineers led by Slava G. Turyshev at JPL were able to recover much of the more - than - 30 - year navigational histories of both spacecraft , including data from their Jupiter and Saturn encounters in the 1970s .
The data are now being collected , arranged , validated , and written to modern media and will be provided to teams of scientists to analyze .
Success extended beyond the recovery of the velocity data .
Information about the spacecraft themselves , as well as science data , was contained in what are called Master Data Records , discovered in storage at NASA Ames Research Center - which operated the Pioneer spacecraft .
Original plans called for that data to be kept for seven years , but fortunately , many records were turned up in the search for more data .
Thanks to Viktor Toth , a software designer from Canada , these telemetry data files are also being collected and arranged , all useful data is being extracted , and they are being written to modern media .
What can these additional data tell scientists ?
For one thing , MDR data include temperatures measured throughout the spacecraft during the course of the missions .
These will be critical for modeling the thermal radiation from the spacecraft , its variations over time , and whether it could help explain the anomaly .
Planetary Society college intern Merek Chertkow is beginning to analyze this information , as are various professional scientists .
The Pioneer Anomaly was discovered when John D. Anderson and colleagues at JPL realized that the trajectories of the two spacecraft were deviating from the known laws of motion .
After about 30 years of travel , the Pioneer Anomaly has resulted in the spacecraft being about 240,000 miles - the Earth - Moon distance - closer to the Sun than expected .
That seemingly trivial amount - the Pioneer spacecraft are traveling at 30,000 miles per hour � has intrigued scientists , because no known factor explained the slowdown .
What could be affecting their speed ?
Many hypotheses have been suggested : the interplanetary plasma and solar wind thermal recoil force due to heat from the spacecraft 's nuclear power sources mysterious dark matter in the galaxy a manifestation of new physics .
No hypothesis could be adequately explained by known data , but with the data saved with the help of The Planetary Society , scientists will now have far more information available to help them solve the Pioneer Anomaly .
From The Washington Post : Tokyo - Japanese researchers said Sunday that a bottlenose dolphin captured last month has an extra set of fins that could be the remains of hind legs , a discovery that may provide further evidence that ocean - dwelling mammals once lived on land .
Fishermen captured the four - finned dolphin alive off the coast of Wakayama prefecture ( state ) in western Japan on October 28 , and alerted the nearby Taiji Whaling Museum , according to museum director Katsuki Hayashi .
Fossil remains show dolphins and whales were four - footed land animals about 50 million years ago and share the same common ancestor as hippos and deer .
Scientists believe they later transitioned to an aquatic lifestyle and their hind limbs disappeared .
Continued at " Dolphin May Have ' Remains ' of Legs "
A webpage on " Evolution of Dolphins "
Books on ' Mammals and Evolution ' from the Science and Evolution Bookshop : UK | US
Technorati : washington post , tokyo , bottlenose , dolphin , fins , remains , hind , legs , discovery , evidence , ocean , dwelling , mammals , land , fishermen , alive , wakayama , prefecture , western , japan , musuem , taiji , whaling , fossil , dolphins , whales , animals , common , ancestor , hippos , deer , aquatic , limbs , evolution , qatar , india
Tuesday , August 22 , 2006
The D.C. Circuit held today , in Murphy v. United States , No. 03cv02414 ( D.C. Cir. 8/22/06 ) , that § 104 ( a ) ( 2 ) is unconstitutional under the 16th Amendment as applied to a recovery for a non-physical personal injury ( emotional distress and loss of reputation ) unrelated to lost wages or earnings .
Murphy received $ 70,000 from New York State for anxiety suffered and injury to her reputation as a result of being " blacklisted " after becoming a whistleblower against her employer ( the New York Air National Guard ) :
Murphy argues that , being neither a gain nor an accession to wealth , her award is not income and § 104 ( a ) ( 2 ) is therefore unconstitutional insofar as it would make the award taxable as income ....
In Murphy ’s view , the Court thereby made clear that the recovery of compensatory damages for a “ personal injury ” -- of whatever type -- is analogous to a “ return of capital ” and therefore is not income under the IRC or the Sixteenth Amendment .
According to Murphy , the Supreme Court read the concept of “ human capital ” into the IRC in Glenshaw Glass ....
In Murphy ’s view , the Court thereby made clear that the recovery of compensatory damages for a “ personal injury ” -- of whatever type -- is analogous to a “ return of capital ” and therefore is not income under the IRC or the Sixteenth Amendment .....
Noting that the power of the Congress to tax income “ extends broadly to all economic gains , ” ... the Government next maintains that compensatory damages “ plainly constitute economic gain , for the taxpayer unquestionably has more money after receiving the damages than she had prior to receipt of the award . ” ...
At the outset , we reject the Government ’s breathtakingly expansive claim of congressional power under the Sixteenth Amendment -- upon which it founds the more far - reaching arguments it advances here .
The Sixteenth Amendment simply does not authorize the Congress to tax as “ incomes ” every sort of revenue a taxpayer may receive .
As the Supreme Court noted long ago , the “ Congress can not make a thing income which is not so in fact . ” ...
In sum , every indication is that damages received solely in compensation for a personal injury are not income within the meaning of that term in the Sixteenth Amendment .
First , as compensation for the loss of a personal attribute , such as wellbeing or a good reputation , the damages are not received in lieu of income .
Second , the framers of the Sixteenth Amendment would not have understood compensation for a personal injury -- including a nonphysical injury -- to be income .
Therefore , we hold § 104 ( a ) ( 2 ) unconstitutional insofar as it permits the taxation of an award of damages for mental distress and loss of reputation .
Albert Einstein may have been correct that “ [t ] he hardest thing in the world to understand is the income tax , ” The Macmillan Book of Business and Economic Quotations 195 ( Michael Jackman ed. , 1984 ) , but it is not hard to understand that not all receipts of money are income .
Murphy ’s compensatory award in particular was not received “ in lieu of ” something normally taxed as income ; nor is it within the meaning of the term “ incomes ” as used in the Sixteenth Amendment .
Therefore , insofar as § 104 ( a ) ( 2 ) permits the taxation of compensation for a personal injury , which compensation is unrelated to lost wages or earnings , that provision is unconstitutional .
For more on the definition of income in Glenshaw Glass , see Joseph Dodge , The Story of Glenshaw Glass : Toward a Modern Concept of Gross Income , in Tax Stories ( Foundation Press , 2003 ) .
Steve Bank ( UCLA ) offers these perceptive comments on Murphy :
This is an odd application of original intent or even original meaning analysis ( assuming you agree that either is relevant ) .
The court acknowledges that there were a number of revenue acts before Congress even addressed damage recoveries , thus providing at least five years of separation from the ratification of the Sixteenth Amendment to any opinion on this issue .
Five years is not long , but the onset of World War I in the intervening years , plus the dramatic increase in the top marginal rates from 6 % in 1913 to 65 % in 1918 , radically changed the landscape under which the issue was considered .
That renders the 1918 view of the situation hardly the final word on what was the commonly understood meaning in 1913 , prior to World War I .
Even then , the opinion was from the Attorney General and not from Congress or any committee of Congress .
More importantly , during this period , the definition of income was far from settled .
The income tax was only five years old and Congress was borrowing from economic definitions , legal definitions , and popular definitions .
The economic understanding of the term “ income ” at the time was arguably evenly split between those advocating an accretion tax notion of income ( e.g. , Haig ) and those advocating a consumption tax notion of income ( e.g. , Fisher ) .
The latter would not have supported a tax on capital gains , although the Supreme Court held that it was permissible in a 1921 decision .
As I have argued in the context of tax - free reorganizations , the provisions adopted in 1918 were an attempt to compromise between these conflicting definitions of income so as to assure a proper revenue to pay for war expenses while still maintaining the appearance of fairness and responding to heavy lobbying from business and the wealthy .
The notion of taxing people who recovered damages during this war period may have violated our sense of fair play when war profiteers were seeking to avoid paying tax on their bounty .
Under the Murphy Court ’s analysis , it is not clear whether stock dividends should be taxable ( since Treasury held them to be so soon after the 16th amendment was ratified in 1913 ) or not ( since the Supreme Court held their taxation to be unconstitutional – in the only instance in which a tax statute was struck down as unconstitutional – in 1920 in Eisner v. Macomber ) .
There are many other examples , including examples of Treasury flip - flopping on its own positions .
The law was in flux in part for the very reason that there had been no “ commonly understood ” definition of income for tax purposes at the time the 16th amendment was ratified .
( Hat Tip : Jon Forman , Michael Graetz , Brant Hellwig & Joshua Klein . )
Update :
https://taxprof.typepad.com/taxprof_blog/2006/08/dc_circuit_hold.html
Soundararajan cleared a gender test last year
Santhi Soundararajan , who took the silver in the women 's 800 m race at the Asian Games in Doha , has been stripped of her medal , reports say .
Soundararajan , 25 , was declared the best athlete at an Indian championship in the capital , Delhi , this year .
In 1999 , a woman in an Indian state football team failed a gender test .
Not mandatory
" Santhi was subjected to a gender test in Doha and we have received the report which says she failed the test , " said Manmohan Singh , chairman of the Indian Olympic Association 's Medical Commission .
Soundararajan is refusing to comment .
" I was not informed about the test results and I do n't know much on that .
I do not want to talk about it , " she told journalists .
The test is not mandatory , but is carried out if officials want it or a rival team protests , reports say .
KP Mohan , a sports journalist , said athletes were usually examined by a team of doctors , including a gynaecologist , endocrinologist and psychologist , and put through physical and clinical examinations during a gender test .
The test was carried out soon after Soundararajan came second in the women 's 800 m race on 9 December .
Reports say the athlete cleared the gender test at the Asian track and field championship in South Korea last year where she won the silver medal in the 800m .
It is not clear how she failed the test at the Asian Games in Doha .
This is the second controversy to hit Indian athletes within a month - female shot putter Seema Antil was withdrawn from the Asian Games after she failed a pre-competition dope test .
The supposed mistake has dogged Armstrong for nearly four decades
On tapes of the Moon landings , he appears to drop the " a " from the famous quote : " That 's one small step for a man , one giant leap for mankind . "
But new analysis of the tapes has proved Mr Armstrong right after all .
Computer programmer Peter Shann Ford used audio analysis software to show that the missing " a " was blotted out by transmission static .
Even Mr Armstrong has never made up his mind about whether he got the quote right .
" It does n't sound like there was time for the word to be there , " he told author James Hansen in his 2005 biography First Man .
I find the technology interesting and useful - I also find his conclusion persuasive
Neil Armstrong
" So I would hope that history would grant me leeway for dropping the syllable and understand that it was certainly intended , even if it was n't said - although it might actually have been . "
But an analysis of the audio files downloaded from Nasa 's website using GoldWave , a $ 45 ( £ 24 ) audio editing program , indicates that the word was spoken but not recorded by Mr Armstrong 's microphone before being transmitted to the 500 million people watching the Apollo 11 mission .
Ford said that Mr Armstrong completed the whole phrase " one small step for a man " too quickly to pick up every syllable he said .
But the audio analysis was able to find the signature of the missing word , he said .
Technology backed
In a statement , Mr Armstrong supported the evidence presented .
" I have reviewed the data and Peter Ford 's analysis of it , and I find the technology interesting and useful , " he said .
" I also find his conclusion persuasive .
Persuasive is the appropriate word . "
More than half a billion people watched the moon landings live
Mr Armstrong says that he came up with the phrase in the hours between the touchdown of the lunar module and his first steps onto the Moon 's surface .
But without the missing " a " , the meaning of the quote is lost .
In effect , the line means : " That 's one small step for mankind , one giant leap for mankind . "
Former Nasa historian Roger Launius told the Houston Chronicle that he supported Ford 's conclusions .
" It 's nice to know that what he thought he said , he actually did say , and that because of the nature of the electronic and the communications systems of the time , it just did not get through . "
In the spotlight
Tutorial : Building your first website using a free website template
( part 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 and 6 )
New : Mobile website templates and Premium website templates
Funny on other blogs :
Privacy Policy
25 Most Bizarre Jobs
Published on 4/14/2006
Fantasy Broker
A postal clerk wants to be a stand - up comedian for one night .
A businessman wants to drive a freight train across a western State .
A psychiatrist wants 20 dates on 20 weekends with 20 girls from 20 different countries .
How do they do it ?
They see a fantasy broker whose business is making dreams come true .
Originally pioneered in Chicago by an advertising executive , fantasy firms in several cities now do a booming business , charging from $ 150 to thousands to turn dreams into reality .
Ball Picker
Picks up unclaimed baseballs , golf balls and the like to keep recreation areas clean .
Ant Catcher
Digs up live ants for use in pastic ant farms .
Brain Picker
Places animal head on a table or on hooks in a slaughterhouse , splits the skull and picks out the brains .
Forest Fire Lookout
This is the perfect job for solitary types with no fear of heights and the ideal opportunity to write the great American novel .
The job consists of manning a tower in a national park or forest preserve and watching for signs of fire .
It can be lonely work ; for years the Forest service sought newlywed couples for this job .
Pay is based on civil service wage levels ( starting around $ 6,000 ) and includes generous health benefits .
Author Jack Kerouac did this .
Furniture Tester
Want to relax for a living ?
The La-z - Boy Company ( and probably others ) employs furniture testers to check out their recliners .
Odor Judgers
Odor Judgers get to smell armpits all day to help make deodorants that will work well .
Queen Producer
Raises queen bees .
Finder An Oklahoma City man makes a living finding unusual things for people -- like a pair of fleas dressed as bride and groom , a baseball signed by Jim Thorpe in 1933 , and a client 's missing brother .
Finders Keepers , Inc. , was started by an ex-advertising agency employee who discovered he had a knack for finding odd props for TV commercials .
" I have always been able to locate the rare and unusual with an uncanny facility , " he says .
" Suddenly it dawned on me that I could capitalize on my ability . "
Finders Keepers will look for anything , provided it 's legal .
The company 's manager boasts a high success rate ; however , he 's still looking for an electric clock motor that runs backward .
Egg Breaker
Separates yolks and thites of eggs for use in food products by striking eggs against a bar .
Pours contents of broken eggs into an egg - separating device .
Hooker Inspector
Inspects cloth in a textile mill for defects by using a hooking machine that folds the cloth .
Foot straightener
Straightens and screws into place the feet on watch and clock dials during assembly .
Chicken Sexer
Sorts through baby chicks to determine if they are male or female , and then segregate them .
The chicken sexer puts the chicken hatchlings on the appropriate track early , enabling those chickens to receive optimal nourishment for their likely commercial role from an early age .
Wrinkle Chaser
The person that irons wrinkles from shoes as they are being made to ensure they are perfectly smooth when you buy them .
Boner
Inserts stays ( bones or steels ) into prepared pockets of woman 's foundation garments , such as corsets and brassieres .
Cowpuncher
Cowpunchers herd , castrate and brand cattle .
When you get bored castrating cattle , you get to repair fences , watering troughs and do other maintenance work on the ranch .
Card Dealer
If you like to play cards , are manually dexterous , and hate working a 9 - to - 5 day , you have the qualifications for a casino card dealer .
Contrary to the stereotyped shady gambler myth , casinos prefer to hire responsible people , train them carefully , and pay them middle - class incomes .
Gambling is a business , and dealers are business representatives .
One ex-bank teller started dealing blackjack as the result of a Las Vegas vacation .
" Dealing , " she says , " is like bank work .
You handle money and you 're on your feet all day .
But the pay is better , the atmosphere is exciting , and the hours are flexible . "
Where to apply ?
Las Vegas .
Or Reno .
Or anywhere else that gambling is legal .
Top Screw
Supervises cowboys -- called screws .
Weed Farmer
Grows weeds for sale to universities and chemical companies to be used in herbicide research .
Celluloid Trimmer
A Celluloid Trimmer shaves down a golf club and then adds celluloid bands onto the golf clubs to make the leather grip stay in place .
Chimney Sweep Sweeps are respected professionals in Europe , with an official uniform -- black funeral suits , top hats , and turban -- that reflects the romantic image of the trade .
Sweden 's sweeps ( both men and women ) must serve a 2 - year apprenticeship before being licensed to practice .
The occupation is almost nonexistent in the U.S. , but one Southern California sweep , formerly in the beauty supply business , charges $ 25 per 1 1/2 - to - 2 - hour cleaning job and plans eventually to have sweeps all over Los Angeles working for him .
" Chimneys in Southern California are terribly neglected , " he says .
" There are just no sweeps to clean them . "
Upsetter
Sets up and operates a closed - die forging machine that expands the ends of hot metal bars .
Egg smeller
Smells eggs agter they are broken open to check for spoilage .
Pillowcase turner
Turns pillowcases right side out and stretches mterial to remove wrinkles .
Easter bunny
Impersonates Easter bunny to promote sales activity in retail stores , at conventions at conventions and exhibits , hospitals and private parties .
Submit to : Del.icio.us Netscape Furl Facebook Send by Email
The United States is the world 's most unfriendly country for international travellers , a survey suggests .
The global survey showed the US was ranked " the worst " because of rude immigration officials and long delays in processing visas .
More than half of the travellers surveyed said US immigration officials were rude and two - thirds said they feared they would be detained on arriving in the US for a simple mistake in their paper work or for saying the wrong thing to an immigration official .
Correction Appended
SEATTLE , Aug. 19 — In August , when much of the world is hard at work trying to do nothing , Jeff Hopkins and his wife , Denise , usually take a week to chase fish in Olympic National Park — a ferry ride and two tanks of gas from here with a boat in tow .
But this year , their summer vacation is dead , a victim of $ 3 - a - gallon gas and job uncertainty .
“ This is our vacation , ” said Mr. Hopkins , loading up his drift boat for an evening of fishing in the city just after getting off work at the Boeing plant , where he has been employed for 15 years .
Even before toothpaste could clog an airport security line and a full tank of gas was considered an indulgence , Americans had begun to sour on the traditional summer vacation .
But this summer , a number of surveys show that American workers , who already take fewer vacations than people in nearly all industrial nations , have pruned back their leisure days even more .
The Conference Board , a private research group , found that at the start of the summer , 40 percent of consumers had no plans to take a vacation over the next six months — the lowest percentage recorded by the group in 28 years .
A survey by the Gallup Organization in May based on telephone interviews with a national sample of 1,003 adults found that 43 percent of respondents had no summer vacation plans .
Chemical engineer Kamalesh Sirkar , PhD , a distinguished professor at New Jersey Institute of Technology ( NJIT ) and an expert in membrane separation technology , is leading a team of researchers to develop a breakthrough method to desalinate water .
Sirkar , who holds more than 20 patents in the field of membrane separation , said that using his technology , engineers will be able to recover water from brines with the highest salt concentrations .
The Bureau of Reclamation in the Department of Interior is funding the project .
" Our process will work especially well with brines holding salt concentrations above 5.5 percent , " Sirkar said .
Currently , 5.5 percent is the highest percentage of salt in brine that can be treated using reverse osmosis .
" We especially like our new process because we can fuel it with low grade , inexpensive waste heat , " Sirkar said .
" Cheap heat costs less , but can heat brine efficiently . "
The science behind Sirkar 's membrane distillation process is simple .
The inexpensive fuel heats the water forcing it to evaporate from the salt solution .
The cleansed vapor then travels through nano - sized pore in the membrane to wind up condensed in the cold water on the membrane 's other side .
" The basic principles of membrane separation have been known for a long time , " said Sirkar .
" Intestines in animals and humans are semi-permeable membranes .
Early experiments to study the process of separation were performed by chemists using samples of animal membranes . "
Today , membrane separation processes depend on the design of the membrane and the membrane module .
The size of the pores is often key to determining which molecular components in either a liquid or gas form will pass through the membrane .
Typically molecules flow from a region of high to low concentration .
Pressure or concentration differences on both sides of the membrane cause the actual separation to occur .
As pore size decreases , the membrane 's efficiency and selectivity increases .
Membrane separation processes are used in biomedical , biotechnology , chemical , food , petrochemical , pharmaceutical and water treatment industries to separate / purify / concentrate liquid solutions or cellular suspensions or gaseous mixtures .
Typically Sirkar works with miniscule membranes , smaller in size than nanometers .
A nanometer is one billionth of a meter .
Sirkar has been leading the effort in membrane separations and biotechnology at NJIT since1992 .
He is the director for the Center for Membrane Technologies at NJIT and is the Foundation Professor of Membrane Separations .
Sirkar has authored more than 140 peer - reviewed articles that have appeared in AIChE Journal , Biotechnology and Bioengineering , , Chemical Engineering Science , Industrial and Engineering Chemistry Research ; Journal of Membrane Science ; Polymer ; Biotechnology Progress ; Journal of American Chemical Society ; Journal of Controlled Release and more .
Sirkar graduated with a bachelor 's degree with honors in 1963 from the Indian Institute of Technology , Kharagpur , India .
He received his master 's degree and his doctorate from the University of Illinois , Urbana .
Although Sirkar has no crystal ball , he envisions many future applications for his process .
" Desalinating seawater to stimulate economic development and create potable water always has an attentive audience , " he said .
###
New Jersey Institute of Technology , the state 's public technological research university , enrolls more than 8,100 students in bachelor 's , master 's and doctoral degrees in 100 degree programs offered by six colleges : Newark College of Engineering , New Jersey School of Architecture , College of Science and Liberal Arts , School of Management , Albert Dorman Honors College and College of Computing Sciences .
NJIT is renowned for expertise in architecture , applied mathematics , wireless communications and networking , solar physics , advanced engineered particulate materials , nanotechnology , neural engineering and eLearning .
In 2006 , Princeton Review named NJIT among the nation 's top 25 campuses for technology recognizing the university 's tradition of research and learning at the edge in knowledge .
Introduction
Making your own decisions .
Doing something you love .
Spending more time with the family .
Participating in the American dream .
Starting a business is awesome .
Paperwork .
Legal fees .
Invoices .
More paperwork .
Taxes .
Starting a business sucks .
The Particletree team is about to incorporate its second business and have come to the conclusion that , while everyone seems to be pretty good at giving sage advice about running a business , most fail to get to the specifics on starting one .
In an attempt to reduce the number of frustrating hours searching the web for what you need , we ’ve written this article to help you with the small business paperwork , the basics of accounting , and an overview of some legal considerations .
The topics are n’t sexy , but they ’ll get you headed in the right direction if you ’re tired of working for the man and want to get out on your own .
Before going further , we want to apologize to our foreign readers .
Most of the resources noted here are relevant to United States businesses only .
Our Favorites First
There are too many sites and too many books out there trying to take advantage of the apparent complexity of business .
Before we really get into it , we ’d like to recommend our favorite digital source and our favorite analog source of information for this stuff .
The first comes from the Lords of Paperwork themselves , the IRS .
Surprising , I know , but it ’s in the IRS ’ and the economy ’s best interest to make this information easy to find and easy to use .
Their Small Business and Self - Employed One - Stop Resource is unquestionably a perfect place to get the official word on all of these issues .
It ’s one of the best federal government web sites out there .
It ’s all very well organized and very easy to read .
They even offer free broadband video streams for a number of their tax training courses .
The second is a guidebook for businesses dealing with creative and communication services titled The Business Side of Creativity by Cameron S. Foote .
> The most comprehensive business companion available for those just starting out or expanding operations in the design field , this updated edition of an industry standard furnishes all freelance graphic designers , art directors , illustrators , copywriters , and design - shop principals with the tools needed to move ahead in the design business .
From getting launched to running a multiperson shop to retiring comfortably , this book covers it all and includes sample business forms .
> Amazon Book Description
This book is chock full of some of the most practical and forward advice we ’ve seen on all of the topics below and even includes additional material on pricing , customer relationships , and time management .
We ca n’t praise it enough around here - it ’s just too good .
Business Genesis
After you know what you ’re going to do and with whom , there are three important tasks to accomplish when creating a small business .
1 ) decide on a business structure , 2 ) determine if an EIN number is necessary , and 3 ) open up a business bank account .
After completing these tasks , the groundwork for your business is set and you ’re on your way to becoming the next Steve Jobs .
Choosing a Structure -
Once you decide to go into business , you ’ll have to choose a business structure to see what kind of paperwork you ’ll have to fill out to make your business a legal entity .
There ’s a lot of variance among the structures in regards to their tax implications and personal liability .
A sole proprietorship or partnership might be all you need to quickly and inexpensively start a business , but they leave you personally vulnerable .
On the other hand , a corporation could provide you with less personal risk and liability , but cost more time and money than you ’re willing to invest .
Spend some time understanding the different types of structures , since they all have their pros and cons .
To learn more about the different business structures , check out entrepreneur.com , and the Small Business Administration .
After choosing a structure , you may need to decide where you ’ll want to incorporate .
A lot of companies do not incorporate in the state in which the founders reside .
Different states have different laws that may prove beneficial or detrimental , depending on what you ’re hoping to accomplish .
Three of the most popular states to incorporate in are Delaware , Nevada , and Florida .
We can see you all starting to Google your way to an informed decision , and what you ’ll find is a lot of people trying to sell you incorporation services .
Incorporating is actually an easy process and can even be done on the web or on the phone with some firms .
Incorporating Particletree ( Florida S Corp ) online cost around $ 450 through Spiegel & Utrera , P.A. and our new company ( Delaware C Corp ) will cost about $ 600 through a law firm .
You ’ll get all the paperwork set up for you with cookie cutter agreements , minutes , and anything else you need to become an official entity .
Should you decide to incorporate , we recommend sitting down with a lawyer or accountant with your goals before making a decision .
This might run you a hundred bucks or so , but provides some peace of mind .
Employer Identification Number -
Once a business structure is selected , your company might need an employer identification number or EIN .
An EIN is a unique number the IRS assigns to your company for tax purposes .
Think of it as a social security number for your business .
The IRS provides information for determining if you need an EIN , applying for an EIN , and a detailed PDF on EIN’s .
Most incorporation services will fill out the appropriate form for you to mail off to the IRS .
Business Bank Account -
Once the company is official , head on over to the bank and create an account dedicated to your business .
While you can use a personal bank account for some forms of business , it just is n’t a good idea .
A business bank account allows you to separate business and personal finances and provide a good level of transparency should you ever be audited .
Besides , setting up a business bank account is cheap and sometimes even free , depending on the bank .
Right now , Bank of America offers free checking if you meet the monthly requirements .
If you do n’t , it ’s around $ 16 a month .
Accounting
Soon after your business is official , strange tax forms will start to show up in your mailbox .
People tend to believe the government to be a bureaucracy moving at the speed of slug , but the IRS becomes the epitome of efficiency after an EIN number is assigned .
After an EIN is issued and the mail starts rolling in , you might want to learn a little about number crunching and hire an accountant .
It ’s possible to learn the ins and outs of accounting by yourself , but unless you dream of becoming a business superhero , you will probably want to stick to what you do best and hire an accountant to do what they do best .
Some accountants are even open to the idea of trading services , and you can definitely create a web site faster than you can become a CPA .
Choosing an Accountant -
When searching for an accountant , you ’re really looking for a new team member .
A quality CPA can provide you with tax planning , business advice , personal finance advice , and of course , number crunching .
Do n’t just settle on any accountant , but look for someone who understands your company and its goals .
The best approach to finding an accountant is to ask similar companies who they use and how their experience has been .
You could also search for accountants in your neck of the woods .
Make a list of potential accountants and take them out to dinner one night .
How to choose your accountant or Hiring a CPA will get you started on how to select the right accountant for your business .
Note that if you are only testing the entrepreneurial waters and are not ready to shell out the big bucks for a CPA and all their business advice , an enrolled agent can give you all the help you need come tax season .
If you keep up with the books , you should be able to have your taxes done for a couple hundred dollars .
Bookkeeping - Keeping good books is essential to a company since they tell you how much profit you make , monitor the progress of your company , help to recognize cycles in the market , are necessary for tax preparation , and provide detailed records when applying for a loans or selling the company .
A good CPA provides a wealth of business and tax advice , but they might not be the person to record your daily financial transactions .
CPAs are expensive and bookkeeping is a fairly easy , if tedious , task .
For a small business , personally recording the books initially could prove beneficial as it helps with understanding basics of financial accounting .
Not to mention that saving money is often a priority of small start - up companies .
If you do choose to hire a bookkeeper , it ’s not a bad idea to go over the numbers with your bookkeeper to gain an understanding of what is going on .
To start you off with bookkeeping , the U.S. Small Business Administration provides tutorials on basic bookkeeping and accounting .
Additionally , learning about single entry bookkeeping , double entry bookkeeping , and the accounting equation will help you become a master of the books in no time .
For the actual bookkeeping process , you can use good ol ’ pencil and paper , or a bookkeeping software program such as Quickbooks .
Before hiring a bookkeeper or taking on the task yourself , talk to your accountant for bookkeeping recommendations .
Taxes -
Taxes are boring , sometimes painful , and generally best left to the accountants .
Your tax responsibilities vary from business to business and from year to year .
If you would like to learn more about taxes , here are some of the best resources the IRS has to offer .
Contact the IRS - You can contact the IRS for free basic tax advice .
Be advised , if you call them on the day your estimated taxes are due , be prepared to listen to a busy signal .
Do n’t ask me how I know this .
IRS Online Classrooms - View a streaming video of an IRS Small Business Workshop , take an IRS course , or complete an online self - directed version of a workshop taught live around the country .
There are also links to additional resources , including learning experiences for small business owners produced by some of our partners .
Tax Guide for Small Businesses -
A publication by the IRS dedicated to small businesses and taxes .
This is actually a pretty good read and gives you an overview of your tax liabilities .
Filing and Tax Needs - Includes links to EIN numbers , late fees , estimated taxes , and all kinds of other tax goodies .
IRS Forms and Publications -
The official source of IRS tax products including many valuable forms and publications .
The links provide methods to access and acquire both electronic and print media .
Deductions -
You may have just skipped the section on taxes , and I do n’t blame you .
That ’s what accountants are for .
That being said , you should learn about deductions , or expenses that can be subtracted from taxable income .
Deducting ordinary and necessary business expenses , such as computer equipment or business travel , can lower your overall tax liability and save your small business thousands of dollars .
For example , if you earn $ 1000 in revenues and buy a business computer for $ 600 , your tax liability is only $ 400 rather than the $ 1000 it would normally be .
If you are paying a 25 percent income tax , your tax liability is $ 100 instead of $ 250 .
You may choose to allow your accountant to handle all of the tax work , but a basic knowledge of deductions helps you make informed purchasing decisions .
Your accountant will not hold your hand through every purchase , and it ’s a good idea to understand why courtside Lakers tickets are not ordinary and necessary , but a nice meal with a client or partner could be .
A great book for learning about deductions is Deduct It , but if you ’re looking to take the cheap road , the IRS has provided an exciting 58 - page PDF on deductions .
Legal
You ’re inevitably going to have some standard legal questions when starting a business .
Will I need a lawyer ?
What type of contract should I use ?
Is a copyright necessary ?
Hopefully , the following sections will help out with basic legal worries .
Lawyers - Lawyers and accountants are similar to web designers in some aspects .
They may use all the right catch phrases , but some just suck .
Just like with an accountant , find a lawyer who understands your business and has some relevant experience with similar companies .
Take time to meet a lawyer in person and try to build a working relationship .
While not essential , a lawyer can help you create a corporation or review documents used to create your company .
You could do this all on your own , but someone more knowledgeable on the subject provides peace of mind .
Besides , if you ever get into real legal trouble , a knowledgeable lawyer is a good contact to have .
Copyright - A copyright helps to legally protect your works .
Your code or illustration is actually automatically copyrighted upon creation , but obtaining an official copyright can save you a lot of trouble .
For more information on obtaining a copyright , check out the Copyright homepage , copyright registration for computer programs , and copyright registration for online works .
Contracts and Letters of Agreement - Before performing any client work , you ’re going to want a contract or a letter of agreement detailing the work to be provided , project timeframe , payment information , and all of the other legal stuff .
A contract or letter of agreement is standard business practice and helps to remind you what services must be performed just as much as it helps the client understand what they are paying for .
A few resources on contracts and letters of agreement can be found below .
Although you can find many contract forms and user agreements on the web , it is recommended you have a lawyer double check it ( at their hourly rate , of course ) .
Invoices - Billing clients is a fairly painless process .
Actually getting them to pay might not always be so easy .
Blinksale is free for starters , and is an excellent way to send invoices online .
Help
If you ’re ever in doubt , remember there is help available to your small business .
In case you missed the link in the tax section , the IRS has a phone line ready to help with your tax calls and online classes detailing tax basics .
The Small Business Administration is another fantastic resource providing a number of courses aimed at helping your small business succeed .
Finally , SCORE is another completely free business resource compromised of thousands of business owners and former business owners dedicated to helping people like you start out .
When you run into a problem , SCORE provides a learning center and also allows you to submit a question to be answered within 48 hours .
General Advice
We like roundups at Particletree , so here ’s a Getting Started Roundup .
Most of you in the circle will probably have already read all of these articles , but they ’re always a great set of perspectives on what other people have gone through starting a business in web development .
There are a lot of ways to start a business and a lot of different ways to run one .
We recommend understanding as many styles as you can before deciding on the methods that will best fit you and your goals .
[ Updated : 9 - Sep 1550 ET –
The scope of this update appears to be very widespread – this list is growing !
Also , all the data is now in Google Earth as well !
Also , new version of Google Earth 4 Beta is out . ]
[ Updated : 13 - Sep 1500 ET – Also , see details on the new Updated Google Earth Layers ]
Just discovered that there has been an update to aerial and satellite photos in Google Maps .
So far , I have determined there is new photography for many areas in California and Texas ( Now also areas found in NH , CT , NC , GA , NY , FL , WA , OR , entire state of Montana , Coastline of Maine , the Netherlands , Belgium , Japan , Norway , New Zealand , Canada ) .
I ’m still researching areas that have been affected .
Please leave me a comment to this blog entry if you find other locations and I will update them here .
So far , the new data has not been migrated to the Google Earth database .
So , you can use GE as a comparison tool to determine what has been updated .
I expect the Google Earth database will be updated in a few days .
( See also GoogleMapsMania follow - up on this story ) .
Summary of updated data now available in high resolution :
Most of California is now in high res .
All of California appears to be high res actually .
Thanks to GEB reader Jason .
“ Kerman , Ca ” Coastal San Diego – thanks to Digg commenter i440 Many updates in Texas , but still some remote areas not covered .
A lot of east Texas is now high resolution .
Example : “ San Augustine , Tx ” Follow along I - 10 in West Texas …lots of new areas there .
is now in high res .
appears to be high res actually .
Thanks to GEB reader Jason .
Areas in North Carolina : Wilmington , NC – new data noticeable along the beach Charlotte , NC
: Looks like the entire state of Connecticut is in high res now : Hartford , CT Waterbury , CT Southbury , CT
Big areas in southeast New Hampshire including : Keene , NH Nashua , NH
: Florida – Some reports north and east of Orlando , I can confirm along the coast near Daytona as well .
Now also up along to St. Augustine .
Another report of NW FL .
Lots of areas for Florida .
– Some reports north and east of Orlando , I can confirm along the coast near Daytona as well .
Now also up along to St. Augustine .
Another report of NW FL . .
The rest of the Netherlands now in high res ( thanks to GEB readers : Daan and Alex ) – Except some military bases are now “ speckled ” so you ca n’t see them .
( thanks to GEB readers : Daan and Alex ) – Except some military bases are now “ speckled ” so you ca n’t see them .
Georgia – ( thanks to GEB reader Mickey ) – Looks to me like the entire state has some form of high - res photos now
– ( thanks to GEB reader Mickey ) – Looks to me like the entire state has some form of high - res photos now The coastline of Maine all new high resolution areas all along the coast from the southeastern tip to Bangor , Maine – ( thanks to GEB reader joe ) Banghor , Maine Belfast , Maine
all new high resolution areas all along the coast from the southeastern tip to Bangor , Maine – ( thanks to GEB reader joe ) Looks like the ENTIRE state of Montana – ( Thanks to GEB reader etlund ) Glacial National Park – very nice scenery .
I ca n’t wait to see this in GE !
Big areas in Belgium have been added or updated : – ( thanks to GEB reader Maarten ) New data for in and around Antwerp , Belgium Updated data for Brussels , Belgium
– ( thanks to GEB reader Maarten )
One report so far for Japan : ( thanks to GEB reader : Ataka ) Takamatsu , Japan – new high - res of this metropolitan area Also Nara , Chofu , machida – thanks to GEB reader akanemaru
: ( thanks to GEB reader : Ataka ) Norway now has Bergen , Norway and the area surrounding – ( thanks to GEB reader Szabolcs )
– ( thanks to GEB reader Szabolcs ) Auckland , New Zealand area has new improved photos – ( thanks to GEB reader Rob ) – Note : other areas in NZ being reported including Wellington , and Whakatane
– ( thanks to GEB reader Rob ) – Note : other areas in NZ being reported including Wellington , and Whakatane Report of a new high res photo for Sarnia , Ontario , Canada – Thanks to reader BvO
– Thanks to reader BvO Unconfirmed reports for Memphis , TN ; Aspen , CO .
Several reports for Hudson Valley area of New York
Washington State – County of Clark in SW WA updated – thanks to GEB reader Jesse
– County of Clark in SW WA updated – thanks to GEB reader Jesse Oregon – Same update from WA also includes Portland , OR
– Same update from WA also includes Portland , OR Thailand – One report of some changes in Bangkok including an older photo of one area – thanks to GEB reader Steve
Press “ Hoard dramatically improves program performance through its more efficient use of memory … and low synchronization costs . ”
Lin & Snyder - Principles of Parallel Programming ( Addison - Wesley ) “ …use Emery Berger ’s excellent Hoard multiprocessor memory management code … it is very fast on multiprocessor machines . ”
John Robbins - Debugging Applications for Microsoft .NET & Microsoft Windows ( Microsoft Press )
“ To improve memory management performance ( with multiple threads ) , consider an open source alternative such as Hoard … ” Johnson Hart - Windows System Programming ( Addison - Wesley ) “… Hoard is especially efficient in multiprocessor environments . ”
William von Hagen - The Definitive Guide to GCC
By Mark Ward
Technology correspondent , BBC News website
Mr Mitchell had no plans to use Windows XP on his new laptop
Freelance programmer Dave Mitchell ordered a Dell laptop on 21 October , and the machine was delivered a few days later .
As Mr Mitchell was planning to run the Linux open source operating system on the machine , he had no need for the copy of Windows XP Home that had been pre-installed .
When he started it for the first time , he clicked the box that said " no " on the Windows licence agreement that asked him to agree to its terms .
The text of this agreement states users can get a refund for the " unused products " on their new computer if they get in touch with the machine 's manufacturer .
Cash back
Mr Mitchell , who is an active member of the open source community , said he knew that other Linux fans had tried to get refunds in a similar fashion with varying degrees of success .
The origins of this campaign date from 1999 when open source activists in the San Francisco area started campaigning to get refunds for software they had no intention of using .
I was pretty gob - smacked that it was so easy
Dave Mitchell
To bolster his case , Mr Mitchell shot photographs of every stage of the process that ended with him declining Microsoft 's licence terms .
" I had a clear record of what the licence did or did not say , " he said .
" I fully intended to take it as far as the small claims court , " he said , " just to be bloody - minded . "
He then wrote a letter , outlining what he had done , to Dell 's Bracknell office and waited for a response .
In the letter he did not mention his digital document of the process with photographs .
Dell only offers Windows software on its laptops
However , two days later , Dell rang him and told him to expect a refund to his credit card soon after .
" They only took two days to respond , " he said .
" I was pretty gob - smacked that it was so easy . "
The total refund was for £ 55.23 , which Mr Mitchell took to be the value of a pre-installed version of Windows XP Home .
A couple of days after the refund was agreed , an invoice from Dell arrived through the post , which described the refund as " goodwill unspecified " .
Although Mr Mitchell has now waived the right to use the copy of Windows XP Home on his laptop , Dell has not asked for the installation disc to be returned .
" I 've cost Dell £ 50 , not Microsoft , which is a slightly annoying , " said Mr Mitchell .
He encouraged other people to try to get a refund and wondered if Dell 's policy on which operating systems it offered on laptops would change if enough people tried .
Children as young as five to seven years of age prefer lucky individuals over the less fortunate , according to new research by psychologists at Harvard University and Stanford University .
This phenomenon , the researchers say , could clarify the origins of human attitudes toward differing social groups and help explain the persistence of social inequality .
The work , by Kristina R. Olson and colleagues , is published in the latest issue of the journal Psychological Science .
" The hand of fate touches us all : Hurricanes strike some houses and spare others , lotteries are won and lost , and children are born into wealthy and poor families , " says Olson , a Harvard graduate student in psychology .
" We set out to study how children make sense of random events , such as Hurricane Katrina , and how they feel about the people affected by such random events .
Understanding how children think about others who experience luck or misfortune can provide a window into the origins of attitudes and preferences toward social groups that vary in privilege . "
Olson and her colleagues tested 32 children 's preferences among advantaged versus disadvantaged individuals .
Their study also differentiated between events that occurred by chance and those that followed some intentional act .
Thus , the youngsters were asked to evaluate actors in four types of scenarios : intentional and positive ( such as a child who helped the teacher ) , intentional and negative ( such as a child who lied to his or her mother ) , uncontrollable and positive ( such as a child who found $ 5 on the sidewalk ) , or uncontrollable and negative ( such as a child whose soccer game got rained out ) .
The children responded to 10 scenarios , rating how much they liked the child in each on a scale of 1 to 6 .
Not surprisingly , children showed a preference for intentional good actors ( average score = 5.2 ) over intentional bad actors ( average score = 1.7 ) .
But they also showed a striking preference for beneficiaries of uncontrollable good events ( average score = 4.8 ) over victims of uncontrollable bad events ( average score = 3.2 ) .
The children distinguished between intentional and uncontrollable events , showing a preference for uncontrollable bad actors over intentional bad actors , but only a marginal preference for intentional good actors over uncontrollable good actors .
" If the children were equally disposed toward the lucky and the unlucky , you would expect equivalent opinions of individuals affected by both positive and negative random events , " Olson notes .
" The discrepancy in opinions of the beneficiaries of good luck versus the victims of bad luck indicates that children prefer fortunate individuals over unfortunate individuals . "
A second experiment by Olson and colleagues investigated whether this preference for the lucky spreads to new members of a group .
Forty - three children were introduced to two five - member groups distinguished only by their shirt color and location on a computer screen .
Three members of one group were described as beneficiaries of uncontrollable positive events , whereas three members of the other group were described as the victims of uncontrollable negative events .
Subjects were then introduced to a new member of each group and were asked which they liked more .
The children were more likely to prefer new individuals who belonged to the mostly lucky group , despite the fact that they had no knowledge of the new member other than an arbitrary group affiliation based on shirt color .
" Our experiments show the difficulties that confront youngsters as they make judgments of those touched by luck or misfortune , " Olson says .
" Young children express stronger liking for the beneficiaries of good luck compared to the victims of bad lack and generalize this preference to those who share membership in a group .
Because the disadvantaged are more likely to experience negative events beyond their control -- such as the tendency for the poor to be most impacted by natural disasters -- this innocuous preference for the privileged may eventually grow more harmful , further increasing negativity toward the disadvantaged .
Such preferences may , in turn , help explain the persistence of social inequality . "
Olson 's co-authors on the Psychological Science paper are Mahzarin R. Banaji and Elizabeth S. Spelke of Harvard 's Department of Psychology and Carol S. Dweck of Stanford .
Their work was funded by the National Institutes of Health , the National Science Foundation , the Beinecke Scholarship at Harvard , and Third Millennium Foundation .
Get my monthly reading recommendations plus new blog posts hot off the press !
I loathe spam as much as you do .
Your emails will be safe with me .
The proliferation of modern programming languages ( all of which seem to have stolen countless features from one another ) sometimes makes it difficult to remember what language you ’re currently using .
This guide is offered as a public service to help programmers who find themselves in such dilemmas .
This article is translated to Web Geeks .
C
You shoot yourself in the foot .
C++
You accidentally create a dozen clones of yourself and shoot them all in the foot .
Providing emergency medical assistance is impossible since you can’t tell which are bitwise copies and which are just pointing at others and saying , “ That ’s me , over there . ”
JAVA
After importing java.awt.right.foot .* and java.awt.gun.right.hand.* , and writing the classes and methods of those classes needed , you ’ve forgotten what the hell you ’re doing .
Ruby
Your foot is ready to be shot in roughly five minutes , but you just ca n’t find anywhere to shoot it .
PHP
You shoot yourself in the foot with a gun made with pieces from 300 other guns .
ASP.NET
Find a gun , it falls apart .
Put it back together , it falls apart again .
You try using the .GUN Framework , it falls apart .
You stab yourself in the foot instead .
SQL
SELECT @ammo: =bullet FROM gun WHERE trigger = ‘ PULLED ’;
INSERT INTO leg ( foot ) VALUES ( @ammo ) ;
Perl
You shoot yourself in the foot , but nobody can understand how you did it .
Six months later , neither can you .
( via Andy )
Javascript
YOu ’ve perfected a robust , rich user experience for shooting yourself in the foot .
You then find that bullets are disabled on your gun .
CSS
You shoot your right foot with one hand , then switch hands to shoot your left foot but you realize that the gun has turned into a banana .
FORTRAN
You shoot yourself in each toe , iteratively , until you run out of toes , then you read in the next foot and repeat .
If you run out of bullets , you continue anyway because you have no exception - handling ability .
Modula2
After realizing that you can’t actually accomplish anything in this language , you shoot yourself in the head .
COBOL
Using a COLT 45 HANDGUN , AIM gun at LEG .
FOOT , THEN place ARM .
HAND .FINGER . on HANDGUN .
TRIGGER and SQUEEZE .
THEN return HANDGUN to HOLSTER .
CHECK whether shoelace needs to be retied .
LISP
You shoot yourself in the appendage which holds the gun with which
you shoot yourself in the appendage which holds the gun with which
you shoot yourself in the appendage which holds the gun with which
you shoot yourself in the appendage which holds the gun with which
you shoot yourself in the appendage which holds ….
BASIC
Shoot yourself in the foot with a water pistol .
On big systems , continue until entire lower body is waterlogged .
FORTH
Foot in yourself shoot .
APL
You shoot yourself in the foot , then spend all day figuring out how to do it in fewer characters .
Pascal
The compiler wo n’t let you shoot yourself in the foot .
SNOBOL
If you succeed , shoot yourself in the left foot .
If you fail , shoot yourself in the right foot .
Concurrent Euclid
You shoot yourself in somebody else ’s foot .
HyperTalk
Put the first bullet of the gun into the foot of the left leg of you .
Answer the result .
Motif
You spend days writing a UIL description of your foot , the trajectory , the bullet , and the intricate scrollwork on the ivory handles of the gun .
When you finally get around to pulling the trigger , the gun jams .
Unix
% ls
foot .c foot.h foot .o toe .c toe.o
% rm * .o
rm : .o : No such file or directory
% ls
%
Paradox
Not only can you shoot yourself in the foot , your users can too .
Revelation
You ’ll be able to shoot yourself in the foot just as soon as you figure out what all these bullets are for .
Visual Basic
You ’ll shoot yourself in the foot , but you ’ll have so much fun doing it that you wo n’t care .
Prolog
You tell your program you want to be shot in the foot .
The program figures out how to do it , but the syntax does n’t allow it to explain .
Ada
After correctly packaging your foot , you attempt to concurrently load the gun , pull the trigger , scream and shoot yourself in the foot .
When you try , however , you discover that your foot is of the wrong type .
Assembly
You try to shoot yourself in the foot only to discover you must first reinvent the gun , the bullet , and your foot .
After that ’s done , you pull the trigger , the gun beeps several times , then crashes .
370 JCL
You send your foot down to MIS with a 4000 - page document explaining how you want it to be shot .
Three years later , your foot comes back deep - fried .
Python
You try to shoot yourself in the foot but you just keep hitting the whitespace between your toes .
( via Marco Azaro )
Disclaimer : I did n’t write the original article , though I ’ve added to it .
I have had the funnier definitions above listed in a text file for several years , and I decided to add my own one day .
連載
. NET ＆Windows Vistaへ広が るDirectXの世界 第 1 回 DirectXの真実 NyaRuRu
2006/06/21 Page1 Page2 Page3
Windows Vistaの発売（2007年1月発売予定）が近づいてくるに伴い、同OSの新しいグラフィックス環境について一般利用者向けの記事もいくつか散見されるようになった。
それらの記事でたびたび目に付くのが、「 Windows Vistaの描画は 、DirectXをベースとしているので高速になる」という説明だ。確かにこの説明は、宣伝文句としてはインパクトがあるかもしれない。だが、もしあなたが開発者であれば、このような説明に納得すべきではない。DirectXは決して「定義上高速」なのではなく、特定のシナリオで性能を発揮するようにデザインされたライブラリにすぎないからだ。
この事実は、ゲーム開発者にはよく知られた話であるが、一般的なWindowsアプリケーションの開発者などにはあまり知られているとはいえない。実際にWindowsアプリケーション開発者の間で、DirectXに対する過剰な期待や楽観的な思い込みがしばしば見受けられるのが現状だ。
そこで本連載では、このように誤解の多い次世代のDirectXの真実を、Windowsアプリケーション開発者をターゲットに解説する。今回は3D描画APIとしてのDirectXの説明が中心となるが、本連載では次世代Windowsシステム上で動作するアプリケーションを構築するうえでぜひ知っておきたい「DirectXの世界」を紹介していく予定だ。また、C#やVBを使った具体的なDirectXプログラミングなどについても次回以降で解説していくつもりだ。
1. DirectXとは？
DirectXを知る前に、まずはこれまでのWindowsグラフィックスの歴史を簡単に振り返っておくことにしよう。
■ Windowsグラフィックスの歴史
Windows OSの登場により 、PCで一般的に利用されるOSは文字ベースのMS-DOSからグラフィカルなユーザー・インターフェイスを持つWindowsへ転換し、PCのグラフィックス環境は大きく変化した。これに伴い、画面の高解像度化や発色数の向上といった進化、ベクトル・フォントの使用などの先進機能がWindows OSに備わったわけだが、これは同時にハードウェア（特にビデオ・カード）性能への要求までも高めてしまった。
この当時は、ビデオ・カードの描画性能がPC使用時の快適さに直結していた時代である。まさに「快適にPCを使うため」という理由で、人々はビデオ・カード性能に大きな関心を寄せた。市場もそれに呼応して、「グラフィックス・アクセラレータ・カード」と呼ばれる製品が各社から発売され、描画性能や画質面で激しい競争が行われた。また単にハードウェアの性能だけでなく、ドライバの性能によっても描画性能が大きく異なり得るということが知られるようになると、ドライバ開発力が高いとされたメーカーに人気が集まるという現象も見られた。
一般的 なWindowsアプリケーションについて見ると、Windowsの描画機能はGDI（Graphic Device Interface）と呼ばれる汎用的なAPI群を介して提供される。そして、このような形態が16 bits Windows時代から現在まで続いている。GDIはその後も幾度かAPIの追加や内部実装の改良が行われたものの、その基本設計は大きく変更されることなく10年以上の長きにわたりWindowsのデスクトップ描画を支えてきた。
一方、一般的 なPCでの利用OSがほぼWindows一色となってくると、PCゲームのプラットフォームとしての役割もWindowsに求められるようになってきた。まずWindows 3.1時代にWinGという描画APIが登場する。これはメモリ上に構築した画像データを効率よく画面に表示するための仕組みで、あまり広くは普及しなかったものの、Windows 95以降のCreateDIBSection API *1 などにその思想は受け継がれた。
*1 DIB （Device Independent Bitmap）を作成するためのAPI。DIBとはデバイスに依存しないフォーマットのビットマップ画像データのことで、Windowsのビットマップ描画処理ではこのDIBが標準的に利用されている。
そし て1995 年 、Windows 95 用 にWindows Game SDKとして登場したのが、後にい うDirectX 1であった。
DirectX 1に含まれ るDirectDrawは、ゲームを強く意識した機能を持つAPIセットだ。DirectDrawはMS-DOSベースのゲーム開発者をWindowsの世界に引き込むべく、GDIをバイパスしたハードウェアによる画像の矩形転送やパレット管理、フルスクリーン・モードによるモニタへの直接出力やモニタの垂直回帰中に完了する高速な画面切り替えをハードウェア非依存という形で再構築したものといえる。
従来のAPIと異なり、DirectXにはCOM
（Component Object Model）の思想に基づいたバージョン管理が行われるという特徴がある。このことが後の頻繁なDirectXのAPIセットの更新を可能にした最大の要因といえるだろう。
そして 翌1996 年に はDirectX 2が登場する。これには、3D描画をサポートするDirect3Dと、3次元空間上のオブジェクト操作のためのフレームワークに相当するDirect3DRMが含まれていた。
その後、時代はコンシューマ・ゲーム機を巻き込んだ3Dゲーム・ブームに突入し、PC環境もこれに合わせて新しいバージョンのDirectXと新しいビデオ・カードが毎年のように登場した。それに伴いDirectXの主役もDirectDrawからDirect3Dに移っていく。2000年に登場したDirectX 8に搭載されたDirectX Graphicsは、「 DirectDraw とDirect3Dの統合」といううたい文句とは裏腹に、3D描画APIによる描画機能を再構築したものであり、これは事実上DirectDrawの終わりを意味した。
また当 初Windows 9xのみであったDirectXのサポートだが 、Windows NT 4.0 か ら はWindows NT系でもサポートが始まった 。Windows NT 4.0でGDI
*2 とUSER *3 の実装の多くが（ユーザー・モードから）カーネル・モードに移されたことには賛否両論あったが、DirectXのサポートを考えるとやはり必要な決断であったといえるかもしれない。
* 2 Windowsの描画機能を提供するAPI群は、GDI関連の.DLLファイルに実装されている。
* 3 ウィンドウやボタンなどのユーザー・インターフェイス機能を提供するAPI群は、USER関連の.DLLファイルに実装されている。
そし てWindows 2000 以降、デスクトップ描画にも半透明効果が用いられるようになってくると、GDIの設計の古さは大きな問題となってきた。マイクロソフトはWindows 2000 でGDIにアルファ・ブレンド描画を含むいくつかのAPIを追加し、レイヤ・ウィンドウと呼ばれる透過ウィンドウの仕組みをデスクトップ・ウィンドウ・マネージャに追加した。しかし近年になって3Dハードウェアに搭載された機能の多くは、はるか以前に設計されたGDIとは設計思想から異なるものであったため、GDIの機能を大幅に拡張することはできなかったのだ。
また同時期にGDI+と呼ばれる新しい描画ライブラリも公開されたが、当初提供されるといわれていたGDI+向けハードウェア・アクセラレーションはいまだに登場しておらず、依然としてGDI+はGDIをラップするソフトウェア・レンダラにとどまっている。
. NET Frameworkは描画ライブラリとしてGDI+のマネージ・ラッパーを標準に選んだため、Win32ウィンドウのラッパーである.NETのWindowsフォームもGDI+に強く依存することとなった。
このよう なWindowsグラフィックスの状況は、Windows Vistaの登場により大きく状況が変化するだろう。VistaではDirectX 9レベルのハードウェア・アクセラレーションを活用した2つの新技術が投入される。
1つは 、Windows Vistaに標準搭載される.NET
Framework 3.0であり、これに含まれる「 Windows Presentation Foundations 」（以下WPF）がDirectXアクセラレーションを利用する。WPFは従来のWin32ウィンドウ・システムをトップレベル・ウィンドウにのみ使用し、それ以下の描画要素についてのメッセージングや描画処理はすべて自前で処理を行うプロセス・レベルのウィンドウ・システムであるが、この描画処理が「Media Integration Layer」（以下MIL）と呼ばれるアンマネージ・レイヤーを通してDirectX 9 API呼び出しに変換されている。また.NET
Framework 3.0 はWindows XP SP2へのバック・ポートが表明されており、現在公開されているWindows XP向けのベータ版では、すでにDirectX 9を使用した描画が実現されている。Windows Vista環境 とWindows XP環境の違いとしては、Vistaに搭載されるDirectX 9.Lと呼ばれるDirectX 9の拡張版の存在があり、ClearType描画に特化したハードウェア・アクセラレーションや、プロセス間でのリソース共有による省メモリ効果は、Windows Vista Display Driver Model（以下WDDM、以前 はLonghorn Display Driver ModelまたはLDDMと呼ばれていた）に対応した3Dハードウェアを搭載するWindows Vista環境でのみ実現されるものと予想される。
も う1つ のVistaの新技術 は「 Desktop Window Manager」（以下DWM）で、GDIを利用した従来のアプリケーション描画をオフ・スクリーン画面にリダイレクトし、デスクトップ上のウィンドウ合成にDirectX技術を使用するというものだ
* 4 。実際にはこのDWMの描画処理も前述のMILを通じて実現されている。また、Windows
Aero * 5 の特徴でもあるガラス風のビジュアル・エフェクトもDWMによって実現されており、Win32 APIに新しく追加されるDWM
API によって制御される。MILをWPF の一部と見る立場では「 DWM はWPF （の下位レイヤーであるMIL）を使用する」と表現されることがあるが、この場合.NET
Frameworkで実装されたWPFのマネージ・ライブラリ層をDWMは必要としていないことに注意が必要である。
Windows Vistaでは、このように、クライアント領域の新しい描画モデルとしてのWPFと、従来のアプリケーションにも適応可能な新しいウィンドウ合成を可能にするDWMという2つの技術によってDirectX 9によるハードウェア・アクセラレーションの適用範囲が広がることとなる。さらにWDDMに対応した最近のハードウェアでは、MILを通じて自動的にDirectX 9.Lによるアクセラレーションが活用されるのだ。
■ DirectXを使う理由、必要な場面
WindowsゲームのほとんどがDirectXを使用していることからも分かるように、ハイパフォーマンスを要求されるマルチメディア・アプリケーションにはDirectXが向いている。これらのアプリケーションではハードウェアの性能を効率よく引き出すことが必要だからだ。
このような視点で見ると 、DirectXはライブラリ内でのパフォーマンス・ロスが極力生まれないよう、ハードウェアの薄いラッパーとして設計されていることが分かる。最大限の最適化を望む場合は、Win32の描画APIよりもDirectXの方が優れた解となるだろう。なお最近では、ゲーム以外でのDirectXの利用も広がっており、実際GoogleのPicasa2やGoogle Earthなどの例を挙げることができる。
またWin32 APIがOS のライフサイクルで変化していくAPIセットであるのに対し、DirectXはハードウェアの世代と同期したAPIセットであるといえる。先ほども述べたが、DirectXはCOMを用いたことで、旧バージョンのAPIセットを残したまま新しいAPIセットを提供できた。通常、新しいDirectXは最新のWindows OSだけでなくこれまでにリリースされた大半にインストールが可能であり、実際この意味ではOSごとに機能が細かく異なるWin32 APIに比べ、DirectXを用いた方がOS間の差異が少ないとさえいえる。
ゲーム開発では、しばし ばDirectX上に適切なフレームワークを構築し、ゲーム本体はフレームワークに依存する3階層アーキテクチャがよく用いられる。フレームワーク層でDirectXとハードウェアの可変性を吸収することで、ハードウェアの効率的な利用とプログラム資産の再利用性の間のバランスを取るわけである。
ある特定ハードウェアを駆使するアプリケーションを長期間リリースし続ける場面では、ハードウェアの進化という可変性は必ずどこかで受け止めなければならない。その意味でフレームワークのサブシステムとしてDirectXを選択するメリットは大きいだろう。
Al - Majid - ' Chemical Ali ' - is awaiting trial in Baghdad on charges of crimes against humanity , but his prosecution can hardly be said to represent a triumph of the international community 's determination to make a stand against genocide when we are told every morning on the Today programme that the war that overthrew al - Majid 's regime was ' illegal ' precisely because it did n't have the support of the United Nations .
If you want to play judges and lawyers , the assertion that the lawful course was to leave Saddam in power seems grimly comic .
Article I of the United Nations 's 1951 Genocide Convention unequivocally states that ' contracting parties confirm that genocide , whether committed in time of peace or war , is a crime under international law which they undertake to prevent and punish . '
What could be clearer ?
Admittedly , the major powers did not sign the convention straight away ; the United States waited until 1988 , when the poison gas campaign in Kurdistan was at its height , but since then , genocide has become a crime the whole world condemned .
Yet here 's the rub .
Since Kurdistan , genocide has increased .
There have been campaigns of terror that were either full attempts at ethnic extermination or near enough as to make no difference in the former Yugoslavia from 1991 to 1995 , Rwanda in 1994 and Darfur from 2002 to the present day .
In all cases , the United Nations has promised to uphold the highest principles of international law and then committed sins of omission which were so grievous it has been close to being an accessory to mass murder .
The result is that any totalitarian regime or movement committing crimes against humanity knows it can get away with treating the UN with a derision that matches Chemical Ali's .
On Thursday , a spokesman for the Sudanese government , whose militias have murdered about 400,000 in Darfur and driven two million from their homes , sounded like a psychopathic gangster when he announced that Jan Pronk , the UN 's special envoy , was ' history ' .
He explained that his government had expelled Pronk and would not allow him to return because he had been ' abusive ' about human rights abuses .
The news of a direct attack on the authority of the United Nations produced no expressions of outrage .
And although I think history will see the unwillingness to stop or even think about the genocide in Darfur as the great moral failure of our generation , I suppose that the indifference to the censoring and smearing of the UN 's envoy is understandable .
The genocide in Darfur has not been marked by a single dramatic event to focus the attention of the world on the Sudan , just a steady slaughter .
What may be less comprehensible to the uninitiated has been the reaction of the UN .
Far from thumping the table and ordering the Sudanese ambassador to pack his bags and leave New York , the UN has been all soothing words .
Even though it could no longer monitor a crime it professed to abhor , even though its representative had been stopped from doing his job , the UN 's spokesman murmured : ' We need to take things one step at a time ' , then moved on to new business .
Complicity With Evil , Adam LeBor 's riveting , if depressing , account of the UN 's failure to act on the knowledge that mass murder is taking place , puts the spokesman 's insouciance into a dismal context .
The UN , particularly under the disastrous leadership of Kofi Annan , has three abiding faults that explain why it makes no attempt to live up to the high principles of its universal declarations of human rights .
1 . It is a club without membership restrictions
Genocidal states are n't suspended from the UN or expelled .
While they perpetrate crimes beyond the human imagination , their ambassadors remain honoured figures at the UN headquarters in Manhattan .
Thus in 2004 , the block votes of Arab and African dictatorships secured Sudan a place on the UN Commission on Human Rights , alongside the vile tyrannies of Libya and Zimbabwe .
The fact that Sudan 's militias were engaged in systematic murder , rape and looting did it no harm whatsoever and may well have boosted its electoral appeal .
2 . It turns neutrality into a vice
Because no state is ever placed beyond the pale , the UN is ' reluctant to distinguish aggressor from victim ' in the words of a highly critical internal inquiry into the role of its peacekeepers in the ethnic cleansing of Bosnia .
Yasushi Akashi , the UN 's special envoy in Bosnia , was as determined as Douglas Hurd and Boris Yeltsin not to offend Slobodan Milosevic .
When British general Rupert Smith ordered the air strikes which finally lifted the siege of Sarajevo , he did n't bother to tell the UN , which would certainly have opposed them .
3 . No one is held to account
Akashi was promoted after Bosnia and placed in charge of humanitarian affairs .
Kofi Annan , who was not only in charge of the UN's peacekeeping operations during the Bosnian debacle but personally intervened to stop pre-emptive action to prevent the Rwandan genocide , was rewarded with the secretary - generalship and , perhaps unsurprisingly , then presided over the lavish corruption of the oil - for - food scandal which allowed Saddam to bribe supporters around the world .
Annan will be gone soon , but unless his successor can tackle the moral corruption of a potentially noble institution , then the UN should be honest with itself and world opinion and take Chemical Ali 's words as its motto .
' Who is going to say anything ?
The international community ?
Fuck them !'
Did you know that laughter is good for you ?
Numerous studies document the social and health benefits of laughter that ... read more →
Get Rich Slowly recently had a reader pose the following question :
“ While I try my best to “ get rich slowly ” I have one huge issue : a husband .
My husband likes to spend money .
I ’m referred to as the “ Thrifty One Who Wo n’t Allow Me To Buy Stuff ” and he ’s referred to as “ That Jerk Who Buys Stuff ” .
Do you have any advice for couples that need to have the other half put on a strict budget without making them feel like a child ? ”
I posted a comment at Get Rich Slowly in response , but I thought this excellent question deserved a more thorough answer , so here goes .
In my experience , there are 3 keys to making your personal finances work as a couple :
If you do n’t already have an established method of managing finances , decide together to try an established , published system .
Agree to stick to it exactly , unless you both decide to deviate .
Make the “ personal ” budget category a high - priority and fund it as generously as you can .
Do n’t discuss finances for more than 30 minutes at a time or past 10:00 at night .
If you do n’t get through all the issues , meet again tomorrow .
1 . If you do n’t already have an established method of managing finances , decide together to try an established , published system .
Agree to stick to it exactly , unless you both decide to deviate .
My wife and I have always lived within our means and have never had debt problems .
However , we never saw eye - to - eye on the specifics of how to manage finances .
I always felt like we were doing great ; we were living within our means and saving 10 % of our income for retirement .
I figured we could spend the rest however we wanted .
My wife always felt like the rest of our money was just wasting away on things that were useless .
Even though we were doing better than a large portion of the population , she continued to experience significant anxiety and discontentment .
We both had read several personal finance books and tried to persuade the other to adopt the principles , but to no avail .
I realize now that in many cases we were n’t rejecting the ideas , we were rejecting the messenger ( the spouse ) .
Finally , after 10 years of marriage we faced a series of emergencies that forced us to either move from our home and dramatically reduce our standard of living or get a tight grip on our financial management .
We figured we could barely make it through if we carefully managed every dollar .
In our desperation , we decided to attend Dave Ramsey ’s Financial Peace University , a 3 - month , weekly course in managing personal finances .
Knowing that one of us had always rejected financial ideas proposed by the other , we agreed that we would follow the program to the letter , even though we did n’t know what it would consist of .
If we BOTH disagreed ( which we did at points ) with the program , then we could alter it .
But if only one of us disagreed , we would have to follow the program as the default .
This was one of the BEST decisions we ’ve ever made in our personal finances .
It allowed us to stop fighting each other .
By having a completely objective third party telling us what to do , it was easier to accept the concepts .
If we both felt there was a better way of doing things , we were n’t tied to Dave Ramsey ’s system and could discuss how to alter it to better fit our needs .
In short , it factored out personal grudges and judgments .
We were left to judge the actual content and not the content - delivery system .
If you ’ve always had a hard time agreeing upon a system , TRY THIS OUT !
Do n’t get stuck on a particular method .
If you ’re convinced a certain system will work and your spouse is not , find a different system you can both agree to try .
Otherwise , your spouse will be resisting you rather than the content .
It ’s way more important to just get on the same page .
Most main - stream systems for managing finances are theoretically sound .
If you first get a system established , then you ’ll at least have a base system from which you can discuss deviations .
2 . Make the “ personal ” budget category a high - priority and fund it as generously as you can .
The “ personal ” budget category is a key to helping a budget work .
Having personal money that you , and only you control makes budgeting as a couple tolerable .
It ’s easy to imagine why couples are financially miserable when they have to negotiate every single purchase with their spouse .
My “ personal ” funds are what I really care about the most .
I do n’t really care that much about groceries or household items or hair cuts .
Sure , I care on a large scale – I do n’t want to spend so much that we ca n’t meet our other goals .
But I ’m not that emotionally tied to them , so I can discuss them with my wife non-emotionally .
On the other hand , if I had to negotiate every personal purchase – every book , CD , and soda – I ’m sure we ’d end up in endless arguments every month !
The fact is , many couples end up spending personal money anyway .
They just hide it or manipulate the system .
Why not explicitly budget “ personal ” funds and reap the benefits of knowing that money is yours .
Here are a few of guidelines for your “ personal ” budget category :
Separate checking accounts are ok for personal funds
It ’s important to have at least a small financial slice to call your own .
You can manage it however you want .
If you do n’t want to budget it , that ’s ok .
Waste it all if you want .
Or save it for that new electronic gadget .
While my wife and I keep separate checking accounts for our personal funds , we still have access to look at each others ’ accounts if we want .
But I do n’t think I ’ve looked once and do n’t really care how she spends her funds .
Be as generous as you can afford
My wife and I budget $ 100 each for personal funds .
Whenever I mention that to someone , they are always shocked the figure is so high .
Well , you can afford to do that when you do n’t have a car payment :-) .
Seriously , I give our personal fund a huge amount of credit for making our budget work and go smoothly .
$ 100 is more than enough to feed my book - buying addiction .
It ’s also substantial enough that I could fairly quickly save for large purchases of several hundred or even a thousand dollars .
There ’s almost nothing I could n’t afford over time , even that new HDTV I really want .
Personal funds can also act like a shock absorber , similar to the “ cushion ” budget category .
Sometimes I want to eat out with my co-workers more than I have money allocated for .
No problem , I just use personal funds .
Similarly , I often buy my boy a toy now and again with personal funds .
It ’s easier than waiting and negotiating it with my wife .
With such a generous personal fund I really do n’t feel a loss from $ 5 or $ 10 every now and again .
One last benefit that can be a huge plus in marriage ; having personal funds can make gift giving more meaningful .
Before we started budgeting personal funds , gifts seemed less meaningful because all our funds were pooled and negotiated .
Budget meetings were like , “ Hey hun , I want to buy you some roses this month , so let ’s budget $ 20 . ”
How romantic .
Now , when I give my wife spontaneous gifts , they are even more meaningful because I use my own money .
I ’m sacrificing my own interests for her sake .
Let the romance begin .
Obviously , not everyone will be able to afford $ 100 each for a personal fund .
We started out at $ 20 each and grew it from there as we could .
Do the best you can .
I recommend allocating at least $ 20 each for “ personal . ”
That ’s enough to buy one medium - size purchase like a book or CD a month .
You certainly need to be meeting your debt reduction and savings goals first , but your “ personal ” and “ cushion ” categories should be close behind in priority .
Keep it even
This one ’s easy .
You always allocate the same amount to each person .
I ’ve never found a good or fair way to do it otherwise .
This also goes for personal funds that we allocate from bonuses or other windfalls .
If we get an unexpected windfall and I want that new road bike for $ 600 , I should expect my wife to get $ 600 to spend how she wants as well .
You can discuss variations to this rule if you like , but it should be the baseline assumption .
3 . Do n’t discuss finances for more than 30 minutes at a time or past 10:00 at night .
If you do n’t get through all the issues , meet again tomorrow
Doing finances as a couple is hard enough .
Why complicate things by dragging a tired or distracted spouse through sometimes tedious and intense discussions .
I ’ve found that almost exactly after 30 minutes of discussing finances , I start to tire of the conversation .
Suddenly I become contradictory and hard to work with .
Similarly , after 10:00 , financial discussions should be prohibited .
We ’ve tried discussing finances after 10 , or even 11 pm and it was n’t a pretty sight .
I disagree with everything and am very grouchy .
Every time it ’s ended with contention and bad feelings .
These guidelines should be adjusted based on the personalities involved .
Maybe both partners have a nicer demeanor and higher tolerance for talking about finances than me .
Or maybe both are night owls .
Great , expand the limits .
On the other hand , you may need to shrink the allotted 30 minutes or move up the evening cut - off time if finances are a really tough issue .
Just try to meet for a minimum of 15 minutes or it will be hard to make progress .
If you ’re establishing a budget for the first time and have lots of issues to discuss , you may need to meet several nights in a row for 30 minutes to get through everything .
That ’s ok and should be expected .
At least you ’ll be able to do so in a civil manner .
Limiting the time spent discussing finances has a great benefit .
You become much more focused on the issue at hand .
Agendas for budget meetings are entirely appropriate and helpful .
A time limit will help you get clarity on exactly what needs to be addressed .
Rather than allowing yourselves to digress , you will stay on topic and have more efficient meetings .
This can also have the side effect of making things less emotional which is a VERY good thing when talking about finances .
Conclusion
It ’s no surprise money is the # 2 cause of divorce .
In our marriage , even when our financial situation has been good , it ’s still been one of our major issues .
Following these steps has helped us get to the point where finances are no longer a major issue .
For the first time in tens years , we see eye - to - eye .
Sure , we still have an occasional disagreement , but these steps have alleviated a huge amount of tension and stress in our relationship .
I hope they can in yours too .
Mr Straw says covering faces makes good community relations difficult
The Blackburn MP says the veil is a " visible statement of separation and of difference " and he asks women visiting his surgery to consider removing it .
The Islamic Human Rights Commission said the Commons leader 's request was selective discrimination .
But the Muslim Council of Britain said it understood Mr Straw 's discomfort .
Muslims make up about a quarter of the population of Blackburn , and Mr Straw said he had carefully considered his remarks .
HAVE YOUR SAY
In these tense times , people should show a little more sensitivity to the society in which they live
Beverley Logue , London
Send us your comments
Why Muslim women use veils
He wrote in the Lancashire Evening Telegraph that he feared " wearing the full veil was bound to make better , positive relations between the two communities more difficult " .
Asking women to consider showing the mouths and noses could lead to true " face - to - face " conversations with constituents , enabling him to " see what the other person means , and not just hear what they say " .
He said he made sure he had a female colleague in the room when asking someone to show their mouth and nose - and his constituents had so far always agreed to do so .
' Different views '
Later Mr Straw , who has defended the right for women to wear headscarves , asked BBC Radio Lancashire : " Would those people who do wear the veil think about the implications for community relations ? "
The remarks attracted an angry response from some organisations representing Muslims .
Find out about different styles of Muslim headscarf
In graphics
Halima Hussain , from civil liberties group the Muslim Public Affairs Committee , asked BBC News 24 : " Who is Jack Straw to comment on negative symbols within a religion that is not his own ? "
Rajnaara Akhtar , who chairs the organisation Protect - Hijab , suggested the " appalling " comments showed " a deep lack of understanding " .
Mr Straw was putting women " into a very awkward position by compromising the faith they believe in and that is ill - placed " , Council of Lancashire Mosques chairman Hamid Kureshi told BBC Radio Five Live .
Even within the Muslim community , the scholars have different views on this
Dr Daud Abdullah
Muslim Council of Britain
And a political rival - Liberal Democrat constitutional affairs spokesman Simon Hughes - questioned whether it was Mr Straw 's place to question the way that members of the public dressed .
" I do n't think it 's the job for somebody who represents the whole community to say to somebody who comes through the door , ' Do you mind if you dress differently in order to talk to me ? ' , " Mr Hughes said .
Oliver Letwin , the Conservatives ' policy chief , told the BBC's Question Time programme that if women wanted to wear a veil they should do so .
He described it as " dangerous " to suggest they should not be allowed to .
' Increased understanding '
Labour chairman Hazel Blears called for a debate among Muslim women on the issue , but said it was a constituency matter rather than one for the government .
" I do not think it 's right for government to lay down laws about what people should wear and what they should n't , " she said .
Jack Straw said he had carefully considered his remarks
" Jack was dealing with his constituency issues .
He has a very large Muslim population and he is very close to that community . "
Labour MP for Dewsbury Shahid Malik said Mr Straw was entitled to his views and called for increased understanding between Muslims and non-Muslims .
Dr Daud Abdullah of the Muslim Council of Britain said individual Muslim women could choose to remove part of their veil .
" Even within the Muslim community , the scholars have different views on this .
" Our view is that if it is going to cause discomfort and that can be avoided then it can be done . "
Dr Abdullah added , however , that covering hair remained " obligatory " for Muslim women .
Mr Straw was home secretary from 1997 to 2001 , and then foreign secretary until 2005 , a period which included the build - up to , and invasion of , Iraq .
Easy high speed reading / writing of structured binary files using C# Saturday , March 4 , 2006
Quite a bit has been written about reading structured binary data from or writing it to files ( see [ 1, 2,3 ] ) . [ 1 ] , for example , compares three different approaches .
Unfortunately none is as straightforward as C / C++ code would be .
Here´s how you could read the ID3 v1 tag from a MP3 file :
struct ID3v1Tag
{
char tag [ 3 ] ; // == " TAG "
char title [ 30 ] ;
...
} ;
ID3v1 Tag t;
FILE *f = fopen ( " mysong.mp3 " , " r " ) ;
fseek (f , - 128 , SEEK_END ) ;
fread ( &t , 1 , 128 , f ) ;
printf ( " %.30s
" , t.title ) ;
fclose(f ) ;
Now , if you wanted to accomplish the same with C# ... it would not look that easy anymore .
The reason : you cannot read data from a file ( stream ) directly into a struct .
A stream always requires a byte array as the target for read operations .
Or if you use a BinaryReader the ReadBytes ( ) method returns a byte array .
In any case the data read into a byte array needs to be copied into the target struct .
[ 1 ] uses Marshal .
PtrToStructure ( ) to do this , and [ 3 ] offers a much more elegant solution using an unsafe assignment like this :
[ StructLayout ( LayoutKind .
Sequential , Pack=1 ) ]
unsafe struct ID3v1Tag
{
...
public ID3v1 Tag ( byte[ ] data )
{
fixed ( byte* pData = data )
{
this =
*( ID3v1Tag* ) pData ;
}
}
}
Alternatively you could read data from an input stream in little chunks using a BinaryReader , which would mean you deserialize the data into each field by hand .
This avoids the extra copy of data , but requires much effort on your side .
You ´re trading performance for lines of code .
That ´s what can be said about reading ( and writing ) binary data using C# ( or managed code in general ) .
However , due to a customer engagement I recently started thinking about this .
The customer needs to port C++ code which interacts massively with binary files to C# .
The approaches found in the literature , though , are too slow for him .
The need for an extra data copy really hurts the application´s performance .
So he kept essential parts of the code in C++ to benefit from the languages ease of use when accessing binary data .
I felt challenged by this problem .
And here´s my solution : Easy reading / writing of binary structured data using C# 2.0 - without the need for an extra data copy .
Look at the following code for reading the ID3 v1 tag of a MP3 file :
[ StructLayout ( LayoutKind .
Sequential , Pack = 1 ) ]
public unsafe struct ID3v1Tag
{
private fixed sbyte tag [ 3 ] ;
private fixed sbyte title [ 30 ] ;
...
}
using ( System.IO.BinaryFile fmp3 = new System .IO.BinaryFile ( " myfile.mp3 " , System.IO.FileMode .
Open ) )
{
ID3v1 Tag t;
unsafe
{
fmp3.Seek ( - 128 , System.IO.SeekOrigin.End ) ;
fmp3.ReadStruct<ID3v1Tag>( &t ) ;
}
if ( t. Tag == " TAG " )
{
Console .
WriteLine ( " title : " + t. Title ) ; ...
}
}
I´d say it´s as easy to read / write as the C++ equivalent above .
And it ´s just generic functions that get called .
And no extra copies of data are needed .
The ID3v1 tag data is read directly into the ID3v1 Tag struct passed to the Read ( ) method .
How is this done ?
Well , I removed the premise that underlies the usual literature on this topic : I don´t use System .
IO to access the file , but the old CRT fxxx ( ) functions .
The above BinaryFile class encapsulates the calls to the following C DLL functions :
[ System.Runtime.InteropServices.DllImport(" CRTFileIO.dll " ) ]
private static extern int FileOpen ( string filename , string mode ) ;
[ System.Runtime.InteropServices.DllImport(" CRTFileIO.dll " ) ]
private static extern void FileClose ( int h Stream ) ;
[ System.Runtime.InteropServices.DllImport(" CRTFileIO.dll " ) ]
private unsafe static extern bool FileReadBuffer ( int hStream , void * buffer , short bufferLen ) ;
[ System.Runtime.InteropServices.DllImport(" CRTFileIO.dll " ) ]
private unsafe static extern bool FileWriteBuffer ( int hStream , void * buffer , short bufferLen ) ;
[ System.Runtime.InteropServices.DllImport(" CRTFileIO.dll " ) ]
private unsafe static extern bool FileSeek ( int hStream , int offset , short origin ) ;
[ System.Runtime.InteropServices.DllImport(" CRTFileIO.dll " ) ]
private unsafe static extern bool FileGetPos ( int h Stream , out int pos ) ;
[ System.Runtime.InteropServices.DllImport(" CRTFileIO.dll " ) ]
private unsafe static extern bool FileFlush ( int hStream ) ;
I just wrote a small unmanaged DLL wrapper around the basic stdio C functions like fopen ( ) , fread ( ) etc .
That ´s all the magic there is .
Look at my C function for reading data from a file :
extern " C " DLLEXPORT short __stdcall FileReadBuffer ( FILE * stream , void * buffer , int bufferLen )
{
int n = fread ( buffer , 1 , bufferLen , stream ) ;
return n == bufferLen ;
}
This function is called by a wrapper class´ method to make it easier for application code to work with binary files .
BinaryFile hides the CRT file handle and looks much like a FileStream ( that ´s also the reason why I put Binary File into the System . IO namespace ) :
public unsafe bool ReadStruct < StructType >( void * buffer ) where StructType : struct
{
return Read ( buffer , ( short ) System.Runtime.InteropServices.Marshal.SizeOf(typeof( StructType ) ) ) ;
}
public unsafe bool Read ( void * buffer , short bufferLen )
{
...
return FileReadBuffer ( hFile , buffer , bufferLen ) ;
}
This Read ( ) method you just need to pass the address of the target struct to receive the data from the file and the number of bytes to read .
That ´s it. fread ( ) will put the data right into the C# struct .
No extra byte [ ] , no explicit deserialization of fields .
You just need to be willing to use unsafe code :
unsafe
{
fmp3.Read<MyStruct >( &myStructVar ) ;
}
I´d say , it cannot become much easier or faster than this , when reading from binary files .
If you´d like to give this approach a try , you can download sources here .
In order to use the Binary File class just add a reference to CRTFileIO .
Import.dll to your C# project and make sure the C wrapper CRTFileIO.dll gets copied to the same directory as CRTFileIO.Import.dll .
Enjoy !
Resources
[ 1 ] Anthony Baraff : Fast Binary File Reading with C# , http://www.codeproject.com/csharp/fastbinaryfileinput.asp
[ 2 ] Robert L. Bogue : Read binary files more efficiently using C# , http://www.builderau.com.au/architect/webservices/0,39024590,20277904,00.htm
[ 3 ] Eric Gunnerson : Unsafe and reading from files , http://blogs.msdn.com/ericgu/archive/2004/04/13/112297.aspx
Zakaj je folk vedno bolj nasilen ?
Kdo ma kaj od tega ?
Menda je vsem ljudem z možgani jasno , da ne obstaja niti en sam patetičen — kaj šele dober — razlog , da narediš to , kar so naredili tile umsko prizadeti huligani .
A se lahko zmenimo , da si razdelimo planet na dve polovici – na eno pejte vsi nasilni kreteni , na drugi pa bomo ostali ljudje , ki smo zadnji milijon let sodelovali v evoluciji .
Delež razdelitve ozemlja ni nujno 50:50 , po potrebi dobite tudi več .
Pa damo vam tud lepšo polovico , skratka marsikaj se da zmenit .
Edini pogoj je , da ne stopite čez mejo na naše ozemlje .
Da ni ne duha ne sluha o vas .
Čez krajši čas se bo vaš kos ozemlja itak spucal , ker se boste idioti zaostali lepo pobili med sabo …
Fak no , prov besen sem , kadar vidm take nasilne posnetke .
Še tolk bolj , ker prekleto preveč dobr poznam filing , ko te obstop 10 strašnih frajerjev , ki te potem natolčejo do šivov na glavi ( in so 4 leta kasnej na sodišču vsi oproščeni zarad pomanjkanja dokazov ) .
Sovražm nasilje in ne zaupam našemu sodnemu sistemu .
Folk , nehite bit nasilni !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
( drgač vs bom vse zbou k pse )
MAY 25 -- Meet Cody Patrick Allumbaugh .
The 21 - year - old Idaho man was arrested last night on a warrant charging him with failing to appear for a court hearing .
Nothing unique there , of course .
But it was the pose young Mr. Allumbaugh struck when his mug shot was snapped by the Ada County Sheriff 's Office that was special .
The booking photo can be found below .
Allumbaugh is the latest arrestee who has tried to spice up his police photo session .
On the following pages you 'll find some other defendants who eschewed the ' glum con ' look that has proven so popular .
( 9 pages )
Published online 7 November 2006 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news061106-6
News
Program learns languages by comparing documents .
Software can learn to translate Chinese without any prior information .
Punchstock
Google has built an English translation tool for Chinese and Arabic texts — using a team that speaks neither of the two languages .
The system , which last week topped an international exercise to find the best Chinese and Arabic translation technology , is symbolic of a shift in approach to computer translation .
Current software , such as the industry leader in Arabic - English translation , made by Cairo - based company Sakhr , draws on knowledge of vocabulary and grammar to translate documents .
But Google 's software , which is available in an experimental version , learns to translate by comparing the same document in different languages — such as English and Arabic versions of a newspaper article .
Beginning from perfect ignorance , as its data set grows , Google 's software learns to match strings of Arabic or Chinese characters to their English counterparts .
This produces a raw translation , which the software tidies up by rearranging the words into fluent English using patterns it has learnt from studying English texts .
The approach can produce impressive results , but requires no knowledge of the languages involved .
Philipp Koehn , a machine - translation expert at the University of Edinburgh , UK , who entered the evaluation using a similar approach to Google 's , says that when he began working on software to translate Arabic into English his computer did not even have the software to display Arabic text .
Top dog
Statistical software such as Google 's has begun to dominate the yearly evaluations , funded originally by the US Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency .
The results from this year 's comparison , organized by the National Institute of Standards and Technology ( NIST ) in Gaithersburg , Maryland , were released on 31 October .
Out of 40 entrants , Google finished top or joint top in all but one of the 36 different translation tasks .
The NIST evaluation measures the degree to which their outputs match a reference document produced by a human translator .
Google 's highest score — achieved for Arabic - to - English translations of newswire text — had 50 % similarity to the reference , comparing favourably to the 60 % that a different human translator of the same document might achieve .
Rivals attribute Google 's dominance in part to its ability to recruit the leaders in machine translation .
Franz
Och left the University of Southern California in Los Angeles for the company 's offices in Mountain View , California , two years ago .
Och , who was already building top - ranking translation systems , had tens of machines in academia , recalls Peter Norvig , Google 's director of research .
" I asked him if he could do better with a couple of thousand . "
At Google , Och also had access to huge numbers of translated documents .
Many research groups draw on sources such as the European Union and the United Nations , which translate diplomatic documents .
Some academic organizations also collect translations from sources such as newspapers and share them with other researchers .
ADVERTISEMENT
But Google can also draw on the documents it collects as it indexes the Web .
This gives it a particular advantage in the second , tidying - up stage of translation , experts say .
The result is a system that can begin to resemble human translation if it is given enough examples of a particular style of text — such as newspaper stories — to study .
But all systems still struggle with informal writing , such as newsgroup conversations .
In the long run , experts expect statistical and rules - based approaches to be combined .
In German , for example , verbs often come at the end of sentences , which can trip up statistical approaches such as Google's .
Applications Technologies of McLean , Virginia , have developed a system that uses such a hybrid approach ; it was the sole system to relegate Google to second place in any test .
Visit our topstranslation_rankin.html " > newsblog to read and post comments about this story .
July 26 , 2006
This Week 's Finds in Mathematical Physics ( Week 236 )
John Baez
This week I 'd like to catch you up on some papers about categorification and quantum mechanics .
But first , since it 's summer vacation , I 'd like to take you on a little road trip - to infinity .
And then , for fun , a little detective story about the history of the icosahedron .
Cantor invented two kinds of infinities : cardinals and ordinals .
Cardinals are more familiar .
They say how big sets are .
Two sets can be put into 1 - 1 correspondence iff they have the same number of elements - where this kind of " number " is a cardinal .
But today I want to talk about ordinals .
Ordinals say how big " well - ordered " sets are .
A set is well - ordered if it 's linearly ordered and every nonempty subset has a smallest element .
For example , the empty set
{}
is well - ordered in a trivial sort of way , and the corresponding ordinal is called
0 .
Similarly , any set with just one element , like this :
{0}
is well - ordered in a trivial sort of way , and the corresponding ordinal is called
1 .
Similarly , any set with two elements , like this :
{ 0,1}
becomes well - ordered as soon as we decree which element is bigger ; the obvious choice is to say 0 < 1 .
The corresponding ordinal is called
2 .
Similarly , any set with three elements , like this :
{ 0,1,2}
becomes well - ordered as soon as we linearly order it ; the obvious choice here is to say 0 < 1 < 2 .
The corresponding ordinal is called
3 .
Perhaps you 're getting the pattern - you 've probably seen these particular ordinals before , maybe sometime in grade school .
They 're called finite ordinals , or " natural numbers " .
But there 's a cute trick they probably did n't teach you then : we can define each ordinal to be the set of all ordinals less than it :
0 = {} ( since no ordinal is less than 0 ) 1 = {0} ( since only 0 is less than 1 ) 2 = { 0,1} ( since 0 and 1 are less than 2 ) 3 = { 0,1,2} ( since 0 , 1 and 2 are less than 3 )
Now , what comes after all the finite ordinals ?
Well , the set of all finite ordinals is itself well - ordered :
{ 0,1,2,3 , ...}
So , there 's an ordinal corresponding to this - and it's the first infinite ordinal .
It 's usually called omega ( ω ) .
Using the cute trick I mentioned , we can actually define
ω = { 0,1,2,3 , ...}
Now , what comes after this ?
Well , it turns out there 's a well - ordered set
{ 0,1,2,3 , ... , ω}
containing the finite ordinals together with ω , with the obvious notion of " less than " : ω is bigger than the rest .
Corresponding to this set there 's an ordinal called
ω +1
As usual , we can simply define
ω +1 = { 0,1,2,3 , ... , ω}
( At this point you could be confused if you know about cardinals , so let me throw in a word of reassurance .
The sets ω and ω+1 have the same " cardinality " , but they 're different as ordinals , since you can't find a 1 - 1 and onto function between them that preserves the ordering .
This is easy to see , since ω+1 has a biggest element while ω does not . )
Now , what comes next ?
Well , not surprisingly , it's
ω +2 = { 0,1,2,3 , ... , ω , ω+1}
Then comes
ω +3 , ω+4 , ω+5 , ...
and so on .
You get the idea .
What next ?
Well , the ordinal after all these is called ω+ω .
People often call it " ω times 2 " or " ω2 " for short .
So ,
ω 2 = { 0,1,2,3 , ... , ω , ω+1 , ω+2,ω+3 , ....}
What next ?
Well , then comes
ω 2 + 1 , ω2 + 2 , ...
and so on .
But you probably have the hang of this already , so we can skip right ahead to ω3 .
In fact , you 're probably ready to skip right ahead to ω4 , and ω5 , and so on .
In fact , I bet now you 're ready to skip all the way to " ω times ω " , or ω2 for short :
ω 2 = { 0,1,2... ω , ω+1,ω+2 , ... , ω2,ω2+1,ω2+2 , ...}
It would be fun to have a book with ω pages , each page half as thick as the previous page .
You can tell a nice long story with an ω - sized book .
But it would be even more fun to have an encyclopedia with ω volumes , each being an ω - sized book , each half as thick as the previous volume .
Then you have ω2 pages - and it can still fit in one bookshelf !
What comes next ?
Well , we have
ω 2+1 , ω 2+2 , ...
and so on , and after all these come
ω 2+ ω , ω2+ ω+1 , ω 2+ ω+2 , ...
and so on - and eventually
ω 2 + ω2 = ω2 2
and then a bunch more , and then
ω2 3
and then a bunch more , and then
ω2 4
and then a bunch more , and more , and eventually
ω 2 ω = ω3 .
You can probably imagine a bookcase containing ω encyclopedias , each with ω volumes , each with ω pages , for a total of ω3 pages .
I 'm skipping more and more steps to keep you from getting bored .
I know you have plenty to do and can't spend an infinite amount of time reading This Week 's Finds , even if the subject is infinity .
So , if you do n't mind me just mentioning some of the high points , there are guys like ω 4 and ω5 and so on , and after all these comes
ωω .
And then what ?
Well , then comes ωω + 1 , and so on , but I 'm sure that 's boring by now .
And then come ordinals like
ωω 2 , ... , ωω 3 , ... , ωω 4 , ...
leading up to
ωω ω = ωω + 1
Then eventually come ordinals like
ω ω ω2 , ... , ω ω ω3 , ... , ω ω ω4 , ...
and so on , leading up to :
ωω ωω = ωω + ω = ωω 2
This actually reminds me of something that happened driving across South Dakota one summer with a friend of mine .
We were in college , so we had the summer off , so we drive across the country .
We drove across South Dakota all the way from the eastern border to the west on Interstate 90 .
This state is huge - about 600 kilometers across , and most of it is really flat , so the drive was really boring .
We kept seeing signs for a bunch of tourist attractions on the western edge of the state , like the Badlands and Mt. Rushmore - a mountain that they carved to look like faces of presidents , just to give people some reason to keep driving .
Anyway , I 'll tell you the rest of the story later - I see some more ordinals coming up :
ω ω3 , ... ω ω4 , ... ω ω5 , ...
We 're really whizzing along now just to keep from getting bored - just like my friend and I did in South Dakota .
You might fondly imagine that we had fun trading stories and jokes , like they do in road movies .
But we were driving all the way from Princeton to my friend Chip 's cabin in California .
By the time we got to South Dakota , we were all out of stories and jokes .
Hey , look !
It 's
ωω ω = ωω2
That was cool .
Then comes
ω ω3 , ... ω ω4 , ... ω ω5 , ...
and so on .
Anyway , back to my story .
For the first half of our half of our trip across the state , we kept seeing signs for something called the South Dakota Tractor Museum .
Oh , wait , here 's an interesting ordinal - let 's slow down and take a look :
ω ω ω
I like that !
Okay , let 's keep driving :
ω ωω + 1 , ωω ω + 2 , ...
and then
ω ωω + ω , ... , ω ω ω + ω 2 , ... , ω ω ω + 3 , ...
and then
ω ωω + ω 2 , ... , ω ω ω + ω 3 , ...
and eventually
ω ωω + ω ω
and eventually
ω ωω + ω ω ω = ω ω ω 2
and then
ω ωω 3 , ... , ω ω ω 4 , ... , ω ω ω 5 , ...
and eventually
ω ωω ω = ω ω ω + 1
and then
ω ωω + 2 , ... , ω ω ω + 3 , ... , ω ω ω + 4 , ...
This is pretty boring ; we 're already going infinitely fast , but we 're still just picking up speed , and it'll take a while before we reach something interesting .
Anyway , we started getting really curious about this South Dakota Tractor Museum - it sounded sort of funny .
It took 250 kilometers of driving before we passed it .
We would n't normally care about a tractor museum , but there was really nothing else to think about while we were driving .
The only thing to see were fields of grain , and these signs , which kept building up the suspense , saying things like " ONLY 100 MILES TO THE SOUTH DAKOTA TRACTOR MUSEUM ! "
We 're zipping along really fast now :
ω ωω ω , ... , ω ω ω ω ω , ... , ω ω ω ω ω ω , ...
What comes after all these ?
At this point we need to stop for gas .
Our notation for ordinals runs out at this point !
The ordinals do n't stop ; it 's just our notation that gives out .
The set of all ordinals listed up to now - including all the ones we zipped past - is a well - ordered set called
ε 0
or " epsilon - nought " .
This has the amazing property that
ε 0 = ωε 0
And , it 's the smallest ordinal with this property .
In fact , all the ordinals smaller than ε 0 can be drawn as trees .
You write them in " Cantor normal form " like this :
ω ω ωω+ω+1 + ω ω ω+ω ω + ωω + ω + ω + 1 + 1 + 1
using just + and exponentials and 1 and ω , and then you turn this notation into a picture of a tree .
I 'll leave it as a puzzle to figure out how .
So , the set of ( finite , rooted ) trees becomes a well - ordered set whose ordinal is ε 0 .
Trees are important in combinatorics and computer science , so ε 0 is not really so weird after all .
Another cool thing is that Gentzen proved the consistency of the usual axioms for arithmetic - " Peano arithmetic " - with the help of ε 0 .
He did this by drawing proofs as trees , and using this to give an inductive argument that there 's no proof in Peano arithmetic that 0 = 1 .
But , this inductive argument goes beyond the simple kind you use to prove facts about all natural numbers .
It uses induction up to ε 0 .
You can't formalize Gentzen 's argument in Peano arithmetic : thanks to Gödel , this system can't proof itself consistent unless it 's not .
I used to think this made Gentzen 's proof pointless , especially since " induction up to ε 0 " sounded like some sort of insane logician 's extrapolation of ordinary mathematical induction .
But now I see that induction up to ε 0 can be thought of as induction on trees , and it seems like an obviously correct principle .
Of course Peano 's axioms also seem obviously correct , so I do n't know that Gentzen 's proof makes me more sure Peano arithmetic is consistent .
But , it 's interesting .
Induction up to ε 0 also lets you prove other stuff you can't prove with just Peano arithmetic .
For example , it lets you prove that every Goodstein sequence eventually reaches zero !
Huh ?
To write down a Goodstein sequence , you start with any natural number and write it in " recursive base 2 " , like this :
222+1 + 21
Then you replace all the 2's by 3's :
333+1 + 31
Then you subtract 1 and write the answer in " recursive base 3 " :
333+1 + 1 + 1
Then you replace all the 3's by 4's , subtract 1 and write the answer in recursive base 4 .
Then you replace all the 4's by 5's , subtract 1 and write the answer in recursive base 5 .
And so on .
You can try some examples using the applet on this site :
1 ) National Curve Bank , Goodstein 's theorem , http://curvebank.calstatela.edu/goodstein/goodstein.htm
You 'll see that for any starting number bigger than 3 , the Goodstein sequence seems to keep growing forever .
So , it 's shocking to learn that they all eventually go to zero !
For example , if you start with the number 4 , you get this sequence :
4 , 26 , 41 , 60 , 83 , 109 , 139 , 173 , 211 , 253 , 299 , 348 , ...
Believe it or not , this goes to zero after about 7 × 10121210694 steps !
For a proof , see Kevin Buzzard 's calculations in the Addendum at the bottom of this article .
In fact , it takes nothing but algebra , careful reasoning and persistence to work out when any given Goodstein sequence reaches zero .
But , proving they all eventually reach zero uses induction up to ε 0 .
How can that be ?
The point is that these numbers in " recursive base n " look a lot like ordinals in Cantor normal form .
If we translate them into ordinals by replacing n by ω , the ordinals keep getting smaller at each step , even when the numbers get bigger !
For example , when we do the translation
222+1 + 21 → ω ωω+1 + ω1 333+1 + 1 + 1 → ω ωω+1 + 1 + 1
we see the ordinal got smaller even though the number got bigger .
Since ε 0 is well - ordered , the ordinals must bottom out at zero after a finite number of steps - that 's what " induction up to ε 0 " tells us .
So , the numbers must too !
In short , induction up to ε 0 lets us prove all Goodstein sequences eventually reach zero .
But Kirby and Paris showed something much deeper : they showed that you need induction up to ε 0 to get the job done .
And , they noted a big consequence of this fact .
Suppose Peano arithmetic is consistent .
Then you can't do induction up to ε 0 in this system - since if you could , Gentzen 's work would let this system prove itself consistent , and Gödel 's theorem would kick in and say it 's not .
But since you need induction up to ε 0 to prove all Goodstein sequences go to zero , you can't prove this in Peano arithmetic .
So , the fact that Goodstein sequences go to zero is obvious if you think about it the right way , but it 's not provable in Peano arithmetic .
I do n't know any results in mathematical physics that use induction up to ε 0 , but these could be one - after all , trees show up in the theory of Feynman diagrams .
That would be pretty interesting .
There 's a lot more to say about this , but I hear what you 're asking : what comes after ε 0 ?
Well , duh !
It 's
ε 0 + 1
Then comes
ε 0 + 2
and then eventually we get to
ε 0 + ω
and then
ε 0 + ω2 , ... , ε 0 + ω 3 , ... ε 0 + ω 4 , ...
and after a long time
ε 0 + ε 0 = ε 0 2
and then eventually
ε 0 2
and then eventually ...
Oh , I see !
You want to know the first really interesting ordinal after ε 0 .
Well , this is a matter of taste , but you might be interested in ε 1 .
This is the first ordinal after ε 0 that satisfies this equation :
x = ωx
How do we actually reach this ordinal ?
Well , just as ε 0 was the limit of this sequence :
ω , ωω , ω ω ω , ω ω ω ω , ...
ε 1 is the limit of this :
ε 0 + 1 , ωε 0 + 1 , ω ωε 0 + 1 , ω ω ωε 0 + 1 , ...
In other words , it 's the union of all these well - ordered sets .
In what sense is ε 1 the " first really interesting ordinal " after ε 0 ?
I 'm not sure !
Maybe it 's the first one that can't be built out of 1 , ω and ε 0 using finitely many additions , multiplications and exponentiations .
Does anyone out there know ?
Anyway , the next really interesting ordinal I know after ε 1 is ε 2 .
It 's the next solution of
x = ωx
and it 's defined to be the limit of this sequence :
ε 1 + 1 , ωε 1 + 1 , ω ωε 1 + 1 , ω ω ωε 1 + 1 , ...
Maybe now you get the pattern .
In general , ε α is the αth solution of
x = ωx
and we can define this , if we 're smart , for any ordinal α .
So , we can keep driving on through fields of ever larger ordinals :
ε 2 ,... , ε 3 , ... , ε 4 , ...
and eventually
ε ω , ... , ε ω+1 ,... , ε ω+2 , ...
and eventually
ε ω2 , ... , ε ω 3 , ... , ε ω 4 , ...
and eventually
ε ωω ,... , ε ωωω , ...
As you can see , this gets boring after a while - it 's suspiciously similar to the beginning of our trip through the ordinals , with them now showing up as subscripts under this " ε " notation .
But this is misleading : we 're moving much faster now .
I 'm skipping over much bigger gaps , not bothering to mention all sorts of ordinals like
ε ωω + ε ω 248 + ω ωω + 17 + 1
Anyway ... so finally we got to this South Dakota Tractor Museum , driving pretty darn fast at this point , about 85 miles an hour ... and guess what ?
Oh - wait a minute - it 's sort of interesting here :
ε ε 0 , ... , ε ε 1 , ... , ε ε 2 , ...
and now we reach
ε ε ω
and then
ε ε ωω , ... , ε ε ωωω , ...
and then as we keep speeding up , we see :
ε ε ε 0 , ... ε ε ε ε 0 , ... ε ε ε ε ε 0 , ...
So , anyway : by the time we got that tractor museum , we were driving really fast .
And , all we saw as we whizzed by was a bunch of rusty tractors out in a field !
It was over in a split second !
It was a real anticlimax - just like this little anecdote , in fact .
But that 's the way it is when you 're driving through these ordinals .
Every ordinal , no matter how large , looks pretty pathetic and small compared to the ones ahead - so you keep speeding up , looking for a really big one ... and when you find one , you see it 's part of a new pattern , and that gets boring too ...
Anyway , when we reach the limit of this sequence :
ε 0 , ε ε 0 , ε ε ε 0 , ε ε ε ε 0 , ε ε ε ε ε 0 , ...
our notation breaks down , since this is the first solution of
x = ε x
We could make up a new name for this ordinal , like η 0 .
Then we could play the whole game again , defining η α to be the αth solution of
x = ε x
sort of like how we defined the epsilons .
This kind of equation , where something equals some function of itself , is called a " fixed point " equation .
But since we 'll have to play this game infinitely often , we might as well be more systematic about it !
As you can see , we keep running into new , qualitatively different types of ordinals .
First we ran into the powers of ω , then we ran into the epsilons , and now these etas .
It 's gonna keep happening !
For each type of ordinal , our notation runs out when we reach the first " fixed point " - when the xth ordinal of this type is actually equal to x .
So , instead of making up infinitely many Greek letters , let 's use φ γ for the γth type of ordinal , and φ γ ( α ) for the αth ordinal of type γ .
We can use the fixed point equation to define φ γ+1 in terms of φ γ .
In other words , we start off by defining
φ 0 ( α ) = ωα
and then define
φ γ+1 ( α )
to be the αth solution of
x = φ γ ( x )
We can even define this stuff when γ itself is infinite .
For a more precise definition see the Wikipedia article cited below ... but I hope you get the rough idea .
This defines a lot of really big ordinals , called the " Veblen hierarchy " .
There 's a souped - up version of Cantor normal form that can handle every ordinal that 's a finite sum of guys in the Veblen hierarchy : you can write them uniquely as finite sums of the form
φ γ 1 ( α 1 ) + ... + φ γ k ( α k )
where each term is less than or equal to the previous one , and each α i is not a fixed point of φ γ i
But as you might have suspected , not all ordinals can be written in this way .
For one thing , every ordinal we 've reached so far is countable : as a set you can put it in one - to - one correspondence with the integers .
There are much bigger uncountable ordinals - at least if you believe you can well - order uncountable sets .
But even in the realm of the countable , we 're nowhere near done !
As I hope you see , the power of the human mind to see a pattern and formalize it gives the quest for large countable ordinals a strange quality .
As soon as we see a systematic way to generate a sequence of larger and larger ordinals , we know this sequence has a limit that 's larger then all of those !
And this opens the door to even larger ones ....
So , this whole journey feels a bit like trying to outrace our car 's own shadow - the faster we drive , the faster it chases after us .
But , it 's interesting to hear what happens next .
At this point we reach something a bit like the Badlands on the western edge of South Dakota - something a bit spooky !
It 's called the Feferman - Schütte ordinal , Γ 0 .
This is just the limit , or union if you prefer , of all the ordinals mentioned so far : all the ones you can get from the Veblen hierarchy .
You can also define Γ 0 by a fixed point property : it 's the smallest ordinal x with
φ x ( 0 ) = x
Now , we 've already seen that induction up to different ordinals gives us different amounts of mathematical power : induction up to ω is just ordinary mathematical induction as formalized by Peano arithmetic , but induction up to ε 0 buys us more - it lets us prove the consistency of Peano arithmetic !
Logicians including Feferman and Schütte have carried out a detailed analysis of this subject .
They know a lot about how much induction up to different ordinals buys you .
And apparently , induction up to Γ 0 lets us prove the consistency of a system called " predicative analysis " .
I do n't understand this , nor do I understand the claim I 've seen that Γ 0 is the first ordinal that cannot be defined predicatively - i.e. , can't be defined without reference to itself .
Sure , saying Γ 0 is the first solution of
φ x ( 0 ) = x
is non-predicative .
But what about saying that Γ 0 is the union of all ordinals in the Veblen hierarchy ?
What 's non-predicative about that ?
If anyone could explain this in simple terms , I 'd be much obliged .
As you can see , I 'm getting out my depth here .
That 's pretty typical in This Week 's Finds , but this time - just to shock the world - I 'll take it as a cue to shut up .
So , I wo n't try to explain the outrageously large Bachmann - Howard ordinal , or the even more outrageously large Church - Kleene ordinal - the first one that can't be written down using any computable system of notation .
You 'll just have to read the references .
For a fun introduction to the infinite , try
2 ) Rudy Rucker , Infinity and the Mind : The Science and Philosophy of the Infinite , Princeton University Press , Princeton , 2004 .
Rucker also wrote a novel , White Light , about a mathematician who actually goes to the transfinite realms and climbs some transfinite mountains .
For online self - study , I urge you to start by reading the Wikipedia article on ordinal numbers , then the article on ordinal arithmetic , and then the one on large countable ordinals - they 're really well - written :
3 ) Wikipedia , Ordinal numbers , http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ordinal_number
Ordinal arithmetic , http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ordinal_arithmetic
Large countable ordinals , http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Large_countable_ordinals
The last one has a tempting bibliography , but warns us that most books on this subject are hard to read and out of print .
Apparently nobody can agree on notation for ordinals beyond the Veblen hierarchy , either .
Gentzen proved the consistency of Peano arithmetic in 1936 :
4 ) Gerhard Gentzen , Die Widerspruchfreiheit der reinen Zahlentheorie , Mathematische Annalen 112 ( 1936 ) , 493-565 .
Translated as " The consistency of arithmetic " in M. E. Szabo ed. , The Collected Works of Gerhard Gentzen , North - Holland , Amsterdam , 1969 .
Goodstein's theorem came shortly afterwards :
5 ) R. Goodstein ,
On the restricted ordinal theorem , Journal of Symbolic Logic , 9 ( 1944 ) , 33 - 41 .
but Kirby and Paris proved it independent of Peano arithmetic only in 1982 :
6 ) L. Kirby and J. Paris , Accessible independence results for Peano arithmetic , Bull .
London .
Math .
Soc. 14 ( 1982 ) , 285-93 .
That marvelous guy Alan Turing wrote his PhD thesis at Princeton under the logician Alonzo Church .
It was about ordinals and their relation to logic :
7 ) Alan M. Turing , Systems of logic defined by ordinals , Proc. London Math .
Soc. , Series 2 , 45 ( 1939 ) , 161-228 .
This is regarded as his most difficult paper .
The idea is to take a system of logic like Peano arithmetic and throw in an extra axiom saying that system is consistent , and then another axiom saying that system is consistent , and so on ad infinitum - getting a new system for each ordinal .
These systems are recursively axiomatizable up to ( but not including ) the Church - Kleene ordinal .
These ideas were later developed much further ....
But , reading original articles is not so easy , especially if you 're in Shanghai without access to a library .
So , what about online stuff - especially stuff for the amateur , like me ?
Well , this article is great fun if you 're looking for a readable overview of the grand early days of proof theory , when Hilbert was battling Brouwer , and then Gödel came and blew everyone away :
8 ) Jeremy Avigad and Erich H. Reck , " Clarifying the nature of the infinite " : the development of metamathematics and proof theory , Carnegie - Mellon Technical Report CMU - PHIL - 120 , 2001 .
Also available as http://www.andrew.cmu.edu/user/avigad/Papers/infinite.pdf
But , it does n't say much about the newer stuff , like the idea that induction up to a given ordinal can prove the consistency of a logical system - the bigger the ordinal , the stronger the system .
For work up to 1960 , this is a good overview :
9 ) Solomon Feferman , Highlights in proof theory , in Proof Theory , eds .
V. F. Hendricks et al , Kluwer , Dordrecht ( 2000 ) , pp. 11-31 .
Also available at http://math.stanford.edu/~feferman/papers.html
For newer stuff , try this :
10 ) Solomon Feferman , Proof theory since 1960 , prepared for the Encyclopedia of Philosophy Supplement , Macmillan Publishing Co. , New York .
Also available at http://math.stanford.edu/~feferman/papers.html
Also try the stuff on proof theory , trees and categories mentioned in " week227 " , and this book mentioned in " week70 " - now you can get it free online :
11 ) Jean - Yves Girard , Y. Lafont and P. Taylor , Proofs and Types , Cambridge Tracts in Theoretical Computer Science 7 , Cambridge U. Press , 1989 .
Also available at http://www.cs.man.ac.uk/~pt/stable/Proofs+Types.html
Finally , sometime I want to get ahold of this book by someone who always enlivened logic discussions on the internet until his death in April this year :
12 ) Torkel Franzen , Inexhaustibility : A Non-Exhaustive Treatment , Lecture Notes in Logic 16 , A. K. Peters , Ltd. , 2004 .
The blurb sounds nice : " The inexhaustibility of mathematical knowledge is treated based on the concept of transfinite progressions of theories as conceived by Turing and Feferman . "
Okay , now for a bit about the icosahedron - my favorite Platonic solid .
I 've been thinking about the " geometric McKay correspondence " lately , and among other things this sets up a nice relationship between the symmetry group of the icosahedron and an amazing entity called E 8 .
E 8 is the largest of the exceptional Lie groups - it 's 248 - dimensional .
It 's related to the octonions ( the number " 8 " is no coincidence ) and it shows up in string theory .
It 's very beautiful how this complicated sounding stuff can be seen in distilled form in the icosahedron .
I have a lot to say about this , but you 're probably worn out by our road trip through the land of big ordinals .
So for now , try " week164 " and " week230 " if you 're curious .
Let 's talk about something less stressful - the early history of the icosahedron .
I spoke about the early history of the dodecahedron in " week63 " .
It 's conjectured that the Greeks got interested in this shape from looking at crystals of iron pyrite .
These are n't regular dodecahedra , since normal crystals can't have 5 - fold symmetry - though " quasicrystals " can .
Instead , they 're " pyritohedra " .
The Greeks ' love of mathematical perfection led them to the regular dodecahedron ....
... and it also led them to invent the icosahedron :
13 ) Benno Artmann , About the cover : the mathematical conquest of the third dimension , Bulletin of the AMS , 43 ( 2006 ) , 231-235 .
Also available at http://www.ams.org/bull/2006-43-02/S0273-0979-06-01111-6/
According to Artmann , an ancient note written in the margins of a copy of Euclid 's Elements says the regular icosahedron and octahedron were discovered by Theaetetus !
If you 're a cultured sort , you may know Theaetetus through Plato 's dialog of the same name , where he 's described as a mathematical genius .
He 's also mentioned in Plato 's " The Sophist " .
He probably discovered the icosahedron between 380 and 370 BC , and died at an early age in 369 .
Euclid wrote his construction of the icosahedron that we find in Euclid 's Elements :
14 ) Euclid , Elements , Book XIII , Proposition 16 , online version due to David Joyce at http://aleph0.clarku.edu/~djoyce/java/elements/bookXIII/propXIII16.html
Artmann says this was the first time a geometrical entity appeared in pure thought before it was seen !
An interesting thought .
Book XIII also contains a complete classification of the Platonic solids - perhaps the first really interesting classification theorem in mathematics , and certainly the first " ADE classification " :
15 ) Euclid , Elements , Book XIII , Proposition 18 , online version due to David Joyce at http://aleph0.clarku.edu/~djoyce/java/elements/bookXIII/propXIII18.html
If you do n't know about ADE classifications , see " week62 " .
I got curious about the " ancient note written in the margins of a copy of Euclid " that Artmann mentions .
It seemed too good to be true .
Just for fun , I tried to track down the facts about this , using only my web browser here in Shanghai .
First of all , if you 're imagining an old book in a library somewhere with marginal notes scribbled by a pal of Theaetetus , dream on .
It ai n't that simple !
Our knowledge of Euclid 's original Elements relies on copies of copies of copies ... and centuries of detective work , with each detective having to root through obscure journals and dim - lit library basements to learn what the previous detectives did .
The oldest traces of Euclid 's Elements are pathetic fragments of papyrus .
People found some in a library roasted by the eruption of Mount Vesuvius in 79 AD , some more in a garbage dump in the Egyptian town of Oxyrhynchus ( see " week221 " ) , and a couple more in the Fayum region near the Nile .
All these were written centuries after Euclid died .
Here 's one from Oxyrhynchus , photographed by Bill Casselman , who kindly let me include this picture :
What math is being discussed here ?
What 's that red " 29 " doing there ?
For the answer to these and other questions , check out his website !
16 ) Bill Casselman ,
One of the oldest extant diagrams from Euclid , http://www.math.ubc.ca/~cass/Euclid/papyrus/
The oldest nearly complete copy of the Elements lurks in a museum called the Bodleian at Oxford .
It dates back to 888 AD , about a millennium after Euclid .
More copies date back to the 10th century ; you can find their stories here :
17 ) Thomas L. Heath , editor , Euclid 's Elements , chap .
V : the text , Cambridge U. Press , Cambridge , 1925 .
Also available at http://www.perseus.tufts.edu/cgi-bin/ptext?lookup=Euc.+5
18 ) Menso Folkerts , Euclid 's Elements in Medieval Europe , http://www.math.ubc.ca/~cass/Euclid/folkerts/folkerts.html
All these copies are somewhat different .
So , getting at Euclid 's original Elements is as hard as sequencing the genome of Neanderthal man , seeing a quark , or peering back to the Big Bang !
A lot of these copies contain " scholia " : comments inserted by various usually unnamed copyists .
These were collected and classified by a scholar named Heiberg in the late 1800s :
19 ) Thomas L. Heath , editor , Euclid 's Elements , chap .
VI : the scholia , Cambridge U. Press , Cambridge , 1925 .
Also available at http://www.perseus.tufts.edu/cgi-bin/ptext?lookup=Euc.+6
One or more copies contains a scholium about Platonic solids in book XIII .
Which copies ?
Ah , for that I 'll have to read Heiberg 's book when I get back to UC Riverside - our library has it , I 'm proud to say .
And , it turns out that another scholar named Hultsch argued that this scholium was written by Geminus of Rhodes .
Geminus of Rhodes was an astronomer and mathematician who may have lived between 130 and 60 BC .
He seems like a cool dude .
In his Introduction to Astronomy , he broke open the " celestial sphere " , writing :
... we must not suppose that all the stars lie on one surface , but rather that some of them are higher and some are lower .
Anyway , the first scholium in book XIII of Euclid 's Elements , which Hultsch attributes to Geminus , mentions
... the five so - called Platonic figures which , however , do not belong to Plato , three of the five being due to the Pythagoreans , namely the cube , the pyramid , and the dodecahedron , while the octahedron and the icosahedron are due to Theaetetus .
20 ) Benno Artmann , Antike Darstellungen des Ikosaeders , Mitt. DMV 13 ( 2005 ) , 45 - 50 .
( Here the drawing of the icosahedron in Euclid 's elements is analysed in detail . )
21 ) A. E. Taylor , Plato : the Man and His Work , Dover Books , New York , 2001 , page 322 .
( This discusses traditions concerning Theaetetus and Platonic solids . )
22 ) Euclid , Elementa : Libri XI - XIII cum appendicibus , postscript by Johan Ludvig Heiberg , edited by Euangelos S. Stamatis , Teubner BSB , Leipzig , 1969 .
( Apparently this contains information on the scholium in book XIII of the Elements . )
Now for something a bit newer : categorification and quantum mechanics .
I 've said so much about this already that I 'm pretty much talked out :
23 ) John Baez and James Dolan , From finite sets to Feynman diagrams , in Mathematics Unlimited - 2001 and Beyond , vol . 1 , eds. Björn Engquist and Wilfried Schmid , Springer , Berlin , 2001 , pp. 29 -50 .
24 ) John Baez and Derek Wise , Quantization and Categorification , Quantum Gravity Seminar lecture notes , available at : http://math.ucr.edu/home/baez/qg-fall2003/
http://math.ucr.edu/home/baez/qg-winter2004/
http://math.ucr.edu/home/baez/qg-spring2004/
As I explained in " week185 " , many basic facts about harmonic oscillators , Fock space and Feynman diagrams have combinatorial interpretations .
For example , the commutation relation between the annihilation operator a and the creation operator a* :
aa* - a*a = 1
comes from the fact that if you have some balls in a box , there 's one more way to put a ball in and then take one out than to take one out and then put one in !
This way of thinking amounts to using finite sets as a substitute for the usual eigenstates of the number operator , so we 're really " categorifying " the harmonic oscillator : giving it a category of states instead of a set of states .
Working out the detailed consequences takes us through Joyal 's theory of " structure types " or " species " - see " week202 " - and on to more general " stuff types " .
Some nice category and 2 - category theory is needed to make the ideas precise .
For a careful treatment , see this thesis by a student of Ross Street :
25 ) Simon Byrne , On Groupoids and Stuff , honors thesis , Macquarie University , 2005 , available at http://www.maths.mq.edu.au/~street/ByrneHons.pdf and http://math.ucr.edu/home/baez/qg-spring2004/ByrneHons.pdf
However , none of this work dealt with the all - important phases in quantum mechanics !
For that , we 'd need a generalization of finite sets whose cardinality can be be complex .
And that 's what my student Jeffrey Morton introduces here :
26 ) Jeffrey Morton , Categorified algebra and quantum mechanics , Theory and Application of Categories 16 ( 2006 ) , 785-854 .
Available at http://www.emis.de/journals/TAC/volumes/16/29/16-29abs.html; also available as math .
QA/0601458 .
He starts from the beginning , explains how and why one would try to categorify the harmonic oscillator , introduces the " U( 1 ) - sets " and " U( 1 ) - stuff types " needed to do this , and shows how the usual theorem expressing time evolution of a perturbed oscillator as a sum over Feynman diagrams can be categorified .
His paper is now the place to read about this subject .
Take a look !
Jeffrey Winkler wrote :
Are the ridiculously infinite forms of infinity you discuss in your article ever used for anything ?
If they only refer to themselves , if the only thing these infinite sets refer to is other infinite sets , then it 's pointless self - reflexive recursive circular reasoning .
A set that has the same number of elements as the number of apples on your table , or the number of points in a line or a plane , or in infinitely dimensional Hilbert space , could be said to refer to something , but give an example of something , other than one of the sets you 're talking about , which would have ε 0 elements .
Where in mathematics or physics would you ever use such a concept ?
If you never would , then what 's the point ?
In other words , is there anything where you could have ε 0 " many " of something , other than the sets themselves , and if there is n't , then are these actually numbers ?
If nothing is ever " that many " , then is it a number ?
Of course , we 've expanded the concept of " number " to include complex numbers , quaternions , octonions , vectors , tensors , matrices , etc . where they do n't literally correspond to " how many " something is , yet in all those examples , they have uses in various fields of mathematics and physics , other than just when talking about themselves , so there is a reason for inventing them .
Jeffery
Jeffery Winkler wrote : >
Are the ridiculously infinite forms of infinity you discuss > in your article ever used for anything ?
Without ε 0 you can't prove that Goodstein sequences converge to zero - an obviously true fact .
As I mentioned , the main use of these ordinals is to measure the strength of axiom systems .
But , I did n't write about these ordinals because they 're useful .
I wrote about them because they 're fun .
They 're not " ridiculously infinite " , though .
The ordinals I mentioned are all countable ordered sets , and you can describe them all explicitly as subsets of the rational numbers .
More precisely : any one of the ordinals I mentioned , up to and including the Feferman - Schütte ordinal ( and quite a ways beyond ) , is isomorphic as an ordered set to a subset of the rational numbers .
Moreover , you can write a computer program that will decide whether or not any given fraction is in this subset .
As a consequence , you can also write a computer program that lists the fractions in this set .
It 's pretty obvious how to do this for ω2 : 0 , for example .
So , for someone to reject these ordinals as " ridiculously infinite " , they must have some doubts about the legitimacy of computable subsets of the rational numbers as valid objects of study .
That seems like an extreme position .
The Church - Kleene ordinal is much larger than any of the ordinals I discussed in detail .
It 's still countable .
Any ordinal below it can be described in a computable way - but it itself can't .
So , if you believe that only computable mathematical entities are worth studying , you might want to stop shy of this one .
I stopped far short of this one . >
If they only refer to themselves , if the only thing these > infinite sets refer to is other infinite sets , then it's > pointless self - reflexive recursive circular reasoning .
I hope you see that this is not true for the countable ordinals I was discussing .
I deliberately refrained from mentioning the large cardinals that logicians often discuss , precisely because I share your distaste for such stuff .
I realized after I posted " week236 " that some people might think I was talking about mystical entities , when I was actually talking about very concrete things .
So , I 'm glad you brought this up .
Best ,
jb
And now for Kevin Buzzard 's wonderful calculation !
In the original version of this Week 's Finds , I wrote :
if you start with the number 4 , you get this Goodstein sequence : 4 , 26 , 41 , 60 , 83 , 109 , 139 , 173 , 211 , 253 , 299 , 348 , ... and apparently it takes about 3 × 1060605351 steps to reach zero !
Kevin Buzzard then sent me an email in which he worked out the number himself .
After correcting a few small mistakes , we seem to have settled on a different answer .
Kevin writes :
You write this as if it were some kind of mystery .
I remember working out this number explicitly when I was a graduate student !
There is some nice form for it , as I recall .
Let 's see if I can reconstruct what I did .
If I 've understood the sequence correctly , it should be ( where " n ) " at the beginning of a line denotes we 're working in base n on this line , so strictly speaking it 's probably the n - 1st term in the sequence ) 2 ) 2^2 = 4 3 ) 3^3-1 = 2.3^2+2.3+2 = 26 [ note : base 3 , ends in 2 , and 3+2=5 ]
4 ) 2.4^2+2.4+1 = 41 [ note : base 4 , ends in 1 , and 4+1=5 ]
5 ) 2.5^2+2.5 = 60 [ we 're at a limit ordinal here , note 3+2=4+1=5 ]
6 ) 2.6^2+2.6-1 = 2.6^2+6+5 = 83 [ note : base 6 , ends in 5 ]
7 ) 2.7^2+7+4 [ note : base 7 , ends in 4 ]
8 ) 2.8^2+8+3 [ note : base 8 , ends in 3 , so we next get a limit ordinal at ...] . . 11 ) 2.11^2+11 12 ) 2.12^2+12-1 = 2.12^2+11 13 ) 2.13 ^2+10 . . . 23 ) 2.23^2 ( as 23 = 12+11 = 13+10 = ... ) 24 ) 24^2+23.24+23 . . . 47 ) 47^2+23.47 48 ) 48^2+22.48+47 . . . 95 ) 95^2+22.95 96 ) 96^2+21.96+95 . . . and now we spot a pattern : we 're just doubling --- getting a limit ordinal at bases 24 - 1 , 48 - 1 , 96 - 1 and so on .
Let 's look again at those limit ordinals : 47 ) 47^2+23.47 95 ) 95^2+22.95 . . .
24*2^t -1 ) ( 24* 2 ^t - 1) ^2+( 24-t ) *( 24 * 2^t - 1 ) . . . so the last one with a square in it will be the case t=24 , corresponding to r ) r^2 where r = 24 * 2^24 - 1 = 402653183 .
All those 24s , but I 'm sure you 'll not get carried away .
Let 's define n = r+1 = 24 * 2^24 and continue on .
At the next step , the ordinal decreases sharply : n) n ^2 - 1 = ( n - 1 ) n + ( n - 1 ) n+1 ) ( n - 1 ) ( n+1 ) + ( n - 2 ) [ note : now back to the usual tricks ] . . . 2 n - 1 ) ( n - 1 ) ( 2n - 1 ) [ the next limit , at base 2 n - 1 ] 2n ) ( n - 2 ) ( 2n ) + ( 2 n - 1 ) . . . 4 n - 1 ) ( n - 2 ) ( 4n - 1 ) 4n ) ( n - 2 ) ( 4n ) + ( 4 n - 1 ) . . . and the limit ordinals we 're running into now ( and we 're going to run into about n of them , which is a lot ) , are 2 n - 1 ) ( n - 1 ) ( 2 n - 1 ) 4 n - 1 ) ( n - 2 ) ( 4 n - 1 ) 8 n - 1 ) ( n - 3 ) ( 8 n - 1 ) . . . n 2 ^s -1 ) ( n -s ) ( n2^s - 1 ) . . . and finally when s = n - 1 m ) m where m = n 2 ^ {n - 1} - 1 . The sequence now looks like m+1 ) ( m+1 ) - 1 = m m +2 ) m - 1 m+3 ) m - 2 . . . 2m+1 ) 0
So the sequence becomes zero at base n2^n - 1 , where n = 24 * 2^24 .
If 2^2 is the first term in the sequence , I guess this is the ( n2^n - 2 ) th term .
I make this about 6.9*10 ^ {121210694} - curses , you got something else !
Actually , I have about the square of what you wrote and hence I have most likely made a slip .
On the other hand you can see that it 's not a mystery at all , it 's just an elementary exercise .
It really helps you learn about why the countable ordinals are well - ordered too : as you continue working out the numbers , you always have this impending sense of doom telling you that your gut feeling that the sequence tends to infinity might just be wrong ...
Kevin
n = 24 · 224 = 402653184 .
By the ( 2n ) th term it reaches almost 2n2 .
Then it grows by steps of n - 2 , and by the ( 4n ) th term it reaches almost 4n2 .
Then it grows by steps of n - 3 , and by the ( 8n ) th term it reaches almost 8n2 .
And so on ... it 's slowing down now .
After about the ( 2n - 2n ) th term it levels off completely , and by the ( 2n - 1n ) th term it equals almost 2n - 1n .
Note these numbers are the same .
From this point on the sequence decreases by one each time , and it hits zero at about the ( 2n n)th term .
So , it spends the last half of its life decreasing by one each time .
Right before that , it spends a quarter of its life remaining constant .
Right before that , it spends an eighth of its life growing by one each time .
Right before that it , it spends a sixteenth of its life growning by two each time .
And so on , but not indefinitely : this description covers the phase after the nth term .
In particular , it reaches its maximum and then levels off after about quarter of its life is done .
It spends about the next quarter of its life being constant , and the next half going down one step at a time .
Let 's be a bit more precise .
For this let 's call the ith term of the 4th Goodstein sequence a i , where we count things so that
a 1 = 4 , a 2 = 26 , ...
Then a i first reaches its maximum value at exactly
i = ( 1/4 ) 24 224 2( 24 224 ) - 2 ~ 1.72 × 10121210694
Its value at this point is exactly
a i = ( 1/2 ) 24 224 2( 24 224 ) - 1 ~ 3.45 × 10121210694
i = 24 224 2( 24 224 ) - 2 ~ 6.89 × 10121210694
I was worried that Kevin and I had made a mistake until we found this thesis which gets the same answer ( though the author starts the sequence at a 0 = 4 , so it looks one off from ours ) :
27 ) Justin T. Miller ,
On the Independence of Goodstein 's Theorem , Masters thesis , University of Arizona , 2001 .
Also available as http://www.u.arizona.edu/~miller/thesis/thesis.html
Tim Chow had some comments about why the Feferman - Schütte ordinal is considered the first " impredicative " ordinal .
He wrote :
John Baez wrote : > Logicians including Feferman and Schütte have carried out a detailed > analysis of this subject .
They know a lot about how much induction > up to different ordinals buys you .
And apparently , induction up to >Γ 0 lets us prove the consistency of a system called " predicative > analysis " .
I do n't understand this , nor do I understand the claim > I 've seen that Γ 0 is the first ordinal that cannot be defined > predicatively - i.e. , can't be defined without reference to itself .
> Sure , saying Γ 0 is the first solution of > >φ x ( 0 ) = x > > is non-predicative .
But what about saying that Γ 0 is the union > of all ordinals in the Veblen hierarchy ?
What 's non-predicative > about that ?
The situation is somewhat akin to the situation with the Church - Turing thesis , in that one is tentatively equating an informal notion ( predicativity or computability ) with a precise mathematical notion .
Therefore there is no definitive answer to your question , and Feferman himself has articulated potential objections to the " standard view " that Γ 0 marks the boundary of predicativity .
Having said that , I 'll also say that one of the reasons for the standard view is that Γ 0 marks the boundary of " autonomous progressions " of arithmetical theories .
The book by Torkel Franzen that you cited is probably the most accessible introduction to this subject .
Roughly speaking , the idea is that if anyone fully accepts first - order Peano arithmetic PA , then implicitly he accepts its consistency Con ( PA ) , as well as Con( PA+Con ( PA ) ) , etc .
If one tries to articulate exactly what is " implicitly " involved in accepting PA in this sense , then one can make a plausibility argument that Γ 0 is a natural stopping point .
I think you have a better shot at grasping the underlying intuition via this approach than by staring at Γ 0 itself and trying to figure out what is non-predicative about its definition .
There 's also someone named Nik Weaver who has debated Feferman on this subject :
http://www.cs.nyu.edu/pipermail/fom/2006-April/010472.html
http://www.math.wustl.edu/~nweaver/conceptualism.html
He seems to claim that Γ 0 and even larger ordinals have predicative definitions .
However , I 'm too ignorant to follow this debate .
Usually in physics I have a sense for when people are being reasonable even if I do n't follow the details .
In this debate I can't even do that .
Let 's look more closely at what the notion of " one theory like this per ordinal " means .
There 's no difficulty figuring out what " Con ( PA ) " means or how to express that statement in the first - order language of arithmetic .
Ditto with " Con ( PA+Con ( PA ) ) " .
However , once you start ascending the ordinal hierarchy , a difficulty appears .
The language of arithmetic does n't let you talk about " ordinals " directly --- that 's a set - theoretical concept .
In order to express a statement like " Con ( T ) " for some theory T , you need at minimum to be able to give some sort of " recursive description " or " recursive axiomatization " of T ( where here I use the word " recursive " in the technical sense of recursive function theory ) in the first - order language of arithmetic .
This observation already yields the intuition that we 're not going to be able to ascend beyond the Church - Kleene ordinal , because we wo n't even be able to figure out how to say " T is consistent " for a theory T that requires that many iterations to reach from PA .
There are other problems , though , that potentially get in the way before we reach the Church - Kleene ordinal .
Once we realize that what we need is a system of " ordinal notations " to " fake " the relevant set theory , we may ( if we are predicativists ) worry about issues such as : 1 . As we ascend the ordinal hierarchy , is n't it illegitimate to make a jump to an ordinal α unless we 've already proved , at the level of some ordinal β that we 've already reached , that an ordinal of type α exists ?
2 . And is n't it illegitimate to create sets by quantification over things other than the natural numbers themselves and sets that we 've already created ?
Condition 1 goes by the name of " autonomy " and condition 2 goes by the name of " ramification . "
If one formalizes these notions in a certain plausible manner , then one arrives at Γ 0 as the least upper bound of theories that you can get to , starting with ( for example ) PA .
One can of course wonder whether 1 and 2 above really capture the concept of " predicativity . "
Some secondary evidence has accumulated of the following form :
Some argument that intuitively seems to be predicative but that is not immediately seen to be provable in the Feferman - Schütte framework is shown , after some work , to indeed be provable below Γ 0 .
It 's still possible , of course , for someone --- you mentioned Nik Weaver --- to come along and argue that our intuitive notion of predicativism , fuzzy though it is , can't possibly be identified with the level Γ 0 .
The reason you can't seem to decide immediately whether Weaver 's position is nonsensical or not is probably because the critical questions are not mathematical but philosophical , and of course it 's usually harder to arrive at definitive answers in philosophy than in mathematics .
28 ) Hilbert Levitz , Transfinite ordinals and their notations :
For the uninitiated , available at http://www.cs.fsu.edu/~levitz/research.html
This paper introduced the " Schütte Klammersymbole " , which generalize the Veblen hierarchy :
29 ) Kurt Schütte , Kennzeichnung von Orgnungszahlen durch rekursiv erklärte Funktionen , Math .
Ann 127 ( 1954 ) , 15 - 32 .
These papers discuss a general concept of " ordinal notation system " , which includes the Schütte Klammersymbole and also something called the " n- ary Veblen hierarchy " :
30 ) Anton Setzer ,
An introduction to well - ordering proofs in Martin - Löf 's type theory , in Twenty - Five Years of Constructive Type Theory , eds .
G. Sambin and J. Smith , Clarendon Press , Oxford , 1998 , pp. 245-263 .
Also available at http://www.cs.swan.ac.uk/~csetzer/index.html
Anton Setzer , Ordinal systems , in Sets and Proofs , Cambridge U. Press , Cambridge , 2011 , pp. 301-331 .
Also available at http://www.cs.swan.ac.uk/~csetzer/index.html
This paper has a nice expository section on generalizations of the Veblen hierarchy :
31 ) Jean H. Gallier ,
What 's so special about Kruskal 's theorem and the ordinal Γ 0 ?
A survey of some results in proof theory , sec . 7 , A glimpse at Veblen hierarchies , Ann. Pure Appl. Logic 53 ( 1991 ) , 199-260 .
Also available at http://www.cis.upenn.edu/~jean/gallier-old-pubs.html
This paper is very useful , since it compares different notations :
32 ) Larry W. Miller , Normal functions and constructive ordinal notations , J. Symb. Log. 41 ( 1976 ) , 439-459 .
You can get it through JSTOR if you have access to that .
This webpage gives a nice definition of " ordinal notation system " as a coalgebra of a certain functor - nice if you understand categories , that is :
33 ) Peter Hancock , Ordinal notation systems , http://homepages.inf.ed.ac.uk/v1phanc1/ordinal-notations.html
Kevin Watkins pointed out this website , which contains several papers on ordinal notations :
34 ) Harold Simmons , Abstracts of papers and notes , http://www.cs.man.ac.uk/~hsimmons/DOCUMENTS/papersandnotes.html
Finally , the Wikipedia article on " large countable ordinals " has some references to books which are , alas , out of print .
Then he almost fell flat on his face on the floor
When I picked up the chalk and drew one letter more !
A letter he never had dreamed of before !
And I said , " You can stop , if you want , with the Z
Because most people stop with the Z
But not me !
In the places I go there are things that I see
That I never could spell if I stopped with the Z .
I 'm telling you this ' cause you 're one of my friends .
My alphabet starts where your alphabet ends ! "
© 2006 John Baez
baez@math.removethis.ucr.andthis.edu
Working - age Americans who make $ 50,000 to $ 100,000 a year are two to six times more generous in the share of their investment assets that they give to charity than those Americans who make more than $ 10 million , a pioneering study of federal tax data shows .
The least generous of all working - age Americans in 2003 , the latest year for which Internal Revenue Service data is available , were among the young and prosperous -- the 285 taxpayers age 35 and under who made more than $ 10 million -- and the 18,600 taxpayers making $ 500,000 to $ 1 million .
The top group had on average $ 101 million of investment assets while the other group had on average $ 2.4 million of investment assets .
On average these two groups made charitable gifts equal to 0.4 percent of their assets , while people the same age who made $ 50,000 to $ 100,000 gave gifts equal to more than 2.5 percent of their investment assets , six times that of their far wealthier peers .
Investment assets measures the value of stocks , bonds and other investments assets held in the tax system .
Excluded from this are retirement accounts , which are generally held outside the tax system , personal property like furniture and art and equity in homes .
A question was asked on the Trilogy Alumni list about IDEs for Ruby on Rails .
Like a lot of Rails developers I ’ve been using TextMate and I love it .
( I ’ve started using Locomotive for development ) .
Here ’s the list :
Spyced reviews 6 Python IDEs including a review of Komodo 3.1
Obsoleting the Electoral College
During the 2000 election of the United States of America , the Electoral College elected a president and vice - president that did not receive the most votes by the American people for the fourth time in history !
Despite what most Americans believe , they do not directly vote for their president and vice - president , but instead Americans vote for who they wish their state ( via an electoral official from the Electoral College ) to vote for the presidency .
Each state has a weighed electoral vote that is indirectly based on their census ( estimated total population ) .
This method has two main problems .
The first problem with the Electoral College is that the electoral officials only " pledge " that they will vote for the candidate that the state 's majority has voted for .
A " faithless elector " is a person who casts the state 's electoral vote for no one or someone who the majority of the state 's voters did not vote for .
As of 2006 , there have been 158 faithless electors .
In all fairness , 71 of those votes were because the candidate they were suppose to cast their vote for passed away before the election of the Electoral College .
In only 24 states , there are laws against electoral officials not voting for the candidate that they pledged to vote for , but they have never been enforced .
Whatever the reasons that faithless electors have for not voting for who they pledged to vote for , this reason alone is sufficient to obsolete the Electoral College .
The second problem with the Electoral College is that it unequally weighs votes .
Let 's take a look at a hypothetical worse case scenario .
Let 's assume there are two candidates in three states of equal populations and that Candidate A received 55 % percent of the people 's voted in State # 1 , 65 % in State # 2 , and 15 % in State # 3 .
Maybe this table would help illustrate .
Candidate A Candidate B State # 1 54 % 46 % State # 2 51 % 49 % State # 3 15 % 85 % Electoral Count 2 1 Average Vote 40 % 60 % Figure # 1
Using the Electoral College , Candidate A would be the winner , since more states voted for Candidate A .
If the popular vote ( total number of votes independent of states ) is used , then Candidate B would be the winner , because more people voted for Candidate B .
Furthermore , this problem is even greater if states have an unequal number of voters .
For example :
Candidate A Candidate B State 's Population Electoral Votes State # 1 54 % 46 % 3 million 3 State # 2 51 % 49 % 3 million 3 State # 3 15 % 85 % 4 million 4 Electoral Total 6 ( 3+3 ) 4 10 ( 3+3+4 ) Total Votes 3,750,000 6,250,000 Figure # 2
Again , the Electoral College would select Candidate A when Candidate B had more popular votes because of more state electoral votes .
Obviously , the Electoral College is biased , because it selects a single winner per state , and ignores the total popular vote of the people .
At this point , you are probably asking yourself why the Electoral College was used in the first place .
Maybe the founding fathers of America knew something that we do not know .
I even had difficulties finding a historical answer to this mystery .
As always , Wikipedia came to the rescue !
At first , the founding fathers debated several methods of electing the president , such as having Congress vote , or the State Legislatures vote , or a popular vote .
As to why they finally chose the Electoral College system , Alexander Hamilton in the Federalist Papers wrote : " A small number of persons , selected by their fellow citizens from the general mass , will be most likely to possess the information and discernment requisite to such complicated investigations . "
This reasoning was logical over two hundreds years ago when the general population was poorly educated and informed about presidential candidates .
However in today 's information age and with seemingly infinite media outlets ( television , newspapers , Internet , radio , etc. ) , Americans are now well enough informed and educated to directly decide who should be the President of the United States of America .
The Electoral College has failed the American people four times in the past with the most recent in the 2000 elections .
There is nothing to prevent it from happening again and again .
This is not how a true democratic republic such as the United States of America should be .
I can only ask for all of us to please contact our state and national officials to demand making the United States of America a true democracy .
Here are some links that can help us : White House , Congress , and House of Representatives .
by Phil for Humanity
on 09/04/2006 Related Articles
» Lobbyists Rule America
» Stop Pork Barrel Politics
» Do You Think You Live in a Democracy or a Republic ?
メモ。
志の高い人を雇いたがるのは、志の高い企業のするべきことなのだろうか。志の高い企業は、ふつうの志の人を雇い、高い志を持たせるような企業ではないだろうか。あるいは、ふつうの志の人を雇い、ふつうの志のまま、よい仕事をさせるような企業ではないだろうか。
優れた人を雇いたがるのはよいことなのだろうか。それは極論すれば、優れていないひとはどうでもいい、ということなのではないか？
そのような企業で働きたいと思うだろうか？
そのような企業で働きたいと思う人ばかりの社会で生きていたいと思えるだろうか？
ふつうの人が9時から6時まで（または10時から7時まで）、ふつうにプログラムを書いていればふつうに生活ができる、という世界の実現は困難なのだろうか。
今のソフトウェアエンジニアリングはふつうの人に辛すぎる。ここで言う「ふつうのひと」とは、たとえば「基本的に自分で本を買わない」「就業時間以外はプログラムを書かない」ようなひとだ。
自分で本を買って読むのはよいことだ。就業時間以外にコードを書くのもよいことだ。しかし、それは個人のたのしみのために行われるべきものであって、職業上の義務としてなされるべきものではない。それでは単なる時間外労働である。
業務のために、就業時間外にたくさん本を読め、と説く人々は、時間外労働を対価なしに（むしろ本代を払って）行え、と説いていることに他ならないはずだ。これを問題だと思わないのだろうか。私は非常に重大な問題だと思う。そのような行動をとらなければキャリアに支障を来たすというなら、それは業界そのものが深く病んでいるとしか思えない。
時間外労働を対価なしに行うひとだけが報われる社会を、そして何より、そのような社会を留保なしに肯定する人たちを、私は認めない。
When Erwin Rommel 's Panzer tanks ran out of diesel fuel in North Africa in World War II , the German general poured cooking oil into their gas tanks to keep the vehicles fighting .
The U.S. military thinks Germany 's " Desert Fox " might have been onto something .
At bases throughout the United States , soldiers are filling their gas tanks with biodiesel – diesel fuel made from soybean or other vegetable oil .
The Marines are among those leading the charge .
At Camp Pendleton , just north of San Diego , for example , the semis that haul the Marines ' 70 - ton M - 1 tanks have been running B20 , a mix of 20 percent biodiesel and 80 percent petroleum diesel , for more than two years .
So have the buses and trucks that carry the troops and their gear , forklifts , generators – even a diesel locomotive in the base 's switchyard .
So far , the military is not running biodiesel in tanks or other equipment that could get sent into battle zones .
But at bases in the United States , use of the environmentally friendly fuel is growing rapidly .
In 2003 , the Marine Corps used 844,000 gallons of B20 biodiesel , says retired Navy Cmdr. Leo Grassilli , a military biodiesel expert .
This year , Camp Pendleton and other nearby bases alone expect to use more than a million gallons .
" We 've been told we 're the No. 1 user of biodiesel in the U.S. , " says Gary Funk , the fleet manager for Marine Corps vehicles there .
The other military services are also turning to biodiesel .
The naval station at Everett , Washington , has been running the fuel since 2001 .
So has Peterson Air Force Base near Colorado Springs , Colorado .
Biodiesel can be found on at least 40 more Air Force bases , according to the National Biodiesel Board .
All told , the military will use more than 6 million gallons of biodiesel this year , according to the Defense Energy Support Center , the government agency that supplies the military with fuel .
That 's still a drop in the bucket compared to the military 's overall fuel needs , however .
The Navy and Marine Corps burn through nearly 2 billion gallons of diesel a year , says Grassilli .
Biodiesel use in the military is just beginning to take off .
Earlier this year , the Department of the Navy ordered all Navy and Marine installations in the United States to begin using biodiesel when possible .
Large naval bases such as the one at Norfolk , Virginia , are installing additional fuel tanks specifically for biodiesel .
The Navy is even experimenting with brewing its own biodiesel from the used vegetable oil that comes out of its mess halls .
One advantage of biodiesel , say military officials , is that it delivers the same performance as petroleum diesel , but is far less damaging to the environment .
" There 's no loss of power , and we get the same mileage , " says Donald Schregardus , deputy assistant secretary of the Navy for environmental programs , " and the vehicles are cleaner .
You do n't get the soot that you get out of regular diesel . "
Environmental Protection Agency studies on the fuel show that it produces less carbon monoxide , particulate matter and smog- producing hydrocarbons than standard diesel .
That 's important to the military 's role as a public citizen , says Funk .
" We operate our vehicles on the public highways , " he says .
" Biodiesel sends a signal to the American public that we 're working to keep the air clean , and to reduce our dependence on foreign oil . "
The new fuel is also helping the military meet a presidential mandate to federal agencies , the Energy Policy Act of 1992 , that requires the government agencies to begin using alternative fuel vehicles .
It 's also helping them meet a congressional mandate to the military to reduce their fuel use by 20 percent .
So far , the Marine Corps is the only service to have met that goal , in large part thanks to biodiesel .
Initially , biodiesel faced some skepticism from fleet managers and military procurement officials who were used to fuel that was pumped out of the ground , rather than grown on top of it .
But now , top brass are solidly behind it .
" The Navy has been very pleased with biodiesel , " says Schregardus .
Biodiesel 's track record at places like Camp Pendleton has helped .
" We 're hauling tanks up grades that average 7 percent for a couple of miles , and we 've had absolutely no problems with it , " Funk says .
Biodiesel 's increasing popularity in the civilian world has n't hurt , either .
Other federal agencies , including the U.S. Postal Service , the Department of Agriculture and NASA are using it .
So are many local governments .
Snowplows in Minneapolis , school buses in Virginia and New Jersey , and aircraft rescue trucks at the Lambert - St. Louis International Airport all run on biodiesel .
And starting this week , a state law in Minnesota will require all diesel fuel sold there to contain at least 2 percent biodiesel .
It has n't hurt that it 's far easier to switch to biodiesel than to other alternative technologies like electric or compressed natural gas vehicles .
At Camp Pendleton , Funk says , " we just began pouring it into the fuel tanks . "
Not only were no modifications to the engines required , but the base 's drivers did n't even notice the change .
" Until we stenciled ' Powered by Biodiesel ' on the sides of the cabs more than a year later , " he says , " none of them knew . "
Souped - Up Humvee Excites Marines
Fill ' Er Up Full of Beans
Green Cars Strive to End Oil Era
Driving Green , Explosion - Free
Drive over to Autopia
Phrasal verbs
My mom teaches English to visiting foreign students , and last time I met her she was talling me about phrasal verbs .
A phrasal verb is a verb that incorporates a preposition .
Examples include " speed up " , " try out " , " come across " , " go off " , " turn down " .
The prepositional part is uninflected , so " turns down " , " turned down " , " turning down " , not *" turn downs " , *" turn downed " , *" turn downing " .
My mom says she uses a book that has a list of all of them ; there are several hundred .
She was complaining specifically about " go off " , which has an unusually peculiar meaning : when the alarm clock goes off in the morning , it actually goes on .
This reminded me that " slow up " and " slow down " are synonymous .
And there is " speed up " , but no " speed down " .
And you cannot understand " stand down " by analogy with " stand up " , " sit up " , and " sit down " .
And you also cannot understand " nose job " by analogy with " hand job " .
But I digress .
One of the things about the phrasal verbs that gives the foreign students so much trouble is that the verbs do n't all obey the same rules .
For example , some are separable and some not .
Consider " turned down " .
I can turn down the thermostat , but I can also turn the thermostat down .
And I can try out my new game , and I can also try my new game out .
And I can stand up my blind date , and I can stand my blind date up .
But while I can come across a fountain in the park , I can't * come a fountain across in the park .
And while I can go off to Chicago , I can't * go to Chicago off .
There 's no way to know which of these work and which not , except just by memorizing which are allowed and which not .
And sometimes the separable ones can't be unseparated .
I can give back the map , and I can give the map back , and I can give it back , but I can't * give back it .
I can hold up the line , and I can hold the line up , and I can hold us up , but I can't * hold up us .
I do n't know what the rule is exactly , and I do n't want to go to the library again to get the Cambridge Grammar , because last time I did that I dropped it on my toe .
I had n't realized any of this until I read this article about them , but when I did , I had a sudden flash of insight .
I had not realized before what was going on when someone set up us the bomb .
" Set up " is separable : I can set up the bomb , or set the bomb up , or someone can set us up .
But " us " , as noted above , is not deseperable , so you cannot have * set up us .
But I think I understand the mistake better now than I did before ; it seems less like a complete freak and more like a member of a common type of error .
[ Other articles in category / lang ] permanent link
SOCI is a database access library for C++ that makes the illusion of embedding SQL queries in the regular C++ code , staying entirely within the Standard C++.
The idea is to provide C++ programmers a way to access SQL databases in the most natural and intuitive way .
If you find existing libraries too difficult for your needs or just distracting , SOCI can be a good alternative .
The simplest motivating code example for the SQL query that is supposed to retrieve a single row is : int id = ... ; string name ; int salary ; sql << " select name , salary from persons where id = " << id , into ( name ) , into ( salary ) ; and the following benefits from extensive support for object - relational mapping : int id = ... ; Person p ; sql << " select first_name , last_name , date_of_birth " " from persons where id = " << id , into ( p ) ; Integration with STL is also supported : Rowset < string > rs = ( sql.prepare << " select name from persons " ) ; copy ( rs.begin ( ) , rs.end ( ) , ostream_iterator < string >( cout , "
" ) ) ; SOCI offers also extensive integration with Boost datatypes ( optional , tuple and fusion ) and flexible support for user - defined datatypes .
Even though SOCI is mainly a C++ library , it also allows to use it from other programming languages .
Currently the package contains the Ada binding , with more bindings likely to come in the future .
Starting from its 2.0.0 release , SOCI uses the plug - in architecture for backends - this allows to target various database servers .
Currently ( 4.0.0 ) , the following database systems are supported : DB2
Firebird
MySQL
ODBC ( generic backend )
Oracle
PostgreSQL
SQLite3
The intent of the library is to cover as many database technologies as possible .
For this , the project has to rely on volunteer contributions from other programmers , who have expertise with the existing database interfaces and would like to help writing dedicated backends .
If you are interested in participating , please contact the project admin .
The SOCI library is distributed under the terms of the Boost Software License .
All SOCI downloads are hosted on SourceForge . net servers .
The current stable release ( 4.0.0 ) can be downloaded here , and all previous releases are available here .
The development of SOCI happens on GitHub .
All repositories live under the SOCI organization where all Git repositories are available .
The main
Git repository with SOCI source code can be cloned with : $ git clone git://github.com/SOCI/soci.git
The Issues tracker is open for bug reports and patches submission .
The best way to contribute to SOCI is to follow the typical GitHub workflow : fork SOCI , apply your edits and submit Pull Request .
Feel free to join SOCI development !
To meet other users , please consider subscribing to the SOCI - users mailing list .
There is also SOCI - devel mailing list available dedicated to development discussions only .
There is also community - driven Wiki and FAQ hosted at GitHub , where everybody is welcome to contribute .
Since the Iraq insurgency began , the U.S. Air Force has been looking for ways to use its planes to fight roadside bombs .
Electronic warriors like the EC - 130H Compass Call jam frequencies used to set off explosives .
Drones patrol highways , looking for new , suspicious mounds along the road .
Sometimes they even take out the bomb - planters .
Inside Defense reveals another Air Force tactic : Using ISR ( intelligence , surveillance and reconnaissance ) aircraft " to help coalition units round up insurgent cells believed to manufacture lethal improvised explosive devices . "
As Australians become increasingly alert to the importance of using water wisely in the home , CSIRO researchers have found a way to use a third less water when you shower – by adding air .
The scientists have developed a simple ' air shower ' device which , when fitted into existing showerheads , fills the water droplets with a tiny bubble of air .
The result is the shower feels just as wet and just as strong as before , but now uses much less water .
The researchers , from CSIRO Manufacturing Materials Technology in Melbourne , say the device increases the volume of the shower stream while reducing the amount of water used by about 30 per cent .
Given the average Australian household uses about 200,000 litres of water a year , and showers account for nearly a third of this , the ' air shower ' could help the average household save about 15,000 - 20,000 litres a year .
If you extend this across the population , that is an annual saving of more than 45,000 Olympic - sized swimming pools .
The Aerated Showerhead creates the sensation of having a full and steady stream of water even though the water is now more like a wet shell around a bubble of air .
While the general concept of using an aerated showerhead to save water is not new , the technology behind the CSIRO 's device is novel .
Developed by a team led by Dr Jie Wu , the aeration device is a small nozzle that fits inside a standard showerhead .
The nozzle uses a small Venturi tube – a tube for which the diameter varies , creating a difference in pressure and fluid speed .
Air is sucked into the Venturi tube as a result of the partial vacuum created , causing air and water to mix , forming tiny bubbles within the water stream .
" The nozzle creates a vacuum that sucks in air and forces it into the water stream , " Dr Wu says .
" We make the water droplets in the stream hollow and the bubbles expand the volume of the shower stream . "
Small - scale experiments using the aeration device found that people detected no difference in water pressure , sensation , or overall perception of showering .
After almost two years of research and development , CSIRO is ready to take the aerated shower head technology to the commercialisation stage .
" We have very promising results on the aerated showerhead 's water - saving potential .
Now we are looking for commercialisation partners who will be involved in the development needed to turn the technology into a marketable device , " Dr Wu says .
He expects the nozzle would cost less than AUD $ 20 and could be installed by householders .
Source : CSIRO Australia
Explore further Will next AirPods feature bone conduction ?
The unique ID of each sensor was easy to track
The academics showed how easy it was to track those using the combination of music player and running shoe sensor .
In the worst scenario suggested by the scientists , stalkers could use the tracking data to " engineer " encounters with victims .
The researchers said gadget makers should do more to protect privacy and stop hardware being abused in this way .
Hi-tech steps
The Nike iPod Sport kit uses radio to link a sensor in a runner 's shoe to another gadget that clips on to an iPod Nano .
The clip - on gadget analyses the data gathered by the sensor and gives runners information about how far they have travelled and the calories they have burned as they exercise .
A team of computer science researchers from the University of Washington has scrutinised the runner 's aid and found that it " fails to offer even the most basic level of user privacy " .
The investigation , led by graduate student Scott Saponas , found it easy to eavesdrop on the unique identifier ( UID ) the sensor uses to ensure it talks to the right receiver .
" When someone is engaged in a workout with a sensor using a receiver attached to an iPod , a second receiver can detect the sensor transmitting its UID , " the researchers report .
... will these new gadgets erode our privacy even further ?
Prof Tadayoshi Kohno
The unique identifier could be tracked up to 20 metres away outdoors and at speeds up to 30 mph .
University of Washington Professor Tadayoshi Kohno , who was part of the research team , said the project was undertaken to get a better understanding of trends in the technologies being sold to consumers .
" Are new devices still being introduced that do not address the full range of privacy issues , even if it is technically possible to address many of those issues ? " he asked .
To show how the data transmitted by the sensor could be abused , the team created their own receiver from cheap and easily obtainable parts that logged when a target sensor was nearby .
This used wi-fi to pass on the information to a central database that plotted the location on Google Maps .
By concealing a few of the small custom - made receivers in select locations , the researchers showed how it would be possible to track someone 's movements .
Researchers fear the running sensor could be abused
The team speculated that stalkers , thieves and others could use their own receivers to monitor a target .
Surveys suggest that most people who use the iPod Sport kit turn the sensor on , slip it in their running shoe and never turn it off .
Prof Kohno said : " Our study shows is that new devices are still coming out that do not address the full range of privacy issues . "
The researchers said they did not want to suggest that Apple or Nike intended that their devices would be used maliciously .
" But , " said Prof Kohno , " this situation begs the broader question : as manufacturers continue to introduce other new , sophisticated technological personal gadgets , will these new gadgets erode our privacy even further ?
" More importantly , " he said , " what can we do about that ? "
To make the technology more secure the researchers suggest binding each sensor to a specific receiver so the datastream cannot be tapped .
This data traffic could also be encrypted to reduce the chance that it could be used for malicious purposes .
Tako pravi Slovenka Silvia Güllsdorf , projektna direktorica najnovejšega volva S80 .
Pred 36 leti se je po srednji šoli ločila od družine , od desetih bratov in sestra v Nunski Grabi pri Ljutomeru , in je odšla na Švedsko .
Pri Volvu je začela kot delavka za proizvodnim trakom .
Potem pa sta pridnost in sposobnost Prlekinjo gnali naprej : delavska nadzornica , nato proizvodna tehnica pri volvu serije 700 v dveh švedskih tovarnah .
Ob tem se je tehnično izobraževala , postala je članica inženirske skupine , odgovorna za notranjost , električne in klimatsko napravo v seriji 850 , to pa je bil prvi volvo , ki so ga povsem izdelali na tujem - v belgijskem Ghentu .
Nato je skrbela za kakovost izdelkov s sodelovanjem s strankami in prodajalci .
Sledilo je imenovanje za tehnično projektno voditeljico druge generacije XC70 , ko je opravila to nalogo , pa je postala odgovorna za konceptna nova vozila Volvo , ki so jih razvijali .
Tako je sodelovala tudi pri razvoju izredno atraktivnega volva SCC ( Safety Concept Car ) , pred dvema letoma pa je postala projektna voditeljica druge generacije S80 .
Volvo S80 je zapeljal med kupce , ta naloga je tudi končana .
Kaj vas čaka zdaj ?
Projekt volvo S80 še ni povsem končan .
Avto je zapeljal na evropske trge , a zdaj ga moramo poslati na prodajno pot še v Ameriki .
Potem pa me čakajo novi delovni izzivi : pri Fordovi luksuzni skupini ( PAG - kamor sodijo Land Rover , Jaguar in Aston Martin ) bom skrbela za predstavitve in tržno uvajanje novih modelov teh znamk .
Sedanjo prodajo modela S80 nameravate potrojiti - s ciljem pri 65.000 avtih na leto - kar ne bo mogoče zgolj s sicer nadvse zvestimi kupci Volva ?
Res so naši kupci zelo lojalni .
A teh za uresničitev ciljev ni dovolj : to pomeni , da jih bomo skušali prevzeti drugim znamkam , konkretneje - od desetih naših kupcev jih bo moralo biti skoraj sedem novih , med njimi tudi bistveno mlajši kot doslej .
" Vaš " volvo S80 kaže nekaj skandinavske tradicije , a je usmerjen tudi naprej ?
Res je v njem še zaznati tradicijo , zlasti tisto , po kateri je bil Volvo vedno znan : varnost , kakovostna izdelava , zdržljivost .
Toda želeli smo si narediti sodoben avto in se prilagoditi tudi mlajšim kupcem , ki so danes vsi vezani na računalnike .
Novincu ste namenili zmogljivejše motorje , s tehniko poudarili dinamičnost , sicer sodobnejša oblika pa le skriva skandinavsko enostavnost in funkcionalnost ?
Mislimo , da mora biti avto načeloma tehnološko sodoben , a za voznika še vedno enostaven , da mu ne otežuje vožnje , ampak jo poenostavlja , skratka , da je človeku prijazen in da se avto takoj z njim ujame .
Sploh ni pomembno , da ima veliko gumbov in lučk , nasprotno , zagotoviti mora čim manj stresno - tega je že sicer v življenju preveč - vožnjo s preprostim in varnim upravljanjem .
Govorite , kot da naj bi nas avto sproščal ?
Saj nas mora .
Ogromno ljudi preživi v avtu veliko časa , tega pa vsem primanjkuje , zlasti za sprostitev .
Zato si želimo , da avto ne bi bil le prevozno sredstvo , ampak prijeten otoček , kjer bi se voznik in sopotniki spočili , da bi po vožnji vstali iz avta bolj sproščeni , kot so vanj sedli .
K temu naj jim pomagajo tudi sodobne avdio in video naprave , pa komunikacijski sistemi .
Ampak ne zato , da bi jih spodbujali k večnemu pogovarjanju med vožnjo .
Ste Slovenka na pomembnem položaju v Volvu .
Ob vas je še precej ljudi različnih narodnosti .
Je ta ljudska pestrost tudi ustvarjalno učinkovita ?
Praksa že tako kaže .
Različni pogledi uslužbencev obeh spolov , narodnosti , kultur , veroizpovedi se zdijo na prvi pogled bolj zapleteni .
Res je voditi strokovno razpravo nekaj težje , a je zagotovo bolj ustvarjalna .
Ko se dogovorimo , iz te mešanice nastane neka esenca , ki zanesljivo uspešno vodi k skupaj dogovorjenemu cilju .
Bi se vrnili v Slovenijo , tovarna Revoz je lahko za vas pravo ustvarjalno okolje ?
Vse je odvisno od vabila oziroma ponudbe ( smeh ) .
Vedno velja , da nosi človek v srcu kraje , v katerih je pognal korenine .
Tako bi svoje izkušnje in znanje rade volje delila s sodelavci v novomeški tovarni .
Ja , mislim , da bi bilo to zelo zanimivo .
We can dye gray hair , lift sagging skin or boost lost hearing , but no visit to the day spa would be able to hide a newly discovered genetic marker for the toll that time takes on our cells .
“ We ’ve found something that is at the core of aging , ” said Stuart Kim , PhD , professor of developmental biology and of genetics at the Stanford University School of Medicine .
In a study to be published in the July 21 issue of Public Library of Science - Genetics , Kim and colleagues report finding a group of genes that are consistently less active in older animals across a variety of species .
The activity of these genes proved to be a consistent indicator of how far a cell had progressed toward its eventual demise .
Until now , researchers have studied genes that underlie aging in a single animal , such as flies or mice , or in different human tissues .
However , a protein associated with aging in one species may not be relevant to the aging function in a different animal .
This limitation had made it difficult to study the universal processes involved in aging .
Kim ’s work overturns a commonly held view that all animals , including humans , age like an abandoned home .
Slowly but surely the windows break , the shingles fall off and floorboards rot , but there ’s no master plan for the decay .
That theory has left open questions about why tortoises and rockfish are still partying like 20 - somethings at an age when humans are considered relics .
At the other end of the spectrum , flies die off before young humans can even focus their eyes .
Clearly , not all cells fall apart at the same rate .
“ Aging is n’t like the speed of light ; it ’s not a constant , ” said Kim .
Why animals and even people age at different rates prompted Kim to look deeper into the processes that control aging .
His new study suggests that the cell has a molecular homeowner that keeps up repairs until a predetermined time , when the owner picks up the welcome mat and moves out .
Once that process kicks off , the decay happens as a matter of course .
The homeowners in tortoise cells stick around for hundreds of years delaying the decay , while those in fly cells move out within weeks .
Although Kim ’s work does n’t identify what triggers that process , it does provide a way of detecting the point a cell has reached in its life span .
In the study , Kim and his colleagues looked at which genes were actively producing protein and at what level in flies and mice in a range of ages and in tissue taken from the muscle , brain and kidney of 81 people ranging in age from 20 to 80 .
The group used a microarray , which can detect the activity level of all genes in a cell or tissue .
Genes that are more active are thought to be making more proteins .
One group of genes consistently made less protein as cells aged in all of the animals and tissues the group examined .
These genes make up the cellular machinery called the electron transport chain , which generates energy in the cell ’s mitochondria .
Kim said the gene activity is a better indicator of a cell ’s relative maturity than a person ’s birthday .
One 41 - year - old participant had gene activity similar to that of people 10 to 20 years older ; muscle tissue from the participant also appeared similar to that of older people .
Likewise , the sample from a 64 - year - old participant , whose muscles looked like those of a person 30 years younger , also showed gene activity patterns similar to a younger person .
These results confirm Kim ’s assumption that the rate of aging is at least in part genetically determined .
Those study participants whose tissues appeared younger than their true age had something – something dearly sought by aging researchers – that made their cells keep activating genes in a more youthful pattern .
The question is :
What causes the electron transport chain genes to slow their protein production and why ?
And why , if tortoises can live hundreds of years , do flies self - destruct in a matter of weeks ?
Kim thinks there must be some reason behind when an animal ’s cells are programmed to begin falling apart .
He points out that most animals begin to grow old at around the age when they would normally meet their demise in the wild .
It ’s no coincidence , Kim noted , that 90 percent of mice get eaten in the first year and that mice start growing old in the lab at around that age .
Kim suggests that aging would n’t have to happen if cells were n’t programmed to fail .
With a marker for aging in hand , he thinks future research will reveal what drives the process .
“ People think of aging and taxes as unavoidable , ” Kim said , “ but in the case of aging , that ’s not true . ”
Source : Stanford University Medical Center
Jim is the Chief Communications Officer of Accion , a global nonprofit focused on financial inclusion .
There , he leads all aspects of brand and strategic communications .
Previously , Jim was UNICEF 's Chief of Digital Strategy , where he led digital transformation resulting in strong growth in reach and engagement , as well as a 2015 Webby for video .
Twiplomacy named UNICEF the most effective organization of its type on Twitter .
Jim has nearly 20 years of media and communications experience .
As the World Bank Group 's Head of Online & Social Media , Jim played a key role to create a coherent , global approach to digital communications , introducing the Bank to a new , younger audience in emerging markets .
At the World Bank Group , Jim was also a regional web editor covering South Asia and managed outreach for the inclusive fintech program housed at CGAP .
As a journalist , Jim was an award - winning business reporter for WAMU - FM , " Marketplace , " and a producer for the Australian Broadcasting Corporation and XM Satellite Radio .
A state attorney general ’s investigation into letters apparently designed to suppress Latino voter turnout in Orange County for the upcoming election is focusing on the campaign of Republican congressional candidate Tan Nguyen , according to people familiar with the inquiry .
Nguyen , who has made halting illegal immigration part of his platform , is running an underdog campaign to unseat Rep. Loretta Sanchez , who represents Santa Ana and is Orange County ’s only Democratic member of Congress .
For the record : For The Record
Los Angeles Times Monday October 23 , 2006 Home Edition Main News Part A Page 2 National Desk 1 inches ; 51 words Type of Material : Correction
Tan Nguyen :
An article in Thursday ’s California section on an investigation into a letter that was apparently meant to suppress Latino voter turnout in Orange County said that state attorney general ’s investigators had interviewed Republican congressional candidate Tan Nguyen .
They went to his campaign office but were unable to find him .
In a fast - moving examination that began just days after the letters were mailed , sources said investigators tracked down the location where they were printed and mailed to an estimated 14,000 Democratic voters in central Orange County .
Atty .
Gen. Bill Lockyer , appearing Wednesday on the Patt Morrison show on 89.3 KPCC FM , said his office believes it knows who financed the letters , but said interviews were still being conducted and declined to provide further detail .
Advertisement
“ That ’s the preliminary assessment , that there were one or more Republican candidates for office that were associated with this effort , ” Lockyer said .
A spokesman for Lockyer declined to elaborate .
But two sources with direct knowledge of the inquiry said investigators were focusing on Nguyen ’s campaign , and a third said agents had interviewed Nguyen at his office .
Separately , county Registrar Neal Kelley sent a memo to Orange County supervisors informing them that the investigation is “ now focusing on a congressional candidate . ”
He declined to elaborate beyond the memo .
Nguyen did not return requests for comment left on his cellphone and campaign voicemails , and there was no response to an e-mail sent to his campaign .
There was no response to messages left for campaign workers at their homes , and his campaign office was closed Wednesday evening .
Advertisement
Sanchez ’s office also did not return telephone calls seeking comment .
The letter , which purports to be from a Huntington Beach - based group , warns that immigrants will not be permitted to vote in the election .
It also warns that the state has developed a tracking system that will allow the names of Latino voters to be handed over to anti-immigrant groups .
“ You are advised that if your residence in this country is illegal or you are an immigrant , voting in a federal election is a crime that could result in jail time , ” the letter , written in Spanish , says .
Nguyen has made cracking down on illegal immigration a centerpiece of his race , and his campaign materials feature a picture of him putting up a sign that says “ Stop illegal immigration . ”
Advertisement
Until now , the campaign for the 47th Congressional District had generated little notice , and though it has historically been a competitive seat , Sanchez is expected to cruise to reelection .
Democrats hold a 5 - percentage point voter registration advantage , though there are a large number of decline - to - state voters .
Latinos make up 35 % of registered voters in the district , Asians make up 18 % .
“ He ’s not popular with the Republican Party down there , ” said Allan Hoffenblum , a longtime Republican consultant and publisher of the California Target Book , an insiders ’ guide to handicapping political races .
“ Nobody seems to be paying any attention to it . ”
The district partly overlaps with the 34th state Senate District , where Supervisor Lou Correa , a Democrat , is locked in a tough election battle with former Assemblywoman Lynn Daucher , a Republican .
Advertisement
The letterhead resembles that of California Coalition for Immigration Reform , a group that advocates tightening the border , among other things .
But the group ’s founder , Barbara Coe , said she did not know the person who signed the letter -- “ Sergio Ramirez ” -- and that she did not authorize it and was unaware of anyone in her group who might have .
Coe said she was questioned Wednesday for several hours by two investigators from the attorney general ’s office .
Investigators “ asked if I knew Loretta Sanchez , ” Coe said .
“ I said I know of her .
I told them it ’s been a tried and failed relationship . ”
The letter ’s assertion that immigrants can’t vote is untrue , because immigrants who become naturalized citizens can register to vote .
An undocumented immigrant who voted could be subject to deportation and jail , but the letter ’s assertion that the state had developed a computer system that would make it easy to track down immigrants and illegal residents is also false .
Advertisement
A wide swath of public officials have decried the letter .
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger called them “ a despicable act of political intimidation and a hate crime . ”
Scott Baugh , chairman of the Orange County Republican Party , said : “ The letter was grotesque and obnoxious , and , if it ’s a crime , the offender should be prosecuted . ”
Frank Barbaro , chairman of the Orange County Democratic Party , said Wednesday he had asked Kelley to send a letter to the original recipients telling them to disregard the previous one .
“ I have never seen such a backlash , ” Barbaro said .
“ This is the stupidest thing I have ever seen . ”
christian.berthelsen
@latimes.com , jennifer.deslon@latimes.com
Advertisement
Times staff writer Mai Tran contributed to this report .
Deep Level Shelter Tunnels
Note :
You can see many of the features described below in a modern day tour of a deep level shelter I partook in on 19th March 2004 along with another visit to Clapham North deep level shelter made on 12th December 2006 .
As congestion on the Northern Line increased in the '30s , a plan was developed to build a second pair of tunnels in parallel with the Charing Cross branch of the Northern Line that would act as an express route through London .
These plans were shelved at the outset of the Second World War , but as the platforms of the Underground became increasingly used by the general public overnight as air raid shelters ( despite being initially discouraged ) , work began in 1940 on building deep level shelters which were envisaged to eventually become the platform tunnels for the express route .
The stations on the Northern Line with shelters
Construction
Ten shelters were originally planned - five to the north of the Thames and five to the south .
All of these were to eventually form part of the Northern Line express route apart from Chancery Lane and St. Pauls , which were associated with the Central Line .
The stations on the Northern Line that were equipped with extra tunneling are : Belsize Park , Camden Town , Goodge Steet , Stockwell , Clapham North , Clapham Common , Clapham South .
Work on St. Pauls was abandoned in 1941 for fear of damaging the cathedral 's foundations and also work ceased on a shelter at Oval soon after , due to extensive flooding .
It is unknown whether Oval would have been included in the express route .
Above ground , each shelter 's shafts were protected by specially constructed ' pill box ' buildings to prevent any bombs that directly hit the location from going underground .
Each pill box housed lift machinery and provided the cover for spiral staircases down to the shelter 's tunnels .
3D layout of a typical deep level shelter
Each shelter consisted of two parallel tunnels that were 16ft 6in ( approx . 4.9 m ) in diameter and were 1400ft ( approx . 427m ) in length .
Two pairs of shafts were sunk for each shelter , with the pairs being sited a distance from each other in case a bomb struck , blocking a shaft .
At each location , one shaft was for the spiral staircase and lift , the other a narrower ventilation shaft .
The two tunnels were interconnected at various places along their length .
A floor was constructed at the horizontal diameter level of the tunnel , providing two decks of accommodation .
Ventilation , medical , and catering facilities were provided and electricity was obtained from two sources in case bombing caused one to fail - the local authority and the London Underground system , which had its own power station at Lotts Road .
The spiral staircases were constructed in the form of a double helix .
One staircase would lead to the upper deck , the other to the lower .
This was to allow shelterers to be able to quickly access their destination deck with minimum confusion .
On the whole , the upper and lower decks were run independently , though access between decks was provided in the mid-point and at both end of the tunnels .
The lift would have access to both upper and lower decks , but was not meant to be used by shelterers .
Toilet facilities were constructed near the lift shafts , with the sewage being periodically hydraulically pumped up a rising main to a sewer close to surface level .
There was storage capacity of 5 days for sewage should the hydraulic mechanism fail for some reason .
Water was supplied from the local water supply , but should this fail , each shaft was equipped with a 3000 gallon tank of water near the surface .
Capacity
Each shelter was originally designed to house up to 12,000 people but by the time they were built , the number of bunks had been dropped to a more comfortable 8,000 .
Bunks were arranged along the walls in various configurations , to maximise use of space .
Ventilation
Ventilation is vital in such a confined environment and a lot of thought was given to this .
Air entered the shelter through the entrances and flowed down the spiral staircases , along the connecting tunnels into the shelter area .
Stale air was then sucked out of the shelter through metal pipes in the roof ( top deck ) and under the floor ( bottom deck ) .
A fan pumped the air up a specially constructed ventilation shaft , out into a 30ft high tower so that it exhausted well away from the fresh air entering at ground level .
When the fans were run at maximum power , the air in the shelter would be completely changed 15 times an hour .
The air was filtered in case of gas attack .
All doors were gas seals when closed , and should there be an attack , the entrance doorways would be shut , with the air passing through grilles in the roof of the pill box ( clearly visible on the Goodge Street picture below ) and through gas filtration equipment .
Location
It was hoped that when their wartime use had come to an end , tunneling would re-start to allow the already constructed tunnel sections to be interconnected , providing the express Northern Line route .
For this reason , most shelters were constructed with ease of access to the existing Northern Line in mind .
All of these shelters were constructed close to and in parallel with the existing platform tunnels of nearby stations on the Northern Line , and have interconnection tunnels with the existing platforms .
In some cases , these interconnections have since been blocked .
Cross section of shelter and Underground platforms at Goodge Street
Use During the War
Most of the shelters took about a year and a half to complete , but amazingly , the government got cold feet about using them as public shelters as they were incredibly expensive to maintain .
Several of the shelters were re-purposed .
Goodge Street became Genereal Eisenhower 's headquarters , some were converted for government use while others were used as army barracks , to house troops in transit .
It took the advent of the flying bombs ( V1 and later V2 ) to convince the government that they should be used as they were originally intended and some were converted back to be used as public shelters .
After the War
After the Second World War came to an end , plans to create the express route stayed on the shelf , and were then ultimately dropped as money for the project was n't available .
Most of the shelters found post war use initially as accommodation for the army in transit and most are today in use as storage facilities .
As they were now being used for other purposes , all the deep level shelters were isolated from their associated active Underground stations , in most cases the interconnection tunnels being bricked up .
Belsize Park deep level shelter being used for document storage .
In places , the original World War Two bunk beds are now used as shelving .
Goodge Street
The deep level tunnels at Goodge Street have had a particularly interesting history ; during the Second World War , they were equipped as General Eisenhower 's headquarters and since then they have been used as an army transit camp until a serious ( but non-fatal ) fire closed the camp on the night of May 21st 1956 .
Officials were alarmed by the fire and deep level shelters were no longer considered suitable for accommodation .
Since then , several of these tunnels have been used to store archived material with Goodge Street 's tunnels now being used to store films and video tape .
One of Goodge Street 's pill box entrances has been smartly decorated by the company currently in occupation and it has been named The Eisenhower Centre in in memory of the American President who used it as his Second World War command centre ( Yes , that 's spelt correctly though arguably it should be " center " as he was an American :-) ) .
Belsize Park
On 19th March 2004 , I visited Belsize Park deep level station to see what has survived from the tunnel 's war time era .
It 's surprising how little has been removed in the 50 years since they were last used as shelters and interesting to see how its current occupier has creatively adapted some of the original fixtures for their own use .
Follow me for a virtual tour of Belsize Park deep level shelter , as it is today !
Alternatively click on the ... thing below , which we discovered in one part of the complex !
Clapham North
On December 12th 2006 , I and a small group of people local to Clapham were given the rare opportunity to visit this site shortly before it was leased out for doccument storage .
Unlike Belsize Park , this location has been stripped bare and was completely empty so provided a fascinating opportunity to see the tunnel infrastructure and how it was put together .
Find out more about what we saw and to see a significant new collection of pictures that I took on the visit , including many presented at a higher resolution than I normally use on this page !
Other Deep Level Structures
A similar plan to provide an express route was envisaged for a stretch of the Metropolitan Line between Earl 's Court and Mansion House .
Again this was abandoned though part of the project was incorporated into the stretch of the Piccadilly Line between Earl 's Court and South Kensington .
An abandoned platform tunnel still existed for years as the only tangible vestige of this project at South Kensington whose locked entrance can still be seen through a ventilation grille on the west bound Piccadilly Line platform .
The tunnel itself has since been lost when the escalators were built and the doorway now effectively opens onto a wall .
There 's quite a bit of further reading about the deep level shelters on the web .
I reccomend you start by looking at Subterrania Britannica 's contribution .
Last modified : December 19th 2006
Back to Underground History main page
3d underground projection was provided by Subterranea Britannica - original source unknown .
All material on this page , unless otherwise stated is © 2004 , Hywel Williams , all rights reserved .
Contact the Author
Writing in PLoS Medicine , John Ioannidis says :
There is increasing concern that in modern research , false findings may be the majority or even the vast majority of published research claims .
However , this should not be surprising .
It can be proven that most claimed research findings are false .
Ioannidis presents a Bayesian analysis of the problem which most people will find utterly confusing .
Here ’s the idea in a diagram .
Suppose there are 1000 possible hypotheses to be tested .
There are an infinite number of false hypotheses about the world and only a finite number of true hypotheses so we should expect that most hypotheses are false .
Let us assume that of every 1000 hypotheses 200 are true and 800 false .
It is inevitable in a statistical study that some false hypotheses are accepted as true .
In fact , standard statistical practice guarantees that at least 5 % of false hypotheses are accepted as true .
Thus , out of the 800 false hypotheses 40 will be accepted as “ true , ” i.e. statistically significant .
It is also inevitable in a statistical study that we will fail to accept some true hypotheses ( Yes , I do know that a proper statistician would say “ fail to reject the null when the null is in fact false , ” but that is ugly ) .
It ’s hard to say what the probability is of not finding evidence for a true hypothesis because it depends on a variety of factors such as the sample size but let ’s say that of every 200 true hypotheses we will correctly identify 120 or 60 % .
Putting this together we find that of every 160 ( 120+40 ) hypotheses for which there is statistically significant evidence only 120 will in fact be true or a rate of 75 % true .
( By the way , the multiplying factors in the diagram are for those who wish to compare with Ioannidis ’s notation . )
Ioannidis says most published research findings are false .
This is plausible in his field of medicine where it is easy to imagine that there are more than 800 false hypotheses out of 1000 .
In medicine , there is hardly any theory to exclude a hypothesis from being tested .
Want to avoid colon cancer ?
Let ’s see if an apple a day keeps the doctor away .
No ?
What about a serving of bananas ?
Let ’s try vitamin C and do n’t forget red wine .
Studies in medicine also have notoriously small sample sizes .
Lots of studies that make the NYTimes involve less than 50 people – that reduces the probability that you will accept a true hypothesis and raises the probability that the typical study is false .
So economics does ok on the main factors in the diagram but there are other effects which also reduce the probability the typical result is true and economics has no advantages on these – see the extension .
Sadly , things get really bad when lots of researchers are chasing the same set of hypotheses .
Indeed , the larger the number of researchers the more likely the average result is to be false !
The easiest way to see this is to note that when we have lots of researchers every true hypothesis will be found to be true but eventually so will every false hypothesis .
Thus , as the number of researchers increases , the probability that a given result is true goes to the probability in the population , in my example 200/ 1000 or 20 percent .
A meta analysis will go some way to fixing the last problem so the point is not that knowledge declines with the number of researchers but
rather that with lots of researchers every crackpot theory will have at least one scientific study that it can cite in it ’s support .
The meta analysis approach , however , will work well only if the results that are published reflect the results that are discovered .
But editors and referees ( and authors too ) like results which reject the null – i.e. they want to see a theory that is supported not a paper that says we tried this and this and found nothing ( which seems like an admission of failure ) .
Brad DeLong and Kevin Lang wrote a classic paper suggesting that one of the few times that journals will accept a paper that fails
to reject the null is when the evidence against the null is strong ( and thus failing to reject the null is considered surprising and
important ) .
DeLong and Lang show that this can result in a paradox .
Taken on its own , a paper which fails to reject the null provides evidence in favor of the null , i.e. against the alternative hypothesis and so should increase the probability that a rational person thinks the null is true .
But when a rational person takes into account the selection effect , the fact that the only time papers which fail to reject the null are published is when the evidence against the null is strong , the publication of a paper failing to reject the null can cause him to increase his belief in the alternative theory !
What can be done about these problems ?
( Some cribbed straight from Ioannidis and some my own suggestions . )
1 ) In evaluating any study try to take into account the amount of background noise .
That is , remember that the more hypotheses which are tested and the less selection which goes into choosing hypotheses the more likely it is that you are looking at noise .
2 ) Bigger samples are better .
( But note that even big samples wo n’t help to solve the problems of observational studies which is a whole other problem ) .
3 ) Small effects are to be distrusted .
4 ) Multiple sources and types of evidence are desirable .
5 ) Evaluate literatures not individual papers .
6 ) Trust empirical papers which test other people ’s theories more than empirical papers which test the author ’s theory .
7 ) As an editor or referee , do n’t reject papers that fail to reject the null .
If emissions of heat - trapping gases continue to accumulate in the atmosphere at the current rate , there may be many centuries of warming and a near - total loss of Arctic tundra , according to a new climate study .
Over all , the world would experience profound transformations , some potentially beneficial but many disruptive , and all at a pace rarely seen in nature , said the authors of the study , being published today in The Journal of Climate .
" The question is no longer whether we will need to address this problem , but when we will need to address the problem , " said Kenneth Caldeira , an author of the study and a climate expert at the Carnegie Institution 's Department of Global Ecology , based at Stanford University .
" We can either address it now , before we severely and irreversibly damage our climate , or we can wait until irreversible damage manifests itself strongly , " Dr. Caldeira said .
" If all we do is try to adapt , things will get worse and worse . "
In the 5 years since I started making my first wrist watch much has happened .
As my abilities have increased so have my demands on my own work .
The machining has improved from close enough to CNC precision .
The movement finishing has gone from rustical brushing to glowing côtes de Genève and polished bevels .
But I have never tried to hide the fact that my watches are all hand made .
The cases are cast and finished by hand , meaning that the lugs may not be 100 % perfectly symetrical .
The hands are roughly cut by CNC , but the final shape is given , the final rounded form and the final polishing done by hand , making each one a unique piece .
I have arrived at a level of competence where I am comfortable with the possibility of selling my watches .
If my watchmaking style is to your liking and you prize personal work done by hand as opposed to mass produced anonomity , please contact me about the possibility of having a watch made for you .
Don Corson
To contact me and see more about my watches -> www.corson.ch
Now on to the making of my first watch ..... which remains the watch that I wear almost every day :)
May 2017
See also my pendulum clocks at Ingenieur du Temps
In these days of “ fast ” and “ convenient ” I decided to commence a work of “ painstaking ” and “ craftsmanship ” , making my own wristwatch .
I have had the idea for a certain arrangement of the watch dial , as on the image at the right , for a while now .
My investigations into available movements showed that no production movement would give me this layout .
After a long period of indecision and wondering what I was really getting myself into I decided to make my own movement , followed by the case and dial .
That is a big jump , but we engineers are used to creating things that did n’t exist before so it was mostly the craftsmanship portion of the work that worried me .
Am I able to do this watchmakers work , work at such a small scale ?
To put the chances on my side I decided to do two things : 1 ) take the watchmaking correspondence course of the BHI , which gave me a lot of the basic skills , but which I have to admit I have n’t even finished the first of three years , and 2 ) make a complete CAD model of the movement and watch before starting .
My first attempt at making a movement was to make one with all the pinions in a straight line .
A simplified movement with the largest possible expansion , to be able to see and work on everything as easily as possible .
Even so that first attempt at a movement was not crowned with success .
But one learns fastest through failure and the attempt to fathom why , despite ones best efforts , things did not go right .
And learn I did .
The following are posts I made to an Internet watchmaking forum describing the advancement of my work during the course of almost a year .
From a few square pieces of cold brass to a working movement in a one - of - a - kind case .
One of the joys of this work was the constant changes in skillset needed .
From machinist to watchmaker to silversmith , etc. .
As such the work is never boring , never repetitive , always new challenges and unknowns to be overcome .
The articles below describe the work to make this watch in approximately chronological order starting with cutting the first pieces of brass .
At that time I had already spent about 6 months making a complete 3D CAD model of the movement and case along with production drawings of each piece I was going to make .
Without such complete preparation such a project is doomed to failure from the beginning .
And in spite this preparation , there was still enough that got changed underway or that I discovered that I had forgotten .
I hope that you enjoy following this odyssey into the very esoteric world of watchmaking .
September 2007
Watch Nr.2 is finished and beyond my expectations , click here
to see its evolution from bare brass to a finished watch .
August 2008
Watch Nr.3 is finished , the Dresdener Regulator , inspired by a pocket watch made by Seyffert in 1807 in Dresden .
Click here to see more .
NEW : April 2009
Watch Nr.4 is finished , another the Dresdener Regulator , this time in a rose gold case .
Click here to see more .
Some time ago there was a political conflict between Russian and the small country on its South called “ Georgia ” .
Georgia is a part of former Soviet Union , so most of people there speak Russian and a lot of Georgian people live and work in Russia , because average monthly salary in Georgia does n’t exceed $ 30 ( compared to $ 400 in Russia ) .
Also there are some Russian army troops in Georgia since Soviet Union times .
So there was a conflict and major American news agencies mentioned this conflict in their news reports .
But it seemed so that some people in USA did n’t understand that there is another Georgia and made a big discussion in Yahoo newsgroups .
They were really shocked to learn that USA state Georgia is invaded with Russians .
Look this screenshot of Yahoo newsgroups :
Comments were like this :
“ WHY IS THE RUSSIAN ARMY IN ATLANTA ?
I WANT ANSWERS DAMMIT !!! ”
“ RUSSIA OUT OF U.S. NOW !!!!!!!
… GEORGIA NOW …WHO`S NEXT ?
FLORIDA ? , …AND THEN WHO ???
THIS MUST STOP !!!! ”
“ WHY ARE PUTIN ’S TROOPS IN ATLANTA ?
have not head of this until now – this is outrageous ! ”
Reuters
WHEN Apple launched the iPod nano , the slimmest incarnation to date of its prized music player , last September , it attracted plenty of attention .
While consumers swooned over its sleek design , analysts were more likely to hail it as a turning point for the storage industry .
Whereas the original iPod used a relatively bulky , power - hungry hard - disk drive to store music , the iPod nano instead relies on small , silent and sturdy “ flash ” memory chips , which retain data even when the power is switched off .
It is a vivid illustration of the way in which flash memory is marching into markets previously dominated by other storage technologies : not just hard disks in music players , but photographic film in cameras and magnetic tape in camcorders .
Flash is everywhere .
Digital cameras use plug - in flash cards to store photos .
Flash - based memory sticks , or keychain drives , have dethroned floppy disks as the easiest way to carry data around .
Mobile phones and handheld computers use flash memory to store software , documents , music tracks and photographs .
Then there is all the flash you do n't see , quietly storing settings and configuration data in cars , games consoles , printers , modems , satellite - positioning systems , and so on .
In 2005 global sales of flash chips exceeded $ 19 billion , says Alan Niebel , a semiconductor analyst at Web - Feet Research .
That is enough to buy roughly 40 megabytes of flash for each person on earth .
Such is the demand in consumer products that in November Intel and Micron Technology , two big chipmaking firms that are normally competitors , established a $ 5 billion joint - venture , called IM Flash Technologies .
Meanwhile , flash continues to expand its influence .
Japanese camcorder - makers have been offering flash support ( which allows video to be recorded directly to flash cards ) for several years and , at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas in January , Sanyo previewed what it claims is the first camcorder able to record high - definition video to a flash - memory card .
It goes on sale this month , just two years after the first hard - disk - based camcorder appeared and four years after the advent of the first camcorders able to generate recordable DVDs .
Every storage technology , it seems , is threatened with replacement by flash .
Admittedly , the Sanyo camera records only about 20 minutes of high - definition video on to a one gigabyte flash card .
But as such cards shoot up in capacity and tumble in price , the gap with other storage media will narrow .
And , as the iPod nano demonstrates , capacity is not everything : an iPod nano with four gigabytes of flash storage sells for around $ 250 , just $ 50 less than a “ traditional ” iPod based around a 30 - gigabyte hard disk .
Flash - based products may have less storage capacity at a given price point , but they are smaller , sleeker , more robust and require less battery power than devices based on mechanical storage technologies , which boosts their appeal .
Flashback
The origins of flash memory go back to 1967 , when Simon Sze and Dawon Kahng , two researchers working at Bell Labs in New Jersey , devised a new type of semiconductor memory device in which information could be stored and updated , and which was “ non-volatile ” — which means it retained its contents even when the power is switched off .
This was a novelty , since most semiconductor memory was either random - access memory ( RAM ) , the contents of which can be changed — but which forgets everything the moment the power goes ; or read - only memory ( ROM ) , which never forgets , but can not be reprogrammed .
The beauty of the researchers ' design lay in its simplicity .
It required just a minor modification to a field - effect transistor , the basic building block of most microchips .
Transistors use a small voltage , applied to the “ gate ” of the transistor , to control the flow of a large current .
The zeroes and ones of digital information that whizz around inside a computer correspond to whether individual transistors are switched on or off .
The researchers ' innovation was to add a second gate to the middle of the transistor , called a “ floating ” gate because it is insulated by a thin oxide layer .
( The transistor 's original gate is known as the “ control ” gate . )
Initially , the floating gate does not interfere with the working of the transistor .
But applying a suitable voltage across the oxide layer causes electrons to “ tunnel ” through it and become trapped on the floating gate , where they are stuck even if the power is disconnected .
If there are enough electrons on the floating gate , it starts to interfere with the working of the transistor , so that a voltage applied to the control gate no longer controls the flow of current through the transistor .
Whether current flows through the transistor or not can be detected using external circuitry .
The modified transistor can thus serve as a memory cell .
When no electrons are on the floating gate , and the transistor works normally , it represents a one ; and when electrons are trapped on the floating gate , so that the transistor stops working , the cell is deemed to represent a zero .
Crucially , the process can also be reversed : a suitable voltage across the oxide layer applied in the opposite direction causes the electrons to “ tunnel ” back off the floating gate , restoring the transistor to its original state and resetting the stored value to a one .
The cell is therefore both programmable and non-volatile .
“ Flash will increasingly compete with hard disks to become the preferred storage technology in laptops .
Expect a showdown in the next few years . ”
Dr Sze , who now works at the National Chiao Tung University in Taiwan , recalls the initial reaction to this breakthrough .
“ My boss said ‘ Simon , tell me , what use can you think of for this device ? '
I could not think of anything . ”
As a result , he was told to bury the result in an obscure journal , lest this useless invention draw the ridicule of his peers .
Floating - gate memory did eventually find its way into production , but since it was expensive , it tended to be used in niche applications such as military equipment and the very earliest mobile phones , which were hardly mass - market items .
Then in 1980 , Fujio Masuoka , a researcher at Toshiba , filed a patent for a novel variation on floating - gate memory .
His new invention was dubbed “ flash ” memory , because it allowed entire sections of memory to be erased quickly and easily , by applying a voltage to a single wire connected to a group of cells .
Dr Masuoka 's design was a compromise between flexibility and cost .
Being able to erase each memory cell individually made ordinary floating - gate memory complex , power - hungry and expensive .
Dr Masuoka 's design was less flexible , since it required entire groups of cells to be erased together , but it was far cheaper .
As with floating - gate memory , Dr Masuoka 's idea was not initially appreciated by his superiors .
“ My daily work was to develop a one - megabit RAM , ” he says .
“ At home , after working hours , I worked to develop flash memory . ”
In retrospect , however , his invention was a classic case of a well - prepared mind seeing an opportunity where others had not even realised there was a problem .
Dr Masuoka happened to have a good understanding of the separate fields of computer memory and magnetic - storage systems .
His invention offered a useful compromise : a new means of storing and accessing data files that was faster and more resilient than a hard disk , even if it could not compete with traditional memory ( RAM ) on speed or programming flexibility .
By 1986 Toshiba was producing the first batches of test chips , and two years later Intel licensed the technology and began its own production .
In 1987 Dr Masuoka invented another type of flash memory that could be produced more cheaply and in denser arrays .
That variety is now called NAND flash , to distinguish it from the earlier type , known as NOR flash .
( NOR and NAND are the names of simple circuits that perform logical operations on binary information ; in the context of flash memory , they describe the particular way in which the memory cells are interconnected . )
In the two decades since the first flash chips appeared , thousands of engineers have applied themselves to making the technology smaller , cheaper and better .
Some of their advances are minor miracles of ingenuity , such as the development of “ multi - level ” flash - memory cells .
These work by varying the quantity of electrons trapped on the floating gate , so that rather than preventing the transistor from working altogether , they disable its ability to control the flow of current to various degrees .
Two binary digits ( bits ) of information can then be stored in a single cell , for example , depending on whether it is not working ( 0,0 ) , 33 % working ( 0,1 ) , 66 % working ( 1,0 ) or fully working ( 1,1 ) .
Another feat of flash engineering has been to reduce the density of flash storage by stacking several chips on top of each other .
This involves etching away the underside of the chips until they are almost as thin and as flexible as paper , bonding them together and then connecting them up via electrodes that project slightly out of the edge of the resulting sandwich ( see picture ) .
This trick is particularly favoured by makers of NOR flash , the kind used in mobile phones , where space is at a premium .
Most stacked - chip flash products involve just two chips , though some producers make stacks up to five or six chips tall .
As in the real world , when property gets expensive , engineers build upwards .
As such tricks improve the storage density and reduce the cost of flash memory , it will increasingly compete with hard disks to become the preferred storage technology in laptop computers ; a showdown seems likely in the next few years .
Laptops are portable devices , so any technology that can reduce volume and weight and increase battery life has obvious appeal .
At the same time , however , as fully fledged computers running complex operating systems , laptops require tens of gigabytes of storage .
Battling for the laptop
That is why hard disks are the dominant form of storage in laptops .
But last May , Samsung , a South Korean electronics giant , demonstrated a 16 gigabyte NAND flash drive .
( Samsung is by far the largest producer of NAND flash , with more than 50 % of the market . )
The prototype drive contained 16 one - gigabyte flash chips packed into a standard hard - disk casing , which can slot into any computer .
Being based on flash , however , it weighs half as much as an equivalent hard disk and uses much less power .
Samsung has since announced a two - gigabyte flash chip , which will go into mass production later this year .
The main drawback with such flash drives , when they reach the market , will be their high cost .
The price per gigabyte of flash storage is roughly 100 times that of hard - disk storage .
The cost of a given amount of flash storage is falling all the time , of course , but the same is true of hard disks .
Jim Handy , an analyst at Semico Research , a consultancy , estimates that it would cost around $ 4,000 to buy enough flash memory to replace an average laptop hard disk — a figure that has remained roughly constant for the past five years as laptops ' storage requirements have grown .
In other words , because both technologies continue to evolve , the price - performance gap between flash and hard disks is narrowing slowly , if at all ( see chart ) .
However , says Mr Handy , the price per gigabyte does not give the complete picture .
Hard disks have a fixed cost , independent of capacity , of around $ 100 for their internal mechanical parts .
Flash has no such fixed cost .
So at any given point there exists a range of storage capacities where flash , despite being much more expensive per gigabyte , can compete with hard disks on price .
Today , flash is competitive for capacities of four gigabytes or less — hence its appearance in the iPod nano , which comes in two - gigabyte and four - gigabyte versions .
Above about 20 gigabytes , hard disks win hands down .
In between is a battle zone where the two technologies compete .
And as the price per gigabyte of both technologies falls , the fight shifts to ever higher capacities .
In theory , it is just a matter of time before flash drives become competitive in the 50 - 100 gigabyte range of today 's laptop hard - disk capacities .
Yet each new operating system requires more storage capacity than the last .
In January Microsoft signalled that laptops would need around 80 gigabytes of disk storage to run the next version of its Windows operating system , called Vista .
To further complicate matters , flash has the disadvantage that its memory cells eventually wear out — though the cells in modern flash chips can typically be reprogrammed around 1 m times before this happens .
This is not a problem in a devices that stores largely static files that are read but seldom modified ( such as music tracks on an iPod ) .
But using flash memory in place of a hard disk to store running software , such as an operating system , is a different matter , since information is constantly being modified and updated .
To get around this drawback , flash - memory controllers keep track of how often particular groups of cells have been modified , and move data to different parts of the chip to maximise its lifespan .
And if a fault is detected in a group of cells , that group can be tagged so that it is no longer used .
It is worth remembering , however , that hard disks , particularly those in laptops , also have limited lifespans .
Although flash seems unlikely to replace hard disks just yet , it could soon start to infiltrate laptops in a more gradual way .
Last year Microsoft and Intel demonstrated different ways to combine flash memory with hard - disk drives .
In both cases the flash serves as a temporary storage for frequently used data , reducing the need to access the disk .
This speeds up the rate at which data can be retrieved , enables laptops to wake up more quickly from sleep and extends battery life .
“ Universal memory , the holy grail of storage , would combine the speed of RAM with the non-volatility of flash and the low cost of hard disks . ”
Not everyone is convinced , though .
Mr Handy points out that neat demos usually take a couple of years at least to turn into real products .
And in that time , hard disks will have improved further as well .
Indeed , flash has traditionally done best against storage media that have more or less reached their technological limits , such as photographic film , floppy disks and CDs .
Hard - disk firms , however , continue to innovate at great speed , and are by some measures managing to push down the cost per gigabyte of storage even faster than flash .
Indeed , hard disks have lately been fighting back : both Samsung and Nokia have launched mobile phones that contain tiny hard disks to store music , for example .
And the expected leap in demand for storage capacity , as phones double as TVs and video cameras , plays to hard disks ' strengths .
The quest for the universal memory
This is all a healthy reminder that no storage technology can afford to rest on its laurels .
Indeed , the greatest threat to flash may come from its own success .
Flash chips are , by most estimates , doubling in capacity roughly every year , outdoing even Moore 's law , which predicts a doubling of the number of transistors on processor chips every 18 months .
Sooner or later , this sort of exponential trend , which depends on shrinking each generation of transistors , is going to run into fundamental manufacturing limits .
What new storage technology will step in then ?
The field is wide open .
Mr Niebel of Web - Feet Research says he keeps track of more than 40 pretenders to the flash throne .
Many of them have yet to progress beyond laboratory prototypes .
But one or two have made the leap to fabrication .
Magnetic RAM ( MRAM ) and Ferroelectric RAM ( FRAM ) are , as their names indicate , variations of the RAM used in today 's computers .
These technologies combine the speed and programming flexibility of RAM with the low power consumption and non-volatility of flash .
But to store data , they rely on special materials that respond to magnetic or electric fields , which makes their production trickier .
As a result , prototype chips with more than a megabyte of capacity have begun to appear only in the past couple of years , and will be relegated to specialist markets until they can compete on cost and capacity with other technologies .
A radically different approach to storing data is the Ovonic Unified Memory ( OUM ) , pioneered by Stan Ovshinsky , a highly successful and eclectic serial inventor .
OUM is based on so - called chalcogenide materials , the atomic structure of which can be changed reversibly from a well ordered crystalline state to a disordered , amorphous state by applying a burst of electrical current .
These two states can then be used to represent zeroes and ones .
The technology is faster than flash , has a lifetime of trillions of cycles , and its performance increases as the size of the memory cells is reduced ( since less energy is required to change the state of a smaller cell ) .
Mr Ovshinsky 's firm , Ovonyx , has already made prototype chips in conjunction with STMicroelectronics , a big chipmaking firm , and the results are said to be very promising .
OUM is just one of the candidates in the race to create a “ universal ” memory , the holy grail of the storage industry , which would combine the speed of RAM with the non-volatility of flash and the low cost and high storage - density of hard disks .
Ed Doller , chief technology officer at Intel 's flash - memory division , says the company is following the progress of OUM technology closely .
Although it is not in a position to threaten flash in the next couple of years , he says , “ beyond 2010 , it has legs ” .
View these beautiful 420 photos and graphics and enjoy !
These photos were gathered from around the internet world .
We are striving for the legalization a marijuana in all 50 states .
Web Graphics is a strong supporter of medical marijuana and recreational use worldwide !
View each galleries of flowers , buds , indoor and outdoor grow locations & people enjoying cannabis .
Roy Wilsher , Hertfordshire 's chief fire officer , said there was a possibility Tank 7 could explode so he was withdrawing firefighters in a bid to prevent a " human tragedy on top of an environmental one " .
Mr Wilsher explained that Tank 5 had been extinguished during today 's operation , but had reignited around 3 pm this afternoon .
" This is not much of a problem in itself , but it is nearby Tank 7 .
We 're not sure what 's contained , " he said .
" There is a possibility of extremely volatile fuel . "
Mr Wilsher said the fire service was working with the Environment Agency and experts at the depot to determine the contents of the tank .
" The worse case scenario is the fire will burn itself out , which will take 72 hours , " he said .
Firefighters had managed to extinguish 12 of the 20 burning oil fuel tanks , which was " better than expected " , Mr Wilsher said .
However , in addition to the problem with Tank 7 , several of the remaining burning tanks had collapsed and were protecting the fuel inside .
But Mr Wilsher stressed that this was just a pause in the operation .
" This is a temporary setback and I anticipate we will go back on the offensive as soon as possible , " he said .
This morning , 150 firefighters used 250,000 litres of foam to bring the fire - the biggest industrial fire in peacetime Europe - under control .
The blaze sent a plume of toxic black smoke into the sky after a series of explosions early yesterday morning .
Firefighters tackling the flames with foam mixed into 32,000 litres of water a minute described as like putting " a huge foam blanket on a giant chip pan " .
The deputy prime minister , John Prescott , said the blaze was thought to be an accident but it would take an investigation from the health and safety executive to make sure .
He said casualties were " remarkably light " .
In a statement to parliament , he said 43 people had been in hospital .
Two of those had serious injuries , but the one person who remained in hospital was described as in a stable condition .
A change in the wind and the cooling of the flames could result in an increase in smoke over Hemel Hempstead .
The black plume that has been drifting across southern England is non-toxic but the police are recommending the town 's residents should go indoors and shut the windows if it descends .
Smoke and soot can be an irritant to those with respiratory conditions such as bronchitis or asthma .
Children from 70 schools in the area were told to stay at home today .
Schools in the surrounding boroughs of Berkshire , Buckinghamshire and Bedfordshire were advised to close tomorrow .
The dousing had been due to begin at midnight , but concerns that oil and foam would run off into the water supply meant approval from the Environment Agency did not come until this morning .
Residents and businesses located within the half - mile exclusion zone around Buncefield were invited to a meeting tonight with police , fire service and council officials as well as a representative from Total .
Dacorum borough council said the meeting , to be held at Hemel Hempstead sports centre at 7 pm , would update those most severely affected by the situation .
Mr Wilsher said this morning that the fire service was in " uncharted territory " .
" This is the largest fire of this kind that we in the UK and Europe have dealt with , " he told a briefing earlier today .
" We are not even sure how the thermal currents will affect the foam - it may just vaporise it . "
The foam forms a film on the surface of fuel that prevents it from reigniting .
It is used by all major airports , refineries and other areas where potentially catastrophic fuel fires can occur .
Mr Wilsher said the firefighting plan aimed to keep the water on site .
Six high - volume pumps , with the power of 18 conventional fire engines each , drew water from a lake a mile away from the fire to mix with the foam concentrate .
The blasts shattered windows , dented doors and destroyed roofs of houses nearby , forcing 2,000 residents to be evacuated from their homes .
Media reports in France said the smoke cloud from the Buncefield fire was drifting across the country and heading towards Spain .
Frank Whiteley , the Hertfordshire chief constable , warned that because of the risk of Tank 7 exploding , the cordon surrounding the terminal had been widened and the M1 had again been fully closed between junctions six and 10 in both directions .
High temperatures meant firefighters could initially hope only to stop the flames in the 100 - acre distribution centre from spreading any further .
A " water curtain " kept the flames from the seven unexploded fuel tanks , which each hold more than 3 m gallons of fuel .
The Buncefield depot is a major distribution terminal , storing oil and petrol as well as kerosene , and supplies airports across the region including Heathrow and Luton .
The huge explosions initially sparked fears that there had been a terrorist attack or a plane crash .
Last week , al - Qaida 's deputy leader , Ayman al - Zawahiri , urged militant Islamists to attack oil installations in Muslim countries .
Security sources quickly said there was no indication of " a national security " or criminal connection to the fire .
A few days back , I had posted a mind map of Linux distributions on this blog .
And I received a flood of suggestions , criticisms and ideas .
And guess what ?
I have included ( almost ) all the ideas and suggestions made and have seriously taken into consideration the criticisms as well .
The end result is this updated mind map of GNU / Linux with even more Linux distributions included and some color coding thrown in as well .
But the challenge was in making the mind map retain its clarity even after all these changes .
At the same time , I also wanted to restrict the size of the resultant image .
And I think I have succeeded to a certain extent in this endeavor .
for background on this latest is a series of plateau posts , see Plateau Background , which also has links to all the posts in the series .
The EIA has reported in for April , and find themselves in almost perfect agreement with the IEA ( 84.53 mbpd , versus 84.56 mbpd ) .
Average daily oil production , by month , from EIA and IEA , together with 13 month centered moving averages of each line , recursed once .
Click to enlarge .
Believed to be all liquids .
Graph is not zero - scaled .
Source : IEA Oil Market Reports , and EIA International Petroleum Monthly Table 1.4 .
The IEA line is calculated from the month - on - month production change quoted the following month from their initial report , except for April 2006 which is the initial report .
In my quest for the perfect plateau graph , I made the above which performs the same recursed 13 month centered moving average that we 've been doing for a while .
The innovation is to do it separately for both EIA and IEA ( instead of on the average of them ) .
I combine that with the monthly data for both EIA and the IEA corrected , with just the latest data point from the IEA raw line ( which is shown in purple ) .
It 's really worth a click to get the full - size version .
I think this reveals an interesting fact : historically the IEA have been a shade more pessimistic than the EIA , but they have been reversing roles over the last couple of years .
Anyway - plateau continues , not much news .
April is not a contender for highest month , but nor is it particularly low .
To give us a little more to talk about , I 've been investigating some OPEC countries a little more .
I started making a series of plots for individual countries that show both the EIA and JODI estimates of production , together with the Baker Hughes rig counts for each country .
This is in the interests of distinguishing the " official line " on the OPEC plateau - which is more or less that OPEC has lots of oil , but is n't making the investment to produce it , and the " geological peak oil " theory that OPEC is peaking and could not produce more oil despite efforts to do so .
The truth may well be a hybrid of both theories .
Let 's start with Saudi Arabia :
Average Saudi Arabian daily oil + condensate production , by month , from EIA and JODI , together with Baker - Hughes oil rig count .
January 2000 - April 2006 .
Inset graph shows annual oil consumption and exports according to BP ( including NGL ) .
Click to enlarge .
Source : EIA International Petroleum Monthly Table 1.1a , Baker - Hughes , and BP .
Last green point is from press reports .
In all these graphs , the EIA ( green ) and JODI ( plum ) production curves refer to the left hand scale , while the blue curve is the oil rig count on the right hand scale .
As has been much discussed lately ( both here , and over at Econbrowser ) , Saudi production has begun declining , after a long period of being flat .
Both JODI and the EIA agree on this point .
The Saudis claim they 've cut back deliberately due to lack of demand .
However , that oil rig count just keeps skyrocketing , so I think we 'll keep wondering .
Next up is Iran :
Average Iranian daily oil + condensate production , by month , from EIA and JODI , together with Baker - Hughes oil rig count .
January 2000 - April 2006 , but Baker Hughes data stop in December 2005 .
Inset graph shows annual oil consumption and exports according to BP ( including NGL ) .
Click to enlarge .
Source : EIA International Petroleum Monthly Table 1.1a , Baker - Hughes , and BP .
As you can see , production is also declining in Iran , though the EIA sees this as a more significant trend than the JODI .
However , the rig count response is not nearly as pronounced as in Saudi Arabia .
Rig count was increasing from 2001 - 2004 , but seems to have been fairly flat for the last couple of years .
Possibly the geopolitical instability is affecting anyone 's willingness to send rigs there , or maybe the Iranian 's just are n't in that much of a rush ( preferring to build nuclear power plants ? ) .
Average Kuwaiti daily oil + condensate production , by month , from EIA and JODI , together with Baker - Hughes oil rig count .
January 2000 - April 2006 , but Baker Hughes data stop in December 2005 .
Inset graph shows annual oil consumption and exports according to BP ( including NGL ) .
Click to enlarge .
Source : EIA International Petroleum Monthly Table 1.1a , Baker - Hughes , and BP .
Kuwait 's production has also been flat lately .
Rig count fell dramatically to almost nothing in 2003 , but then recovered and for the last couple of years has been flat at about the level of 2000 .
There is no sign of a herculean effort to increase oil production .
Next comes Iraq :
Average Iraqi daily oil + condensate production , by month , from EIA and JODI , together with Baker - Hughes oil rig count .
January 2000 - April 2006 .
Click to enlarge .
Source : EIA International Petroleum Monthly Table 1.1a , and Baker - Hughes .
Unfortunately , neither JODI or Baker Hughes have any data for Iraq .
The EIA show a general slide in production that extends from the Saddam era through the occupation ( the straight line is a fit to all the data in the graph ) .
However , the last few months have had a bit of a recovery .
Obviously , the future path of production is all dependent on the politico - military situation - there 's lots of undeveloped reserves if the country ever becomes stable enough to develop them .
We conclude with the most mysterious chart : Venezuala .
Average Venezuelan daily oil + condensate production , by month , from EIA and JODI , together with Baker - Hughes oil rig count .
January 2000 - April 2006 , but Baker Hughes data stop in December 2005 .
Inset graph shows annual oil consumption and exports according to BP ( including NGL ) .
Click to enlarge .
Source : EIA International Petroleum Monthly Table 1.1a , Baker - Hughes , and BP .
Several fascinating facts emerge .
Production was declining for about 18 months prior to the attempted coup , and this was closely associated with a decline in rig count ( which fell precipitously at the coup ) .
What was the rig owner 's thought process ?
Since then , rig count has been climbing and has recovered to the 2000 value .
According to the EIA , this has only led to flat production .
However , the JODI has a short sequence of data that paints a radically different picture - much higher , and climbing , production .
What 's going on here ?
I nominate Dave to investigate .
© All Rights Reserved .
Please do not distribute without written permission from Damn Interesting .
This article is marked as ' retired ' .
The information here may be out of date and / or incomplete .
Ever come home from work and plain needed a good stiff drink ?
It seems a fairly common sentiment , but according to new research , the notion that alcohol can curb stress may be an axiom .
Of course , alcohol itself might not be the notorious intoxicant that we think it is .
It could all be a ruse created by advertising gone awry .
Stress is a powerful foe .
It makes the body release catecholamine hormones , epinephrine and norepinephrine , and glucocorticoid hormones , cortisol and cortisone⁠ ⁠ —
I do n’t know what they all mean , but they sound nasty .
“ Stress ” is generally just a catch - all for such things as anxiety , antagonism , tiredness , frustration , distress , overwork , premenstrual tension , over - focusing , confusion , or mourning , and perhaps a strong drink could help with some of these stressors , but not likely .
Where one would hope that a shot would help relieve over - focusing , for example , odds are that it will not .
Instead of alcohol taking the edge off of stress , it turns out that stress will instead diminish the effects of alcohol .
But the effects of alcohol are n’t as profound as you think they are anyhow …
A great deal of alcohol ’s effect is actually the placebo effect .
Victoria University in New Zealand convinced nearly 150 students that they were drinking vodka and tonic with limes , and watched the students partake and shows signs on intoxication , however , they would be hard - pressed to actually get inebriated on what they were really drinking : tonic with limes ⁠⁠— no vodka .
The ambiance was set with a bar and barkeepers , and allowed to imbibe for a while before being shown a set of slides depicting a crime scene .
Despite being stone - sober , those who thought they ’d been drinking recalled details with less accuracy than those who knew they were sober .
But it makes sense .
Alcohol is the nexus of so much human behavior ; often times it is a requirement of fun .
There can be no doubt that drinking can have detrimental effects , however , it seems that much of the time it ’s just an excuse for people to behave in ways that society says they cannot unless they are impaired .
It ’s the placebo effect at work .
So next time she tells you that she only kissed that girl because she was drunk , wonder if she was impaired because she was drinking , or drinking because she wanted to be impaired .
A furious George Galloway today challenged US senators to charge him with perjury over claims that he solicited money from Saddam Hussein 's oil - for - food programme and lied about it under oath .
The US Senate inquiry into the Bethnal Green and Bow MP 's alleged involvement in the saga claims to have discovered $ 150,000 ( £ 85,000 ) in Iraqi oil money in his estranged wife 's bank account .
Its chairman , the Republican senator Norm Coleman , says this means Mr Galloway lied under oath when giving evidence to the senate permanent sub-committee on investigations on May 17 , when he offered a passionate defence against similar claims .
Today Mr Galloway repeated denials that he had ever received any oil cash , and told Mr Coleman to " put up or shut up " by either bringing a prosecution or dropping the allegations .
The Respect MP accused Mr Coleman of orchestrating a " sneak revenge attack " motivated by a desire to avenge his " humiliation " at the hearing in May .
" I am demanding prosecution , I am begging for prosecution , " Mr Galloway told Sky News .
" I am saying if I have lied under oath in front of the senate , that 's a criminal offence .
Charge me and I will head for the airport right now and face them down in court as I faced them down in the senate room .
" Because I publicly humiliated this lickspittle senator Norman Coleman - one of [ George ]
Bush 's righthand men - in the US senate in May , this sneak revenge attack has been launched over the past 24 hours . "
The committee 's new report accuses Mr Galloway of personally soliciting and being granted eight oil allocations totalling 23 m barrels from the Hussein government between 1999 and 2003 .
It claims his estranged wife , Dr Amineh Abu - Zayyad , received approximately $ 150,000 in connection with one allocation of oil .
It also alleges that at least $ 446,000 was funnelled to Mr Galloway 's Mariam Appeal through several allocations .
Senator Coleman said : " I directed the sub - committee to continue its investigation into Mr Galloway because his testimony at the May 17 , 2005 hearing so clearly conflicted with the evidence .
The additional evidence ... clearly demonstrates that the testimony Mr Galloway provided to the sub - committee was false and misleading . "
In its initial report the committee accused the former Labour MP of receiving 20 m barrels of oil from Saddam Hussein 's regime .
Dr Abu -Zayyad is quoted in the report specifically denying she received any money .
Asked whether she or her husband had benefited from Iraqi oil sales , she replied to the committee in writing yesterday : " I have never solicited or received from Iraq or anyone else any proceeds of any oil deals , either for myself or for my former husband . "
The committee attributes its findings to personal interviews with high - level members of the Hussein regime , anonymous oil traders with personal knowledge of Mr Galloway 's involvement and extensive bank records .
It claims that a Jordanian businessman and friend of Mr Galloway's , Fawaz Zureikat , channelled the money from the UN oil - for - food programme to the MP 's former wife and to the Mariam Appeal .
It also cites testimony from the former Iraqi deputy prime minister Tariq Aziz who has been in jail since the US invasion of Iraq and who allegedly told investigators Mr Galloway had requested oil allocations in the name of Mr Zureikat .
The report also quotes the former Iraqi oil minister Amer Rashid as confirming Mr Galloway was granted oil allocations .
The committee then printed alleged documents that it claimed proved the money transfers were made .
A senate aide said the information had been turned over to the US Department of Justice , which potentially had the power to press charges of perjury .
The information will also be given to the British authorities .
The Respect MP recently won £ 150,000 in libel damages after suing the Telegraph over documents published in 2003 , in which he was said to have asked for an increased allocation from the oil - for - food programme .
The newspaper is currently appealing that ruling .
Those tensions erupted publicly last week , to be followed by shows of reconciliation .
On Wednesday , Mr. Maliki challenged an American assertion that the two governments had agreed on a timetable for stabilizing Iraq .
On Thursday and Friday , he issued angry comments pointedly voicing his independence from the Americans , including an account circulated by his aide of an acrimonious meeting with Mr. Khalilzad , during which Mr. Maliki was said to have told the ambassador that he was “ a friend of the United States , but not America ’s man in Iraq . ”
On Saturday , the White House convened a videoconference at which Mr. Maliki publicly praised President Bush .
Image
The 172nd Stryker Brigade took down a checkpoint in the Karada neighborhood of Baghdad yesterday in response to the prime ministers orders .
Credit ... Karim Kadim / Associated Press
The abrupt declaration by Mr. Maliki on Tuesday followed a visit to Baghdad on Monday by President Bush ’s national security adviser , Stephen J. Hadley , who was here to discuss how to reverse the country ’s slide toward all - out civil war .
Violence continued to torment the country on Tuesday , including the mass kidnapping of at least 50 civilians by gunmen on a road north of Baghdad , and the announcement that 2 more American troops had been killed , raising the toll of American deaths this month to at least 103 .
Mr. Maliki had been under pressure from his Shiite backers to push the Americans to lift an eight - day - old cordon around Sadr City , where American authorities believe the kidnapped American soldier is being held .
The soldier was abducted in the central Baghdad neighborhood of Karada on Oct. 23 after leaving the fortified Green Zone without authorization .
Three people were detained early Tuesday in the latest raid in Sadr City as part of the manhunt , the American military said .
Although the military has not released the name of the soldier , members of an Iraqi family who said they were the missing soldier ’s in - laws identified him as Ahmed Qusai al - Taei , 41 .
Moktada al - Sadr , the powerful Shiite cleric who counts Sadr City as his greatest bastion of support and who wields considerable influence in Mr. Maliki ’s ruling Shiite coalition , called for a general strike in the neighborhood on Tuesday to protest the cordon .
In its search for the soldier , the American military has singled out the Mahdi Army militia , which has grown increasingly fractured but still answers in part to Mr. Sadr .
Joint American - Iraqi roadblocks and checkpoints at the entrances to the neighborhood , and others erected in Karada , have caused major traffic jams , impeded commerce , turned short commutes into ordeals lasting hours and provoked the ire of Iraqis .
On Monday , Mr. Sadr , who led two uprisings against American troops in 2004 , threatened unspecified action if the American “ siege ” continued .
Children were climbing the cafe 's poles .
A couple were blithely reading the newspaper while their daughter lay on the floor blocking the line for coffee .
When the family whose children were running across the room to throw themselves against the display cases left after his admonishment , Mr. McCauley recalled , the restaurant erupted in applause .
So he put up the sign .
Then things really got ugly .
" The looks I would get when I went in there made me so nervous that I would try to buy the food as fast as I could and get out , " said Laura Brauer , 40 , who has stopped visiting A Taste of Heaven with her two children .
" I think that the mothers who allow their kids to run around and scream , that 's wrong , but kids scream and there is nothing you can do about it .
What are we supposed to do , not enjoy ourselves at a cafe ? "
Ms. Miller said that one day when her son , then 4 months old , was fussing , a staff member rolled her eyes and announced for all to hear , " We 've got a screamer ! "
Kim Cavitt recalled having coffee and a cookie one afternoon with her boisterous 2 - year - old when " someone came over and said you just need to keep her quiet or you need to leave . "
" We left , and we have n't been back since , " Ms. Cavitt said .
" You go to a coffee shop or a bakery for a rest , to relax , and that you would have to worry the whole time about your child doing something that children do -- really what they 're saying is they do n't welcome children , they want the child to behave like an adult . "
Why suffer such scorn , the mothers said , when clerks at the Swedish Bakery , a neighborhood institution , offer children -- calm or crying -- free cookies ?
Why confront such criticism when the recently opened Sweet Occasions , a five - minute walk down Clark Street , designed the restroom aisle to accommodate double strollers and offers a child - size ice cream cone for $ 1.50 ?
( At A Taste of Heaven , the smallest is $ 3.75 . )
" It 's his business ; he has the right to put whatever sign he wants on the door , " Ms. Miller said .
" And people have the right to respond to that sign however they want . "
_ partialクラス 昨日 、TableAdapter使いまくりしてたら、やっぱり腑に落ちないのが出てきたよ。 前提条件：MSDTC使いたくない。でも、トランザクション必要。 となれば、SqlConnection.BeginTransaction ( ) ですな。 で、TableAdapter は 、Connectionプロパティを公開してくれている。明示的にOpenしておけば、自動開閉しないとか、TableAdapterクェリの生成メソッドもそのあたりはわかっている。
でも、だめなんだな。 というのは、TableAdapterクェリ生成メソッドは、Connectionの状態は見てくれるが、トランザクションに参加しているかどうかは見ずに、内部的にこっそりCommandを使う。ちょっと待て。
でも、抜け道が無い。 しょうがないから、TableAdapterクェリ生成メソッドを丸ごとコピー&ペーストして、自分でSqlTransactionをCommandに突っ込むことになる。
で、partialクラスが役に立つ。そのあたりをわかっているので、ジェネレートされたクラスにちゃんとpartialキーワードが付いている。（MSDNにも書いてある）
ジェネレーションギャップパターンのインスタンスいっちょあがり。
でも、さらに待て。デザインパターンが有効なのは、その言語（この場合はADO.NETというフレームワーク）の機能不足でもある。Command取り出しをフックできるようにするとか、Commandの下準備をするデリゲートを与えられるようにしていれば、むしろそのほうが良いのではないだろうか。 delegate void PrepareCommand ( Command c ) ; public void GeneratedUpdateMethod ( object param1 , object param2 , PrepareCommand block ) と、生成して（と書いてから気づいたが、デフォルト引数がないから、ほとんどの場合、nullを最後に書かされることになるのでだめか）。 というか、単にpublic void GeneratedUpdateMethod ( object param1 , object param2 , SqlTransaction transaction ) を生成してくれるだけで良いのかも。というか、MSDTCを使えという方針なんだろうか。
_ 不思議な人たち たとえば、次の会話は理解できる 。
「 ほんと、ハンバーガーってゴミだよな。あんなの食べるやつってウィンピー以外のなにもんでもないよな 」
「 おい、そのセリフはバーガーキングを食ってから言いな 」 あるいは、 「 東郷青二（字、忘れた）って、お菓子の看板書きだろ。あんなのが絵描きとして評価されてたなんて、昔の連中はほんとに物を知らねぇよな 」
「そのセリフは、やつの自画像を越える画を描いてから言いな 」
つまり、ある話題の対象に対して無知から来るネガティブな物言いに対して、ケチをつけるというのはわかる。
次のもわからないではない。 「 あーおいしかった。ハンバーガーって本当においしいなぁ。ありがとう、ドナルド！ 」
「 おい、そのセリフはバーガーキングを食ってから言いな 」 とか 「 東郷青二の画っておしゃれですてき 」 「まずはマリーローランサンやドローネを見てから言いな（もっとも全盛期のおしゃれではない東郷青二はもっとすごいがな） 」
くそみたいなもので満足している人に対して、もっと良いものに眼を向けろというのもわかる。
わからないのはこういうのだ。 「 バーガーキングのワッパー食って、ああ満足だ。 」
「不二家レストランのハンバーグ定食にはライスもついているんだぞ 」 何が言いたいんだ？ きみが不二家レストランが好きなのは結構。まあ、味も同格なんだろう。不二家は戦前から営業してる？
それは知らないけど、だからどうした？ パターン1：まずいもののせいで、全体の評価を低くしてしまった人に、良い例を示す
パターン2：まずいものに満足している人に、より良いものを示す
この2つのパターンとは異なる。 パターン3：良いものを評価していたら、なんか全然関係ないものを持ち出してきて、そっちのほうが良い（ライス「もついている」んだぞ、という示し方。でも、それ、全然話題にしてないんだけど）と言い出す。
でも、根本的に間違っているのは、ハンバーガー（バンズで食う）の話をしている＝みんなバンズを食うことを前提にしているのに、かっこじゃなかったライスを持ち出して来られてもねぇ。だからどうしましたか？
という感じだな（これは、巷で話題の分裂君の話ではない。あれは、マックとバーガーキングのどちらを評価するかというパターン2だから。2つ上のは直接は関係ないからその意味ではパターン3）。mixiね。
パターン3には2種類がある。1つは土俵を変える、あるいは仕切り直しだ。勝負がつかない以上、見方を変えるということだ。これは必要でしょ。
問題はもう1つのほうだ。これはパターン1の裏返しに過ぎない。早い話、無知から来るケチ（お、韻を踏んだ）。もうひとつは、老人の繰言（昔は良かったというやつ）。このタイプは見分けやすい。大抵、ツッコミをおそれて自分から「わしゃ、ケータイってのはよくは使ったことはないんじゃが、モールスの発明した電信技術は、すべてを含んでいるんじゃぞ。ツートンの2つだけで、あらゆることを表現できて……」という具合に、話題の対象を知り抜いてはいないと弁解してから物言いを始める。まずは、ケータイってのを使いこんでから、口を開け。
「いや、よくは使ったことはないんじゃが、結構は使っておるぞ」「ふむ。比較はちゃんとした上で言っているのか。で、誰が使えるの？
どこで手に入るの？ 」「どこにでもあるし、みんなが使っておるぞ。わしは80年間使っておるぞ」「そりゃ、単に、あんたが慣れているってだけだろ 」
あと、現実性というものがない（浮世離れという言い回しがある）というのも特徴か。
In the autumn of 1999 , Melvin Nelson Perry , a minor British art thief with dark hair and a penchant for Gary Glitter - style tinted glasses , strode into Copenhagen 's Royal Library and asked to be directed to the map room .
Even though Perry was carrying a folded newspaper under his arm , which was strictly against library rules , he passed through the first security check easily .
The Royal Library had been inundated with foreign tourists since the opening the previous August of its Black Diamond extension , and the information officer probably assumed that , unlike the architecture students milling round the foyer , Perry was a genuine reader .
Founded in 1673 by Frederick III to house his private collection of rare books and manuscripts , the library had originally occupied a small building opposite Christiansborg Castle on Slotsholmen .
But thanks to the progressive policies of successive Danish kings ( the Royal Library was the first to throw open its doors to the public in 1793 ) , the library 's collections had grown rapidly and by the 90s it was in desperate need of more space .
It was in an effort to uphold its proud tradition of continuous public access while protecting its stacks from light - fingered readers , such as Perry , that the library had commissioned the controversial extension - a trapezoid steel frame clad in Absolute black granite ( hence its nickname , Black Diamond ) , the extension now dominates views along the waterfront .
Inside , however , vast windows looking out on the Inderhavnen create a feeling of space and freedom .
This impression , however , is misleading , for following an embarrassing series of internal thefts in the 70s , the library had also insisted on installing CCTV and electronic - locking doors on every level .
Nowhere was security tighter than in the map and rare - book reading rooms , where staff kept a careful eye over the prized collection of some 7,000 atlases and 270,000 maps - the largest in Scandinavia .
Perhaps Perry , who had previously been jailed in England for thefts from the British Library and Cambridge University Library and who sometimes spelled his name ' Perrie ' ( or when he was being really sneaky ' Perry Nelson ' ) , thought the Royal Library would be an easy target , or perhaps this was merely meant to be a test run .
Whatever , his approach was not very clever .
Signing in under his correct name , Perry proceeded to the map room and , still carrying the newspaper under his arm , requested atlases by the early Dutch cartographers Abraham Ortelius and Jan Jansson , and the 17th - century British mapmaker John Speed .
Something about Perry immediately set the Danish map - room attendant on edge .
It was n't just the newspaper , which the attendant told him to remove , but Perry 's accent .
Although English was the attendant 's second language , he found Perry 's intonation ' vulgar ' .
Not only that but when he asked him to state the subject of his research , he wrote ' catography ' - leaving out the first 'r ' .
Perry never returned to claim the atlases , probably because he sensed the attendant was on to him and did n't like the sight of all the CCTV cameras .
Fifteen months later , on 29 January 2001 , however , the library was not so lucky .
A former landscape gardener turned antiquarian book dealer from Leeds , Peter Joseph Bellwood also had previous convictions for theft .
In 1996 Bellwood had been sentenced to four years in prison for razoring Victorian sporting prints and maps of the Holy Land from books at the British Library and libraries in Birmingham and Leeds .
Nevertheless , like Perry , Bellwood made no attempt to disguise his appearance , signing in under his own name and proceeding directly to the Royal Library 's map room , where he asked staff to help him locate maps by exactly the same master engravers .
Unlike Perry , however , Bellwood was well - spoken and did not draw attention to himself by doing anything so stupid as carrying a newspaper or misspelling cartographer .
Instead , dressed in a loose - fitting sweater , the bespectacled , white - haired Brit ingratiated himself with library staff by handing in a 500 Kroner ( £ 46 ) note that he had supposedly found ' lying ' on the floor .
The result was that by 31 January Bellwood had succeeded in razoring three maps from the pages of old atlases and five from a rare 16th century Dutch travel book , the Itinerario .
The maps included Petrus Plancius 's lavish 1594 double - hemisphere world map , Orbis Terrarum , Abraham Ortelius 's 1587 Typus Orbis Terrarum , and John Speed 's 1627 map of North and South America .
In all , his haul was worth £ 100,000 .
Two years later , these maps have still not been recovered , and Bellwood and Perry have disappeared .
Although police suspect they may have been ' stealing to order ' for a mysterious collector , so far no one has come forward with any names and it is equally possible that the maps were sold on by unscrupulous dealers ( Speed 's map , for instance , is particularly sought after by American collectors as it was the first to portray California as an island ) .
But perhaps the most shocking aspect of the thefts was that no one had thought to inform the Royal Library earlier about Bellwood 's and Perry 's convictions , much less that they had served their time in Britain and were on the loose .
' If we 'd known , we could have posted their names on our system ; we could have made sure our staff were watching , ' says Erland Kolding Nielsen , the library 's director .
' What I would do to get my hands on them . '
Bellwood and Perry were not the first to exploit the open- access policy of public libraries .
In the early 90s another map thief , Gilbert Bland , criss - crossed the United States , tearing some 250 maps from library atlases .
Bland 's infamous career came to an end in 1995 when a sharp - eyed librarian spotted him razoring a page from a book at the Peabody Library in Baltimore and was later immortalised in Miles Harvey 's The Island of Lost Maps .
In his book , Harvey tries to shed light on Bland 's crimes by discovering as much as he can about his life , but he soon discovers that Bland is a cipher , a terra incognita .
Instead , Harvey is reduced to mapping Bland 's crimes .
But in so doing he comes up against an unexpected obstacle - the refusal of many librarians , still embarrassed by the ease with which Bland has gained access to their collections , to talk about it .
Mapping Bellwood 's and Perry 's life and crimes presented similar problems .
The first thing I discovered was that the Royal Library was not the first institution the pair had visited .
Indeed , Bellwood - possibly with Perry 's assistance - had almost certainly begun his razoring campaign in Wales in early 2000 , before embarking on what amounted to a ' grand tour ' of Scandinavia .
In the course of their travels , the men - either working together or separately - succeeded in stealing more than 200 maps from libraries as far afield as Aberystwyth and Helsinki .
To date only a handful of these maps has been recovered , and in the case of the National Library of Wales official embarrassment at the scale of Bellwood 's crimes means that the library still refuses to discuss what is , or is n't , missing .
It is precisely this culture of secrecy that , argue dealers concerned to clean up the trade , enabled Bellwood and Perry to get away with their crimes for so long and has hampered the effort to recover the missing items .
Like Harvey , I decided the best way to build up a picture of my map thieves was to revisit the scene of their crimes .
Before travelling to Denmark to interview Nielsen , I studied a city map of Copenhagen , familiarising myself with the concentric layout of its streets and canals and running my finger along the route I would be taking to the library .
The map helped me ( it was while studying the map , for instance , that I realised the old imperial centre of Slothosen , where the library is located , was actually an island ) .
But maps are about far more than latitude and longitude .
They are also small representations of our world and as such have a special pull on our imaginations .
One reason collectors lust after Speed 's 1627 map of North America , for instance , is that they can no longer go there except on his map - cartographic assumptions have changed , California is no longer an island .
Similarly , Antarctica , or Terra Australis as it was known in the 16th century , no longer occupies the bottom third of the globe , as it does on an old Ortelius or Plancius .
Then there is the sheer aesthetic pleasure of an antique map - the detail of the engraving , the vibrant use of colour , the elaborate pictorial borders , the harpies and sea demons lurking on the peripheraries .
More than anything , an old map brings past perceptions of the world alive .
As Graham Arader , one of the world 's biggest map dealers , puts it on the website of his successful chain of North American galleries , the best maps represent ' moments of unprecedented innovation or beauty ' .
' Even after three decades , I often find myself enthralled by a map ... [ that brings ] the past into the present with vivid power . '
Arader should know .
It was his practice in the 70s of breaking atlases and plate books and offering the individual maps for sale that helped fuel the inflation in prices .
Indeed , were it not for Arader and other collectors ' passion for geographical representations from the past , it is unlikely that Bellwood and Perry would have ever found their way to the Royal Library in Copenhagen .
Nielsen 's first inkling that something was wrong came at 7 pm on 31 January when his head of security , Jesper Jorgensen , received a call at home from the attendant in the rare books room .
He had been growing steadily more suspicious of Bellwood for days .
On the afternoon of 30 January , Bellwood had been upset to be told that the book he had ordered was stored off site and would not be available until the following morning .
Then there was his ' sudden ' discovery of the 500 Kroner note and the fact that he kept on getting up to leave the room .
However , it was n't until after Bellwood left the library and she saw a page sticking out of one of the books he had been studying that she realised various plates were missing .
The book was Hugo van Linschoten 's Itinerario .
Published in Amsterdam in 1596 and featuring lavish engravings of the then known coasts of Africa , Arabia and South America , the Itinerario is widely considered one of the most important travel books ever printed .
The Plancius world map , in which Asia is shown as an elaborately robed woman seated on a rhinoceros , for instance , commands £ 15,000 alone .
Jorgensen immediately alerted Nielsen and together they rewound the CCTV footage of Bellwood 's visit .
They could n't believe their eyes .
Slowing the frames , they watched aghast as Bellwood seemed to draw his hand along the binding of the book , then remove a page and place it under his seat .
Minutes later he repeated the action , placing another page under the table .
Then he stuffed the pages under his sweater and exited the library .
' We think he may have been wearing a special vest so he could smuggle the maps out without being detected , ' says Jorgensen , amazed at the way Bellwood carried on in view of the CCTV cameras .
That night , Jorgensen called the police and they suggested he spring a trap .
But though Jorgensen waited all day , Bellwood never returned .
On 1 February , fearing Bellwood had fled the country , Jorgensen posted his photograph on the library 's website , together with the details of his alleged crimes .
In the normally sedate world of libraries , this was the curatorial equivalent of the detonation of a nuclear bomb .
Within hours , news of Bellwood 's audacious thefts had flashed round the world , prompting librarians to check their records to see if they had also been visited by the ripper .
' At this point , ' explains Jorgensen , 'we believed only one thief was involved .
Then I got a call from my colleagues at the Royal Library in the Hague . '
The Dutch informed Jorgensen that they had also discovered some maps - 55 in all - missing from various atlases the previous October .
Not only that but at that very moment , the suspect - a British passport holder - was sitting in their map room .
Although the library had informed Interpol and the Dutch antiquarian book trade about the thefts , until now they had kept the information confidential from other libraries .
The man 's name , they said , was ' Nelson Perry ' .
Jorgensen immediately went through the previous reader passes .
That 's when he discovered that Perry had visited Copenhagen in 1999 and requested exactly the same atlases as Bellwood .
For reasons that are still unclear , Perry fled the Royal Library in the Hague before he could be questioned .
But in his hurry he left a notepad on the desk .
In it , staff found a rough map of the streets around the Royal Library in Stockholm , together with the names and shelf references to atlases by five Dutch and English master cartographers and a note to ' check the editions ' .
Jorgensen immediately faxed the pages to Stockholm and urged them to look at their collections .
To their horror and dismay , the Swedes discovered that between August 2000 and January 2001 they had also received multiple visits from both a ' Nelson Perry ' and a ' Peter Bellwood ' .
At least six atlases from a 1579 Ortelius to a 1635 Mercator had been mutilated and some 40 maps removed .
Intriguingly , on two occasions Perry or Bellwood - there was some confusion among staff as to which reader was which - had also asked to see van Linschoten 's Itinerario , but staff had grown suspicious and he had never signed for the book .
There was another detail , too .
Perry / Bellwood 's last visit had come on 24 January 2001 - just five days before Bellwood turned up at the Royal Library .
Despite the confusion over the men's identities , Swedish police had little doubt that Perry and Bellwood had been working together , though whether they had visited the library at the same time or separately was unclear .
By now , Perry must have been aware of the heightened security and the risks of continuing his tour .
Nevertheless , on 21 February he turned up at the University Library in Helsinki and asked to see a series of maps from the collection of the 19th - century Finnish explorer Adolf Erik Nordenskiold .
The first person to navigate the Northeast passage , Nordenskiold 's collection of 600 atlases included a near complete set of Claudius Ptolemy 's Geographia .
First printed in Bologna in 1477 , Ptolemy 's atlas appeared in several editions before 1500 and contains one of the most sought - after maps of any period - his Mappa Mundi .
This map can command anywhere from £ 80,000 to £ 120,000 .
Perry requested both the 1482 Ulm edition and a later 1486 edition , as well as a further two atlases by Jansson and Blaeu .
By now the Royal Library in the Hague had issued a warning about Perry , but due to an administrative oversight the news did not reach the staff in the Helsinki map room until after Perry had checked out .
When , on 23 February , Perry boarded the budget airline Buzz and returned to England , it seemed as if the Finns had missed their chance .
But on 16 March , police arrested Perry in London and initiated extradition proceedings .
After six weeks of cat and mouse it looked as if the Scandinavians had finally got the upper hand .
It was around this time that news of Bellwood 's and Perry 's activities reached the desk of Tom Moulton , the British Library 's head of security .
Although Moulton had joined the library after its move to St Pancras , his staff had never forgotten the damage Bellwood had inflicted at the old Bloomsbury reading rooms in 1995 when he had made off with more than 1,000 plates worth £ 290,000 .
' I asked a colleague who had been at the trial to check the picture on the Royal Library 's website , ' said Moulton .
' His reply was that it looked " horribly like Bellwood " . '
Fearing the worst , Moulton ordered an immediate check of recent readers ' tickets .
To his relief , Bellwood did not appear to have applied for a new pass .
Perry , however , had received a new reader 's ticket just 10 days before .
Interestingly , he had listed as his research subject ' Nordenskiold ' .
Moulton quickly pulled up Perry 's file .
It was even bigger than Bellwood's .
Over the years Perry had applied for at least four tickets either under his own name or aliases .
On each occasion he had changed his appearance dramatically , most notably when as ' Thomas Cook ' he had bushed up his hair and donned the Gary Glitter - style shades .
Then in 1994 , as Melvin West , he had visited the old North Library and made off with rare botanical plates from Captain Cook 's voyage on the Endeavour - a theft for which , along with his visit to Cambridge University Library , he received a sentence of four years .
Moulton immediately showed the pictures to staff and established that although Perry had been up to the reading room , he had fled as soon as he had seen the CCTV cameras .
Unfortunately , another British institution was not so fortunate .
Study a map of Wales and the first thing that strikes you is its geographical separation from England .
Protected by the Cambrian Hills on one side and the Irish Sea on the other , Wales really is another country .
Nowhere is this sense of isolation more acute than at the seaside town of Aberystwyth , home to the National Library of Wales .
Perched high on a hill overlooking Cardigan Bay , the library 's holdings include 22 different versions of the five variant editions of Ortelius 's Theatrum Orbis Terrarum , as well as valuable 16th - and 17th - century editions of atlases by Speed , Blaeu , Jansson and Mercator .
Or rather , they used to .
For some time in early 2000 , the library also had the misfortune to be visited by Bellwood .
Bellwood did n't just sign in once but , encouraged by the absence of CCTV , again and again .
As in Copenhagen a year later , he requested Speed 's 1627 atlas , removing his New and Accurat Map of the World , as well as plates of each of the four continents , the British Isles and the most sought - after English counties .
Next he turned his attention to the Orteliuses , razoring his valuable world map and plates of the four continents .
Then he vandalised two valuable atlases by Gerard Mercator , dated 1619 and 1636 .
The result was that by the end of the year , Bellwood had succeeded in removing more than 100 plates from the library .
The penny dropped sometime in March 2001 when , alerted by the thefts at the Danish Royal Library , the National of Library of Wales decided to run a check .
The discovery of the extent of Bellwood 's larceny must have caused pandemonium .
At a stroke - or to be more accurate , with several strokes - Bellwood had reduced the value of Wales 's national holdings by £ 100,000 .
The library 's priority , of course , was to get the maps back , but rather than publicise the thefts widely , as the Danes had done , the Welsh authorities decided to keep the news as quiet as possible .
Although the Antiquarian Booksellers ' Association ( ABA ) learnt of the thefts in March , it was four months before the library sent it a list of the stolen items and the association was able to forward the details to dealers in Britain and the US via its secure email directory .
Many in the trade believe that delay was fatal .
' Dealers are far more likely to spot these maps on the market than the police , ' explains Jonathan Potter , president of the ABA .
' The problem was that by the time we knew what was missing it is was too late .
Most of the maps had probably already been sold on . '
At first the Welsh police respected the library 's reticence , opting for a softly softly approach .
Their first port of call was the village of Swillington , near Leeds , where Bellwood used to share a semi- detached house with his ex-wife Susan .
But though Bellwood had briefly returned there after his release from prison in 1999 , neighbours said he had not been seen for some time .
Not surprisingly , inquiries in the map trade drew a similar blank .
' You know that series Lovejoy ? ' asks Mark James , of Aberystwyth police , rhetorically .
' Well , let 's just say that some dealers have n't been as helpful as they might have been . '
Finally , this past May , Scotland Yard decided to elevate Bellwood to its ' Most Wanted ' list , posting his name alongside those of suspected murderers and rapists .
But oddly , while the Yard was happy to hand out details about Bellwood , there was no mention of Perry .
According to DS James , this is because police have no evidence to connect the two thieves .
But in an email circulated to other librarians in March 2001 the National Library of Wales named both men as ' suspects ' , and to curators across Europe the connection is only too apparent .
' I believe there has to be a link between Bellwood and Perry because they were stealing the same kind of material , ' says Jesper Jorgensen .
' Perhaps they were working for the same boss but do not operate together . '
Esko Hakli , the former director of Helsinki's University Library , also believes Perry must have had help and may have been working for an anonymous collector or a criminal organisation .
He points out that when Perry needed to stand bail following his arrest he had no difficulty raising £ 10,000 .
Mysteriously , two of the six maps he had stolen were then posted anonymously to the Finnish embassy from Cardiff .
When Perry arrived in Finland to stand trial in August 2001 , he arranged for the return of two further maps - a Ptolemy map of Britain and a Jansson map of North America .
However , he never recovered the 1486 Ptolemy Mappa Mundi .
Perry 's trial provided a rare glimpse into the mind of a map ripper .
His technique was deceptively simple : he had razored the maps from their bindings using a small knife meant for sharpening pencils .
Then , after leaving the library he'd mailed the maps to himself in England .
In his defence , he criticised the library 's poor security , saying it was this that had ' tempted him ' to steal .
The court did not buy his excuses , sentencing Perry to 18 months and ordering him to pay the library 52,000 euros ( £ 36,000 ) in compensation .
But incredibly - because his sentence was less than two years - he was not immediately taken into custody , and fled Finland soon after .
As the months have gone by without news of Perry and Bellwood 's where - abouts , the Danes have grown steadily more frustrated .
' Why ca n't the British police find a British citizen ?
Frankly , we had hoped for more progress by now , ' says Nielsen bitterly .
The only good thing to come out of the affair as far as Nielsen is concerned is an agreement known as the Copenhagen Principles , under which European libraries and police forces will undertake to exchange information about the activities of rippers more promptly .
As Nielsen puts it , staring out the immense windows of the Black Diamond , ' Institutional silence can only benefit the thief . '
Upgrading Ubuntu has gotten simpler over time .
The graphical utility makes it a breeze to upgrade to the next version .
This HowTo should work for any beta version in the future , but keep in mind that installing beta software should only be done by those that are sure they know what they are doing .
If you are ready to take the plunge , run this command from a terminal or run box :
gksu “ update - manager -c - d ”
The switches tell the regular update manager to check for beta upgrades .
This is necessary even when Edgy is out of beta , in order to upgrade from one version to the next .
You will be presented with a screen similar to this one : ( you may have to hit the Check button first )
Go ahead and clic k the Upgrade button .
You ’ll be presented with the release notes window , and click the Upgrade button again .
You will see the progress dialog :
The upgrade process will go out and determine all the packages required , and then prompt you again to click Start Upgrade ( makes you wish there was a flag that says ” really upgrade me silently ” )
On my machine , I received this message , and I clicked the remove button , but you can skip the step if you are worried about it .
And that ’s all there is to it .
You will be prompted to reboot the computer , at which point you will see that you are running Edgy Eft , and you will notice that your Firefox has been upgraded to the beta of Firefox 2 .
If you are determined to install from the command line , however , check the other HowTo on installing using apt - get .
I 'm always interested to see what someone new to Smalltalk has to say about it , always , but this takes the cake so far .
I like what Dave had to say , but I 'll change it to " Languages of the Gods " , for Smalltalk is but one of a few .
I personally give it up to both Smalltalk and Lisp , I think most other languages are derivatives of one of these two .
Languages like Smalltalk and Lisp ( always got to give Lisp its props ) are amplifiers .
They make you more of whatever it is that you already are .
If you 're a bad programmer , they 're going to make you worse , they 'll let you shoot your foot off in more interesting ways than you can imagine .
If you 're a great programmer , they 're going to make you that much greater , they 're going to let you become a God , and live entirely in a universe of your own abstractions .
Anything you do n't like you can objectify or macro'fy and never have to think about it again .
These languages will never be mainstream , because the mainstream would never see the benefits they provide .
The mainstream would kill themselves with such power .
There 's a reason the mainstream likes manifest typing , procedural programming , and cut and paste methodologies , quite simply , it 's all they can handle .
Reflection is too deep in the bag of tricks for most mainstream programmers , let alone meta programming , or dynamically typed custom DSL's in esoteric languages like Smalltalk and Lisp .
You have to appreciate beauty and elegance to appreciate Smalltalk and Lisp , and quite frankly , those just are n't mainstream values .
I think Dave 's right , the " Languages of the Gods " will never be mainstream , but you know , that 's not really such a bad thing .
As long as the communities are large enough to support the work I do , I really do n't care about what the bandwagon is up to .
The Dictator and His Hobby Kalmykian Leader Makes Farce of Chess Championships
Kirsan Nikolayevich
Ilyumzhinov , president of the Russian Republic of Kalmykia and of the world chess body , is hosting this year 's world championships .
The match , though , threatens to break down amid a bathroom break scandal .
The president , critics say , is ruining the game .
Von Maik Grossekathöfer
IN HIS FINAL televised speech to the Iraqi people in 2003 , Saddam Hussein denounced the invading Americans as “ the Mongols of this age , ” a reference to the last time infidels had conquered his country , in 1258 .
But the comparison is n’t very apt — unlike the Mongols , the Americans do n’t have the organizational genius of Genghis Khan .
In the 13th century , Temujin — better known by his title , Genghis Khan ( “ world leader ” ) — headed a tribal nation smaller than the workforce of Wal - Mart , yet he conquered and ruled more people than anyone in history .
After Genghis Khan ’s death , his grandson , Hulegu , further expanded the empire , easily conquering most of the Middle East and achieving the Mongols ’ aim : the establishment of a trade corridor from Korea on the Pacific to Syria on the Mediterranean , one part of their goal of controlling the world .
So that every warrior knew his place within the struggle , Genghis Khan began each campaign with meetings to communicate to his approximately 100,000 soldiers where and why they would fight .
The legal justification for the Mongol invasion of Iraq derived from the reluctance of the caliph of Baghdad to control the Shiite Cult of the Assassins , whom the Mongols accused of attempting to kill their khan .
The assassins operated from a series of fortified mountain camps spread from contemporary Afghanistan to Iraq , and the Baghdad invasion did not begin until the Mongols had eradicated the threat from the assassins and destroyed their fortresses .
For the final attack on the caliph , the Mongols assembled a coalition of nations , and as their main army invaded Iraq in two columns from the east and the south , their allies approached from the north and west .
Genghis Khan recognized that victory came by conquering people , not land or cities .
In contrast to the Americans in 2003 , who sought to take the largest cities first in a campaign of shock and awe , the Mongols in 1258 took the smallest settlements first , gradually working toward the capital .
Both the Mongols and the Americans used heavy bombardment to topple Baghdad , but whereas the Americans rushed into the capital in a triumphant victory celebration , the Mongols wisely decided not to enter the defeated — but still dangerous — city .
They ordered the residents to evacuate , and then they sent in Christian and Muslim allies , who seethed with a variety of resentments against the caliph , to expunge any pockets of resistance and secure the capital .
The Americans ended up as occupiers ; the Mongols pulled strings , watching from camps in the countryside .
The Mongols also immediately executed the caliph and his sons on charges that they spent too much money on their palaces and not enough defending their nation .
They killed most members of the court and administration .
The Mongols took no prisoners and allowed no torture , but they executed swiftly and efficiently , including the soldiers of the defeated army who , they believed , would be a constant source of future problems if allowed to live .
The first several months of a Mongol invasion were bloody , but once the takeover ended , the bloodshed ended .
By contrast , the American military campaign was quick , with comparatively few Iraqi ( or coalition ) casualties , but the bloodshed has continued for years .
Constrained from decisively dispatching enemies of a new Iraq , the United States has allowed Iraqi terrorists to select who lives and who dies , including women and children , in a slow - motion massacre .
And while the violence continues , the U.S. ca n’t come close to establishing a government that rivals what the Mongols achieved .
They exercised a genius for speaking to people in terms that they understood .
When conquering Muslims , Genghis Khan always announced that Allah willed the Mongol victory as divine punishment ; to resist the Mongols was to defy the will of God .
Just as the Mongols perfected the list of who to kill in a conquered land , they knew whom to reward and how to do it .
In Baghdad , Hulegu installed a government under Ata Malik Juvaini , a devout Persian Muslim , who governed for most of the next 20 years and whose writings survive as some of the great scholarly works of the Muslim world .
The Mongols spared anyone with a craft , such as carpentry , writing , pottery , weaving or metal working .
They fiercely enforced religious freedom , which created an essentially secular state .
In Baghdad , they gave many of the caliph ’s palaces to Mongol allies for more practical uses .
They lowered taxes for merchants and eliminated them for religious , medical and educational professionals .
They educated women along with men .
For all subjects , they instituted harsh laws enforced equally under nearly incorruptible officials .
Fundamentalist Muslims look back at Mongol secularism as a scourge .
But , although U.S. rule in Iraq has produced a constant flow of refugees , particularly religious minorities , out of the country , under Mongol rule Christian , Muslim , Jewish and even Buddhist immigrants poured into the newly conquered Iraq to live under the Great Law of Genghis Khan .
It was said that during this time a virgin could cross the length of the Mongol Empire with a pot of gold on her head and never be molested .
By the time of the U.S. - led invasion of Iraq , the political achievements of the Mongols had been forgotten , and only the destructive fury of their wars was remembered .
Yet under the Mongols — and the legacy of Genghis Khan —
Iraq enjoyed a century of peace and a renaissance that brought the region to a level of prosperity and cultural sophistication higher than it enjoyed before or after .
Any country with a bent for empire could do worse than learn from Genghis Khan .
ヘルプは各本棚のメニューにあります。
News
2018/2/15 Heroku上でRails5+Postgresの運用に変更しました。
2014/1/11 GitHubレポジトリにissuesをリストしました
2013/9/28 サーバ移転時に数日ぶんのデータが消えてしまいました。申し訳ございません。 現在さくらVPSで運用しています。
2013/1/4 本棚演算をリニューアルしました
2011/4/14 本棚.orgのソースをGitHubで公開しています
2011/4/12 サーバを移転してApache2+Rails2に変更しました。 不具合があれば masui@pitecan.com にご報告下さい。 2011/3/26 MySQLデータを公開しています。 80MBほどのデータです 。 2009/4/17 18:00 破壊行為が観測されたため本棚削除機能を一時的に停止しています。自分の本棚が消えてしまったという方はご連絡下さい。
最近更新された本 棚15 本棚を探す AkizoMickeyGo 396( 377 ) 冊 岸リトル 2370 ( 1 ) 冊 T.Miyashima 1957 ( 953 ) 冊 hama 1723 ( 1622 ) 冊 SKZ 759( 679 ) 冊
2006 年（頃？）以降に読んだ本の感想をつれづれなるままに。... shiro 151 ( 112 ) 冊 増井 4220 ( 1640 ) 冊 本棚.org管理人です. koshiro 354 ( 4 ) 冊 コーシロの読書の記録 since 2006 akita11 66 ( 45 ) 冊 p-his 428( 13 ) 冊 手持ちの本の整理に役立てています。 ヴィヴァアチェ 2313 ( 16 ) 冊 joesaisan 277( 160 ) 冊 コンピュータの本も広義の SF のつもりで読んでいる。それと ... Leiko 843( 379 ) 冊 何かありましたらこちらへ。所蔵音源の備忘録。 娘のパパ 63 ( 0 ) 冊 にしむら 111 ( 1 ) 冊 読み終えた本でっす 。
こんな本棚もいかが？ ランダム に10 hideaki 1 ( 1 ) 冊 yonecom 4 ( 0 ) 冊 gagamaru 10 ( 0 ) 冊 kazuosij 160 ( 0 ) 冊 便利なサイトで開発者に感謝してます。 kazu - clm 8 ( 0 ) 冊 K 68 ( 11 ) 冊 HRH ブロガーみんなの本 棚
http://blog.goo.ne.jp/ivanhoe_station nnET 7 ( 5 ) 冊 kotoito 1 ( 0 ) 冊 eis 0 ( 0 ) 冊 ほしこー ん 3 ( 2 ) 冊
You can't beat Japanese car reliability
News
on 05/17/2006
Source : Warranty Direct
Filed under :on
05/17/2006 Source : Warranty Direct Japanese manufacturers have dominated a poll of the Top 100 most reliable used cars over the past decade .
The list , compiled by independent mechanical breakdown insurer , Warranty Direct , found that every car in the Top 10 , and an amazing 16 out of the Top 20 , were Japanese models .
The Honda Accord was at number one .
Models were ranked according to the frequency of failure and based on a database of over 55,000 vehicles .
Last year , over 7.5 m
Britons spent £ 25 bn buying a used car - nearly seven times the number of people who bought a new car privately .
The Top Ten Most Reliable Used Cars according to Warranty Direct :
Pos Model
1 Honda Accord
2 Subaru Forester
3 Mazda MX-5
4 Mitsubishi Carisma
5 Toyota Yaris
6 Honda Civic
7 Nissan Almera
8 Honda CR -V
9 Toyota RAV4
10 Nissan Micra
The highest placed non-Japanese model was the British built Jaguar X - Type in 13th with the mighty German automotive industry first appearing at number 25 with the sporty executive Mercedes - Benz SLK according to Warranty Direct .
Used car expert , James Ruppert says : " I am regularly asked what car to buy that wo n't break down and I always reply , anything Japanese .
This is based on my experience and it is great to see that the real life statistics produced by Warranty Direct back this up . "
Volvo ’s S/V40 was the highest placed Swedish manufacturer in 15th , with the nation ’s most popular manufacturer , Ford , delivering its best ranked model , the Ka , in 22nd .
Hyundai ’s Lantra was the pick of the Koreans and the Citroen Xsara was the best - placed French model at number 26 .
" Obviously reliability is not the main reason why someone might choose one model over another , but it is still an important consideration for the majority , " says Duncan McClure Fisher of Warranty Direct .
" However , used car buyers are considerably more cautious .
Japanese models may not be the most charismatic but you ’re unlikely to spend a great deal of money and time in the garage keeping it on the road . "
The full Top 100 Most Reliable Cars Of
The past ten years can be viewed by visiting www.reliabilityindex.co.uk.
Source : Warranty Direct
Share with : Delicious reddit Facebook StumbleUpon
Prev : Elton John Bentley to be auctioned by H&H Next : Honda Announces Pricing of Natural Gas-Powered 2006 Civic GX
Your Comments
The House of Lords voted to reject the ID cards bill yesterday .
The second house wants the draft legislation amended so that restrictions are placed on who would be allowed to use the cards to check a person 's identity .
Peers were also unhappy that Home Office ministers said that they could not reveal the full cost of the plans .
Baroness Scotland did reveal that the scheme will cost the Home Office £ 584 m a year .
The defeat came as ex-MI5 chief Stella Rimington said that ID cards will be of no use in the fight against terror .
Speaking at the Association of Colleges annual conference in Birmingham , she said ID cards would not make us any safer :
" ID cards have possibly some purpose , " the BBC quotes her as saying .
" But I do n't think that anybody in the intelligence services , particularly in my former service , would be pressing for ID cards .
" My angle on ID cards is that they may be of some use but only if they can be made unforgeable - and all our other documentation is quite easy to forge .
If we have ID cards at vast expense and people can go into a back room and forge them they are going to be absolutely useless . "
Downing street has said Rimington is entitled to her views .
Meanwhile the Lib Dems took advantage of her remarks to call again for the plans to be abandoned , and the Conservatives cautioned that the cards could be counterproductive . ®
Writing Better Code
How to Interview a Programmer
by Bill Venners
February 24 , 2003
Advertisement
Summary
Recognizing good programmers among job applicants is not easy .
This article contains interview techniques , garnered from a recent summit on writing better code , that can help you can find the most qualified programmers for your project .
I n January 2003 , I attended a Writing Better Code summit in Portland , Oregon , organized by Scott Meyers and Bruce Eckel .
At the three - day summit , 15 people gathered to discuss code quality and how they could improve it .
Throughout this discussion , one theme was clear : good code is written by good programmers .
Therefore , one great way to improve the code quality within an organization is to hire better programmers .
The trouble is , recognizing a good programmer among a pool of job applicants is not easy .
Finding good programmers is hard because good programming is dependent on much more than just knowledge of programming language syntax .
You need someone who , despite wearing striped pants with a polka dot shirt , has a good sense of taste in OO design .
You need someone who is creative enough to find innovative solutions to problems , yet anal retentive enough to always line up their curly braces .
You need someone who is humble enough to be open to suggestions for improvement , but arrogant enough to stand firm and provide leadership when they are the best person to provide it .
How can you tell all this about a stranger by spending 30 minutes with them in a conference room ?
The final morning of the Writing Better Code summit , Bruce Eckel announced he was " hijacking " the meeting .
Bruce wanted each person at the table to share his or her interview techniques .
He wanted to know how we recognize a good programmer in an interview .
In this article , I highlight some interview techniques discussed that morning .
If you have more ideas or would like to discuss any techniques presented here , please post a comment to the News & Ideas Forum Topic , How to Interview a Programmer .
Explore an Area of Expertise
Although various interview methods were tossed about that morning , a few fundamental techniques emerged from the discussion .
For example , rather than simply look for expertise and experience in the exact area in which the candidate will work , you should look for general programming talent and ability .
One way to explore and judge a candidate 's talents is to explore an area of their expertise :
Dave Thomas :
Hire for talent .
One of the biggest mistakes companies make is to recruit from a shopping list : I need a programmer with six years Java , three years Oracle , and two years EJBs .
The world changes , so you need to hire folks who change with it .
Look for people who know computing , not necessarily particular narrow niches .
Not only will they adapt better in the future , they 're also more likely to be innovative in the present .
Chris Sells :
To identify how good the candidates are technically , I let them choose an area in which they feel they have expertise .
I need them to know something well , and I ask them about that .
I ask them why .
I want them to know why something in their area of expertise works the way it does .
I 'm not necessarily after an expert in the area I need .
If they learned why in the past , I have confidence they 'll learn why in the future .
Have Them Critique Something
Another technique involves the importance of creating a dialog with the candidate .
To get to know the candidate 's talents and personality , you can't merely ask questions that have short factual answers .
You have to find a way to engage a conversation .
To stimulate dialog , you can ask the candidate to critique some technology :
Josh Bloch : I ask candidates to critique a system or platform that we both have in common , preferably something they will use on the job .
For example , I might ask , " What parts of Java do n't you like and why ? "
Pete McBreen : I give candidates samples of our current code and ask them to explain and critique it .
This gives me a sense of their skills , but also lets them know what they can expect .
Ask Them to Solve a Problem
Another way to foster an open - ended dialog is to ask the candidate to perform a task : to solve a problem or create a design .
Although everyone at the meeting seemed to agree that this was important and useful technique , it also generated a lot of concern .
People felt that asking the candidate to solve puzzles and problems needed to be done with care :
Josh Bloch : I like to ask a candidate to solve a small - scale design problem , finger exercises , to see how they think and what their process is : " How would you write a function that tells me if its argument is a power of 2 ? "
I 'm not looking for the optimal bit - twiddling solution ( ( n & - n ) == n ) .
I 'm looking to see if they get the method signature right , if they think about boundary cases , if their algorithm is reasonable and they can explain its workings , and if they can improve on their first attempt .
Bruce Eckel : I ask candidates to create an object model of a chicken .
This eliminates any problems with uncertainties about the problem domain , because everyone knows what a chicken is .
I think it also jars people away from the technical details of a computer .
It tests to see if they are capable of thinking about the big picture .
Scott Meyers : I hate anything that asks me to design on the spot .
That 's asking to demonstrate a skill rarely required on the job in a high - stress environment , where it is difficult for a candidate to accurately prove their abilities .
I think it 's fundamentally an unfair thing to request of a candidate .
Matt Gerrans : I do n't like when I 'm asked to write a program that does X on a piece of paper .
Do n't ask the candidate to write a program on paper .
That is a waste of time and sweat .
People do n't write software on paper , they do it with computers using auto - completion , macros , indexed API documentation , and context - sensitive help .
They think about it , refactor it , and even rewrite it .
If you want to see a person 's work , ask them to write some small module or implement some interface before the interview and bring the code on a notebook PC or on hard copy .
Then you can review it and discuss the design , coding style , and decisions that went into it .
This will give you a much more realistic and useful assessment of a person 's work and style .
Kevlin Henney : I like design dialog questions that do n't have a single fixed answer .
That way they have to ask me questions , and this sparks a discussion .
It 's good to have a whiteboard available in the room .
A dialog lets the interviewer see how the interviewee works , whereas a question of fact is just that : it is great for TV quiz shows , but does n't tell you how someone will work and approach things over time .
A puzzle question requires knowing a trick , which is in essence something that is either known or unknown .
I dislike puzzle questions , because they do n't require dialog .
Josh Bloch :
What constitutes a reasonable question depends a lot on the candidate 's experience and maturity .
Dave Thomas : I look for people with curiosity .
Present problems , not puzzles .
Look at Their Code
Josh Bloch suggested one technique we all seemed to like :
Have the candidate bring a code portfolio to the interview .
Look at the candidate 's code and talk to them about it .
Although we were concerned that some candidates may not have code they could legally bring to the interview , we figured most candidates could probably come up with something .
It ca n't hurt at least to ask a candidate to bring to the interview a sample of code they had written in the past .
Josh Bloch : I want to see their code .
You get to see what they pick .
You learn what they value .
You learn how they communicate .
Find Out What Books They Read
Several people indicated that they ask candidates about the programming books they read to see if a programmer is self - motivated or concerned about improving their own programming skills :
Matt Gerrans : I ask candidates , " What books have you read about programming ? "
If the book is beyond syntax , that 's important .
Randy Stafford : I find out what books they read because it 's important to me that they educate themselves of their own volition .
Ask About a People Problem
As important as technical ability , or perhaps more important , is personality .
How well would the candidate fit the team ?
How well would they fit the work environment ?
People used various techniques to judge personality :
Randy Stafford : Good citizenship is probably more important than technical prowess , because if you have people with the right kind of attitude and demeanor , you can help them gain the technical knowledge and software development habits .
But if you have people who lack humility and maturity , it can be extremely difficult to get them to cooperate in reaching a goal , no matter how bright they are or what they 've accomplished in the past .
Chris Sells : I ask candidates , " Tell me about a problem you had with a boss or teammate .
Tell me how you 've dealt with a problem with a boss . "
Jack Ganssle : I check references .
Now , I know these people are the candidate 's five best friends , and will not say anything negative .
But I ask those references for names of people who know the candidate , and go to these others for insight .
This way I spread the net beyond anything the candidate ever imagined .
Kevlin Henney : I try to imagine if I would go to a pub and talk non -tech with them — not if I like them , but whether I could get along with them .
Are they pubbable ?
Could I talk to them in a non -office situation ?
Dawn McGee :
The most likable person is often not the best person .
Dave Thomas : I think every team of a certain size needs a professional pain in the ass , because teams get complacent , fixed in their ways .
They need nudging out of their comfort zone once in a while , so they can look at problems from a different perspective .
There are two kinds of pains in the ass : the obnoxious boor — to be avoided on all teams — and the person who never learned that grownups should n't ask " Why ? " all the time .
The latter is a treasure .
Get to Know Them
Perhaps the prominent theme of our discussion was that you need to try to get to know the candidate as best you can .
Talk to the candidate in the interview .
Try to get a feel for them .
If possible , bring them in on a trial basis or for a probationary period .
That would give you more time to get to know the candidate , and give the candidate more time to get to know you :
Chuck Allison : I talk to them .
I get a feel for them .
I always ask about what they 've done .
I have found that by discovering what a person is excited about technically , you can learn a lot of important things about them .
In the past I 've asked people to describe a project that was especially interesting to them , or that was challenging and successful .
On occasion I 've asked what they 've done that they 're the most proud of .
This usually reveals the depth of one 's understanding and mastery .
It also gets them to turn on the fire hose verbally , and you can sit back and get most of the answers you need .
Randy Stafford : I look at past projects listed on their resume , and ask them to talk about those projects — how was the team organized , what the technologies and architectures were used , was the software successful in production , etc .
In their answers I 'm listening for what lessons they learned from those experiences , and whether those lessons match with lessons I 've learned from my experiences and from professional literature .
I get a glimpse into how they perceive themselves in relation to the world around them .
Some come off as arrogant , some ignorant , some helpless .
Others sound humble , intelligent , and motivated .
I often ask them what software development literature they read .
Continuous education is very important to me .
Angelika Langer :
In Germany , hiring is like marrying someone .
It 's " until death do us part " — a marriage without the backdoor of a divorce , because you can't fire employees .
The only chance for firing someone is during a three - to six - month probationary period , or when the company goes out of business .
The major filtering is done before the interview , based on the curriculum vitae ( CV ) and submitted papers , such as evaluations from former employers .
( In Germany , employers must provide every employee with a written evaluation when they leave the company . )
The interview itself is usually brief .
The main tool in filtering is scrutinizing the CV and papers ; 98 percent of all applicants are disqualified in this phase .
The interview should confirm the impression you gain from the applicant 's papers and allows you to sense their personality .
The lucky winner then goes on a probationary period .
Probation definitely does not replace the filtering ; it just keeps a last exit open until you really must commit .
Andy Hunt :
We 've hired people who interviewed well , but they were terrible at the job .
If possible , hire them in for a trial period .
Dawn McGee :
You could also bring candidates in for half a day , and have them do what they would be doing on the job .
Conclusion
To sum up the overlying themes from our hour - long discussion in Portland :
You should look for talent and fit more than specific skill sets .
Ask open - ended questions to initiate revealing dialog .
Ask candidates to critique something .
Ask them to design something .
Investigate their past experience .
Review their code .
And through conversation and , if possible , a trial period , you should try to become familiar with the candidate 's technical abilities , talents , and personality .
How Do You Interview a Programmer ?
Do you have an opinion on the techniques mentioned in this article ?
Do you have a tool or technique you use to find good programmers ?
Please share your ideas in the News & Ideas Forum Topic : How to Interview a Programmer .
About the Author
Bill Venners is President of Artima Software , Inc. and Editor - In - Chief of Artima.com .
He is the author of Inside the Java Virtual Machine ( Computing McGraw - Hill ) , a programmer - oriented survey of the Java platform 's architecture and internals .
His popular columns in JavaWorld magazine covered Java internals , object - oriented design , and Jini .
Bill has been active in the Jini Community since its inception .
He led the Jini Community 's ServiceUI project , whose ServiceUI API became the de facto standard for associating user interfaces to Jini services .
Bill also serves as an elected member of the Jini Community 's initial Technical Oversight Committee ( TOC ) , and in this role helped to define the governance process for the community .
Resources
Chuck Allison is a professor of computer science at Utah Valley State College in Orem , Utah .
He has degrees in mathematics and practiced software development professionally from 1978 to 2001 , working for defense contractors and other large corporations .
He spent most of the 1990s as a contributing member of the C++ Standards Committee and designed the standard bitset class .
He has been a columnist for the C/C++ Users Journal ( C++ and Java ) and the editor since 1992 , and is now senior editor of the journal .
He is the author of C & C++ Code Capsules ( Prentice Hall ) and co-author with Bruce Eckel of Thinking in C++ , Volume 2 ( Prentice Hall ) .
He has taught C++ and Java extensively throughout the U.S. and is available for training and consulting from May through August :
http://www.freshsources.com/
Josh Bloch is an architect in Sun Microsystem 's Core Java Platform Group .
He has designed major enhancements to the Java APIs and language , specifically for the Java Collections API and the java .
math package .
Most recently , he led the expert groups that defined Java 's assert and preferences facilities .
In his 2001 book , Effective Java Programming Language Guide ( Addison Wesley ) , Josh distilled his wisdom into 57 concrete guidelines for designing and implementing Java programs :
http://java.sun.com/docs/books/ef fective /
Alistair Cockburn is the founder of Humans and Technology and Cockburn and Associates .
Alistair is internationally known for his work in object - oriented software development .
Alistair does technical facilitation , process and organization design , project setup , requirements gathering , and OO design :
http://alistair.cockburn.us/
Bruce Eckel is the author of Thinking in Java ( Prentice Hall ) , the Hands - On Java Seminar CD ROM , Thinking in C++ ( Prentice Hall ) , and C++ Inside and Out ( McGraw Hill ) , among others .
He 's given hundreds of presentations throughout the world , published more than 150 articles in numerous magazines , was a founding member of the ANSI / ISO C++ committee , and speaks regularly at conferences .
He provides public and private seminars and design consulting in C++ and Java :
http://www.mindview.net/
Jack Ganssle helps developers build better embedded systems faster .
He started , developed , and sold three electronics companies ; including one of the world 's leading producers of embedded development tools .
Jack is Embedded Systems Programming 's technical editor , as well the magazine 's monthly " Breakpoints " columnist .
He has published more than 300 articles on different aspects of embedded development , as well as two books ( The Art of Designing Embedded Systems and The Art of Programming Embedded Systems both published by Newnes ) on the subject .
Online , he writes the weekly " Embedded Pulse " column on embedded.com and is the editor of The Embedded Muse , a free bi-weekly email newsletter :
http://www.ganssle.com/index.htm
Matt Gerrans began his professional life as an electronic engineer but quickly saw the light and switched to software development .
He now has more than 12 years professional software development under his belt , including work in C++ , Java , Python , and yes , even JavaScript .
He is the C# columnist for Artima.com :
http://www.cyclethere.com/
Kevlin Henney is an independent consultant and trainer based in the UK .
Prior to becoming the founding director of Curbralan Limited , he was a principal technologist for QA Training .
He has developed and delivered training course material and consultancy on many aspects of OO development , which he has practiced across a number of domains for more than a decade :
http://www.curbralan.com
Andy Hunt and Dave Thomas are the " Pragmatic Programmers , " recognized internationally as experts who develop high - quality software -- accurate and highly flexible systems .
They helped write the now - famous Agile Manifesto , and regularly speak on new ways to produce software .
Their best - selling book , The Pragmatic Programmer ( Addison Wesley ) , describes their software development best practices .
They have more than 40 years combined experience in the industry .
They know practical software development :
http://www.pragmaticprogrammer.com/
Angelika Langer works as an independent freelance trainer , mentor , and consultant with a course curriculum of her own .
Her current work is backed by more than a decade of experience as a software engineer working for German and US companies and several years as a trainer and consultant .
She enjoys speaking at conferences all over the world .
Her consulting and mentoring assignments focus on code reviews , audits , project evaluations , special purpose workshops , and more .
Together with Klaus Kreft , she wrote the authoritative book Standard C++ IOStreams and Locales ( Addison Wesley ) http://www.langer.camelot.de/iostreams.htm.
Angelika also served as a columnist for C++ Report http://www.langer.camelot.de/Articles/Articles.htm#C++
Report and C/C++ Users Journal http://www.langer.camelot.de/Articles/Articles.htm#CUJ
for many years , and currently writes a column entitled " Effective Java " http://www.langer.camelot.de/Articles/Articles.htm#JavaSpektrum for the German JavaSPEKTRUM
magazine :
http://www.langer.camelot.de/
Pete McBreen is the author of Software Craftsmanship and Questioning Extreme Programming ( both by Addison Wesley ) .
He is an independent consultant who actually enjoys writing and delivering software .
Despite spending a lot of time writing , teaching , and mentoring , he goes out of his way to ensure that he does hands - on coding on a live project every year .
Pete specializes in finding creative solutions to problems that software developers face :
http://www.mcbreen.ab.ca/
Dawn McGee is a Business Consultant and Attorney .
Formerly , she served as the Lead Analyst for Underdog Ventures , LLC , in New York City and Global Partners , LLC , in Napa , California , focusing on investing in companies that have a high social impact .
Ms. McGee provides clients with legal and business advice on start up issues , business plan reviews , business formation , venture capital financing , technology development agreements , licensing agreements , intellectual property protection , private placements , joint venture agreements , real estate issues and estate planning and business succession .
She speaks frequently on the issues of angel investing , venture financing and women 's entrepreneurship .
She can be reached at :
dawnmcgee@excite.com
Scott Meyers is one of the world 's foremost experts on C++ software development .
He wrote the best - selling Effective C++ series ( Effective C++ , More Effective C++ , and Effective STL ( all Addison Wesley ) ) , wrote and designed the innovative Effective C++ CD , is consulting editor for Addison Wesley 's Effective Software Development series , and is a member of the advisory board for Software Development magazine .
He also sits on technical advisory boards for several start - up companies .
A programmer since 1972 , he holds an M.S. in computer science from Stanford University and a Ph.D. from Brown University .
Scott offers consulting and training services to clients worldwide :
http://www.aristeia.com/
Chris Sells is a consultant , author , speaker , and general technology wonk .
He specializes in component - based and distributed systems in a Windows environment , including .
Net , Web Services , COM , C++ , ATL and Win32 :
http://www.sellsbrothers.com/
Randy Stafford is a professional software developer and chief architect at IQNavigator , Inc .
He wishes he had more time for writing about software development , but has recently contributed chapters to Martin Fowler 's Patterns of Enterprise Application Architecture ( Addison Wesley ) and Floyd Marinescu's EJB Design Patterns ( John Wiley & Sons ) .
He 's been developing enterprise applications in Smalltalk or Java for 15 years in government and commercial sectors , for companies large and small .
His homepage on Ward Cunningham 's Wiki Wiki Web , where he has been a longtime community member , is :
http://c2.com/cgi/wiki?RandyStafford
Dave Thomas and Andy Hunt are the " Pragmatic Programmers , " recognized internationally as experts who develop high - quality software -- accurate and highly flexible systems .
They helped write the now - famous Agile Manifesto , and regularly speak on new ways to produce software .
Their best - selling book , The Pragmatic Programmer ( Addison Wesley ) , describes their software development best practices .
They have more than 40 years combined experience in the industry .
They know practical software development :
http://www.pragmaticprogrammer.com/
One reason I chose Erlang
Meanwhile , back at Ericsson , some Erlang - based products that were already in progress when the " ban " went into effect came to market , including the AXD 301 , an ATM switch with 99.9999999 percent reliability ( 9 nines , or 31 ms. downtime a year ! ) , which has captured 11 % of the world market .
The AXD 301 system includes 1.7 million lines of Erlang :
This is n't just some academic language .
Erlang in BYTE.com
I really should write more about Erlang ( as I promised ) , but I 've been busy actually writing Couch Db in it .
Anyway , the above fact about the extreme reliability of a 1.7 LOC switch was one big reason I chose Erlang for CouchDb .
I did it sort of on faith , not sure why I should use this language , only that it claimed to address problems that I could n't figure out how to solve with regular software tools .
And it seemed to walk the walk with real shipping products .
So I had high hopes about Erlang , and I must say I have n't been disappointed .
Honestly , I was expecting something different .
I 'm not sure what I was expecting , but what I found surprised me big time , the Erlang OTP platform has completely changed the way I view reliable software construction .
One thing I 've found surprising was it 's just as easy to create bugs in Erlang code as it is in other languages , it does not have a silver bullet to eliminate software defects .
But its reliability does n't come from being so much better about creating bug free code , but how well it tolerates bugs and faults .
In properly designed Erlang software , when a component has a problem , -- it hit an unexpected condition , runs out of memory , times - out , etc -- the component is restarted .
If the problem continues , then the parent can be restarted .
If necessary , the system can shut down the faulty component permanently , or continue restarting components until the entire application is restarted , essentially a fresh restart .
Basically it has built into it a notion that shit will happen , so let 's not allow small problems to wreck our whole application .
It goes a long long way towards addressing otherwise intractable problems like memory leaks , memory fragmentation , deadlocks and infinite recursion .
Kill first , ask questions later might as well be the Erlang motto .
And why not ?
You just respawn what you kill .
And while it may sound hard to write software this way , it 's actually far easier than you think , because there is very little error handling code cluttering up everything .
This incremental restart strategy is not possible in languages with mutable data and shared state threading models ( such as Java , C# and just about every other mainstream programming language ) .
Posted June 13 , 2006 12:50 AM
WHO , WHAT , WHY ?
The Magazine answers ...
Adverts are in British newspapers asking for cash donations
The world 's only superpower has been forced to turn to aid agencies to speed up the humanitarian effort in the wake of Katrina .
Seemingly unable to draw on its wealth at short notice to immediately respond to the disaster , charities in other countries , such as the British Red Cross , are now launching appeals to raise money .
In addition half a million military ration packs worth an estimated £ 3 m have been flown out from the UK and more are expected to follow .
The public in many countries are accustomed to providing aid to poverty stricken developing nations , but the need to provide assistance to the most opulent country in the world may leave many perplexed .
Sympathy
It is not a position the US is used to being in either .
President George W Bush seemed to initially dismiss suggestions of receiving foreign assistance .
WHO , WHAT , WHY ?
A new feature to the BBC News Magazine - aiming to answer some of the questions behind the headlines
Ask a question
Later , US Secretary of State , Condoleezza Rice , said " no offers of assistance will be refused ' ' .
The gross national income of the US is $ 37,870 per capita , according to the World Bank .
It is just $ 810 for tsunami-hit Indonesia and $ 200 for poverty - stricken Niger .
And , national wealth aside , Americans have a strong track record of generosity concerning disasters on their own soil .
They gave $ 2bn following the 11 September attacks .
' Unprecedented '
The British Red Cross says the appeal is about getting money quickly to speed up the aid effort , but admits it does raise questions about measures the US Government has in place to deal with large - scale domestic disasters .
There are broader political questions about the response of the richest country in the world to such a disaster on its own soil
Red Cross
" But there are broader political questions about the response of the richest country in the world to such a disaster on its own soil .
Hopefully they will be addressed in the fullness of time and lessons will be learned . "
No country has enough rations to deal with such an immediate need and so an appeal for outside help is inevitable , say experts .
The Ministry of Defence 's director of logistics operations , Brigadier Chris Steirn , who co-ordinates the distribution of all military supplies , says : " You do n't have billions of rations stacked up in one place and so they are quite often traded between nations . "
The American Red Cross has mobilised its biggest - ever aid effort
Cathy Pharoah , a researcher at the Charities Aid Foundation , points out that it is difficult to predict how people will react because such devastation in such an affluent country is unprecedented in recent times .
But she believes harrowing images depicting " human suffering " in the media will loosen British purse strings .
" People wanted to see that the government of a highly developed western country were putting the money in , but when human need stories begin to emerge , people will respond . "
Credit card donations can be made to the Hurricane Katrina Appeal by calling 08450 53 53 53 , by going to www.redcross.org.uk/katrina, or by sending cheques to Hurricane Katrina Appeal , British Red Cross , Freepost LON18968 , Sheffield , S98 1ZA .
Donations in US dollars can be made directly to the American Red Cross at www.redcross.org
This may be the richest Country , but the poor exist here .
If any light can be found from this tragedy , it is that the faces of the poor are being seen .
The Country we live in has been concerned about bending over for business , in return the poor are lost .
Those who will recover have the resources , those who wo n't , need the help .
Indra Rose , Los Angeles USA
I will not be giving to this appeal .
The United States is the richest country in the history of the modern world .
They should be diverting their wealth into domestic social care programs not into imposing their economic will on the rest of the world .
Maybe this will be the wake up call that the people of the US need .
Alan , Herefordshire
As a British citizen who has lived in the US for over 20 years and as someone who has witnessed the outpouring of help and aid , both financial and material , that this country has always given to those in need whereever they are .
I am disgusted and appalled that reciprocal aid to us would even be questioned .
Unless you are here in the US you cannot begin to comprehend the enormity of this disaster .
The American public has already donated millions and millions of dollars as well as their time , their homes and their cities to the refugees .
Dee Branigan , Cumming , Georgia , USA
Of cause people gladley gave after the tsunami , that is understadable .
But surely there are enough people in USA that can charitable donations .
Should the US government not spend it 's own money helping these people ?
Even if it ment selling gold reserves .
To ask other nations for help , and then retaining wealth makes my skin crawl .
What % of the American defense budget is needed for aid I ask ?
gareth bruce , warwick
I can understand that aid agencies , such as the British Red Cross , can provide the physical help in terms of food parcels and staff on the ground .
But why does this need to be paid for via charitable donations ?
Surely the US Government can transfer money to these agencies easily enough , rather than it needing to be raised by charitable donations .
James Wilson , London , UK
Your article raises a good question .
Although the U.S. may be the wealthiest nation , we have been shown to be the least organized and least prepared .
It is a shame and a sin that the aftermath of Katrina was so harshly felt by so many who were otherwise powerless in its wake .
We are furious that our government has been so unresponsive to the needs of its citizens .
Thank you to those around the world that helped , we needed it but should n't have .
Linda Thornton , Sierra Madre , CA , USA
A quick staw poll of people in my office shows up a feeling of disgust that the US can't free up enough funds .
I do n't think anyone here is planning on giving ...
Brian Cooper , London , UK
They do n't need our aid .
If they do n't put their full backing to G8 , how should they expect us to help ?
Although , we should help our ' across the pond ' cousins need our help in this crisis .
We would do the same ... maybe they will give more generously next time .
Tyron , Kent
I agree that no one country can have in place all the necessary food packs , bedding , water , medicines etc. at one time and that international aid is necessary - and recriprocal
Jenny Bradbury , Canterbury , Kent , U.K .
I think the fact that america is accepting aid from other poorer countries is very wrong & proves that the US & other developed countries i.e the UK use & abuse charity appeals i believe that the money donated to america will only be used to soften the blow as they have enough $ $ to sort this mess out Bush just does n't want to spend that money !
I for one will not be donating
Luke , England West sussex Southwater
I think the immediate need is to help the poor people .
Donating to the Red Cross is helping the poor people .
The median income in the US may be high , but the people in Louisiana , Mississippi and Alabama do not necessarily share in this wealth .
Pat Barsalou , Sault Ste Marie , ON Canada
Yes we should help .
The area devastated is the size of the UK , no government could possibly help all of those people without aid , regardless of being a superpower or not !
Andy , Wales
Your article makes it sound as if all of us are well off when in fact due to our cost of living a large portion of us are just getting by .
We have a large number on assistance as well .
Do not compare our supposed income with third world nations - due to the imbalance of the cost of living .
You sound shocked that we need your ( the world ) help .
When any other country has had a problem we have been there .
Our resources are stretched a bit thin now , so we ask for your help .
Think of it as a parent who has always been there for you and now needs your help to get by .
Americans have been very generous in the past in time of need , even when we did not have much , we still gave .
To not return the favor would be bad manners as well as the next time you need help we might be able to be there for you .
We remember those who help us and those who do not .
Samantha , NYC , NY USA
This is a disgrace .
I am shocked by what happened to the people of New Orleans and surrounding area but To give to a country that obviously went to war for other motives and spent millions on this .
A country that is the richest in the world and has the most resources .
I will not be helping - Considering the country is reluctant to help the truly needy countries eradicate poverty .
Trevor Kingdon , Forest of Dean
The US has shown amazing generosity in the past both in humanitarian and military help .
It is really rather pathetic that some people seem to almost be rejocing at the fact the US needs help not withstanding the fact that any other country in the world would be far less capable of dealing with a disaster of this scale .
We should remember the help offered by the US over the last century and dig deep now .
steve , manchester
I do n't think this is an unreasonable request to make .
As for " woulda " shoulda " coulda " - do n't worry , we as Americans will be the first to question our country 's slow response to this catastrophe .
Hannah Henry , Little Rock , Arkansas USA
Some people are confusing International and Domestic Aid agencies with the US Government .
The US Government has not asked for any help , while also stating that no offer will be refused .
The Red Cross and Salvation Army are asking EVERYONE for donations so that they can provide immediate food and shelter to the people affected by this tragedy .
Do n't let your hatred of the current administration blind you to the plight of your fellow man .
Richard Gantes , Yuba City , California , US
Seeing these comments I 'm outraged at the reason people deciding not to give donations to this horrendous tragedy .
When you deal with natural disasters politics should be set aside .
The U.S. even sent aid to the victims of the earthquake in Iran in 2003 .
Venezuela and Cuba have offered help , and the U.S. are not in best terms with either country .
LEAVE POLITICS ASIDE , AND HELP THESE VICTIMS !!
Jerome Melgar , Farmersville , CA , U.S
Everyone always asks of the US for help .
I find it amazing people find it a disgrace that the US are receiving aid .
Surely , " treat people how you expect to be treated " still applies ?
It 's plain manners and humility .
Vincent , Nottingham
Thank you for your comments - this debate is now closed .
Verfassungsurteil Fahnder können auf E - Mails zugreifen
Das Verfassungsgericht hat die Bedingungen für die Beschlagnahme von Handy - und Computerdaten neu definiert : Fahnder erhalten Zugriff , müssen sich aber an Regeln halten .
Spannend sind die Nebenwirkungen : Verstößt die entsprechende EU - Richtlinie gegen deutsches Recht ?
Chronicle of Higher Education - web daily - January 19 , 2006
Antiwar Protests on 8 Campuses Appear on Pentagon List of ‘ Threats ’ to National Security
By KELLY FIELD Washington
Antiwar protests at eight colleges have made a Pentagon watch list of “ suspicious incidents . ”
The 400 - page list , which was obtained by NBC News , includes information on 1,500 “ threats ” to national security that occurred over a recent 10 - month period , and characterizes them as either “ credible ” or “ not credible . ”
The campus protests , all of which were aimed at military recruiters , occurred at New York University ( twice ) , the State University of New York at Albany ( twice ) , Southern Connecticut State University , City College of the City University of New York , the University of California campuses at Berkeley and at Santa Cruz , an unspecified campus of the University of Wisconsin , and “ a New Jersey university . ”
Only one of the events , the protest at Santa Cruz , was cited as a “ credible threat . ”
Snehal A. Shingavi , a Ph.D. candidate in English who participated in the Berkeley protest , said he was surprised to learn that his actions were considered a threat .
The demonstration drew only 20 students , he said , and was , by protest standards , quite tame .
“ It just shows how far off base the Department of Defense is with respect to what are genuine threats , ” said Mr. Shingavi , a member of Berkeley ’s Stop the War Coalition .
“ That student activists protesting war are seen as a threat to national security is patently laughable . ”
Kermit L. Hall , president of SUNY - Albany and a constitutional scholar , said he was “ disappointed ” that the Defense Department had not at least notified the university that a protest on its campus was on the list .
The failure to do so , he said , shows “ no regard for our independence or autonomy as a higher - education institution . ”
A Pentagon spokesman denied reports that the department was spying on college students , but confirmed that the department maintains a database of “ unfiltered ” threat information , known as Talon .
Run by a Pentagon office called Counterintelligence Field Activity , the database contains “ dots ” of information provided by law - enforcement , intelligence , and security agencies and from “ concerned citizens , ” the spokesman said .
“ The idea is that a trained analyst can look at the threat and see , Is it verifiable ?
Is it connectable ? , so we can connect the dots before the next major attack occurs . ”
To at least one former Army intelligence officer , however , the Defense Department ’s actions look like history repeating itself .
Christopher H. Pyle , a politics professor at Mount Holyoke College who blew the whistle on the Defense Department for monitoring antiwar and civil - rights protests during the 1960s , said students have been asking him what risks they take in protesting .
“ I think this could inhibit people in their exercise of their protest rights , ” he said .
Several members of Congress have written to Secretary of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld to voice their concerns about the database .
Welcome to The Book of THOTH
The Book of THOTH is a site that is dedicated to uniting the principles of knowledge , method and wisdom with the purpose of finding the true path to enlightenment .
Here the triple currents of mysticism , magick and the tarot combine as one force .
Egypt is the spiritual home of Crowleys Liber Al , and The Book of THOTH his legacy .
The Book of THOTH we know is the collective name for the tarot ; it is also an enigmatic and magickal legend that forever connects Atlantis and Egypt .
Here we hope youll encounter the wisdom of THOTH , the mystery of Egypt and the magick of Crowley .
Journey through mystery school tradition , through the realms of secret and not so secret societies but most importantly reclaim the legacy of magick and the Tarot to become a true child of the new aeon .
Both wisdom and knowledge can be found in the Book of THOTH ~ and hopefully well raise a few smiles along the way !
Here youll find a well of information not only on Crowley , the occult , magick , mysticism and of course the tarot , but also information regarding other prominent occultists .
You can browse through hundreds of occult related articles or if youd like to , try a free tarot reading using the Thoth deck or even a free I - Ching reading .
The Book of Thoth Featured Article - Crowley 's Book
Aleister Crowleys  The Book of Thoth - A Treasury of Truth and Beauty
Crowley was undoubtedly one of the finest occult minds of our time and soon realised that despite the historical interest in the tarot that occultists harboured , there was a distinct lack of authentic texts that explored the cards , let alone develop them .
He resolved to rectify that omission by creating one definitive text that would make the Tarot accessible to everyone who had the desire to learn .
Guided by the intelligences that had directed him throughout his life , Crowley penned a legend , an extensive treatise on the tarot , which he named The Book of Thoth , after the tradition of wisdom itself .
Crowleys Book of Thoth incorporates the wisdom , philosophy , science and magick of Egypt , melding eastern and western mystery traditions to create the most complete method of studying the tarot and finding self - knowledge that there is in existence .
Occultists such as A.E. Waite have written their own studies of the tarot , but none of the succeeded in imparting the occult wisdom of Crowley s classic text .
It has to be said that the Book of Thoth is not usually recommended for newcomers to the tarot and to the occult .
It unites Cabbalistic tradition , Tarot , philosophy , science and magick to create a complete yet multi-faceted tradition creating a tool that can be used to explore the magickal and mystical elements of both microcosm and macrocosm .
To continue reading the article please According to ancient tradition , The Book of Thoth was the legendary repository of the Egyptian mysteries ; as such it is forever connected with occult knowledge , mystery schools and the esoteric secrets and magical systems that these schools taught .
The Book of Thoth has long been associated with the tarot , which is said by many to be the embodiment of its teachings .
Crowley was undoubtedly one of the finest occult minds of our time and soon realised that despite the historical interest in the tarot that occultists harboured , there was a distinct lack of authentic texts that explored the cards , let alone develop them .
He resolved to rectify that omission by creating one definitive text that would make the Tarot accessible to everyone who had the desire to learn .
Guided by the intelligences that had directed him throughout his life , Crowley penned a legend , an extensive treatise on the tarot , which he named The Book of Thoth , after the tradition of wisdom itself .
Crowleys Book of Thoth incorporates the wisdom , philosophy , science and magick of Egypt , melding eastern and western mystery traditions to create the most complete method of studying the tarot and finding self - knowledge that there is in existence .
Occultists such as A.E. Waite have written their own studies of the tarot , but none of the succeeded in imparting the occult wisdom of Crowley s classic text .
It has to be said that the Book of Thoth is not usually recommended for newcomers to the tarot and to the occult .
It unites Cabbalistic tradition , Tarot , philosophy , science and magick to create a complete yet multi-faceted tradition creating a tool that can be used to explore the magickal and mystical elements of both microcosm and macrocosm .
To continue reading the article please click here
The Book of Thoth Featured Article - Crowley Biography
A Fact Sheet on Aleister Crowley
Aleister Crowley ( Edward Alexander Crowley ) was born 12 October in the same year as the foundation of the Theosophical Society ( 1875 ) , at Leamington Spa at 11.30 pm .
He was therefore a Libran with Pisces moon and Leo rising .
Contrary to popular legend , he died on the 1st December 1947 .
A review in Cambridge University magazine Granta of 1904 provides some guidance on the pronunciation of the great man 's name : ' Oh , Crowley , name for future fame !
/( Do you pronounce it Croully ? ) / Whate 'er the worth of this your mirth / It reads a trifle foully . '
The myth of the magus has grown to prodigious proportions in the half century or more since the old man 's death .
Crowley is now firmly established in the popular mind as a folk hero ( or anti hero ? ) , transmogrified to an icon on a spectrum somewhere between ' the sandman ' ( Clive Barker version ) and ' the gringe ' .
To many , Crowley 's magick ( I am using the archaic form of the term as popularised by AC for technical reasons ) , provides a neat dividing line between some kind of urban high magical tradition and the supposedly more earth centred styles of neo-paganism .
The truth is , as always , a lot more complex .
Crowley 's magick draws all of it's power from nature , see for example an ancient Egyptian formula : ' so that every Spirit of the Firmament and of the Ether : Upon the Earth and under the Earth ; on dry land and in the Water : of whirling Air ; and of rushing Fire and every spell and scourge of God may be obedient to Me . '
To continue reading the article please ' Do what thou wilt shall be the whole of the Law ' Aleister Crowley ( Edward Alexander Crowley ) was born 12 October in the same year as the foundation of the Theosophical Society ( 1875 ) , at Leamington Spa at 11.30 pm .
He was therefore a Libran with Pisces moon and Leo rising .
Contrary to popular legend , he died on the 1st December 1947 .
A review in Cambridge University magazine Granta of 1904 provides some guidance on the pronunciation of the great man 's name : ' Oh , Crowley , name for future fame !
/( Do you pronounce it Croully ? ) / Whate 'er the worth of this your mirth / It reads a trifle foully .
' The myth of the magus has grown to prodigious proportions in the half century or more since the old man 's death .
Crowley is now firmly established in the popular mind as a folk hero ( or anti hero ? ) , transmogrified to an icon on a spectrum somewhere between ' the sandman ' ( Clive Barker version ) and ' the gringe ' .
To many , Crowley 's magick ( I am using the archaic form of the term as popularised by AC for technical reasons ) , provides a neat dividing line between some kind of urban high magical tradition and the supposedly more earth centred styles of neo-paganism .
The truth is , as always , a lot more complex .
Crowley 's magick draws all of it's power from nature , see for example an ancient Egyptian formula : ' so that every Spirit of the Firmament and of the Ether : Upon the Earth and under the Earth ; on dry land and in the Water : of whirling Air ; and of rushing Fire and every spell and scourge of God may be obedient to Me .
'
To continue reading the article please click here
The Book of Thoth Featured Article - Lady Frieda Harris
Projective Synthetic Geometry in Lady Frieda Harris Tarot Paintings and in Aleister .
Crowleys The Book of Thoth
33 years later , Crowley met the artist painter Lady Frieda Harris .
He had decided to create a new Tarot deck and asked Harris to paint the cards according his ideas , that is according to his instructions .
Harris agreed , became a member of the O.T.O. and they began their work .
A lot of the cards had to be painted several times .
The drafts still are in private possession while the final originals can be found at the Warburg Institute London , a part of the University Library .
The Library Warburg was founded in 1903 by the jewish son of a banker , Aby Warburg in Hamburg .
At the beginning of the Nazi regime in 1933 , the complete collection ( 80,000 books ) was sent to London where the Warburg Institute now was founded .
There , I was able to study the original Tarot paintings .
I also saw the unpublished drafts of earlier versions , in private ownership .
Lady Frieda Harris painted far more versions than the published ones .
All in all , she worked five years on them .
To continue reading the article please
It was in 1904 when the English magician Aleister Crowley wrote the the Book of the Law .
It was dictated by a praeter - human intelligence calling itself Aiwass .
The book consists of three chapters written down in Cairo on 8th , 9th and 10th April at noon.33 years later , Crowley met the artist painter Lady Frieda Harris .
He had decided to create a new Tarot deck and asked Harris to paint the cards according his ideas , that is according to his instructions .
Harris agreed , became a member of the O.T.O. and they began their work .
A lot of the cards had to be painted several times .
The drafts still are in private possession while the final originals can be found at the Warburg Institute London , a part of the University Library .
The Library Warburg was founded in 1903 by the jewish son of a banker , Aby Warburg in Hamburg .
At the beginning of the Nazi regime in 1933 , the complete collection ( 80,000 books ) was sent to London where the Warburg Institute now was founded .
There , I was able to study the original Tarot paintings .
I also saw the unpublished drafts of earlier versions , in private ownership .
Lady Frieda Harris painted far more versions than the published ones .
All in all , she worked five years on them .
To continue reading the article please click here
The Book of Thoth Featured Article - Psychology of the Tarot
Chaos and the Psychological Symbolism of the Tarot
Loye and Eisler ( 1987 ) see the roots of modern chaos theory , as it pertains to social science , extending all the way back to the ancient Chinese Book of Changes or I Ching .
The I Ching , the oldest oracle still in use today , ( Bannister , 1988 ) was used to make predictions by casting stalks , straws , or sticks .
Today , this is usually done by throwing coins ( Cleary , 1986 ) .
In the West , the oldest oracle still in use today is the Tarot card deck .
The Tarot is a deck of cards which can be used for meditation , psychic stimulation , or divination .
It also can be used as a psychological tool to look inside the unconscious ( Bannister , 1988 ; Nichols , 1984 ) .
The Tarot is medieval man 's equivalent of today 's highly respected Rorschach and Thematic Apperception tests ( Schueler & Schueler , 1994 ) .
Wang ( 1978 ) describes the Tarot as " a system accepted by many respectable sources such as the school of Carl Jung , which views the Tarot images as agreeing perfectly with the archetypes of the collective unconsciousness " ( p. 8 ) .
To continue reading the article please The Tarot deck contains archetypal symbols that can be related to the analytical psychology of the Swiss psychologist , Carl Jung .
The Tarot deck , especially the major arcana or trump cards , can be used effectively in therapy .
The client , with the assistance of the therapist , conducts a reading or uses several cards to tell a story and then discusses possible meanings of the symbols in his or her own words .
The therapist then relates the symbolic meanings given by the client to the client 's problem in much the same manner as in Jungian dream analysis .
This therapeutic process can be explained by using a chaos model .
Using a chaos model of therapy , a period of psychic instability is deliberately induced by the therapist through stimulation of the imagination via the Tarot symbols .
Concentration on the Tarot symbols induces bifurcation points that the therapist then uses to direct change toward desired attractors .
This is similar to the well - known techniques of paradoxical communication , paradoxical intervention , and prescribing the symptom , all of which induce a temporary condition of psychic instability that is required for a bifurcation .
Loye and Eisler ( 1987 ) see the roots of modern chaos theory , as it pertains to social science , extending all the way back to the ancient Chinese Book of Changes or I Ching .
The I Ching , the oldest oracle still in use today , ( Bannister , 1988 ) was used to make predictions by casting stalks , straws , or sticks .
Today , this is usually done by throwing coins ( Cleary , 1986 ) .
In the West , the oldest oracle still in use today is the Tarot card deck .
The Tarot is a deck of cards which can be used for meditation , psychic stimulation , or divination .
It also can be used as a psychological tool to look inside the unconscious ( Bannister , 1988 ; Nichols , 1984 ) .
The Tarot is medieval man 's equivalent of today 's highly respected Rorschach and Thematic Apperception tests ( Schueler & Schueler , 1994 ) .
Wang ( 1978 ) describes the Tarot as " a system accepted by many respectable sources such as the school of Carl Jung , which views the Tarot images as agreeing perfectly with the archetypes of the collective unconsciousness " ( p. 8 ) .
To continue reading the article please click here
Background People have been trying to classify and organize information for thousands of years .
There are many examples of cataloged items in ancient repositories , including items in the Library of Alexandria in Egypt .
Taxonomy arose as an attempt to organize information about plants and animals in the physical world , and Aristotle is often considered the father of classification or taxonomy .
In his Categories , he names Substances ( nouns ) and determines the nine distinctive things that can be said about a particular thing [ 1 ] .
How we ultimately name something reflects the category to which we assign it .
Through the development of categories , one is trying to answer the question , " What is it ? "
Taxonomic methodology has also become important in mathematical set theory through discussions of set , class , aggregate , and collection [ 2 ] .
Neo -Aristotelian realists are as interested today in taxonomy as they are in ontology .
Accurate classification is important in most , if not all , disciplines .
In today 's networked world of digital information , classification has become very important .
One gathers , collects , and shares resources , making the organization of databases and websites crucial .
Items that are different or strange can become a barrier to networking [ 3 ] .
Therefore , with the advent of the Internet , structure and consistency of classification or indexing schemes has taken on a new relevancy .
Traditional Classification
Although they do not construct ontologies , catalogers and indexers are the inheritors of the Aristotelian tradition of categorizing things .
Catalogers work with information ( books or journal articles ) instead of biological entities like animals , but there are similarities in the processes of classification they use .
When a cataloger applies a subject term to a book or a keyword descriptor to a journal article , he or she attempts to apply specific , relevant terms to the work .
The cataloger is naming the work and distinguishing it from other works , yet is also grouping the work with similar entities .
Keeping in mind contraries , particulars , and categories , a cataloger applies basic Aristotelian principles .
A book on horses would receive the specific subject heading Horses even though many of the horses described in the book may be different from each other , e.g. , Arabian horses vs. Thoroughbred horses , or white horses vs. black horses .
Moreover , if one assigned the subject heading " white horse " to a photograph , it would be incorrect to also assign the subject heading " black horse " .
Aristotelian contraries do matter in traditional classification systems .
Perhaps the most important philosophical underpinning of traditional classification is the phrase , " A is not B " .
Even if a cataloger did not hold an underlying metaphysical stance that there is a particular way things are , the necessity of classifying and grouping physical objects has placed catalogers into that framework .
Book A might be related to Book B , but a choice has to be made between them when classifying them .
Classical cataloging is restrictive rather than expansive .
It is irrelevant that digital items can reside in more than one place , since one is talking about a classification scheme , not about the items themselves .
Another foundation of classical cataloging is the priority of the author 's intent .
" The cataloger must envisage the needs of the reader , endeavoring in every way to make it a simple process for him to find books .
He should , like the librarian , adopt a neutral stand between the reader and his books , giving emphasis to what the author intended to describe rather than to his own views " [ 4 ] .
This quote is timely since it recognizes the needs of the information seeker , but settles on a preference for the author 's intent .
The acceptance and prioritization of the author 's intent as the way the item should be understood and therefore classified have traditionally been part of the practice of cataloging .
Recognizing an author 's intent can sometimes be difficult ; nevertheless , the goal is to recognize the author 's intent over others ' interpretations .
Folksonomy
In the digital information world , folksonomy has emerged as an alternative to traditional classification .
An article in Wikipedia states : " A folksonomy is an Internet - based information retrieval methodology consisting of collaboratively generated , open - ended labels that categorize content such as Web pages , online photographs , and Web links " [ 5 ] .
The labels are called " tags " , and they can make a search engine more effective in finding content because the vocabulary used for tags is user - generated rather than author - generated . "
It seems appropriate to define " folksonomy " using Wikipedia , since Wikipedia itself is a good example of a social network of individuals contributing to a work .
Wikipedia allows any person on the Internet to contribute articles to it without judgment from others .
( Hammond and others have preferred to call folksonomies " social bookmarking " , thereby emphasizing the social networking often achieved by a collaborative effort of assigning subjects and tagging an online piece [ 6 ] . )
What can folksonomies or collaborative tagging achieve ?
" In contrast to professionally developed controlled vocabularies ( also called taxonomies ) , folksonomies are unsystematic and , from an information scientist 's point of view , unsophisticated ; however , for Internet users , they dramatically lower content categorization costs because there is no complicated , hierarchically organized nomenclature to learn .
One simply creates and applies tags on the fly " [ 7 ] .
Gray and others recognize the overall importance of folksonomies , but also note some problems with them , including typographical errors or spelling variations [ 8 ] .
The overall usefulness of folksonomies is not called into question ; just how they can be refined without losing the openness that makes them so popular .
Weinberger and others claim that folksonomies provide more benefits than simply cost benefits .
They view the social aspect of tagging to be the most important feature of folksonomies to users .
Weinberger points out that " readers , not just authors , get to tag objects .
An author is an authority when it comes to what she intended her work to be about , but not about when [ sic ] it means to others .
When it comes to searching , what a work means to the searcher is far more important than the author 's intention " [ 9 ] .
Weinberger also mentions as benefits financial savings and elimination of bureaucracies of catalogers and indexers , but the salient feature is the relevance of the subject terms to the searcher rather than to the author .
Hence , since there are multitudes of Internet searchers , a multitude of tags is possible and indeed welcome .
This candidness reveals more about the philosophy behind folksonomies .
Philosophical relativism appears to be the underlying philosophy behind folksonomies .
Because of those underpinnings , it is possible to jettison the limitations of a traditional classification statement such as " A is not B " .
In a folksonomy system , " A is relative to B " , because each item 's index terms will depend on the individual user and the tags he or she decides to use .
A philosophy of relativism allows folksonomy to draw on many users with various perceptions to classify a document instead of relying on one individual cataloger to set the index terms for that item .
Thus , classification terms become relative to each user .
Certainly all individuals ' perceptions are influenced by their own experiences and cultures , whereas the professional cataloger , even if trying to be unbiased , has only one viewpoint .
Yet to include all viewpoints opens up a classification scheme to the inconsistency that allows a work to be both about A and not about A .
There is no question that an individual might have a personal , valid interpretation of a text .
That is not the issue .
The issue is that adding enough of those individual interpretations through tags can lead to inconsistencies within the classification scheme itself .
Take , for example , a dissertation entitled Chemical effects of biofilm colonization on steel parts of automobiles in United States cities .
Based on the author 's intention , the keywords assigned to the dissertation by a traditional cataloger might be : Biofilms ; Corrosion .
However , the same dissertation could be interpreted by an Internet reader as a work on the destruction caused by rust in the Rustbelt who might then use the tag : Destruction ; Detroit for the dissertation .
The folksonomy tag headings , Destruction ; Detroit , would persist on the Web as access points to the dissertation .
A search of the Web reveals sites , including many university websites , where folksonomy tags are now being employed , including an increase in the use of folksonomies for classifying Electronic Theses and Dissertations ( ETDs ) .
Although folksonomy tags began with bookmarking personal web sites , or grouping digital images in Flickr , some are now using such tagging to index academic journal articles and university dissertations .
Although folksonomy practitioners point out some problems with the practice , they typically center on language problems .
Gray mentions linguistic issues .
Weinberger admits that differing terms might be applied when employing folksonomies , but that those will be minimal and eventually sorted out .
For example , he refers to one user assigning a heading of " San Francisco " , while another uses " Frisco " .
Some advocates of folksonomies have recognized that a democratic approach to Web cataloging also contributes to the abundance of irrelevant or inaccurate information , usually referred to as " Meta Noise " .
Meta Noise can be inadvertent ( spelling white horse as whit horse ) , inaccurate ( tagging White Horse when the image is of a white cat ) , or irrelevant ( using an esoteric tag known to very few ) .
Overall , many will view folksonomic classification of the Web , as Weinberger does , as " messy and inelegant and inefficient , but it will be Good Enough " [ 10 ] .
If Weinberger means that it might be good for allowing individual users to supply their own tags , he might be correct .
However , if he means that it will be good for the average user , his claim is questionable , since folksonomies will not produce an efficient index .
Some of the problems with folksonomies can be traced to problems inherent with relativism .
The first is that folksonomy tags are not merely " messy " , they can be inaccurate .
Because they assume a non-Aristotelian stance , the tags allow contraries to exist .
If I tag an article with the subject " white horse " and you tag it " black horse " , that is all right since both can coexist in a folksonomy classification scheme .
The problem with relativism is the question : " relative to what ? "
Each Internet user is bringing to bear on the item a different linguistic and cultural background .
Although this is an inherent strength of folksonomies ( since it recognizes many valuable individual perspectives ) , it can also lead to the existence of contraries .
A folksonomy advocate might reply that this is not true since the tags are relative to each user .
Yet , within the database itself , tagging allows an inconsistency to exist .
This situation is , perhaps , the strongest criticism one could make of folksonomies .
A dissertation displayed on the Internet could be assigned subject headings deemed true to some groups of readers , but those same headings could deemed false by other readers .
Therefore , a folksonomy universe allows both true and false statements to coexist .
Because tags are relativized , personal , idiosyncratic views can coexist and thrive in the form of tags , in spite of their inconsistencies .
Readers of texts on the Internet become individual interpreters , despite the document author 's intent .
Related to this is the problem of hermeneutics when multiple interpretations abound .
As Eco once observed , " while it is a principle of hermeneutics that there are no facts , only interpretations " , this does not prevent us from asking if there might not be " bad " interpretations .
Because to say that there are no facts , only interpretations , certainly means that what appears to us as fact is the effect of interpretations but not that every possible interpretation produces something that , in light of subsequent interpretations , we are obliged to consider as fact [ 11 ] .
As with the example given above in this article about the dissertation about rust , personal interpretations and judgments might be wrong if one is considering the author 's intent .
Yet , a stated premise of advocates of folksonomy is that the searcher 's interpretation of a document is actually more important than the intent of the document 's author .
Even should all interpretations be of equal worth , if users can continuously add tags to articles , at some point it is likely that the whole system will become unusable .
A folksonomic system threatens to undermine its own usefulness .
A final criticism one could make of folksonomies as classification systems is that their advocates seem to assume everything on the Internet needs to be organized and classified .
Anyone who has a home library knows that this is not necessarily true .
Everyday , individuals make critical assessments of information bits they encounter .
Their first decision is whether or not to retain the information , and if so , how to organize it .
Folksonomy advocates seem not to recognize that critical , first decision about retention .
The free labor available to create folksonomies is appealing only to those who have already agreed that the entire Internet needs some organization and cataloging .
However , rather than being retained and organized , many Internet items could be eliminated , ignored , or allowed to die off .
Most people put into the wastebasket ( physically or online ) flyers , ads and newsletters , and would not bother to organize ephemera .
Concluding Comments
The choice to use folksonomy for organizing information on the Internet is not a simple , straightforward decision , but one with important underlying philosophical issues .
Although folksonomy advocates are beginning to correct some linguistic and cultural variations when applying tags , inconsistencies within the folksonomic classification scheme will always persist .
There are no right or wrong classification terms in a folksonomic world , and the system can break down when applied to databases of journal articles or dissertations .
Folksonomists are confusing cataloging structure with personal opinions and subsequent social bookmarking .
These are not the same thing , and they need to be separated .
A traditional classification scheme based on Aristotelian categories yields search results that are more exact .
Traditional cataloging can be more time consuming , and is by definition more limiting , but it does result in consistency within its scheme .
Folksonomy allows for disparate opinions and the display of multicultural views ; however , in the networked world of information retrieval , a display of all views can also lead to a breakdown of the system .
One is reminded of the Borges story about the Chinese emperor who wanted an accurate map of China [ 12 ] .
The resulting map was very accurate , but it was exactly the size of China .
With its inclusiveness , it was of no help , and it finally disintegrated .
Most information seekers want the most relevant hits when keying in a search query .
Folksonomy is a scheme based on philosophical relativism , and therefore it will always include the failings of relativism .
A traditional classification scheme will consistently provide better results to information seekers .
References [ 1 ]
Jonathan Barnes , ed .
The complete works of Aristotle .
Princeton : Princeton University Press , 1984 , p. 4 . [ 2 ]
John R. Gregg .
The language of taxonomy , an application of symbolic logic to the study of classification schemes .
New York : Columbia University Press , 1954 , p. viii . [ 3 ]
Lorcan Dempsey .
The library and the network in the changing research and learning environment .
Montana State University Academic Libraries Symposium , Sept. 29 , 2006 . [ 4 ]
Margaret Mann .
Introduction to cataloging and classification of books .
Chicago : American Library Association , 1930 , p. 3 . [ 5 ]
" Folksonomy . "
In Wikipedia .
Retrieved November 10 , 2006 from < http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Folksonomy>. [ 6 ]
Tony Hammonds , et al .
" Social bookmarking tools ( I ) , a general review . "
D - Lib Magazine 11 ( 4 ) .
November 10 , 2006 from < doi:10.1045/april2005-hammond > . [ 7 ]
" Folksonomy . "
In Wikipedia . [ 8 ]
Marieke Guy and Emma Tonkin .
" Folksonomies : tidying up tags ? " D - Lib Magazine 12 ( 1 ) .
Retrieved November 10 , 2006 from < doi:10.1045/january2006-guy > . [ 9 ]
David Weinberger .
" Tagging and why it matters . "
Retrieved November 10 , 2006 from < http://cyber.law.harvard.edu/home/2005-07>. [ 10 ]
Ibid . [ 11 ]
Umberto Eco. Kant and the platypus , essays on language and cognition .
New York : Harcourt Brace , 1997 , p. 48 . [ 12 ]
Jorge Luis Borges .
Everything and nothing .
New York : New Directions , 1988 .
Copyright © 2006 Elaine Peterson
New research published today into climate change in Asia could explain why many glaciers there are growing and not melting .
The investigation into the western Himalaya and the surrounding Karakoram and Hindu Kush mountains shows that this area could be reacting differently to global warming , the phenomenon blamed for causing glaciers to melt and shrink .
Researchers at Newcastle University looked at temperature trends in the Upper Indus Basin over the past century .
They found that a recent rise in winter temperatures and a cooling of summer temperatures , combined with an increase in snow and rainfall , could be causing glaciers to grow , at least in the higher mountain regions .
These findings are particularly significant because temperature and rain and snow trends in the Upper Indus Basin also impact on the water availability for more than 50 million Pakistanis .
Melt water from glaciers and the previous winter 's snow supplies water for the summer run-off which feeds irrigation both in the mountains and in the plains of the lower Indus .
The vast Indus basin irrigation system is the mainstay of the national economy of Pakistan , which has 170,000 square kilometres of irrigated land , an area two - thirds the size of the UK .
Being able to predict trends could contribute to more effective management of the two major dams in the Upper Indus Basin , the Mangla Dam and the Tarbela Dam , and allow a better long - term control of water for irrigation and power supplies .
These dams have the capacity to produce around 5,000 megawatts of electric power .
The amount of run-off depends on the elaborate interplay of weather conditions .
One third of the run-off , which comes from the higher mountain regions , is largely dependent on the temperature in the summer , research shows .
Specifically , the fall of 1C in mean summer temperature since 1961 is thought to have caused a 20 % drop in run -off into the higher mountain rivers .
Yet two - thirds of run-off from the lower mountain regions is dependent on the amount of snow in the previous winter .
Heavy winter snowfall is followed by a greater volume of summer run-off .
Dr Hayley Fowler , senior research associate at the school of civil engineering and geosciences at Newcastle University , said : " Very little research of this kind has been carried out in this region and yet the findings from our work have implications for the water supplies of around 50 million people in Pakistan who are dependent on the activity of the glaciers .
" Our research suggests we could be able to predict in advance the volume of summer run-off , which is very useful in planning ahead for water resources and also the output from the dams . "
Co-researcher David Archer added : " Our research is concerned with both climate change and the climate variability that is happening from year to year .
" Information on variability is more important for the management of the water system as it will help to forecast the inflow into reservoirs and allow for better planning of water use for irrigation .
" However , information on the impacts of climatic change is important for the longer term management of water resources and to help us understand what is happening in the mountains under global warming . "
The findings are published in the American Meteorological Society 's Journal of Climate .
The team says any noise from the concept aircraft , known as the SAX - 40 , would be " imperceptible " beyond the boundaries of an airport .
It would also burn far less fuel than conventional planes .
The design is the result of three years ' work and includes both new and existing technologies .
Here , the BBC News website details some of the design 's key features .
AIRFRAME
Turbulent air around conventional aircraft creates a lot of noise
The shape of the plane is what is known as a " blended wing " design .
This hybrid design uses the wings of a conventional plane smoothly blended into a wide tailless body .
As turbulent airflow , generated by irregular surfaces , causes noise , the designers tried to make the airframe as smooth as possible .
The aerofoil shape of the body means that it also contributes to the aircraft 's lift , meaning it can make a slower approach on landing , again reducing noise .
The improved lift also means that the plane can do away with flaps on the wings , which are a major source of airframe noise on conventional aircraft .
Because the design does not need a tail , used to provide additional lift and stability on conventional craft , it also cuts down on turbulent airflow and noise from the back of the plane .
The design , made of lightweight composites , also improves the fuel efficiency of the craft whilst cruising .
ENGINES
The engines are embedded into the body of the aircraft
The engines of the SAX - 40 are embedded within the blended wing design with the air intakes on top .
This means that the upper surface of the aircraft shields people on the ground from engine noise .
The engines are also mounted deep within the intake ducts , lined with mufflers , to maximise the noise absorption .
By embedding the three engines in the aircraft frame , it also reduces drag and therefore noise .
The " ultra - high bypass ratio turbofans " , as they are known , are also arranged in a novel way to minimise noise output .
Instead of having one large fan , they have three arranged side - by - side .
The smaller fans means the noise from each one is easier to absorb with surrounding " acoustic liners " , or muffling materials .
EXHAUSTS
The exhaust system optimises the engines performance
The output of the engines is channelled through what is known as a " variable area exhaust nozzle " .
This means that the cross sectional area of the exhaust can be changed to generate different amounts of thrust and to maximise the engine 's performance .
At take - off the exhausts would be open - wide to generate the maximum amount of thrust .
Whilst cruising they would reduce in size to burn fuel more efficiently .
They can also be rotated , or " vectored " , to generate thrust in the optimal direction for take - off and landing .
The exhaust are also lined with " mufflers " to reduce the noise of the engines .
UNDERCARRIAGE
The landing gear of the SAX - 40 is designed to minimise noise
Turbulent air swirling around the undercarriage at take - off and landing are major sources of noise .
To reduce this , the SAX - 40 would have fairings to cover the wheels and braking systems , creating as smooth a flow of air as possible .
This could reduce the noise from the landing gear by up to 7dB .
However , by doing this it makes the landing gear more difficult to stow and service , and also makes cooling the brakes more difficult .
TRAILING WING EDGE
The trailing edge of the wings minimises turbulent mixing of air
When turbulent air moving over the top surface of the wing shoots off the trailing edge it abruptly meets non-turbulent air .
The result generates a huge amount of noise .
To minimise this , the SAX - 40 would have " trailing edge brushes " , a series of long , thin protrusions off the back of the wing .
These allow a smoother transition between turbulent and non-turbulent air and could reduce trailing - edge wing noise by up to 4dB .
LEADING WING EDGE
The Airbus A380 uses the drooped design on the front of its wings
The leading - edge of the wings are slightly drooped .
These further help improve the lift of the aircraft , particularly at lower speeds .
To cut - down on the amount of noise generated by air whistling through a slat between the main wing body and the leading edge , the gap is covered in a flexible material .
The edges would be stowed whilst cruising for optimum performance
This drooped design is already being used on the Airbus A380 .
The following are some of the more amusing images I 've grabbed from penis enlargement spam messages over the past few months .
NSFW , obviously .
Originally published on 2006 - 03 - 28 ...
Josh Breckman worked for a company that landed a contract to develop a content management system for a fairly large government website .
Much of the project involved developing a content management system so that employees would be able to build and maintain the ever - changing content for their site .
Because they already had an existing website with a lot of content , the customer wanted to take the opportunity to reorganize and upload all the content into the new site before it went live .
As you might imagine , this was a fairly time consuming process .
But after a few months , they had finally put all the content into the system and opened it up to the Internet .
Things went pretty well for a few days after going live .
But , on day six , things went not - so - well : all of the content on the website had completely vanished and all pages led to the default " please enter content " page .
Whoops .
Josh was called in to investigate and noticed that one particularly troublesome external IP had gone in and deleted * all* of the content on the system .
The IP did n't belong to some overseas hacker bent on destroying helpful government information .
It resolved to googlebot.com , Google 's very own web crawling spider .
Whoops .
After quite a bit of research ( and scrambling around to find a non-corrupt backup ) , Josh found the problem .
A user copied and pasted some content from one page to another , including an " edit " hyperlink to edit the content on the page .
Normally , this would n't be an issue , since an outside user would need to enter a name and password .
But , the CMS authentication subsystem did n't take into account the sophisticated hacking techniques of Google 's spider .
Whoops .
As it turns out , Google 's spider does n't use cookies , which means that it can easily bypass a check for the " isLoggedOn " cookie to be " false " .
It also does n't pay attention to Javascript , which would normally prompt and redirect users who are not logged on .
It does , however , follow every hyperlink on every page it finds , including those with " Delete Page " in the title .
Whoops .
After all was said and done , Josh was able to restore a fairly older version of the site from backups .
He brought up the root cause -- that security could be beaten by disabiling cookies and javascript -- but management did n't quite see what was wrong with that .
Instead , they told the client to NEVER copy paste content from other pages .
Srinivasa Ramanujan
It is one of the most romantic stories in the history of mathematics : in 1913 , the English mathematician G. H. Hardy received a strange letter from an unknown clerk in Madras , India .
The ten - page letter contained about 120 statements of theorems on infinite series , improper integrals , continued fractions , and number theory ( Here is a .dvi file with a sample of these results ) .
Every prominent mathematician gets letters from cranks , and at first glance Hardy no doubt put this letter in that class .
But something about the formulas made him take a second look , and show it to his collaborator J. E. Littlewood .
After a few hours , they concluded that the results " must be true because , if they were not true , no one would have had the imagination to invent them " .
Thus was Srinivasa Ramanujan ( 1887-1920 ) introduced to the mathematical world .
Born in South India , Ramanujan was a promising student , winning academic prizes in high school .
But at age 16 his life took a decisive turn after he obtained a book titled A Synopsis of Elementary Results in Pure and Applied Mathematics .
The book was simply a compilation of thousands of mathematical results , most set down with little or no indication of proof .
It was in no sense a mathematical classic ; rather , it was written as an aid to coaching English mathematics students facing the notoriously difficult Tripos examination , which involved a great deal of wholesale memorization .
But in Ramanujan it inspired a burst of feverish mathematical activity , as he worked through the book 's results and beyond .
Unfortunately , his total immersion in mathematics was disastrous for Ramanujan 's academic career : ignoring all his other subjects , he repeatedly failed his college exams .
As a college dropout from a poor family , Ramanujan 's position was precarious .
He lived off the charity of friends , filling notebooks with mathematical discoveries and seeking patrons to support his work .
Finally he met with modest success when the Indian mathematician Ramachandra Rao provided him with first a modest subsidy , and later a clerkship at the Madras Port Trust .
During this period Ramanujan had his first paper published , a 17 - page work on Bernoulli numbers that appeared in 1911 in the Journal of the Indian Mathematical Society .
Still no one was quite sure if Ramanujan was a real genius or a crank .
With the encouragement of friends , he wrote to mathematicians in Cambridge seeking validation of his work .
Twice he wrote with no response ; on the third try , he found Hardy .
Hardy wrote enthusiastically back to Ramanujan , and Hardy 's stamp of approval improved Ramanujan 's status almost immediately .
Ramanujan was named a research scholar at the University of Madras , receiving double his clerk 's salary and required only to submit quarterly reports on his work .
But Hardy was determined that Ramanujan be brought to England .
Ramanujan 's mother resisted at first -- high - caste Indians shunned travel to foreign lands -- but finally gave in , ostensibly after a vision .
In March 1914 , Ramanujan boarded a steamer for England .
Ramanujan 's arrival at Cambridge was the beginning of a very successful five - year collaboration with Hardy .
In some ways the two made an odd pair : Hardy was a great exponent of rigor in analysis , while Ramanujan 's results were ( as Hardy put it ) " arrived at by a process of mingled argument , intuition , and induction , of which he was entirely unable to give any coherent account " .
Hardy did his best to fill in the gaps in Ramanujan 's education without discouraging him .
He was amazed by Ramanujan 's uncanny formal intuition in manipulating infinite series , continued fractions , and the like : " I have never met his equal , and can compare him only with Euler or Jacobi . "
One remarkable result of the Hardy - Ramanujan collaboration was a formula for the number p(n ) of partitions of a number n.
A partition of a positive integer n is just an expression for n as a sum of positive integers , regardless of order .
Thus p( 4 ) = 5 because 4 can be written as 1+1+1+1 , 1+1+2 , 2+2 , 1+3 , or 4 .
The problem of finding p(n ) was studied by Euler , who found a formula for the generating function of p ( n ) ( that is , for the infinite series whose nth term is p( n ) xn ) .
While this allows one to calculate p(n ) recursively , it does n't lead to an explicit formula .
Hardy and Ramanujan came up with such a formula ( though they only proved it works asymptotically ; Rademacher proved it gives the exact value of p ( n ) ) .
Ramanujan 's years in England were mathematically productive , and he gained the recognition he hoped for .
Cambridge granted him a Bachelor of Science degree " by research " in 1916 , and he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society ( the first Indian to be so honored ) in 1918 .
But the alien climate and culture took a toll on his health .
Ramanujan had always lived in a tropical climate and had his mother ( later his wife ) to cook for him : now he faced the English winter , and he had to do all his own cooking to adhere to his caste 's strict dietary rules .
Wartime shortages only made things worse .
In 1917 he was hospitalized , his doctors fearing for his life .
By late 1918 his health had improved ; he returned to India in 1919 .
But his health failed again , and he died the next year .
Besides his published work , Ramanujan left behind several notebooks , which have been the object of much study .
The English mathematician G. N. Watson wrote a long series of papers about them .
More recently the American mathematician Bruce C. Berndt has written a multi-volume study of the notebooks .
In 1997 The Ramanujan Journal was launched to publish work " in areas of mathematics influenced by Ramanujan " .
A survey I took last year based on over 600 responses showed that 70 % of women were able to use the finger - assist method successfully with practice , while 30 % needed to try a variation of this method or use a device such as the ď TravelMateĒ to achieve success .
Even women who can use the finger - assist method successfully should consider the TravelMate .
It makes peeing through the fly of your jeans a lot easier .
about ... ...........................................
Deniseís Biography Some History Where to Begin Female Anatomy Female Physiology Device - Asst. Method Device - Free Method Kegel Exercises Clothing Solutions Teaching Daughters Female Urinals with ... ...........................................
Avoiding Spray Avoiding Drips Other Problems visit my ... ...........................................
Discussion Forum Private E-mail Box
The shower or bathtub is a good place to begin .
( By the way , contrary to what you may have been told by family and friends , a healthy personís urine is STERILE as it leaves their body .
Once outside the body , airborne bacteria can contaminate it fairly soon , so be sure to rinse the shower or bathtub surfaces with fresh water )
Donít expect to master this skill on your first attempt .
After youíve practiced a few times , you should see some improvement .
( aim for the drain ) Finger - assist method Raise the toilet seat .
Wash or wipe your hands clean with a moist towellette .
Adjust clothing .
Pants should be pulled down in front a few inches .
Skirts should be lifted .
Underwear should be pulled down at the waistband or move the fabric at the crotch to one side .
Wipe your labia area clean .
Using either hand , make a ďVĒ with your first and second finger and spread the inside of your labia minora .
( the INNER lips ) Beginners may want to try using the fingers from both hands for better control .
Lift to the desired angle , then pee .
( If you donít spread and lift , it could run down your leg . )
Wipe your labia if necessary .
Return the toilet seat to its original position .
Wash your hands and youíre done !
Comments from others ...
All names have been changed to protect the privacy of these people .
Diane writes ...
Iíve used urinals many times when working late at my office ( at first , because the menís room is much closer , and now , because I find a urinal to be more convenient ) .
I do it facing , and it works fine now that I know the posture ( nothing extreme ) .
I donít make any kind of mess , and donít even have to undress as much as to sit down .
Iím starting to think women have been kept in the dark about this for a reason .
Maybe Oliver Stone will do a movie ...
Emily writes : Fabulous page Iíve stumbled on !
I am 24 years old and single .
Since I first started wearing jeans ( my favourite garment ! )
I have worked on overcoming a womanís problem , namely how to pee without having to pull your pants down and squat .
I also developed a method which enables me to pee through the open zip of my jeans as conveniently as a man .
It comes down to a strong start and a rapid shut - off finish ( i.e. no dribbling ) .
My technique is simple .
At first I pinch myself shut until the pressure builds up , then as the stream starts to die , I push to keep maximum flow , then I can stop it fairly suddenly .
From the age of 16 I have had this down to a fine art , never leaving more than the odd spot on my clothes Debbie writes ...
One wonders what circumstances led you to know about this , and also just how many of us will secretly try this out !
( And how few will admit to it afterwards ? )
Janice writes ...
Well Iím in college and youíd be surprised to see how many college girls use menís urinals .
I personally find it boring to pee in regular stalls .
Its much more exciting and daring to pee standing up at urinals .
Any woman can pee standing up , facing a urinal , looking at the wall or whatever men look at .
Down here in Texas at one of our stadiums , they are installing urinals for women in addition to the stalls .
Usually there are long lines for the womenís bathroom .
My friends Judy and Karen will sometimes stand at the urinal and see who can get the furthest arc .
It works best when we are all drunk !
Gabrielle writes ...
Hereís a little about women using menís urinals ( my personal experiences ) .
I usually pee standing up in any location , and can use just about any type of menís urinal with ease .
I stand with my feet slightly apart , about shoulder width , and my pants and panties pulled down to my knees .
I lean back slightly at the waist , with some arch in my back .
When I start to pee , I push hard to start a strong stream , and push again at the end to keep the stream up until Iím done .
I find that I have good control over where the stream goes , and itís a pretty clean process .
Sometimes I dribble a little when Iím finishing up , but not too often .
Most of the time I donít even need to wipe when Iím done .
If Iím wearing pants with a long enough zipper , I just unzip , pull my panties aside , and go through the fly .
Once while doing this outside , another woman asked if I had a penis .
She asked how I could urinate standing up without making a mess .
My , what our mothers never taught us !!
Gabrielle writes more ... regarding drips : I donít really have any problems with drips , as I said , I can often get away without even having to wipe when I go standing up .
I always seem to need a wipe when I go sitting down , however .
Perhaps the lack of drips is due to 1 ) the fact that I give a hard push to get the last of the flow out as I stop , or 2 ) the fact that women simply have less length of plumbing between the bladder and urethra to contain urine , making it easier to drain completely .
Regarding aim :
It wasnít great when I started peeing while standing on a regular basis ( probably 10 years ago ) , but it has improved over time .
I am now precise enough that I can go through the fly in a pair of jeans .
Aiming and stream control are accomplished mostly with the hips .
When learning , a good technique is to place your hands against your lower abdomen , on the pubic hair triangle .
By pressing with either hand your stream can be angled .
By pulling up or pressing with both hands you can point the stream upward .
Try this in the shower where it doesnít matter if you are sloppy the first few times .
Eventually you may become good enough to be able to write your name in the snow .
( yes Iíve done this ! )
Hope this insight helps .
Lisa writes :
My secret to peeing without exposing myself is to press the edges of my jeans around my labia so that it actually protrudes through the fly .
Then Iíll spread the lips slightly .
Pinch and pull up on the pants opening in order to direct the stream out front .
Sometimes I get a few drops on my jeans when finishing , but it sure beats going the traditional way .
Copyright © 1999 - 2000 Caring Hands , Inc .
All rights reserved .
Privacy Statement
Snow : ' We did n't raise ' issue on Kerry 's ' botched joke ; '
Up to media to ' end it '
Ron Brynaert
Published : Thursday November 2 , 2006 Print This Email
This A day after Senator John Kerry ( D - MA ) apologized for the " botched joke " that critics alleged was an attack on US troops , White House spokeman Tony Snow said that the Bush Administration " did n't raise " the issue , and that it was up to the media to " end it . "
At a press briefing Tuesday morning , Snow insisted that " Senator Kerry not only owes an apology to those who are serving , but also to the families of those who 've given their lives in this . "
At a campaign event later that day , President Bush said that Kerry 's remarks were " insulting " and " shameful . "
Appearing on MSNBC this morning , former Fox News Channel pundit Snow was asked by interviewer Chris Hansing if President Bush and other Republican leaders would stop criticizing the 2004 presidential nominee who is n't running for reelection , since he has already offered two apologies after his comments on Monday about the president 's intelligence were misinterpreted by many to be directed at U.S. troops .
" I do n't know , " Snow said .
" It 's sort of up to you guys .
I mean , we did n't raise it , and --" Jansing noted that " you certainly have been talking about it a lot . "
" Well , we 've talked -- you know , the president has made a couple of comments on it , but look , it 's been all the rage in the news the last couple of days , " Snow said .
Echoing pundits on Fox all morning Thursday , Snow suggested that Kerry 's " Internet apology " may not be good enough .
" You know , at some point I 'm sure he 'll come out and , you know , do it on camera as well , " Snow said .
" But that 's the kind of thing you need to do . "
Kerry released a written apology on the Internet after 4 PM yesterday , after some Democratic candidates expressed unhappiness and cancelled planned campaign events with the Massachussetts senator , but had delivered his first apology in person on Don Imus ' nationally syndicated radio program yesterday morning .
" Of course I 'm sorry about a botched joke , " Kerry had said on Imus ' show .
" You think I love botched jokes ? "
Earlier today , White House deputy press secretary Dana Perino said that Kerry 's apology " came late " but was " the right thing to do . "
Responding to Democratic charges that the Republicans are trying to divert attention away from issues that " American people really care about , " Snow said that the " ' smear and fear ' thing is getting a little bit old because all the president said was you need to apologize . "
At a Republican rally in Georgia , Bush called Kerry 's comments " insulting and shameful . "
" That 's not a smear , " Snow said .
" John Kerry is the guy who came out started calling me names , called the -- although I kind of like my name . "
Snow said he enjoyed the " stuffed - suit White House mouthpiece " nickname so much that he might print up a t- shirt with the inscription .
" That 's kind of cool , " Snow said of the nickname .
Excerpts from MSNBC interview : # MS. JANSING : President Bush and other Republican leaders have been very critical of remarks made by Senator Kerry .
He 's now issued two apologies .
Will that be the end of it ?
MR. SNOW : I do n't know .
It 's sort of up to you guys .
I mean , we did n't raise it , and -- MS .
JANSING : But you certainly have been talking about it a lot .
MR .
SNOW : Well , we 've talked -- you know , the president has made a couple of comments on it , but look , it 's been all the rage in the news the last couple of days .
Senator Kerry did what common sense would dictate .
You say something ; even if you do n't mean the way it came out or -- what you have to do is say , " Look , I 'm sorry ; I 'm sorry I offended you ; I did n't mean it ; please forgive me . "
You know , at some point I 'm sure he 'll come out and , you know , do it on camera as well .
But that 's the kind of thing you need to do .
So you know , I mean , I said it yesterday in the briefing .
It 's pretty much common sense and so I think he 's probably glad he did it , and I think a lot of people in the military probably are as well .
MS .
JANSING : He does say that the comments by the president and others have been unfair .
He says in fact this has been a campaign of " smear and fear " against him .
Democrats are charging that the Republicans are trying to divert attention away from the issues that the American people really care about .
MR .
SNOW : There are two things .
Number one , the " smear and fear " thing is getting a little bit old , because all the president said was you need to apologize .
That 's not a smear .
John Kerry is the guy who came out started calling me names , called the -- although I kind of like my name .
I'm the " stuffed - suit White House mouthpiece . "
That 's kind of cool .
MS .
JANSING : You think that 's good ?
MR .
SNOW : Yeah , it 's not bad .
I think I might make a T - shirt .
But in terms of -- you know , Senator Kerry 's the one who started doing personal insults .
When it comes to dealing with the issues , it 's an interesting contrast because the president is talking specifically about the stakes in the war on terror , the importance of winning in Iraq , and the importance also of protecting the homeland .
And when you take a look at what Democrats have done in this political season , that 's all they 've done is smear the president , knock down his approval ratings and try to make him an albatross .
It 's not going to work because you know what ?
American people want to know what Democrats have to offer when it comes to winning this war . #
Security sources said it was likely at least three of the men , said to be of Pakistani descent , are dead , after belongings were found at the scenes .
The details emerged as explosives were found in Leeds and Luton after a series of raids .
One man has been arrested .
The BBC's Frank Gardner said an expert may have offered the bombers guidance .
It appears our youth have been involved in last week 's horrific bombings - nothing in Islam can ever justify the evil actions of the bombers
Sir Iqbal Sacranie , Muslim Council of Britain
Analysis : Worst fears true Q&A : Hunt for bombers Viewpoint : Bombers ready to die
The security correspondent said the suspected bombers - one of whom is thought to have been as young as 19 - may have been helped by someone who would have left the country before the bombs went off .
Police revealed details of the breakthrough in their investigation into the attacks , which killed at least 52 people , on Tuesday .
It emerged that relatives of one of the men had reported him missing last Thursday morning .
On Monday night , police had viewed CCTV footage of four suspects together at London King 's Cross last Thursday .
They all had rucksacks and were seen just 20 minutes before the three Tube bombs started going off at 0851 BST .
A bus bomb went off in Tavistock Square at 0947 BST .
Three of the men had travelled to Luton from Leeds by train , before catching a Thameslink train to London .
They had been joined at Luton by a fourth man who had driven to the Bedfordshire town .
' Shock and horror '
Tuesday 's police raids , which began at 0630 BST , centred on two properties in Dewsbury , West Yorkshire , and four in Leeds .
WEST YORKSHIRE RAIDS 1 .
0630 BST : Two houses raided in Beeston 2 .
Two houses raided at same time in Thornhill , Dewsbury 3 .
One House raided in Holbeck 4 . 1320 BST : Controlled explosion in Burley
Suspects : Key facts
Cars linked to attacks
Police said they had arrested a relative of one of the four suspects in Yorkshire and taken them to London for questioning .
Explosives were also found in a car at Luton railway station , where experts have carried out seven controlled explosions , with three more expected to follow .
A second car believed to be linked to the attacks was also found at the station and towed to Leighton Buzzard , 10 miles ( 16 km ) west of Luton , for further examination .
Sir Iqbal Sacranie , of the Muslim Council of Britain , said it had received news of the suspects with " anguish , shock and horror " .
He said : " It appears our youth have been involved in last week 's horrific bombings against innocent people .
" While the police investigation continues we reiterate our absolute commitment and resolve to helping the police bring to justice all involved in this crime of mass murder .
Nothing in Islam can ever justify the evil actions of the bombers . "
Metropolitan Police Commissioner Sir Ian Blair said the searches , carried out under the Anti-Terrorism Act , were intelligence - led and " directly connected " to last week 's attacks .
Head of the Metropolitan Police anti-terrorist branch Peter Clarke said documents identifying three of the men were found near three blast sites .
But there is no identity for the fourth bomber and police do not know if his remains are at the King 's Cross blast site or if he has fled .
Three of the four men were from the West Yorkshire area , said Mr Clarke .
His colleague , assistant commissioner Andy Hayman , said : " I want to conclude by making it absolutely clear that no - one should be in any doubt the work last Thursday is that of extremists and criminals .
" No - one should smear or stigmatise any community with these acts . "
Following developments on Tuesday he described the investigation as " complex and intensive " and " moving at great speed " .
BOMB MANHUNT
London : Forensic work ongoing at blast sites Leeds area :
Six houses searched , controlled explosion at one , one arrest made Luton : Controlled explosion after car find near station
List of bomb victims Leeds neighbours ' shock
Police said there was forensic evidence that one of the bombers died in the Aldgate Tube explosion .
Property belonging to one of the suspects from West Yorkshire , who was reported missing by his family just after 1000 BST on Thursday , was also found on the devastated bus .
A third man 's property was found at both the Aldgate and Edgware Road blasts .
Mr Clarke said : " We are trying to establish their movements in the run up to last week 's attacks and specifically to establish if they all died in the explosions . "
Eleven victims of the blasts have now been formally identified .
Eight inquests will be opened on Wednesday , including those of Londoners Jamie Gordon , 30 , and Phillip Russell , 29 .
Police are asking for anyone with information on the bombs to contact their anti-terrorist hotline on 0800 789 321 .
When I co-founded an IT company back in 1997 we had many dreams , but one overarching ambition :
We wanted to make it a happy place to work .
We ’d tried working for organizations that cared only about sales , billable hours and profits and we were determined to break away from this mentality and make our company a place where people had fun , did great work , constantly learned and developed and had time for their private lives and families .
It turned out that we were right on the money .
The company became happy and successful and four years later when the dot - boom happened and the company ’s very survival was threatened , that is what saved us – the fact that everyone at the company loved working there and were willing to go extraordinary lengths to save it .
Quite simply , happiness at work saved our startup .
Why make your startup a great place to work
There is a lot of advice floating around for startups :
You must find the right location , hire good managers , control your expenses , focus on sales , make a business plan , build a network , get legal help , get insurance , find good investors and much , much more .
This is all great advice , but more than anything else , I believe that a startup benefits from one simple decision that many overlook :
To make people happy at work .
Why ?
Here are five reasons to make your startup a great place to work .
1 : Everything works better in a happy company
Studies ( and practical experiences ) show that people who are happy at work improve the bottom line because they :
Are more productive
Are more creative and innovative
Give customers better service
Are more motivated and dedicated
Are more positive and optimistic
Communicate better
Are better at team work
Are less stressed
Take fewer sick days
Sell more
All of the above is crucial in any business but even more so in a startup where you really need people to live up to their very best individually and as a team .
An established company can easily survive a quarter or two of mediocre performance whereas a startup needs to be functioning pretty much near its peak at all times .
2 : Surviving hard times
Most startups will face an oh - crap moment ( and possibly several ) , where the whole thing threatens to come down around everyone ’s ears .
When funding dries up , investors change their mind , development misses a milestone or the competition beats you to the market , a happy startup with happy , dedicated people is much more likely to pull itself out from that situation .
This is exactly what happened to our company .
The entire IT market slumped after the dot - boom , and we suddenly found that our bank accounts were overdrawn and half our people were without work .
We were in serious trouble .
But because our people were so happy at work everybody pulled together and did whatever they could to save the company .
Most notably , everybody took a 25 % pay cut while we focused on bringing in new customers .
It worked !
Later that year every single consultant was working again .
We were able to not only get our old salaries back , but to do so retroactively , so everybody ended up getting full pay for the whole year .
This was possible only because people really liked the company and did their utmost to save it .
3 : Pulling all - nighters
One of the best and most fun things about a startup is creating extraordinary results together quickly .
Though you can get people to pull all - nighters ( or just work very hard ) for many reasons , including fear , economic necessity or bonuses the very best way to get extraordinary results out of people is to make them happy .
When a company genuinely cares about it ’s people they return the favor to everyone ’s benefit .
4 : It ’s easy to make a startup happy
It ’s way easier to build happiness at work into your startup , than it is to introduce it in existing organizations .
And if you build happiness , fun , playfulness and camaraderie into the DNA of an organization from its conception then there ’s a much better chance that it will grow up to be a happy workplace .
And the interesting thing is that most startups are happy .
In a startup you often find positive people , there ’s huge amounts of learning going on because everybody ’s doing everything for the first time , information and decisions are shared because the company is still small and finding its way and so on , all of which makes people happy at work .
But while happiness may come by itself in the startup phase , companies that do n’t actively focus on happiness at work may one day wake up to find that they ’ve turned into regular , boring , corporate - looking sweatshops .
It happens to the best of us , and might play out like this :
Three people get together in a garage and do something really cool
They ’re having so much fun that it infects people around them who want to join in the fun
The product is successful , more people sign on .
They ’re in turn infected too
The company grows to around 50 people , and someone ( the bank , the vc’s , etc ) manages to convince the founders that they really need more structure
They start appointing VP ’s , making rules , introducing structure – fun and openess goes out the window
One day they realize that working there is no longer fun – i’s now mostly a struggle to meet the budget and maintain the organization
The founders and / or key employees quit in disgust ( or disgrace ) and go on to found new startup – hoping it will be more fun
Many startups fall into this trap but the way to avoid it is clear : Build happiness into your organization from the beginning and keep focusing on it .
Whenever the company is faced with a major decision , ask yourself :
What decision will make us happy at work ?
5 : It ’s just nicer to be happy at work
Seriously :
You ’re creating your own business from scratch here .
Do you want it to be just another cubicle - infested corporate wasteland or do you want it to be somewhere people can be themselves , have a great time and unfold their full potential ?
The decision is in your hands and the choices made at the company ’s birth are crucial .
How to make your startup happy
Here are five things we did in our startup that made it happy and successful :
1 : Hire happy people
Do n’t just hire the best and the brightest ; make sure to hire clever people who are also naturally happy .
They ’re sure to bring you better performance in the long run .
Avoid jerks at all costs , no matter how good they are .
Jerks are deadly for a startup .
2 : Hire whole people
Hire people who have lives , well - rounded individuals who can contribute to your startup in more than one area .
The pushy sales person who knows only sales or the OCD geek who only speaks java are not your best bet .
Instead , go for people with positive interests outside of work who contribute to their community or to society .
3 : Make room for fun
There ’s a certain amount of pressure involved in running a startup , but do n’t let that pressure get to you .
A relaxed , detached , fun attitude allows people to do their best work .
We took the whole company on two 4 - day trips every year to develop ourselves and plan the future – one in the autumn ( typically to London , Rome or another major city ) , and one skiing trip in winter .
Could we afford to close the company for a few days every year ?
Maybe not .
But we knew we could n’t afford not to !
4 : Avoid the cult of overwork
Remember that more hours spent at work do not always lead to more results .
All - nighters can be a lot of fun but do n’t overdo it .
Time away from work increases people ’s energy and creativity and is just as crucial for results as time at work .
5 : Share ownership
Yeah , I know : Sharing the pie means your slice is smaller .
True .
But if sharing the pie makes the pie bigger , then …
It may be a choice of owning 100 % of a small pie or 75 % of a much bigger one .
In our company all employees were offered co-ownership after a 6 month trial period and it was definitely worth it .
When everyone is an owner , you see every single person taking responsibility for the future success of the company .
Start here
So that ’s the argument : Unhappy startups are likely to die a quick death from bickering , infighting , inefficiency and lack of creativity and teamwork .
Making your startup a happy place is the best thing you can possibly do for it and will help you attract talent and achieve better results all around .
Of course there ’s a lot more you can do .
Look here , here and here .
The important thing is to decide to make your startup a happy workplace and to do something about it .
And this is where you must begin :
Take serious amounts of time in the startup phase to decide what kind of company you want by answering these questions :
What will working there be like ?
How will the company be good for its people ?
How will you make work fun , especially when you ’re busy ?
How will you celebrate your successes ?
How will the company help people learn and develop ?
What has previously made you happy at work and how will you create more of that ?
What do other companies do that makes their people unhappy and how you can avoid that ?
Because designing your company right is as important as designing your product right !
If you liked this post I ’m pretty sure you ’ll also enjoy these :
Thanks for visiting my blog .
If you 're new here , you should check out this list of my 10 most popular articles .
And if you want more great tips and ideas you should check out our newsletter about happiness at work .
It 's great and it 's free :-)
Welcome back to the blog .
Want to learn more about happiness at work ?
Sign up for our intensive in - depth 3 - day Woohoo Academy training .
And if you want more great tips and ideas you should check out our newsletter about happiness at work .
It 's great and it 's free :-)
Share this : LinkedIn
Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Pinterest
September 19 , 2006 Miniaturised projection systems have been spoken about for a long time , but with several viable technologies seemingly close to market , the day when you can carry a video projector at all times , just in case you need it is close .
In February , we wrote about the matchbox - sized PVPro projector and now news from Faraunhoffer suggests that not - too - far down the track your handheld , digital camera , portable media player or phone might have a projector built - in .
That ’s the promise of a new technology for projectors that does not use conventional micro arrays , instead containing just a single mirror that can be rotated around two axes .
Researchers at the Fraunhofer Institute for Photonic Microsystems IPMS in Dresden and the Fraunhofer Institute for Applied Optics and Precision Engineering IOF in Jena have developed an alternative to micro mirror arrays and the result is a projector the size of a sugar cube .
The challenge in miniaturisation the traditional projector is to overcome the physical limitations of the micro mirror array comprising millions of mirrors .
These can be tilted in one plane and are evenly illuminated .
By turning towards or away from the light source , they produce light or dark pixels that together form the projected image .
But not only do the arrays preclude miniaturization , their prices also make it difficult for projectors to enter the consumer goods market .
“ We use just one single mirror , ” reveals Andreas Bräuer , director of the Microoptic Systems division at IOF .
“ This mirror can be tilted around two axes . ”
The next obstacle in the miniaturization process is the light source .
The customary high - pressure lamp will have to give way to small diode lasers if the projector is to shrink to the size of a sugar cube .
While red and blue diode lasers are already small enough , green lasers are still too bulky .
Today ’s technology allows RGB projectors with a side length of ten by seven by three centimetres to be produced .
Although this is still distinctly larger than a sugar cube , it is only a quarter the size of a standard projector .
Researchers around the globe are attempting to scale down the green light source .
Together with the blue and red diode lasers , it will ideally form the new red - green - blue source .
“ If green diode lasers are successfully reduced to the size of red ones , then RGB projectors the size of sugar cubes will become a reality , ” states Bräuer .
Such would prove useful in many areas .
The automotive industry , for example , requires small , cost - effective laser arrays to act as distance sensors that measure the gap between the car and the nearest object when parking .
Sensors of this type are also used in robotics and installation technology .
Yet another area of usage for the mini-lasers are digital projectors , which can be integrated in mobile devices such as laptops or PDAs .
Ford bans competitors ' vehicles from lot
Firm 's Dearborn Truck Plant will require employees to drive a Ford or park across the street .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) - Employees at Ford 's Dearborn Truck Plant in Dearborn , Mich. , will have to drive Ford Motor Co. vehicles to work or park across the street , the plant manager announced earlier this week .
The new parking policy , which is scheduled to take effect Feb. 1 , was instituted by plant manager Rob Webber just as Ford reported losses of $ 1.6 billion from its North American auto operations in 2005 and Monday announced plans to close 14 plants and cut 30,000 jobs as it tries to reverse losses and respond to declining U.S. market share .
The Dearborn Truck Plant , which represents one portion of the Rouge facility , has 2,600 union employees and makes the F - 150 pickup truck , the best selling vehicle in the United States .
A Ford spokesman told CNNMoney the company supported the move , although it had not been extended to the other North American manufacturing facilities .
Officials with UAW Local 600 , who backed the announcement , are scheduled to conduct talks with management next week to finalize the details and discuss expanding the ban across the entire Rouge facility , union president Jerry Sullivan told CNNMoney .
" There has to be something put in place to grab people 's attention and to make a statement that this is a serious thing , " said Sullivan , whose union represents approximately 8,000 workers at the larger Rouge complex .
" It 's up to us to stand up and do what is right and to drive a vehicle from the company you work for . "
The Dearborn Truck Plant parking policy will allow vehicles made by non-U.S. Ford brands such as Mazda , Volvo and Land Rover , Sullivan said .
The Detroit News , which first reported the story Friday , said the new parking policy in Dearborn was embraced by factory employees at a meeting to discuss the auto manufacturer 's latest restructuring plan .
But one plant employee , who did not want to be quoted , told the paper he was n't happy he would no longer be able to drive his Chrysler to the factory .
" They can't tell you how to spend your money , " said one veteran tradesman .
" It 's still a free country . "
He said he got a better deal on his Chrysler than he could on a Ford .
" I got to go where I can get the most bang for my buck , " he said .
Another Dearborn
Truck employee told the newspaper he approved the move , though .
" You buy what you build , " said Rufus McWilliams .
" That only makes sense . "
The Detroit Truck Plant opened in 2004 as part of the $ 2 billion renovation of the company 's 1,100 - acre Rouge facility , the paper reported .
________________
For more details about Ford 's plant closing plans , click here .
For more news on autos and auto manufacturers , click here .
This website uses cookies to allow us to provide you the best experience while visiting our website .
By continuing to use the site , you are agreeing to our use of cookies .
You can change your cookie settings at any time but if you do , you may lose some functionality .
More information may be found in our Privacy Policy
HostGator says hackers compromised its servers using a previously unknown security hole in cPanel , the control panel software that is widely used by hosting providers .
" I can tell you with all accuracy that this is definitely due to a cPanel exploit that provides root access and all cPanel servers are affected , " said HostGator system administrator Tim Greer .
" This issue affects all versions of cPanel , from what I can tell , from years ago to the current releases , including Stable , Release , Current and Edge . "
cPanel has just released a fix .
" Running / scripts / upcp will fix the vulnerability in all builds , " cPanel said in a message on its user forums .
" Please note that this is a local exploit which requires access to a cPanel account .
...
If you believe you have been exploited through this vulnerability , you are welcome to submit a support request for assistance . "
Hackers gained access to HostGator 's servers late Thursday and began redirecting customer sites to outside web pages that exploit an unpatched VML security hole in Internet Explorer to infect web surfers with trojans .
The existence of the new " 0 - day " exploit of cPanel leaves a large number of hosting companies vulnerable to similar attacks until they install the patch .
The riusk is mitigated somewhat by the fact that it is a local exploit , meaning any attack on a host must be launched from an existing account with cPanel access .
HostGator site owners said iframe code inserted into their web pages was redirecting users to the malware - laden pages .
Company staff made several efforts to reconfigure servers on Friday , only to have the exploits recur .
Since the attacker controlled a cPanel account at HostGator , the exploit could be repeated after each cleanup of the malicious code .
By early Saturday morning , HostGator managers were assuring users that the cause of the redirections had been isolated , and was due to a new exploit targeting cPanel .
I 'll stop calllng this crew " Orwellian " when they stop using 1984 as an operations manual :
FDA Rethinks Women's Chief : Agency Denies Naming Veterinary Official By Marc Kaufman :
One week ago , the Office of Women 's Health of the Food and Drug Administration sent an e-mail notice to women 's groups and others announcing the appointment of Norris Alderson as its new acting director .
An FDA veteran trained in animal husbandry who spent much of his career in the agency 's Center for Veterinary Medicine , Alderson quickly became the subject of active and largely negative comment on the Internet and elsewhere .
The Office of Women 's Health serves as a liaison with women 's health groups and as an advocate on women 's issues ; critics said that a man with a primarily veterinary background could not properly fill the role .
The last director , Susan Wood , resigned last month to protest the agency 's unwillingness to make a decision on whether to make emergency contraception more easily available .
Three days after the Alderson announcement , the FDA main press office sent out a very different announcement .
It said that 20 - year FDA veteran Theresa A . Toigo would be the new acting director of the women 's health office , and that she would be a champion for women 's health inside and outside the agency .
Alderson -- and the statement announcing his appointment -- was never mentioned .
Asked yesterday who exactly was running the office , FDA spokeswoman Suzanne Trevino said that Alderson had never been appointed acting director .
She said that Toigo would take over from the departed Wood , and that her office knew nothing about the statement regarding Alderson , who is the agency 's associate commissioner for science .
" There was no official decision made until we announced Theresa Toigo 's appointment on Friday , " Trevino said .
The seeming mystery thickened when several women 's groups said that not only did they receive e-mails announcing Alderson 's appointment , but also that he was also listed on a Health and Human Services directory last week as the acting director of the office ....
Alderson was introduced to the staff last week as the new acting director ... had some one - on - one discussions with staff members ....
Kirsten Moore , director of the Reproductive Health Technologies Project ....
" It underscores our concern about the degree of competence at the leadership level , and about political appointees who just do n't know much " about the issues before the agency .
Polar bears and hippos have joined the ranks of threatened species , along with a third of amphibians and a quarter of mammals and coniferous plants , according to the World Conservation Union .
The conservation group 's Red List of endangered species found that 16,119 species are at the highest levels of extinction threat , equivalent to nearly 40 % of all species in its survey .
Fish are in particular danger , with more than half of freshwater species in the Mediterranean basin facing threats and formerly common ocean fish such as skate disappearing .
The World Conservation Union , known by the acronym IUCN , found that more than 500 species had been added to the ranks of those classified as endangered , critically endangered or vulnerable since 2004 - a rise of 3 % .
There are estimated to be around 15 m species in the world , although only around 12 % of that number have ever been classified by scientists and the Red List examines 40,000 species .
At present , animals are believed to be going extinct at 100 to 1,000 times the usual rate , leading many researchers to claim that we are in the midst of a mass extinction event faster than that which wiped out the dinosaurs .
IUCN director general Achim Steiner said that there was no slackening in the rate of global extinctions , and warned that tackling the problem would require governments , civil society groups and businesses to work together with environmentalists .
" Biodiversity loss is increasing , not slowing down , " he said .
" Reversing this trend is possible [ but ] biodiversity cannot be saved by environmentalists alone - it must become the responsibility of everyone with the power and resources to act . "
The Arctic Climate Impact Assessment said in 2004 that Polar Bears would be extinct within 100 years , and some scientists believe that they could disappear within 25 years .
The IUCN predicted a more conservative decline of 30 % in the next 45 years .
The report also said that civil breakdown in the Democratic Republic of Congo had led to a catastrophic decline in hippo populations , with the country 's 30,000 - strong herds losing 95 % of their numbers to poaching and ivory hunting since 1994 .
The list showed 784 species as extinct and 65 as existing only in captivity .
Other particularly threatened animals included the dama gazelle of the Sahara , the goitred gazelle of central Asia , the Angel shark of the North Sea , the West African pygmy hippo , and a species of trout from Lake Malawi .
Two carp species from Turkey and Croatia were listed as extinct and one in eight classified bird species were endangered or vulnerable , along with a third of dragonflies .
The Mediterranean herbs bugloss and centuary were listed as critically endangered .
The IUCN said that people were responsible for the majority of extinctions , via habitat destruction or degradation .
Invasive species , overhunting , pollution and unsustainable harvesting were also mentioned as major causes of threats , along with climate change .
A 2004 report by the University of Leeds found that a quarter of land animals and plants could be driven to extinction by global warming .
However , the IUCN did report some success stories .
White - tailed eagles have been downlisted from the " near threatened " category to " least concern " after anti-poaching and pollution enforcement measures led to a doubling of its population in Europe during the 1990s .
It also said that the future of the Indian vulture looked positive despite a 97 % population decline leading to it being listed as critically endangered in 2002 .
A veterinary drug responsible for accidentally poisoning the vultures has since been banned in India .
Goonhilly has 61 antenna dishes
Computers at Goonhilly satellite station , on the Lizard peninsula in Cornwall , are connected to BT 's global internet protocol network .
That means users can download data at speeds of up to 100 megabits per second ( Mbps ) .
It is thought to be the first time such high speeds have been seen at a UK internet cafe .
The service will be free to visitors .
61 dishes
Adrian Hosford of BT said : " It would be possible to use the cafe 's computers to download in less than 15 minutes a file the equivalent size of the DVD version of the Encyclopaedia Britannica , with its 19,000 illustrations , 629 audio and video clips and 100,000 articles .
" A standard broadband connection would typically take in excess of five hours . "
The new internet cafe was officially declared open by Helston Community College pupils Chloe Smith and James Evans , both aged 17 .
Goonhilly has 61 antenna dishes and handles thousands of international phone calls , TV broadcasts and data .
The first antenna , known as Arthur , was built to track the Telstar satellite and received the first live transatlantic television broadcasts from the United States in 1962 .
About Prescription Coverage
See if our coupons can beat your current co-pay .
On hundreds of generic medications , we usually can !
Ask your pharmacist today .
Last updated at 22:00 21 December 2006
He 's always had a penchant for the piratical look .
But now Keith Richards has gone the whole hog .
This is the first picture of the Rolling Stones
guitarist on the set of his debut Hollywood
movie , Pirates Of The Caribbean : At World 's End .
scroll down for more
With a bandanna holding unruly dreadlocked hair in place and wearing a large prosthetic nose
and frilly lace shirt , the 63 - year - old rock legend
posed beside his similarly attired on - screen son
Johnny Depp and fellow cast member Martin
Klebba , sporting a Stones logo T - shirt .
Depp , 43 , who plays the flamboyant pirate Captain Jack Sparrow , famously modelled his character on Richards .
It was Depp who originally persuaded Richards to take on the cameo role of Sparrow 's swashbuckling father , Captain Grant , for the third part of the Pirates trilogy , which is due for release next year .
最近はやり のRuby やPythonといった言語は、Lispの長所を上手く取り込んでいるといえるでしょうね。これらの言語はC言語などに慣れているプログラマーにとっては極めてとっつきにくいですが、ゼロからプログラミングを習うのであればむしろC言語などよりずっと理解しやすいと思われます（考え方が人間の直感に近いことや、メモリ空間とかややこしいことに常に気を配っていなければならないC言語の面倒くさいところが一切無いため）
実際、GoogleやYouTubeはじめ最近のWeb2.0的なサービスはほとんどPythonで書かれているという話もあるくらいです。
一昔前まで、これらのスクリプト系の言語は 「
とてつもなく遅い」のが嫌われる最大の要因でしたが、最近のコンピューターの性能向上でようやくRuby , Python , Lispといった言語が実用的な速度で動くようになりました（それでもRubyは遅いといわれていますが）
下記に速度の比較があり、これを見るとLispという言語は極めて高速であると思われます。
http://www.unixuser.org/~euske/doc/python/python-lisp-j.html
※ なおこの表で はPythonが極めて遅いと記載されていますが、実際にはPythonには非常に優秀なライブラリ（C言語で開発されており極めて高速で安定している）があり、遅い処理はライブラリがやってくれますから速度的には十分な場合が多いようです。こうした世界標準的なライブラリが極めて整理されており、高速で安定していることが、Pythonが欧米で大流行している理由の一つでしょう。
以上の事実を踏まえて、以下は私の推測ですが、Lispが流行らない原因は、
「安定していて世界標準的な言語環境がない」のが原因ではないかと思います。（つまり、今作ったLispのプログラムが、3年後に安定して動く環境があるかどうか確信できないので作る気にならない。Pythonも、Ver.3になってようやくまともに使える言語になってきました。）
従って今後、こうした環境が整備されてくれば、Lispが大流行することもあるのかもしれません。
一方で、言語構造的に言って、C/C++言語とこれらの言語は全く異なりますので、C/C++が廃れることは当面ないでしょう。
ただし、C/C++言語は作り手（プログラマー）の力量でパフォーマンスや安定性がン10倍も変わってしまう言語なので、ヘタにC/C++で書くよりもRuby , Python , Lispで書いたほうが良い（こともある）と私は考えています。
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
If you want a glimpse of the future of work in the broadband age , you can find it , of all places , on MTV ’s website .
To my knowledge , their recent gaming news segment , “ Is Mining Virtual Gold Exploitative ? ” features the first video footage shot inside Chinese gold farms , those gray market companies which collect and sell virtual gold ( primarily from World of Warcraft ) to wealthier gamers in the developed world .
( The New York Times filed a story on the phenomenon last year , but company managers were considerably more leery to speak on record with that reporter . )
Drawing from an fascinating upcoming documentary by UC San Diego grad student Ge Jin ( You Tube clip from his film here ) , the MTV segment features interviews with workers and managers of several gold farms , which resemble a cross between a 24 hour LAN party and a very shabby college dorm .
By the segment ’s estimate , an astounding half million Chinese now make a living – about $ 100 a month – from the acquisition and sale of WoW gold to US and EU gamers .
Why is this is the future of work online ?
Consider the numbers , youth , and low wages of the gold farmers , and the growing interest in outsourcing tasks online .
Amazon recently launched a non -game application for this , known as the Amazon Mechanical Turk .
In Second Life , a Hollywood production company is outsourcing its Second Life projects to its Vietnamese branch , where highly - skilled workers can create professional 3D environments for a fraction of the cost , were it done here .
It ’s easy to see how the Chinese farmers of Warcraft might evolve into the blue collar workers of the 3D Internet .
MTV producer Matt Sunbulli put us in touch with Ge Jin , and we asked him about this phenomenon , and sought his own thoughts on its relation to the future of work online .
How did you locate these gold farms ?
Ge Jin : I have a friend who had been operating a gold farms in Shanghai since 2003 .
So his gold farm is the first one I visited .
My friend ’s gold farm closed in 2005 , so did most gold farms in Shanghai .
Many of them migrated to smaller cities with lower housing and human resource costs .
So I contacted other gold farms through my friend ’s old network …
I was lucky enough to find several gold farms that were open to me in Jinhua , Nanjin , Lishui and Hangzhou .
Again I was lucky to win their trust .
It ’s probably because I ’m from the same background as many gaming workers ( many gold farm owners were former gaming workers . )
Were gold farmers afraid the Chinese government would shut them down ?
GJ : The ones that allowed me to film there were not afraid because they are located in cities where local goverments are tolerant of this industry .
There is no national policy regulating this new industry yet , so it ’s up to the local governments to judge .
Most local governments have no motive to shut down these gold farms , as they reduce unemployment and even reduce the crime rate by reducing unemployed male youth on the street .
Some gold farms refused my visit because they do n’t want to pay tax and choose to operate underground , or they are worried that their labor practice is problematic …
What does WoW gold farming suggest about the future of work ?
GJ : I think these gold farms indicate that the game platform has the potential to engage more people in Internet - driven economy .
The gaming workers in China do n’t have skills like English , software or graphic design to participate in other forms of Internet - driven work , but they can communicate and navigate in a 3D game world whose tools and routines they are familiar with …
So if more social and economic activities happen in an accessible 3D game world , people who do n’t have access to other culture capital but gaming knowledge will be more likely to be included in global interaction .
Using Ajax for the sake of Ajax
Breaking the back button
Not giving immediate visual cues for clicking widgets
Leaving offline people behind
Do n’t make me wait for Ajax
Sending sensitive information in the clear
Assuming AJAX development is single platform development .
Too much code makes the browser slow
Not having a plan for those who do not enable or have JavaScript .
Inventing new UI conventions
Changing state with links ( GET requests )
Blinking and changing parts of the page unexpectedly
Not using links I can pass to friends or bookmark
Not cascading local changes to other parts of the page
Asynchronously performing batch operations
Scrolling the page and making me lose my place
きほんてきに企画すれば、大層のまがい物でなければ「モッチリする」
ものだと思いますが、どうもコレは、程度が違うね…
ベビーの肌みたいにモチモチふわふわの効果が1回まぶたから得られので、
俊敏効果が実感できる点はすばらしいです。
まるで、ニキビなんですが、すぐに消えたりはしなかったのですが、
今までより落ち着いて来るのが手っ取り早いだ。
いつもはなかなか消えてくれないニキビさんですが、今は何とも小さくなってます。
それだけではなく 、
角質心配りしたかのように肌がスベスベになりますね～
おそらくツヤっぽさが出るから健康的な肌に感じるんでしょう…
お肌トータルも、明るくなってきて、メイクしたときの「くすみ」が出てこなくなりました。
週間に2回ほど使って、お肌の邪魔役割も一心になっていく気がします。
透明感がすぐに生じる感じじゃないですが、じょじょに効いているかな？
毛穴がしだいに目立たなくなり、Uゾーンの本音も感じなくなり、
ボウズがカサカサすることもなくなりました。
殊にお肌が疲れているな～って時に使うと、本当に回復させてくれるね！
できるだけ間隔はあけたくないですが、すぐに使い切ってしまいそうなので、
まだまだ間隔をおいて使うようにしました。
が、それでも効果は発揮されて、肌のくすみの知覚もなくなっています。
使って半年次～現在の本音
使って半年次～現在の本音総計ヶ月ぶりにあった近辺に
「 肌白くなってる！ 」
と甚だしく驚かれ、長所をといつめられました笑。
個人的な感想としては、
ムシャクシャや条件で、肌が鋭敏になっている場合や、
体内が疲れていると思った場合企画すると実に効果系統かな～と思います。
理由は、ベストなクラスが貫くからだ。
憧れの色白肌！になったワケではないですが、キメがととのった結果くすみがなくなりました。
わずか5～10分の企画で、お肌がフワリ、キメがキレイになっていくので、
順調にお訂正できていると実感しますね。
つまり、キメの狂いに効いていただけるんですね。
じっくりと鏡を見てみると、前よりキメのカタチがキレイになっているんです。
それにともなってメイクテンポもよくなるので、メイクまん中の乱調も前より、汚くなくなりました。
最近では、半身浴しながら使うと効果系統ときいて、実践しています。
ニキビなんですが、でがたくなりましたね…
つぎ込み始めてから見かけなくなったんです。
そして、全体的に肌の色彩があがっています。
実は、時として「方策」も、こういうミエルドアンジュで企画しています（笑）。
非常識ツヤがよくなるし、くすみももちろん無し。
またもや 「方策がカワイイ」って母ともとかにそっこう言われるようになりましたよ。
正にスゴイ！ ！
ミエルドアンジュ使用後の本音結び
という結果、実話レポ、ご参考になりましたでしょうか？
ミエルドアンジュ使用後の本音まとめ自分は、総計日に1回、
随時週間に1回なんて時もありましたが、単に10分でメキメキ透明感が出てきて、
やわらかさも戻るので、すごい相性のよい企画だと体感しました。
効果としては、ニキビガードと美容白効果を体感。
目の下のくすみがじっさい薄くなってきてるし、敢行前より美容肌になっているのもわかります。
企画をしたまま、べつの用をしてから洗い流したりと、時間も効果系統に使っています＾＾
お肌の姿がかくですんによくなるので、ニキビなどで耐えるそれぞれには、
ぜひ使ってもらいたいだ！www.lamellar-essence.com/
The last of 16 million tonnes of concrete will be poured in today , making Chairman Mao's dream of a reality , and giving China 's current generation of engineers - turned - leaders the chance to proclaim another colossal step forward in the country 's " harmonious development " .
But the completion of the Three Gorges dam has been anything but harmonious .
It is now being cited as a textbook example of how not to build a dam .
Before it even starts operating , the giant hydro- electric scheme is threatened by silt - the solution to which is to pour yet more concrete into the Yangtse river .
Since construction began 15 years ago , more than 1 million people have been relocated from areas engulfed by the 370 mile - long reservoir that formed behind the wall of the dam .
Another 80,000 will have to leave in the next few months .
The state has gone into overdrive to proclaim the achievements of the 1.4 mile - long dam , completed nine months ahead of schedule : what it will do for flood control , navigation safety , energy generation and the economy .
With an output equivalent to a dozen nuclear power plants or the burning of 50 million tonnes of coal , it will power Shanghai and other cities on the fast - growing eastern seaboard .
As the waters behind the dam rise , increased pressure will allow it to generate more power and recoup the $ 22bn ( £ 11 bn ) investment more quickly .
But the output is not as significant as had been originally imagined .
At first , it was envisaged the dam would supply at least a 10th of the country 's energy , but electricity supply has grown rapidly along with the economy , and by the end of this year , it will provide less than a 30th .
And the dam 's environmental record is , at best , mixed .
Several species of freshwater fish are no longer able to reach their spawning grounds .
Scientists warn that the upstream water quality has deteriorated because the flow is too slow to allow the river to clean itself .
More than half of the sewage from Chongqing is pumped into the river untreated .
New water treatment plants have been built , but this has failed to stop a slow stagnation .
To minimise the loss of fertile land , farmers have been encouraged to dig up soil under the flood line and re-lay it on the tops of hills , but much biodiversity has already been lost under the reservoir .
Green activists urged the government to learn the lessons of the Three Gorges by allowing greater public participation in future projects .
Consultation was absent from the approval debate for the dam .
Even the National People 's Congress was so enraged by the plan that a third of delegates either voted against or abstained - the closest to a rebellion that China 's rubber stamp parliament has ever seen .
Guy is the author of fifteen books .
These books are textbooks for the finest academic institutions in the world and have been both New York Times and Wall Street Journal bestsellers .
His writing focuses on the tactical and practical in order to empower and inspire .
TMZ has learned the FBI and Massachusetts authorities raided a Westfield , Mass .
home Tuesday night and seized photos of a baby shower held by Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt .
TMZ has learned the FBI and Massachusetts authorities raided a Westfield , Mass .
home Tuesday night and seized photos of a baby shower held by Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt .
It 's a bizarre story that starts in Namibia , where the shower was thrown .
James Haven , Jolie 's brother , took a number of pictures in Namibia .
When he returned to L.A. , his camera broke so he took it to Best Buy where the camera was purchased , and asked them to fix it under the warranty .
Best Buy sent the camera to Precision Camera and Video Repair in Enfield , Connecticut .
Sources tell TMZ that two employees at Precision , Bill Keyes and Adam Beckwith , discovered the pictures in the digital camera .
We 're told that Keyes told authorities that Beckwith downloaded the photos .
Keyes mother , Madelon , told TMZ that her 36 - year - old son was excited , showed her the pictures and sent an email to someone in California .
Sources say the email may have been an attempt to sell the photos .
Madelon Keyes told TMZ , " I do n't think he would do something like that . "
A sergeant from the Westfield Police Department confirmed with TMZ that authorities searched Keyes ' home and seized his computer .
The sergeant also said a search warrant was executed at Precision Camera and Video Repair and the actual camera that took the pictures was also seized .
The sergeant said neither Keyes nor Beckwith were arrested and that the case is in the hands of the LA County District Attorney .
The sergeant says neither man violated Massachusetts law , but California laws are different .
Danielle Friedland of Celebrity Baby Blog tells TMZ that she received an email last week with sample photos attached , " to see what these photos may be worth . "
One of the of the images was on her blog .
After some consideration , however , Danielle removed the images , believing the photos may have been illegally obtained .
The Los Angeles County District Attorney had no comment because the investigation is ongoing and no charges have been filed .
We could not reach Bill Keyes or Adam Beckwith for comment .
John Malinosky , President of Precision Camera and Video Repair said he was unaware of the search and " We have absolutely no knowledge of this . "
When Microsoft announced the Zune last July , we had pretty low expectations for the digital media player .
So much about the Zune just did n’t seem right :
Zune is possibly the worst product name in history .
It has various obscene meanings depending on what language you speak .
is possibly the worst product name in history .
It has various obscene meanings depending on what language you speak .
Microsoft used the Zune as an opportunity to introduce an entirely new DRM system that is incompatible with the company ’s previous DRM system .
In the process they angered many of their partners who had built their business based on the old PlaysForSure DRM system .
Zune ’s highly touted wireless capabilities are strangely limited .
For example , the Zune ca n’t connect to the Internet or your PC .
The wireless file sharing created a storm of controversy when Microsoft announced that ALL shared files would be limited to 3 days or 3 plays , even songs that artists have specifically licensed to be freely available with no such limitations .
So how did the Zune do during its first holiday season ?
It all depends on who you ask .
Microsoft is n’t likely to release specific sales figures for the Zune , but if the Amazon charts are any indication , Microsoft is now the number four manufacturer of digital audio players – behind Apple , SanDisk , and Creative .
Microsoft claims they ’re happy with the results .
After all , this time last year they were n’t even on the list .
Still , number four is n’t much to brag about — especially when you look at the companies that Microsoft has pulled ahead of .
Microsoft has successfully toppled iRiver , and that ’s about it .
Microsoft began lowering expectations shortly after the Zune ’s release .
The company now claims they ’ll be happy to sell 1 million units by June 2007 .
By comparison , the iPod was expected to sell 20 million units during the 2006 holiday season .
The Zune clearly has a lot of catching up to do .
Meanwhile , there are questions about the level of consumer satisfaction among the few people who actually own Zune’s .
While Amazon features some glowing Zune reviews , there are also a fair number of bitter Zune owners out there .
Zune ’s software has become notoriously buggy and the installation process has been a major headache for many Zune owners .
Then there ’s that wireless file sharing that ’s been so eagerly anticipated by Zune fans .
Some brilliant Microsoft mind decided it would be hip to call the file sharing feature “ squirting “ .
It ’s really over the top when you consider the various alternate meanings for Zune .
It ’s what we commonly refer to as a marketing disaster .
I have yet to find a women who wants to be squirted with a Zune .
I ’ve stopped asking .
Fortunately the Zune only squirts occasionally .
As it turns out , some content providers are n’t hip to squirting .
Instead , they ’ve chosen to use Zune ’s DRM to prevent squirting .
The interesting part of this limitation is that it only affects songs that have been purchased through the Zune Marketplace .
Worse yet , there ’s no indication of the restriction prior to purchase .
In order to find out if a song can be shared you have to purchase it , then try to squirt it .
This has to violate some truth in advertising laws , but so far no one ’s bothered to make an issue of it .
Probably because so far whenever someone tries to squirt music from their Zune everyone else in the room ducks .
That ’s Zune product manager Matt Jubilier dodging questions from the Hollywood Reporter about the squirting limitations in the video box at the end of this post .
He does n’t really seem to understand why people might be put out by the fact that the Zune does n’t actually share the way it ’s supposed to .
If all goes as planned , 2007 will bring at least one smaller capacity flash memory player and a Zune phone .
In other words , we ’re all in for more Zune whether we like it or not .
WikiLog - asaasa.tk
◆新◆新 規Wiki
◆古◆うぃ き
過去 のWikiの記録です。( / wiki/ 以下は 2015/09/25 に無効とし、Static な HTML になりました )
一部ページや画像ファイルが 404 になるのは、仕様です 。
◆古◆配布 物
Zaurus 関連の配布物です ( 移動しました )
I just got this email , apparently designed to make me want to work for Company X , but it had the exact opposite effect .
I am a recruiter with Company X and I sourced your resume from the Internet .
Company X currently has several opportunities available .
Please visit : http://www.companyx.com/careers.htm and view our current opportunities .
( You man [ sic ] have to copy and paste the link into your browser . )
Once you have found a position you are interested in create your profile and apply online .
Upon completion kindly send me an email letting me know which requisition number you applied for so I can follow up with you .
Thanks for your time and interest in Company X .
Where should I begin with this ?
You " sourced " my resume ?
Is that lame recruiter speak for " I was punching buzzwords into Google when I ran across your resume ... " ?
You were impressed enough with my resume ( found on my own web site ) to send email ( with an obvious typo in it , no less ) , yet you felt it necessary to warn me that cut and paste might be necessary to find your web site ?
How insulting !
Your jobs site sucks .
I looked .
Have you even tried it yourself ?
Why do I have to do all the work ?
You 've read my resume and contacted me .
Yet I 'm supposed to start from scratch , search your listings , create a profile , and then contact you .
Are you kidding ?
You interrupted my day in an attempt to get me to switch jobs .
You 've certainly wasted no time trying to put me to work !
I never expressed an interest in Company X .
Here 's a helpful hint to all Big Company recruiters out there .
Before you contact someone , try putting yourself in their shoes first .
Do your tactics even make sense ?
Posted by jzawodn at September 11 , 2006 12:23 PM
Fig. 1 b : Profit through co-operation in the " Public Goods Game " .
Blue : if both punishment as well as loss of reputation are possible .
Orange : if only punishment is possible .
Grey : typical sequence without punishment and loss of reputation .
Image : Rockenbach & Milinski
Scientists at the Max Planck Institute of Limnology and the University of Erfurt have discovered that even in the presence of effective reputation mechanisms , people do not entirely cease punishing those that put self - interest ahead of the collective interest .
When given a choice , subjects even prefer a society with the option of both maintaining their own reputation and punishing " free riders " .
Acts of punishment are rare but imposed in a targeted manner .
Scientists therefore conclude that although punishment activities are as integral to human societies as our desire to maintain a reputation , sanctions can be limited to the " worst offenders " if reputation is also an important social value .
( Nature , December 7 , 2006 ) .
Many current problems in human societies or states , such as the overexploitation of fish stock or the abuse of social welfare systems , represent a failure of co-operation .
Such conflicts between social and individual interests over the use of resources , a phenomenon known as the " tragedy of the commons " , could conceivably become a threat to the actual survival of humanity .
Fig.
1a : Average of penalty points per group member in each of the 20 rounds .
Blue : if both punishment as well as loss of reputation are possible .
Orange : if only punishment is possible .
Image : Rockenbach & Milinski
One example of such a danger in our time is the unrestricted use of fossil fuels and its effects on the global climate .
Scientific research has shown , however , that there are also factors that increase our willingness to co-operate such as directly punishing those exploiting a public resource for personal gain or rewarding those with a high social status ( reputation ) .
The interesting question from a political perspective would be to what extent effective reputation mechanisms could render redundant costly sanctions of defectors .
To study such social dilemmas , experimental scientists use so - called " public goods games " as a testing ground .
In a typical set up , four players are asked to contribute one Euro each to a common pool of funds .
The experimenter then doubles the amount in the pool and distributes it equally among all participants - irrespective of whether they have actually made a contribution or not .
If all players donated e.g. one Euro , they will end up with two Euros each .
But with just one player defecting , the average dividend is reduced to 1.50 Euros each ; a net profit of 1.50 Euros for the " free rider " and 0.50 Euro for the co-operator .
At the end of the game , each participant will be paid his or her actual earnings in cash .
While such experiments usually start out cooperatively , co-operation typically breaks down after only a few repetitions , with everyone ceasing to contribute to the public good , just as in real life .
Any attempt to co-operate would entail a financial loss , since the investment of one Euro yields only a return of 50 Cents to the investor .
If , on the other hand , players are given the option of punishing non-cooperators - at incurring costs to themselves - the willingness of defectors to co-operate will increase within subsequent game rounds .
In this scenario , however , financial gains are reduced , since both the punisher and the punished are losing money .
As a result , the group would be better off if the willingness to co-operate was maintained by less harmful means .
In fact it is possible to sustain high levels of co-operation if participants have the opportunity to build up a good reputation and gain personal prestige through their behaviour .
According to the motto " give and you shall receive " , individuals that have supported others will receive support in return .
To achieve such " indirect reciprocity " , it is important to build up a high donor status .
At the same time , non-cooperative players are disciplined by denying them support , which acts as a punitive measure .
On the basis of these findings , one would expect that costly punishments would no longer be performed in social dilemma situations if there was an opportunity to build up a reputation by contributing to the common pool .
After all , this is a significantly cheaper and more effective alternative to the sanctions .
" We now know that punishing hardly pays off - the costs incurred both for the punisher and the punished will offset most of the gains resulting from enhanced co-operation " , says Manfred Milinski from the Max Planck Institute of Limnology in Plön .
The evolutionary biologist , together with economic scientist Bettina Rockenbach of the University of Erfurt , investigated what happened if players were not only given the options of costly sanctions but also of building a reputation .
Would sanctions be replaced by reputation ?
The scientists set up an experiment with students from the University of Erfurt .
They divided participants into groups of eight people in order to play 20 rounds of a public good game with two different game options .
Before the start of each round , players could either choose a group with an opportunity to both sanction fellow players and build up a reputation , or a group with reputation building opportunities only .
In a second experiment , players were given the choice to either join a group with only the opportunity to sanction , or a group in which the game was played without either sanction or reputation building opportunities .
The findings were surprising : on the outset of both games , seventy percent of participants chose the option with no punishment opportunities .
Although the participants in the first experiment had the opportunity of exclusively using reputation building in order to sustain co-operation levels - a solution at no expense and saving costs for the punishers - in subsequent rounds , more and more participants decided to switch to the group that offered the combination of both punishment and reputation building .
In this constellation , in comparison with the exclusive punishment variation of the game , players were punished less often ( Fig. 1a ) , and the risk of being penalised steadily decreased .
Punishment , however , remained a deterrent : in the rare instances where punishment was exercised , free riders were punished significantly more harshly than in the pure punishment control .
" It is possible to maintain co-operation by exercising virtually no punishment if others are watching us and our own reputation is at stake " , explains Bettina Rockenbach .
As costly punishments are therefore reduced by two thirds , the public goods game also becomes enormously efficient : compared to the other game options , the contribution made to the common pool was the largest in the course of the game rounds ( Fig. 1 b ) .
Both punishing others and building a reputation for oneself seem to be key ingredients of human social behaviour .
In addition , effective reputation mechanisms create an environment in which actual sanctions of social misconduct are progressively unnecessary .
It stands to reason that such findings could be applied to some of our society ’s problems between people , groups , and states .
Citation : Bettina Rockenbach & Manfred Milinski ,
The efficient interaction of indirect reciprocity and costly punishment , Nature , December 7 , 2006
Source : Max - Planck - Institute for Limnology
Security Manual - Tools for CIOs and IT Managers - DRP Template
Over 310 IT Job Descriptions
Disaster Recovery Plan Template , DRP Template , DRP Sample , Security , Job Descriptions , and Infrastructure Tools
Tools for enterprise CIO and IT Managers - DRP Template - IT job Descriptions Infrastructure Policies - IT Governance - Tools for the CIO and IT Managers .
BCP and DRP Template , IT Job Descriptions , Policies , and Cyber Security Manual are delivered electrronically .
This site contains tools for managing Information Technology computing .
Included are Disaster Recovery Planning , Business Continuity , IT Salary Survey , Job Descriptions , Infrastructure and other tools that the Chief Information Officer - CIO , Chief Technology Officer - CTO , Chief Security Officer - CSO , and Chief Financial Officer - CFO can use .
2020 Edition of Disaster Recovery and Business Continuity
The Disaster Recovery Business Continuity Template is a comprehensive tool and set of disaster and business continuity planning resources , including a detail disaster recovery business continuity work plan on how to proceed from evaluating risk factors to retrieving server data .
The template has new electronic forms which have been updated to address the realities of today .
They are :
Pandemic Planning Checklist
Vendor Partner DR / BC Questionnaire
Areas covered by the template are :
Business and IT Impact analysis - risk assessment
Electronic communications - records management and archiving
HIPAA recovery regulations
Data backup solutions
Extended application recovery
Disaster readiness testing
Windows client and server recovery
Crisis management
Incident Communication Plan and Policy
Meeting ISO 22301 and 27031 Disaster Planning Requirements
Besides all the great information included in the Disaster Planning e-book , a PDF version of our Disaster Recovery Planning Template and MS WORD version of the template provide a variety of unique , hands - on planning resources to help ensure your organization 's disaster readiness as no other product on the market can .
So do not delay — order Janco 's Disaster Recovery Business Continuity Template today !
Read on Order DRP DRP Sample
2020 Internet and IT Position Description HandiGuide Released
There are now 310 IT Job Descriptions available that that have been updated to meet the latest compliance and new technology requirements .
The HandiGuide can be acquired in MS WORD and / or PDF format .
In addition we provide the option to get updates and free custom job descriptions .
The job descriptions added in this addition are :
Chief Experience Officer
Manager Blockchain Architecture
Project Manager Blockchain
Blockchain Analyst
Manager DevOps
DevOps Application Designer
DevOps Quality Control Specialist
DevOps Software Engineer
DevOps Version Control Specialist
In addition , all of the job descriptions are gender - neutral and meet all mandated compliance requirement from GDPR for the EU and CCPA for California .
Read On IT Job Descriptions
Technology
People
Infrastructure
CIOs and CTOs are in a constantly evolving field , however world class CIOs and CTOs focus on three areas to help them manage more effectively .
They are :
Read on Order CIO Management Kit
Security Manual Template - eReader Released
Lastest version of the Security Manual Template has been released .
The right tool to have to better manage threats and information security .
New administrator IT Security features inclulde :
SIEM ( Security Information and Event Management ) which includes BEST PRACTICES and KPI METRICS
Audit , governance , and compliance tools
Chapter on Identity Protection and what enterprises need to do to protect their users .
e Reader ( .ePub ) version that can be shared on tablets and smartphones
25 electronic forms that support mandated compliance requirements .
Read on
Mobility Policy Bundle Updated
Managing the increase of mobile computing enterprises has created a need to have a set of policies and procedures to govern the use of mobile devices .
The lastest addition of the Mobility Policy bundle has been completely updated to meet the latest security and compliance requirements .
Mobile User Policies and Procedures just updated
Read On Order Mobility Policy Bundle Download Sample
IT Infrastructure Architecture with 24 months of update service now available
Janco has just released its IT Infrastructure Architecture with the ability to get updates to all of its components for 24 months from the date of its purchase .
Necessary for certification of compliance .
Read On Order IT Infrastructure Architecture Download Sample
Disaster Recovery Plan Template , DRP Template , DRP Sample -- Disaster Recovery / Business Continuity and Security Templates Released
The version of the the Disaster Recovery Business Continuity and Security Manual Templates are now available .
Both of these World Class documents have been combined into a single package to provide your organization with the complete solution to business continuity and security compliance .
They come with electronic forms that are easily modifiable to meet your specific unique requirements .
Both of these templates are the products of choice by 4,000 enterprises in over 100 counties .
With the ongoing update service they are the must have winning solution you have been looking for .
Disaster Recovery Plan Template , DRP Template , and DRP Sample .
Read on Order DRP BCP Security Download Sample
LAN Inventory ,
Location Contact Numbers ,
Off - Site Inventory ,
Personnel Locations ,
Plan Distribution ,
Remote Location Contact Information ,
Team Call List , and
Vendor Contact Information , and
Vendor Partner Questionnaire
Included with the template are Electronic Forms which have been designed to lower the cost of maintenance of the plan .
Electronic
Forms that can be emailed , completed via a computer or tablet , and stored electronically including :
Read on Order DRP DRP Sample
10 Backup Best Practices White Paper Released
Israeli jets have been involved in several incidents over Lebanon
Michele Alliot - Marie told parliament the jets dived towards UN positions in October and were perceived as a threat .
" Two seconds later there would have been a shot against the aircraft which were directly menacing our forces , " the defence minister said .
France has previously complained about Israel violating Lebanese air space .
Ms Alliot - Marie last month called the intrusions " extremely dangerous " .
It is a miracle that nothing serious happened , because there could have been a response on the part of French troops
Philippe Douste- Blazy
French foreign minister
She raised her concerns with UN Secretary - General Kofi Annan and Jean - Marie Guehenno , the French head of the UN peacekeeping operations .
French troops are in Lebanon as part of the UN peacekeeping mission , which was expanded in a UN - brokered deal that ended a 34 - day conflict between Israel and Hezbollah militants earlier this year .
The head of France 's troops in Lebanon even suggested their rules of engagement might need to be changed so that they could reply with force to Israel 's air violations .
Ms Alliot - Marie said of the October incident that a " catastrophe " was avoided only thanks " to the judiciousness of our troops " .
The foreign minister said France would issue a caution to Israel .
Ship ' buzzed '
Israeli warplanes have been involved in a number of recent incidents in the region .
Eight jets staged mock raids on Hezbollah targets in Beirut , flying low and diving , at the end of October , according Lebanese security forces .
Reports from Germany alleged that Israeli planes buzzed a German warship off the Lebanese coast , and fired shots nearby .
Israel said the jets were merely investigating an unreported take - off .
Israel has previously warned that it would continue to fly over Lebanon to prevent Hezbollah from rearming with weapons smuggled from Syria .
Klinsmann - Debatte Raus aus der Ego - Höhle !
Deutschland und Jürgen Klinsmann haben viel gemeinsam : Keine wirkliche Leidenschaft , kein Fußballfieber , kein echter WM - Groove .
Zeit , sich an ein paar fast vergessene deutsche Werte zu erinnern .
Von Reinhard Mohr
Fawzi al - Odah said hunger strikers were strapped to a chair and force - fed through a tube three times a day .
A senior US official denied the use of torture in Guantanamo Bay .
Mr Odah 's comments , relayed by his lawyer in answer to BBC questions , came as another inmate launched a legal challenge to the force - feeding policy .
The case is being brought on behalf of Mohammed Bawazir , a Yemeni who has also been held there since 2002 .
The action is the first test for a new law explicitly outlawing torture of terrorism suspects , which President George W Bush signed in December .
New testimony
The BBC Today programme 's Jon Manel submitted questions for Mr Odah to his lawyer , Tom Wilner , who has access to the camp .
There was no opportunity for the BBC to challenge Mr Odah 's responses .
Mr Odah , who has been held at the base since 2002 , was one of 84 inmates at Guantanamo who went on hunger strike in December .
Just four are still refusing food .
US TORTURE BAN
Bans cruel , inhuman or degrading treatment of terror suspects Limits interrogation techniques to US Army standards CIA interrogators have same legal rights as military Proposed by US Republican Senator John McCain Initially opposed by White House
Analysis : US torture ban Send us your reaction
Through his lawyer , Mr Odah described his treatment during his hunger strike .
" First they took my comfort items away from me .
You know , my blanket , my towel , my long pants , then my shoes .
I was put in isolation for 10 days .
" They came in and read out an order .
It said if you refuse to eat , we will put you on the chair [ for force feeding ] . "
He told how detainees were given " formulas " to force them to empty their bowels and were strapped to a metal chair three times a day , where a tube was inserted to administer food .
" One guy , a Saudi , told me that he had once been tortured in Saudi Arabia and that this metal chair treatment was worse than any torture he had ever endured or could imagine , " Mr Odah said .
Strain
Mr Odah told the BBC that he felt like an old man despite being only 29 .
He described a regime where young military guards routinely beat detainees who caused problems .
Death in this situation is better than being alive and staying here without hope
Fawzi al - Odah
Guantanamo detainee
Full transcript of interview
" I 'm always tired .
I have pain in my kidneys .
I have trouble breathing .
I have pain in my heart and am short of breath .
I have trouble urinating and having bowel movements .
" Death in this situation is better than being alive and staying here without hope , " Mr Odah added .
The US has said it is holding Mr Odah because he is a dangerous " enemy combatant " , who travelled through Afghanistan with the Taleban , fired AK - 47 rifles while at an al - Qaeda training camp and fought against US and coalition forces .
He dismissed the general allegations , branding them as " rubbish " and " absolutely untrue " .
However , he refused to elaborate , insisting he would only discuss the accusations against at a court hearing .
New rules
In Washington , lawyers for Mohammed Bawazir , who has now ended his hunger strike , said the force - feeding inflicted " unbearable pain " on detainees .
The BBC's Justin Webb , in Washington , says the legal challenge may be a shot in the dark .
Under the terms of the new law it is not even clear whether courts have the right to hear this case , he adds .
The lawyers are arguing that the new anti-torture rules which Mr Bush signed in December outlaw this practice .
The UN Human Rights Commission said recently that it regarded force - feeding at Guantanamo as a form of torture , a charge the US firmly has repeatedly denied .
This article was co-authored by our trained team of editors and researchers who validated it for accuracy and comprehensiveness .
wikiHow 's Content Management
Team carefully monitors the work from our editorial staff to ensure that each article is backed by trusted research and meets our high quality standards .
This article has been viewed 9,141,058 times .
X
If you got your cell phone wet , the first thing you should do is turn it off , even if it seems to be working , so it does n't short circuit .
Once it 's off , take out the battery and place it on a paper towel .
Depending on your phone , you might need to use a special kind of screwdriver to get the battery out .
You should also take out your phone 's SIM card if it has one .
When you 've finished disassembling your phone , use the hose attachment on a vacuum to suck water out of all the components .
Wipe your phone and battery dry with a paper towel as you 're vacuuming it .
Once you 're done , leave your phone and battery in a bowl of uncooked instant rice or silica gel packets for 48 - 72 hours to absorb any leftover moisture .
To learn how to dry a wet cell phone using crystal cat litter , scroll down .
Browzar promises users total privacy when surfing the web
The application Browzar has been branded " adware " by many because it directs web searches to online adverts .
Some technical experts also say Browzar , which claims to leave no trail of webpages visited , does not work .
Browzar 's developers say they are examining the feedback but strongly deny that it is adware .
Mr Ajaz Ahmed , founder of internet service provider Freeserve and the man behind Browzar , told the BBC News website that he thought people were misusing the term .
" This is not adware at all , " he said .
" Like every search engine , Browzar has sponsored advertising . "
Adware is typically a piece of software that generates advertising on a user 's computer .
The Browzar website states the application contains " no malware , no spyware and no adware " .
Sponsored links
Browzar is an " Internet Explorer shell " , a program that sits on top of Microsoft 's popular browser to change its look and some of its functions .
It is a free download and is offered as a " beta " , or test version .
To use Browzar , people must download a small application from the developer 's website and must have Internet Explorer ( IE ) installed on their computer .
When the program is running , it looks similar to many web browsers , with a main page , address bar and home page button .
The default home page , which cannot be changed on the current version , is the Browzar search engine .
We are looking to enhance our search and change the way it is presented , based on feedback
Ajaz Ahmed , founder of Browzar
Mr Ahmed says the layout is modelled on the homepage of the open source browser Firefox .
When a user searches using the Browzar search engine or the search box many of the results are for sponsored links or adverts .
These are included within the search results , rather than in a discrete " sponsored links " section , as on many search engines .
For example , searching for BBC in the search box displays " Find ' At the BBC Recordings on eBay " as the first result .
Underneath , the page says the link is " sponsored , " meaning it is a paid - for advert .
Other results direct users towards BBC pages .
Negative feedback
The paid - for sponsored links are generated by a program known as " Overture " , developed by web giant Yahoo , and designed to display adverts based on keywords in the search term .
Overture is used by many search engines and sites including ITV , Lycos and Altavista .
But many of these sites keep sponsored links separate to search results .
Browzar does not .
In a post on the Techcrunch blog , titled " Is Bowzar just an adware machine " , Michael Arrington wrote : " Browzar appears to be nothing but a simple shell to IE which forces Overture ads on its own users . "
Another blog , web3.0log , posted a story titled " new secure browser browzar is fake and full of adware . "
But Mr Ahmed says that users are under no obligation to use the Browzar search engine .
" You can use whichever search engine you want with Browzar , " he said .
" Just type in the address and you can use Google , MSN , Yahoo or Ask . "
Browzar has updated its FAQ page to make this clear to users and is considering changes to the browzar site .
" We are looking to enhance our search and change the way it is presented , based on feedback , " said Mr Ahmed .
Clean sweep
Browzar claims to wipe any traces of a user 's online activities .
The developers say it is designed for people using shared computers who do not want to leave a trace of the websites they have visited and the terms they have searched for on the web .
The developers say it does this automatically by deleting all files associated with websites when the application is shut down or by not storing them in the first place .
Many web browsers , including Firefox , IE and Safari , already allow users to do this manually .
Some experts claim the application is not doing what it says it does
Mr Ahmed said at the time of its release : " Although it 's possible to delete history folders and empty cache with existing internet browsers , the majority of internet users worldwide do n't have the time or expertise to do this .
" There is no free method that offers the freedom to surf the web privately that is as simple and easy to use as Browzar .
" It does n't keep copies of pages that have been visited or retain details that have been entered into online forms . "
But some experts claim to have already shown that this is not the case .
Scott Hanselman , writing on his blog Computer Zen , claims to have been able to find records of websites he had visited with the program installed .
" Browzar , at least this version , is totally not doing what it says it does , " he writes .
Mr Ahmed said that he had contacted Mr Hanselman .
" We 're asking him to provide details of how he did so , so that we can make the necessary changes , " he explained .
" We have done extensive testing but there maybe certain configurations that cause problems . "
Scotsman Donald MacKillop , who lost his right hand in an industrial accident nearly 30 years ago , is the first recipient of what is being called the most advanced prosthetic hand in the world .
The i-LIMB prosthetic hand was developed by Touch Bionics , a technology company based in Scotland .
The thumb and three digits are powered individually ; the little finger is slaved to the third finger .
The thumb can rotate , so that the hand can perform the three most common grip configurations of the human hand .
The digits can be articulated to hold a mug and the thumb can be held against the phalange of the index finger to hold a key , or against the first and second digits to grasp a pen .
The Touch Bionic prosthesis is therefore anatomically more similar to that of a human than any previous prosthetic hand .
It is even covered with high definition silicon rubber to give the appearance of a real hand .
“ It ’s unbelievable , ” says MacKillop .
“ You can do anything with it .
The fact that the fingers can wrap round things , makes life much , much easier . ”
In this film clip , the i-LIMB hand is being used to fasten a neck tie :
Did I hear that right ?
Apparently we are now marking the bicentennial of the Reconquest of Buenos Aires by Argentine forces from the British in 1806 and the Argentine ambassador to Britain Federico Mirre is hosting a memorial .
If , as Winston Churchill said , battles are the punctuation marks of history , then the events in far off Argentina 200 years ago rate as a relatively minor comma .
That said , what were the Brits doing there in the first place ?
In fact this summer marks the first of two invasions of Buenos Aires in 1806 and 1807 : military expeditions that took place within the framework of the Napoleonic Wars with France .
Spain , then a French ally ( remember that it was a combined Spanish - French fleet that Nelson attacked off Cape Trafalgar in 1805 ) was at war with Great Britain and one way of hitting back was for the Brits to attack the Spanish colonies in South America .
Buenos Aires weathered two invasions by the British
On 27 June 1806 a British force of 1,500 men under William Carr Beresford occupied the city , for about six weeks until surrendering in mid-August to colonial militia , led by Santiago de Liniers y Bremond , a French nobleman at the service of Spain .
A second , better - resourced invasion followed in May 1807 , under Lieutenant - General John Whitelock , attacking Buenos Aires in July .
After a couple of days of intense street fighting , the British surrendered to an army it had considered no more than a rabble .
After losing more than half his force , the British signed a ceasefire on 7 July and left for home , where Whitelock was court - martialled and discharged .
War often defines nationhood : just as America was said to have come of age in 1776 , when British colonists declared their independence from the Crown , so Argentina felt it had come of age as a separate state , having fought for themselves against the British .
In 1900 , Harrods had two branches , London and Buenos Aires , surely a sign that trade had cemented the two countries
Peter Caddick - Adams
When dignitaries gather in London on Saturday to mark the 200th anniversary , I hope Ambassador Mirre remembers not the British invasion , but its lasting impact , therefore .
In some ways , Argentina has much to thank Britain for : a war which led to her independence .
Furthermore , some of the British , and Irish , prisoners - of - war from 1806 and 1807 decided to stay and took part , voluntarily , in fighting the Spanish military machine elsewhere in South America , securing the independence also of Chile , Peru and Ecuador .
Amongst these was Irish - born William Brown , considered the founder of the Argentine navy , who led Argentine fleets , first against the Spanish , then Brazil in the 1820s .
This obscure Napoleonic campaign also saw key British generals , such as Beresford , and another , known as Robert " Black Bob " Craufurd , tested in war , before they later took on the French in the Peninsular War , the setting for the Sharpe novels and TV dramas starring Sean Bean .
Maradona 's " Hand of God " goal against England in 1986 poisoned football relations
Of course , the Falkland Islands are never far from our minds when we think of Argentina , but they were never really a bone of contention until made into one by a military junta in 1982 .
Discovered by English navigator John Davis in 1592 , the French took possession and founded the settlement of Port Louis in 1764 .
The British , who claimed them on the grounds of their previous discovery , removed the French in 1765 ; meanwhile France had sold her rights to Spain who yielded the islands to Great Britain in 1771 .
It was only in 1820 that the new country of Argentina laid claim to the islands , but the British declared them a crown colony in 1832 .
Against this backdrop of benign diplomatic debate , to shift attention away from the faltering economy of General Galtieri 's regime , the islands were invaded on 2 April 1982 .
Maradona 's " Hand of God " goal
The invasion , the 25th anniversary of which will be marked by " major celebrations " in London next year - was a great tragedy for British - Argentine relations .
There remains a huge English - speaking community throughout Argentina , established over the last 200 years .
In 1900 , Harrods had two branches , London and Buenos Aires , surely a sign that trade had cemented the two countries .
In some ways , the Argentine embassy 's event should observe the friendship between the two nations , who have been allies for 200 years and opponents for just a few months over that period .
Our real war , should I say England 's real war , with Argentina is football , nothing else .
Two names are missing from the list - Admiral Cochrane ( the inspiration for Hornblower and who 's adventures are more unbelievable than any fictional hero's ) and the incredibly named Bernado O'Higgins who both played a major part in ending Spanish occupation of S. America .
Peter , Nottingham
Excellent piece .
This is something worth reading .
Educational and informative both past and present .
I do believe people should now more about their own history .
George Parnell , Fleet , Hants , UK
" Our real war with Argentina is football , nothing else . "
Is this a corollary of , " Football is n't a matter of life and death .
It 's much more important than that ! " ?
Ray Lashley , Bristol , UK
I can't believe an article on the relationship between Argentina & Britain has been written without a single mention of the fact that Welsh is spoken in the Chubut region of the country !
High profile Argentinians ( from media & sport ) are fluent speakers of Welsh ( Ex. Manchester United 's Gabriel Heinze ) and the author does n't feel this warrants a mention ?
Gerallt Williams , Manchester
Interesting read about our history with Argentina - I do believe though we should be handing the rights back of the Falkland Islands to Argentina .
What right do we have a on these islands that our over 6000 miles from us .
Paul Taylor , Maidstone
It saddens me that most Brits just think of the Falklands War and hand of God when Argentina is mentioned .
The locals were so incredibly warm and friendly when I went there last year , on my own and with very little Spanish .
The people and landscape left such an impression on me that I 'll be going back for 6 months shortly .
Let 's stop living in the past and embrace a new future .
Alex Palmer , London
Surely ' our real war with Argentina is football ' applies to England , not Britain ?
Alan White , Glasgow , Scotland
I was born and grew up in Buenos Aires until I was 12 .
The history of Argentina 's independence is taught very rigorously to foster a sense of nationality and I remember very clearly the story of Britain 's invasions and how the ' ordinary ' people of Buenos Aires defeated the ' mighty ' armies of the British empire .
I was surprised when emigrating to England that people I met there never heard of it and seemed quite shocked .
The event does , to my mind , bolster the idea of nationhood and how the seeds of independence sprouted from this victory against oppression .
It also nurtures the city 's sense of pride that it could defend itself against a foreign invader .
There is still a huge ex-pat British presence in Argentina and in particular Patagonia , where many Welsh set up farming communities there .
The relationship between the two countries is a close one and I hope one that continues to improve from the last 20 odd years .
Alex Laidlaw , London , UK
It 's also a fact that some 600 Argentinians fought with the RAF in the Second World War and 116 were killed in action serving Britain and the Commonwealth .
Ian brown , Cardiff
I think you should appreciate the Irish contribution to the liberation of South America .
You conveniently leave people to believe William Brown to be British when he was Irish as well as ignoring O'Higgins in Chile and his contribution to the liberation of Chile .
In short putting Irish in brackets is disgraceful .
Chad Cavazzi , Dublin
Sorry BBC this is the sort of statement that still has old colonial arrogance that is used now to justify the modern wars , " In some ways , Argentina has much to thank Britain for : a war which led to her independence . "
Marko , London
Interesting to note that large chunks of British or increasingly English history have been relegated to footnotes in history .
No doubt it was far more than a footnote to the thousands of working class English squaddies involved in the invasions !
James Read , Southport UK
I was lucky enough to live for a few months in Buenos Aires and found the people to be warm and welcoming .
Argentina is a fabulous country and one that more Brits should visit .
The Falkland Island conflict ( a name not adopted by Argentines ) is a much more prominent topic of conversation there and is taught about in much more detail in schools - a part of history that seems to be forgotten about in British school history lessons .
Locals were enthusiastic that British people were visiting their country and were keen to learn about it 's history .
A fascinating place .
Emma , London
A very onesided view of history , no mention of deporting the entire population of the Islands to the Argentine mainland !
Is it right that the British Government continue to pay ( mostly English ) British farmers to work on the lands on the Islands in order to uphold the idea that the Democratic wish of these people is to remain British ?
they are hardly likely to want to anything else !
Pat Lee , Belfast
John Davis was not the first recorded European to discover the Falkland Islands .
There were at least 2 other Europeans before him : the Amerigo Vespucci ( Florence ) in 1504 and Ferdinand Camerago ( Spain ) in 1540 .
Mike Antonis , Larne , N Ireland
Some of the British troops had as a marching song " Green grow the rushes , OH " which led the locals to call the Britons " Los Gringos " .
Now the term is more often applied to Americans .
Michael Algar , Toronto , Canada
I and a few other work - colleagues spent some time working in Argentina over the last few years .
I was struck by the sophistication , friendliness and plain like - ability of the Argentines .
We were always made very welcome , and we were constantly struck by their hospitality .
Conversations over beers always tip - toed nervously around the subject of the Falklands , but there was always a rush of mutual relief when we discovered that they frankly cared as little about them as we did .
In fact the most contentious issue was football ( hand of God ... ) .
Gus , Norwich
Another cultural import in which the UK and Argentina share a good relationship is Rugby Union .
The Pumas are a growing force , due in no little part to the expat communities and migrants since .
Owen , Bury - St - Edmunds , Suffolk
I admire Argentina and am fascinated by Eva Peron .
So Much so when I hear Madonna 's dance remix of Do n't Cry For Me I was in Argentina last year and found absolutely no anti-British feeling , despite the Falklands War .
The only comment made to me was when an Argentine man told me he was glad that Argentina had lost the Falklands War as it resulted in the end of the dictatorship .
Martin Lyons , Edinburgh
I have had the pleasure of working in Buenos Aires and found the people there to be welcoming , friendly and proud .
British , Argentine relations and cooperation is part and parcel of Argentina 's rich heritage .
Lets not demonise the Argentine people for the psychotic acts of their 1982 military Junta .
We British Will never suffer appeasement of tyrants but we do pratise tolerance and reconciliation to towards friendly nations and their inhabitants .
Philip Turner , Billericay , Essex
Another Briton of note in the South American wars of independence was Lord Thomas Cochrane whose successful naval exploits against vastly superior Spanish and Portuguese forces from 1817 to 1825 was the stuff of legend .
Steve , London
As an Argentinean living in the UK I find both cultures so alike in many ways .
Argentineans love their beef ( as British used to do in the past ) ; are passionate about football , tennis , rugby and polo ( all British sports ) ; and even have a " British " tower in downtown Buenos Aires celebrating the friendship between both countries .
Unfortunately the Falklands
War ruined all that but , as the author says , it was only a few months , with losses to both sides .
We should all look forward , pull together and think about those things we share in common .
Let the past get us closer rather than pull us apart !
MJ , Reading UK
Fascinating tale of changing loyalties .
If the Spanish who were our mortal enemies could later during the same conflict be considered our friends surely 25 years is long enough to forgive any wrongs of Argentina , especially given our long standing friendship prior to the Falklands conflict .
Stephen Pearce , Chatham , Kent .
England
Not forgetting the fact that there are more Welsh language speakers in Patagonia , Argentina than in Wales itself .
Seb Dario Gomez , Miami , USA ( born Sante Fe , Argentina )
Very well balanced story until the last line when it goes on about football , do n't remember there being a British football team .
An English maybe and the English are just a part of the Britain .
Do n't think that comment was particularly well placed or reflects the attitude of the nation .
If anything rugby is the sport where every country in Britain has had a struggle with Argentina , especially with the most recent Lions tour .
Kenny , Edinburgh
As far as I am aware , contrary to popular belief and your article , the Harrods in BA has nothing to do with the one in Knightsbridge !
Simon , London
Football is a game and not war .
To say that football is our only war with Argentina trivialises events , both historical and current .
I would suggest that the writer looks at current affairs in Argentina and other South American countries that will illustrate that the politics behind the Falklands war , and it's impact on Argentine and British relations , rumble on .
Why is it that the British press need to see everything in terms of football ?
Tim , Hull
General Beresford went on to take a commission in the Portuguese Army during the Peninsular War .
He helped to reform and reorganise its armed forces in order to fight for their independence from France .
Perhaps he was inspired by the example of the Argentinians .
Oliver Clark , London
Name
Your e-mail address
Town / city and country
Your comment
Published online 16 February 2006 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news060213-9
News
Study says unconscious consideration yields most satisfying decisions .
Which would you choose ?
Studies say you should list the pros and cons , then sleep on it .
© Punchstock
The best way to make a tough decision is to put your feet up and think about something else .
So says an investigation of people shopping for cars , clothes and furniture .
Many people assume that the best way to tackle a difficult choice is to list the pros and cons and ponder them deeply .
Others believe we do better to sleep on it , leaving the decision - making to our unconscious , or intuition .
A team of researchers at the University of Amsterdam , The Netherlands , carried out a series of studies to distinguish between these ideas .
In one experiment , university students read a list of features about four different cars , such as facts on their mileage and legroom , before deciding which car to pick .
The experiment was set so that some students were presented with a short list of features , making for a simple decision , while others faced a bafflingly long list of 12 competing characteristics .
Some students were left to think about their decisions for a few minutes , whereas others were distracted by being asked to solve anagrams .
Do n't think about it
For the simple decisions , students made better choices when they thought consciously about the problem .
But for the more complex choice , they did better after not thinking about it , Ap Dijksterhuis and his colleagues report in Science1 .
To carry this idea into the real world , the team also studied people who were shopping : either in an Amsterdam department store , where they bought straightforward clothes or kitchenware , or in IKEA , where they bought furniture , which one might expect to be a more complicated decision - making process .
The team asked the shoppers whether they had thought hard about their purchase beforehand , and a few weeks later asked them whether they were happy with it .
These results confirmed the earlier ones .
Department - store shoppers who made simple purchases were happier if they had thought consciously about their choice in advance .
IKEA shoppers , on the other hand , were happier with their choice if they had n't mulled them over .
At least when making some complicated decisions , such as choosing a car or house , the results suggest that we would actually do better to go with our gut .
The big picture
Researchers do not know exactly why this unconscious deliberation should be so successful .
But it is well accepted that our conscious brain can only process a limited amount of information at one time .
This could mean that we simply lose the big picture with complex decisions .
Dijksterhuis and his team also propose that , although we are unaware of it , our brains are churning through the mass of information involved in a complex decision and sifting out the best option .
The study ties in with a growing trend in psychology research over the past 15 years , suggesting that our unconscious mind is more important than we once thought .
" A lot of complicated processes occur without our being aware of it , " says Daniel Kahneman , an authority on decision making at Princeton University , New Jersey .
Snap decisions
The results might help to explain why experts , such as doctors or firemen , can sometimes make seemingly intuitive snap decisions that turn out to be correct .
These people have a wealth of knowledge , but they do n't need to consciously work through it to make an accurate judgement .
ADVERTISEMENT
But the theory does n't mean that going purely on impulse is a good idea : you still need some information to mull over before making your decision .
Particularly when making potentially life - changing judgments such as whom to marry or which career to choose , experts say , study and deliberation are vital to reveal all the options open to us .
" I would not advise people to buy a car or house without making a list , " Kahneman says .
" You will probably improve your intuitions by making a list and then sleeping on it . "
Post a comment to this story by visiting our youshouldgowithyourgu.html " > newsblog .
MOVING THROUGH MATTER
WITH BUCKAROO BANZAI
by Dr. Cary I. Sneider , U.C. Berkeley , 1984
When scientific methods and theories are imaginatively , yet plausibly portrayed in a science fiction film , the result is not only entertaining for the audience , but can be equally stimulating for the scientist .
This is the case with " The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai , " a science fiction film scheduled for release this August .
In a key scene from the film , Buckaroo pilots a jet car which spews a twenty - foot sheet of flame in its wake .
Accelerating to 700 miles per hour , he heads straight for the face of a mountain .
Just before impact , he switches on the " Oscillation Overthruster " and passes through matter into the eighth dimension .
This gripping scene from Earl Mac Rauch 's screenplay may seem like just another science fiction adventure .
But there is something unusual about this film that speaks to the scientist in me and to my curiosity about space , time , and matter .
It also struck a responsive chord in a colleague of mine , Dr. Joseph Bisognano , who is a particle physicist with a specialty in designing accelerators .
Many of the following ideas about the science in " Buckaroo Banzai " grew out of a long discussion we recently had together .
What Joe and I like most about the film is that it presents flights of fantasy that are grounded in scientific principles , and does not follow the common practice of portraying a great scientific breakthrough as a lucky accident in the lab .
The machine which finally enables Buckaroo Banzai to move through matter is based on decades of research that are shown to the audience through home movies and flashbacks .
It is very easy , almost seductive , for science fiction screenwriters to coin a term for a marvelous new process , and wrap it in a black box with lots of tubes , dials and meters .
But calling something a " gizmo " does n't begin to help the audience understand science .
As incredible as an Oscillation Overthruster may seem to be , it 's not just another gizmo ; it 's a colliding beam particle accelerator that fires intermediate vector bosons .
This is not just gibberish that audiences come across in most science fiction films , but an important concept introduced by Buckaroo Banzai .
Banzai has hit upon the notion that such a machine may exploit the fact that matter is almost entirely empty space , and that if he could somehow change the forces that hold matter together , it would be possible to move through it .
Not only does Buckaroo Banzai help people understand principles of matter , he adds new dimensions to the general public 's understanding of space and time .
Because when Buckaroo Banzai goes through matter , he does n't just get to the other side -- he winds up in the eighth dimension !
As we 'll see , even this idea has some basis in scientific theories dealing with the geometry of space .
The line of investigation which led to the Oscillation Overthruster began with an experiment in 1938 that was conducted by Buckaroo 's father , Masado Banzai , and two colleagues : Emilio Lazardo and Toichi Hikita .
The late 1930s was , in fact , an exciting period for physicists .
Particle accelerators were beginning to bloom with the invention of the cyclotron by Ernest 0 .
Lawrence , and physicists such as Hideki Yukawa ( who could have been a colleague of Toichi Hikita , senior scientist in the film ) were developing quantum field theory to describe the nature of matter and the forces that bind it together .
Unlike Tom Swift , who could throw together one major invention a night , Buckaroo Banzai 's struggle to find a path through matter was based on decades of research and experimentation that coincided with actual developments in science .
The idea of moving matter through matter is not , of course , a new one for science fiction films .
The trick was also accomplished by the star of " The 4 - D Man , " who failed to provide a reasonable rationale for the process he used to move through matter .
In contrast , Buckaroo demystifies this intriguing concept with a simple , accurate description of the structure of matter that could have come out of the mouth of Mr. Wizard :
BUCKAROO : See this glass .
It 's solid matter , right ?
But in point of fact , the solid parts of this glass -- the protons , quarks , your neutrons and electrons - they comprise only one quadrillionth of its total volume .
Buckaroo is right in saying that subatomic particles take up only one quadrillionth of an atom 's total volume , like a bee in the middle of St. Peter 's Cathedral .
But we can't just pass our hands through glasses or other solid matter .
What fills up the empty space within the atoms ?
We all learned in school that atoms hold themselves together because protons in the center ( nucleus ) have a positive electric charge which attracts the negatively charged electrons which fly around the outside of the atom .
This force , which acts between the electrons and protons is called the " electromagnetic force . "
You can feel the electromagnetic force when you use a magnet , or when you slap your hand against a wall .
But you may not have asked yourself how the electrons and protons " feel " each other across the empty space that separates them .
According to quantum field theory , as initially developed by Yukawa and many others in the 1930s ( when Buckaroo 's father first began his experiments ) , the forces between particles are created by exchanges of other particles .
The electromagnetic force is carried by the exchange of particles called " virtual photons . "
In other words , the empty space between the electrons and protons in normal material is full of virtual photons .
Furthermore , if virtual photons fail to travel all the way between electrons and the nucleus , atoms would no longer be prevented from passing through each other .
The basic premise of the Overthruster seems perfectly reasonable if we could just find a way to do this .
How could we shorten the distance that virtual photons travel within the atom ?
Since virtual photons have no mass , they are able to travel the full distance between electrons and protons .
What would happen if the virtual photons were given mass ?
If virtual photons had mass , they would be restricted to a very small region around the elementary particles that make up the atoms .
This would reduce the ability of these particles to " see " each other , in effect creating truly empty space within and between atoms .
The passage would be clear for Buckaroo Banzai and his jet car to pass through matter .
How does the Oscillation Overthruster increase the mass of virtual photons inside matter ?
Let 's take another look at the script for a clue .
PROFESSOR HIKITA : Let me ask you to imagine the Oscillation Over - thruster as a sophisticated rifle accelerator .
RENO : Firing a steady stream of intermediate vector bosons at a target -- in this case a mountain .
It was no mistake that " intermediate vector bosons " were selected by the writers .
Recently , Weinberg , Glashow and Salam developed a theory of the " electroweak " force which is carried by four kinds of particles : three kinds of intermediate vector bosons ( the W+ , W- and Zo ) and virtual photons .
These particles are , in some sense , alike .
In fact , all four start out with no mass .
By the poorly understood mechanism of " spontaneous symmetry breaking " the intermediate vector bosons take on mass , and become carriers of very short range ( weak ) forces .
In fact , the range of the weak force is so short that a neutrino , which only interacts weakly , can pass through the entire earth without interacting with a single atom .
" Spontaneous symmetry breaking " is a stopgap measure , a particle theorist 's trick which someday will be replaced by a more fundamental notion .
Because this aspect of the theory is still developing , it is not unreasonable to speculate that a high energy beam of intermediate vector bosons , directed at solid matter , might impart mass to the virtual photons that keep its atoms from passinq through each other .
In the words of Professor Hikita in the film :
" The oscillation overthruster is a rather small colliding beam accelerator , if you will , a crude ' contraption ' whose purpose was simply to enhance the electroweak forces that pertain between subatomic particles , thus making those forces the most powerful events occurring within a molecule . " ( from Buckaroo Banzai : A Few Facts and Some Persistent Rumors by the film 's director , W.D. " Rick " Richter ) .
Hikita 's statement uses the term " electroweak , " which is of fairly recent vintage .
While this is not an anachronism since it comes from a recent interview with the Professor , we wonder about the 1938 experiment .
How could it have been anticipated that the electromagnetic and weak forces would someday be united ?
For the principle of the Overthruster to be conceived , that was not necessary .
In the 1930s physicists were already developing quantum field theory , and it would have been apparent to a physicist such as Hikita that if the photon could be given mass , it might allow one to pass through matter .
The failure of the early experiments might even be traced to the selection of an inefficient beam particle , since the intermediate vector boson was not yet suspected .
As the Professor explains , the Overthruster is a device " which systematically reorders matter by annihilating electrons and positrons . "
It consists of two colliding beams , one of electrons , and one of positrons , which annihilate each other when they collide .
Each annihilation produces a burst of particles , including intermediate vector bosons .
These are separated and focused into a beam by powerful magnets .
Consistent with Professor Hikita 's statement , the antiparticle of the electron , the positron , was discovered in 1932 .
But the Overthruster is tiny .
Buckaroo Banzai's ability to miniaturize sophisticated equipment has vastly improved on methods used by today 's scientists to produce intermediate vector bosons .
In contrast , the colliding accelerator at CERN in Switzerland , which produces a scant quantity of intermediate vector bosons , is many kilometers in circumference .
Damn the orders of magnitude , and full steam ahead !
Buckaroo Banzai's
Overthruster makes up for what it lacks in size with superconducting magnets and laser acceleration .
Both of these concepts are at least rooted in today 's research and development programs for particle accelerators .
Now that we 've covered the theoretical bases , let 's take Buckaroo 's invention for a spin and see how it works .
First , the Overthruster produces colliding beams of electrons and positrons .
These , in turn , produce copious quantities of intermediate vector bosons which are separated and focused with superconducting magnets .
When focused on solid matter , the beam produces a small region of high energy density .
Inside the target , spontaneous symmetry breaking imparts mass to the photons , reducing the range of the electromagnetic force to far less than a quadrillionth of . a centimeter .
From this small region a shock wave of broken symmetry propagates outward .
Behind the shock wave matter interacts only weakly , providing for Buckaroo and his jet car to move through matter .
The car must travel very fast ( at least 700 miles per hour ) to allow free passage before the material reverts to its normal state .
If you can imagine this journey through matter in Buckaroo 's jet car , you 're almost there .
But where is " there ? "
Buckaroo's destination is not the fourth or even the fifth , but the eighth dimension !
Where in hell is the eighth dimension ?
The world of our everyday existence is known as " Minkowski spacetime . "
It has four dimensions , three spatial dimensions and a time dimension .
When we deal with very large objects , it is essential to take into account the curvature of space which plays an important role in Einstein 's special theory of relativity .
At the human scale space does n't look curved , but astronomers , who work at the galactic and supergalactic scale , must take the curvature of space into account .
In 1921 , Theodore Kaluza , and later Oskar Klein , speculated that there may be mini-dimensions to space that we do not perceive .
Here we are working in the realm of the very small , so we need to consider the geometry of space at a scale that is even smaller than the nucleus of an atom .
Dimensions are usually diagrammed as infinitesimally thin , mutually perpendicular lines .
In the Kaluza - Klein theory , these lines become cylinders with a radius much less than that of an atomic nucleus .
In other words , each dimension of spacetime is in fact two - dimensional : a cylinder of finite radius but infinite length .
There would then be a total of eight dimensions , in which the eighth dimension is the sister dimension of everyday time , but at the subnuclear level .
Why can't we perceive all eight dimensions like Buckaroo Banzai ?
Because when we move along a mini-dimension , we are moving around the perimeter of the cylinder , which instantaneously leads us back to where we started .
In other words , we move through eight dimensions all the time , but we just do n't know we 've made the trip because it was so short !
Therefore , we do n't have time to perceive it .
When Buckaroo is moving through the mountain , he is permeated with an electromagnetic force that is acting at an extremely small , subnuclear range .
With a little effort , we can imagine that would allow Buckaroo Banzai to experience these four additional mini-dimensions which are hypothesized to exist at the same subnuclear scale .
When Buckaroo Banzai travels through matter he discovers a parallel world in the eighth dimension that is inhabited by bizarre creatures called Lectroids .
The world of the Lectroids opens new vistas to stimulate filmgoers ' interests .
Take , for example , the evolution of Lectroids and their organically grown spaceships on the tenth planet of the solar system , or their passion for electrical discharges .
( The Lectroids passion for electrical discharges leads some of them to plug themselves into 110 volt A.C. outlets .
Obviously , this is something that no human should ever attempt . )
An attribute of good science fiction , I think , is a core of ideas that invite the reader to entertain possibilities beyond those expressed in the film .
One wonders , for instance , if the plane of existence discovered by Buckaroo Banzai is the only one besides our own ?
Scientists have already hypothesized worlds with more than eight dimensions .
Bruce DeWitt ( Scientific American , December 1983 , p. 129 ) comments : " In the ' super ' Kaluza - Klein model that is currently most popular , seven extra dimensions are added to spacetime .
These dimensions have the topology of a 7 - sphere , a space which has some fascinating properties of its own . "
This theory offers interesting possibilities for Buckaroo 's sequel writers .
As outlandish and entertaining as it is on one level , " Buckaroo Banzai " creates a place for the process and content of science in the science fiction film .
Not only does this film challenge our imagination as moviegoers , it challenges other filmmakers to throw away their sorcery , and base their fantasies on a reasonable portrayal of the way that scientists actually work .
The most important contribution of " Buckaroo Banzai " is to demonstrate that there is a very important role for imaginative science to play in imaginative science fiction .
Dr. Sneider graduated cum laude from Harvard with a degree in astronomy , and a masters and Ph.D. in Science Education from the U. of California , Berkeley .
He is a science consultant for 20th Century Fox ; is Associate Director of Astronomy and Physics Education at the Lawrence Hall of Science , U. of California , Berkeley ; has published in the areas of curriculum development and educational research ; has contributed to science journals and magazines ; and has been involved in programs that teach science to the public through the medium of science fiction films .
Nobel Laureate F. Sherwood Rowland researches atmospheric chemistry at the University of California , Irvine .
Credit : Photo by Carlos Puma
Scientists at UC
Irvine have determined that levels of atmospheric methane -- an influential greenhouse gas -- have stayed nearly flat for the past seven years , which follows a rise that spanned at least two decades .
This finding indicates that methane may no longer be as large a global warming threat as previously thought , and it provides evidence that methane levels can be controlled .
Scientists also found that pulses of increased methane were paralleled by increases of ethane , a gas known to be emitted during fires .
This is further indication that methane is formed during biomass burning , and that large - scale fires can be a big source of atmospheric methane .
Professors F. Sherwood Rowland and Donald R. Blake , along with researchers Isobel J. Simpson and Simone Meinardi , believe one reason for the slowdown in methane concentration growth may be leak - preventing repairs made to oil and gas lines and storage facilities , which can release methane into the atmosphere .
Other reasons may include a slower growth or decrease in methane emissions from coal mining , rice paddies and natural gas production .
" If one really tightens emissions , the amount of methane in the atmosphere 10 years from now could be less than it is today .
We will gain some ground on global warming if methane is not as large a contributor in the future as it has been in the past century , " said Rowland , Donald Bren Research Professor of Chemistry and Earth System Science , and co-recipient of the 1995 Nobel Prize for discovering that chlorofluorocarbons in products such as aerosol sprays and coolants were damaging the Earth 's protective ozone layer .
The methane research will be published in the Nov. 23 online edition of Geophysical Research Letters .
Methane , the major ingredient in natural gas , warms the atmosphere through the greenhouse effect and helps form ozone , an ingredient in smog .
Since the Industrial Revolution in the late 1700s , atmospheric methane has more than doubled .
About two - thirds of methane emissions can be traced to human activities such as fossil - fuel extraction , rice paddies , landfills and cattle .
Methane also is produced by termites and wetlands .
Scientists in the Rowland - Blake lab use canisters to collect sea -level air in locations from northern Alaska to southern New Zealand .
Then , they measure the amount of methane in each canister and calculate a global average .
From December 1998 to December 2005 , the samples showed a near - zero growth of methane , ranging from a 0.2 percent decrease per year to a 0.3 percent gain .
From 1978 to 1987 , the amount of methane in the global troposphere increased by 11 percent -- a more than 1 percent increase each year .
In the late 1980s , the growth rate slowed to between 0.3 percent and 0.6 percent per year .
It continued to decline into the 1990s , but with a few sharp upward fluctuations , which scientists have linked to non-cyclical events such as the eruption of Mt. Pinatubo in 1991 and the Indonesian and boreal wildfires in 1997 and 1998 .
Along with methane , the UCI scientists also measured levels of other gases , including ethane , a by - product of petroleum refining that also is formed during biomass burning , and perchloroethylene , a chlorinated solvent often used in the dry cleaning process .
Ethane levels followed the peaks and valleys of methane over time , but perchloroethylene had a different pattern .
This finding provides evidence that biomass burning on occasion , as in Indonesia in 1997 and Russia in 1998 , can be a large source of atmospheric methane .
The researchers say there is no reason to believe that methane levels will remain stable in the future , but the fact that leveling off is occurring now indicates that society can do something about global warming .
Methane has an atmospheric lifetime of about eight years .
Carbon dioxide -- the main greenhouse gas that is produced by burning fossil fuels for power generation and transportation -- can last a century and has been accumulating steadily in the atmosphere .
" If carbon dioxide levels were the same today as they were in 2000 , the global warming discussion would leave the front page .
But to stabilize this greenhouse gas , we would have to cut way back on emissions , " Rowland said .
" Methane is not as significant a greenhouse gas as carbon dioxide , but its effects are important .
The world needs to work hard to reduce emissions of all greenhouse gases . "
Source : University of California - Irvine
Explore further Understanding oxygen - reducing enzymes
Apple 's Secret Ingredient
Apple 's Secret Ingredient
Posted Sep 2 , 2006 — 48 comments below Posted Sep 2 , 2006 — 48 comments below
If you look at what Apple 's done over the last few years , there 's an almost absurd amount of fresh thinking and major leaps forward .
At some points along the timeline , things just seem to magically click together at the right places .
I 'm not the only one who 's spent some time thinking about how you orchestrate this sort of thing , but every time I tried to reduce it to some formula or strategy , it would just fall apart .
There was some major conceptual leap missing .
Theresome concrete elements .
Apple 's good at starting with something simple and gradually building on that base to create something great .
You can see that in the hardware , the OS , the apps , the frameworks , even the retail stores .
This is n't the whole story , though .
If anything , these are just shadows of some more fundamental idea .
Then , by accident , I had a moment of clarity .
I was listening to Steve Jobs 's commencement speech at Stanford from last year .
In the speech , he describes three events from his life : dropping out of college , being fired from Apple , and facing death .
The message in each of these is tune into your intuition , tune out all the noise from everyone else , and trust thatis pulling you in the right direction .
It 's not an entirely new idea , but it 's put very bluntly .
Apple 's biggest successes in the last few years were n't sure things at the start .
They were not the first in town to do a music app or a portable music player .
When Apple 's music products did show up , they were Mac - only for a while .
Mac OS
X was so radically different than Mac OS 9 that some thought the whole project was nuts .
I mean , who tries to base a consumer computer on Unix ?
Taking on Avid directly with Final Cut Pro? Switching to Intel ?
Opening a chain of retail stores ?
These guys are insane !
Somehow , though , all of this paid off .
So what 's the secret ?
Why is Apple zooming along at full speed when others are stuck in the parking lot ?
I think the key is , simply , fearlessness .
Over and over again , they choose something that feels right and they pursue until it either succeeds or is no longer interesting .
It 's intuition .
I do n't think Apple had any idea if selling TV shows on iTunes was going to work , but they did n't seem to worry too much about it .
They released a video - capable iPod , some video content , and let things come together .
Fearlessness is what has allowed Apple to shipmajor versions of Mac OS X since 2001 , countless major versions of desktop apps , and engineer a complete revolution in the music industry .
The iMac had no floppy drive , no ADB , no serial port .
If Apple had caved to concerns of what people would think , we might still be using all of these things .
For that matter , if Apple gave up entirely ten years ago , most of us would probably be using Windows .
Remember when the industry consensus was that the desktop computer 's death was imminent , and was going to be replaced by a series of specialized devices ?
Instead of being reactive , Apple responded with iLife , which put the computer at theof all of these devices .
Watching a WWDC feedback session can be pretty interesting case study of all of this .
Audience members stand up and talk about what they think is right or wrong about the Mac ( usually , what they think is wrong ) .
The Apple employees often answer with " thanks for the feedback , " or " it 's fixed but not in the version you have , " but occasionally , they 'll actually stand there tell you why they think the approach they decided on is right .
Even if you disagree with it , you often have to respect the fact that somebody sat down to try to make things better , even if it meant defending the idea to critics .
Fearlessness allows you set aside all ideas of what peoplethink and focus on what feels right instinctively .
Without that sort of conviction , there would n't be Mac OS X , the iPod , or even the Mac .
Google is one of the few other large companies that really gets this .
They have different priorities and techniques , but they have the same spirit as Apple .
People drive themselves crazy trying to figure out why Google does the various things it does .
While I 'm sure the folks at Google have a fundamental idea of what the company should be , I do n't think they always have a precise , calculated reason for each step they take .
It just seems right , so they take a chance .
All of this comes easily to small companies because there 's just not much to lose .
It 's harder to keep that culture in big organizations , where itlike there is something to lose .
Maybe that 's the real trap .
Apple and Google seem to get it .
Andis why the other big guys so nervous .
Resveratrol : That Was the Week That Was
by Bill Sardi by Bill Sardi
DIGG THIS
Beginning November 1 nearly 500 newspapers reported on the resveratrol story , and virtually every major TV news department followed .
The news media heralded a study which showed that high - dose resveratrol , known as a red wine molecule , maintained the quality of life of laboratory mice ( balance and coordination ) as they aged , despite a high - fat diet , and the high - fat fed mice lived 31 % longer when given resveratrol .
The dietary supplement industry responded to the news reports in characteristic fashion .
An interview in a major newspaper with an executive for one supplement declared the subsequent rush for resveratrol supplements to be a fad that would soon disappear .
Great , an industry exec was dissing his own industry — so much for dietary supplements as an answer to the diabesity epidemic now underway .
After Charlie Rose interviewed David Sinclair , PhD , a Harvard professor , on TV , about the promise of resveratrol pills , supplement manufacturers began scheming for business .
One company paid for the top spot in online Google ads using the search word " resveratrol " to attract prospective customers to their website , then offered " grape extract with resveratrol " for a product that the manufacturer admitted was not standardized for resveratrol and in fact may provide very little if any resveratrol at all .
Other companies swiped trademarks from other companies .
Another company made claims their resveratrol product had higher antioxidant potency than other brands , when it was n’t the antioxidant power that produced the health benefits .
Say anything to get the business .
Most health food stores had only a small supply of resveratrol pills on hand , not enough to meet the demand .
In health food stores today , any old resveratrol pill will do as long as it says " resveratrol " on the label .
Some of these products provide less resveratrol per pill than found in a glass of wine ( less than 1 milligram ) .
Despite efforts by this writer two years ago to warn the dietary supplement industry that resveratrol is an unusual molecule that is subject to decay from exposure to light , oxygen or heat , and it may be altered or degraded during manufacture , and that the actual amount of resveratrol in conventionally - made supplements is often less than half the labeled amount , a fact which could embarrass the industry , supplement companies have paid little attention to the problem .
It ’s business as usual .
Resveratrol safety questioned
Then the anti-dietary supplement news media began swaying consumers towards wine because , as some authorities claimed , there is an uncertainty over the safety of resveratrol supplements .
Forget that resveratrol pills have been sold for the past 5 years with no major side effects noted .
Forget that animal studies show the equivalent of 21,000 milligrams in humans would not be toxic .
Forget that the EPA deems resveratrol to be non -toxic .
Forget that three human clinical trials using up to 500 milligrams of resveratrol have passed the safety arm of their study .
Forget that the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences has conducted a toxicity review of resveratrol .
Forget the wine pills have no alcohol or calories in them whatsoever .
Resveratrol pills now had a cloud placed over them .
For the record , resveratrol pills are far safer than any alcoholic beverage and even safer than aspirin .
When an alternative to an alcoholic beverage was available , a fact which should have been heralded , modern medicine and the news media , in a phobic aversion to dietary supplements , advised the public to get drunk on wine .
Yep , you ’d need to drink quite a few bottles of wine daily to get the same effect as the mice did in the recent study .
So 90 percent of the news reports said , until proven otherwise , wine was safer than the pills .
Then , in a convoluted way , reporters then said it would take too much wine to produce the same health benefits as shown in the recent study and consumers would have to drink far beyond the point of inebriation .
Reporters drove this story into the ground until one wondered why they were reporting it .
What dosage ?
The human equivalent dose for a 160 - pound adult would be about 1575 milligrams of resveratrol to produce the health benefits noted in the mouse study .
The reporters did n’t read the study carefully , published in Nature Magazine , which said a lower - dose ( ~364 milligrams for a 160 - pound adult ) produced similar benefits .
Furthermore , the mice were engorged with fat , 60 % of their daily calorie intake .
Americans once consumed about 45 % of daily calories from fat ( 1965 ) , but that number has dropped to about 34 % ( 2002 ) .
So a lower amount of resveratrol , maybe half as much ( ~180 mg ) would likely be effective .
To add to the confusion , Big Pharma paid off a university researcher to tell a Canadian newspaper reporter that resveratrol is not biologically available in oral doses , when the recent National Institutes on Aging / Harvard study had proven otherwise ( the mice consumed oral doses and benefited ) .
Can the public sort through the spin ?
One wonders how a great discovery like penicillin would be dealt with by reporters and doctors today .
Recall that penicillin never underwent a double - blind , placebo - controlled study to prove its safety and effectiveness .
It was first used successfully to cure an eye infection in a young boy .
Why today the National Institutes of Health would claim penicillin was unproven and in need of decades of safety studies before it could be commonly prescribed .
Drug companies would drive the price of penicillin to thousands of dollars per dose , declaring a shortage .
HMOs would ration penicillin , fearing bankruptcy , and would say it could only be used as a last resort .
News reporters would then call their family members and advise them to purchase drug company stocks while telling the public that penicillin is a " magic bullet . "
As future breakthroughs in healthcare are reported , doctors and the news media are going to spin the story endlessly to their own ends .
It ’s going to take an adept citizenry to recognize the recent red wine / resveratrol study was on par with Alexander Fleming ’s discovery of penicillin or Louis Pasteur ’s use of heat to destroy pathogenic bacteria ( Pasteurization ) .
Significance of resveratrol
Resveratrol will change the world for the better , but only if the public can see through the twisted interpretations by doctors and news reporters .
Resveratrol is a potent anti-bacterial , anti-viral , anti-fungal , anti-inflammatory , anti-cancer , anti-estrogen , anti-cholesterol , weight - controlling , blood pressure and blood sugar - normalizing agent .
The drug companies know what resveratrol portends — the end of their charade that different drugs are needed for each disease and that synthetic molecules work better than nature .
In the current pandemic , we are all compelled to be at home more than ever before .
We consider indoors to be safer than the outdoors and …
Online gambling has surged in popularity in recent years
The move comes in the shape of a new bill being introduced in the House of Representatives with support from both Republican and Democrat members .
The bill aims to extend existing laws that ban interstate telephone gambling .
It would , however , fall foul of a World Trade Organization ruling last August that the US must not block online gambling sites based overseas .
Caribbean complaint
The WTO made the ruling after backing a complaint made against the US by the Caribbean island of Antigua , which is home to a number of internet betting websites .
These internet gambling websites typically operate offshore and often serve as a prime vehicle for money - laundering and other criminal enterprises
Rep. Rick Boucher
Under the WTO ruling , the US was given until April of this year to bring its legislation into line or else face sanctions , such as fines or tariffs .
America could , however , choose to ignore the WTO ruling and accept the sanctions .
The proposed new law has only just been put forward , and if it were to pass through the House of Representatives , it could still be rejected by the Senate .
Prison sentences
Rep. Rick Boucher , a Democratic member for Virginia , is one of the main politicians backing the ban .
" These internet gambling websites typically operate offshore and often serve as a prime vehicle for money - laundering and other criminal enterprises , " he said .
The planned US legislation would specifically prohibit a gambling business from accepting credit cards , cheques , wire and internet transfers in illegal gambling transactions .
It would also set a maximum prison sentence of five years for violations .
Online gambling has surged in global popularity in recent years , leading a number of such firms to float on stock markets around the world .
Correction Appended
When protesters stormed a Columbia University stage on Wednesday evening , shutting down a speech by the head of a fiercely anti-immigration group , they not only stopped the program , but also hurtled the university back into the debate over free speech on campus .
The fracas , which came just weeks after the president of Iran was invited to speak at Columbia and then told not to come , was captured live by Columbia ’s student - run television station , CTV , as well as by two commercial stations .
It was shown repeatedly on television in New York yesterday and was widely available on the Internet .
Yesterday Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg chastised Columbia for the disruption .
“ I think it ’s an outrage that somebody that was invited to speak did n’t get a chance to speak , ” he said in response to a question on his weekly radio program .
“ Bollinger ’s just got to get his hands around this , ” Mr. Bloomberg added , referring to Columbia ’s president , Lee C. Bollinger .
“ There are too many incidents at the same school where people get censored , ” he said , using Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad as an example .
Smiling DeLay turns himself in for booking Rep. Tom DeLay in his Harris County Sheriff 's booking photo .
RELATED YOUR E-MAIL ALERTS
Texas Tom DeLay GOP Crime , Law and Justice or or Create Your Own ( CNN ) -- Rep .
Tom DeLay , the former House majority leader who faces conspiracy and money laundering charges , turned himself in Thursday in Houston , one day after an arrest warrant was issued for him .
DeLay walked into the bonding department of the Harris County Sheriff 's Office shortly after noon and was fingerprinted , photographed and released after posting $ 10,000 bond , sheriff 's spokeswoman Lisa Martinez said .
DeLay 's district office is in Sugar Land , a Houston suburb .
Outside the building , DeLay attorney Dick DeGuerin blasted prosecutor Ronnie Earle , accusing him of singling out the Texas Republican for political retribution and planning to use DeLay 's mug shot in Democratic mailings .
" He 's got what he wanted .
There 's no reason for this .
It was pure retaliation on the part of Ronnie Earle , " DeGuerin said , holding up DeLay 's mug shot .
" There he is .
Take a good look at him . "
He also said the defense team " will expose his prosecution for what he is . " ( Watch : Report on DeLay being booked -- 2:03 )
In his mug shot , a smiling DeLay is wearing a coat and tie .
The photograph does n't have numbers below his face like many mug shots because the county no longer uses such a system , Martinez said .
The booking happened a day after a state court issued an arrest warrant for him , ahead of his first scheduled court appearance Friday in Austin .
DeLay was indicted October 3 and an arrest warrant was issued Wednesday .
On September 28 , a grand jury indicted Delay and associates John Colyandro and Jim Ellis on a conspiracy charge on allegations they steered $ 190,000 in corporate donations to state legislative candidates in 2002 and disguised the source by sending the money through national Republican campaign committees .
Texas law prohibits corporate donations to political campaigns .
DeLay has accused Austin prosecutor Ronnie Earle , the Travis County district attorney , of launching a partisan vendetta against him .
He showed his frustration Wednesday , telling CNN , " We all know what this is about .
The quicker it 's over the better . "
There was no immediate official comment from the congressman 's lawyers .
But in a written statement , Earle 's office said , " We believe that Congressman DeLay should be treated like everyone else . "
Jeffrey Toobin , senior legal analyst for CNN , said he did n't see the issuance of the arrest warrant necessarily as a personal attack .
When a warrant is issued in Texas after an indictment , " it is usually , but not always , a formality , " Toobin told CNN 's Lou Dobbs .
However , in many white - collar cases , Toobin said , the defense attorney and the prosecutor work out a surrender time for the defendant without a warrant being issued .
" That 's kind of the civilized way to do it , " he said .
But there is nothing civil about the conflict between Earle and DeLay , " And this arrest warrant is further proof of that , " Toobin said .
In addition , said Toobin , the fingerprinting and mug shot also will be embarrassing .
DeLay already has subpoenaed Earle , claiming prosecutorial misconduct in the case , and a hearing will be held on the legitimacy of the prosecution .
Earle issued a subpoena last week for DeLay 's phone records .
Because of his felony indictment , House GOP rules required DeLay to step down as majority leader , the No. 2 position in the House hierarchy .
He was replaced by Rep. Roy Blunt , R- Missouri .
After DeLay 's defense raised questions about whether the conspiracy charge applied to the state election code back in 2002 , Earle went to a second grand jury to instead seek a money - laundering charge against the three .
That grand jury refused to indict DeLay .
But a third grand jury returned an indictment October 3 , charging DeLay , Colyandro and Ellis with money - laundering and conspiracy .
Before DeLay 's indictment on felony charges , according to DeLay 's attorney , Dick DeGuerin , his client turned down an offer from the Texas prosecutor to plead guilty to a misdemeanor , which would have allowed him to remain as House majority leader .
The offer was revealed Monday in a letter from DeGuerin to Earle among a new batch of motions filed in the case .
DeGuerin wrote that both Colyandro and Ellis have told prosecutors that DeLay " played no part in the transactions described in the indictment . "
In motions filed Monday , DeGuerin requested a speedy trial and asked that DeLay be tried separately from Colyandro and Ellis because they want to pursue appeals of issues in the case that would delay the proceedings .
DeGuerin also filed motions to quash both of the criminal charges against DeLay on a laundry list of legal grounds .
Among the arguments raised by DeLay 's defense was that the charges should have been brought in DeLay 's home county rather than in Travis County , which includes the state capital , Austin .
In his letter to Earle , DeGuerin charged that Earle " contrived " to bring the indictment in Travis County because the district attorney in Fort Bend County " would reject the case . "
Home Page
Get up - to - the minute news from CNN CNN.com gives you the latest stories and video from the around the world , with in - depth coverage of U.S. news , politics , entertainment , health , crime , tech and more .
Home Page
Get up - to - the minute news from CNN CNN.com gives you the latest stories and video from the around the world , with in - depth coverage of U.S. news , politics , entertainment , health , crime , tech and more .
I like this idea :
I had to sign a tedious business contract the other day .
They wanted my corporation number — fair enough — plus my Social Security number — well , if you insist — and also my driver ’s license number — hang on , what ’s the deal with that ?
Well , we e-mailed over a query and they e-mailed back that it was a requirement of the Patriot Act .
So we asked where exactly in the Patriot Act could this particular requirement be found and , after a bit of a delay , we got an answer .
And on discovering that there was no mention of driver ’s licenses in that particular subsection , I wrote back that we have a policy of reporting all erroneous invocations of the Patriot Act to the Department of Homeland Security on the grounds that such invocations weaken the rationale for the act , and thereby undermine public support for genuine anti-terrorism measures and thus constitute a threat to America ’s national security .
And about 10 minutes after that the guy sent back an e-mail saying he did n’t need the driver ’s license number after all .
I come from the world of corporate software development .
It may not be the most glamorous side of software ( it ’s nowhere near as interesting as shrinkwrap startups or those fancy - dancy Web 2.0 companies that show up in your browser every time you mistype a domain name ) , but it ’s stable , pays well , and has its own set of challenges that other types of software development know nothing about .
For example , when was the last time someone working on the next version of Halo spent three weeks trying to gather people from accounting , marketing , product management , and their call center in order to nail down requirements that would likely change in 2 months once they ’ve delivered the software ?
Or when was the last time someone at 37 Signals sat through back to back weeks of JAD sessions ?
In this world of corporate development I ’ve known a few phenomenal developers .
I ’m talking about those A+ people whom you would quit your job for to go start a company .
And the the more I looked at what makes them so good , the more I realized they all share a handful of personality traits .
Well , not exactly a handful , more like four .
Pessimistic
Admiral Jim Stockdale was the highest ranking US military officer imprisoned in Vietnam .
He was held in the “ Hanoi Hilton ” and repeatedly tortured over 8 years .
Stockdale told Jim Collins , author of Good to Great , “ You must never confuse faith that you will prevail in the end , which you can never afford to lose , with the discipline to confront the most brutal facts of your current reality , whatever they might be . ”
After his release , Stockdale became the first three - star officer in the history of the navy to wear both aviator wings and the Congressional Medal of Honor .
Stockdale was a pessimist in the short - term because he faced the brutal facts of his reality , but was an optimist in the long - term because of his confidence that he would prevail in the end .
No one anticipates a catastrophic system failure by looking on the bright side .
The best developers I know are experts at finding points of failure .
You ’ll often hear them quipping “ What could possibly go wrong ? ” after someone makes a suggestion to handle a critical data transfer via nightly FTP over a dial - up connection .
The best developers anticipate headaches that other developers never think of , and do everything within their power to avoid them .
On the flip side , great developers are optimistic , even downright confident , about their overall success .
They know that by being a pessimist in the short - term , their long - term success is ensured .
Just like Jim Stockdale , they realize that by confronting the brutal facts of their current reality they will prevail in the end .
Angered By Sloppy Code
Paul Graham nailed it when he said “ … people who are great at something are not so much convinced of their own greatness as mystified at why everyone else seems so incompetent . ”
The worst nightmare for a great developer is to see someone else ’s software gasping for air while bringing the rest of the system to its knees .
It ’s downright infuriating .
And this is n’t limited to code ; it can be bad installation packages , sloppy deployments , or a misspelled column name .
Due to the life and death nature of their products , NASA designs zero - defect software systems using a process that has nearly eliminated the possibility for human error .
They ’ve added layer after layer of checks and balances that have resulted from years of finding mistakes and figuring out the best way to eliminate them .
NASA is the poster child for discovering the source of a mistake and modifying their process to eliminate the possibility of that mistake ever happening again .
And it works .
A quote from this Fast Company article on NASA ’s development process says
“ What makes it remarkable is how well the software works .
This software never crashes .
It never needs to be re-booted .
This software is bug - free .
It is perfect , as perfect as human beings have achieved .
Consider these stats : the last three versions of the program — each 420,000 lines long - had just one error each .
The last 11 versions of this software had a total of 17 errors .
Commercial programs of equivalent complexity would have 5,000 errors . ”
I ’m not saying we have to develop to this standard , but NASA knows how to find and fix bugs , and the way they do it is to find the source of every problem .
Someone who fixes a problem but does n’t take the time to find out what caused it is doomed to never become an expert in their field .
Experience is not years on the job , it ’s learning to recognize a problem before it occurs , which can only be done by knowing what causes it in the first place .
Developers who do n’t take the time to find the source often create sloppy solutions .
For hundreds of examples of sloppy solutions visit The Daily WTF .
Here are a few I ’ve seen in my career :
An assembly is deleted from a server each time it ’s rebooted .
You could create a custom script to re-copy that assembly to the server after each reboot , or find out why the assembly is being deleted in the first place .
An image - manipulation script is hogging processor power for minutes at a time when it should run in under 10 seconds .
You could make the script run at 2 am when no one will notice , or you can take the time to step through the code and figure out where the real problem is .
A shared XML file is being locked by a process , causing other processes to fail when they try to open it .
You could make several copies of the XML file so each process has its own , or you could troubleshoot the file access code to find out why it ’s locking the file .
And on and on …
Long Term Life Planners
This one was a little puzzling for the longest time , but I think I ’ve finally put it together .
People who think many years down the road in their personal life have the gift to think down the road during development .
Being able to see the impacts of present - day decisions is paramount to building great software .
The best developers I know have stable family lives , save for retirement , own their own home , and eat an apple a day ( ok , maybe not that last one ) .
People who have spastic home - lives and live paycheck to paycheck can certainly be good developers , but what they lack in life they tend to lack in the office : the ability to be disciplined , and to develop and adhere to a long - term plan .
Attention to Detail
I ’ve known smart developers who do n’t pay attention to detail .
The result is misspelled database columns , uncommented code , projects that are n’t checked into source control , software that ’s not unit tested , unimplemented features , and so on .
All of these can be easily dealt with if you ’re building a Google mash - up or a five page website .
But in corporate development each of these screw - ups is a death knell .
So I ’ll say it very loud , but I promise I ’ll only say it once :
I have never , ever , ever seen a great software developer who does not have amazing attention to detail .
I worked with a programmer back in school who forced anyone working with him to indent using two spaces instead of tabs .
If you gave him code that did n’t use two spaces he would go through it line - by - line and replace your tabs with his spaces .
While the value of tabs is not even a question , ( I ’ve long - chided him for this anal behavior ) his attention to such a small detail has served him well in his many years designing chips at Intel .
So There You Have It
The next time you ’re interviewing a potential developer , determine if she has the four personality traits I ’ve listed above .
Here are a few methods I ’ve found useful :
Ask if they ’re an optimist or a pessimist
Ask about a time when they found the source of a problem
Find out if they save for retirement ( you can work this in during discussions of your company ’s retirement plan )
Make an obvious misspelling in a short code sample and ask if they see anything wrong
We know from Facts and Fallacies of Software Engineering that the best programmers are up to 28 times better than the worst programmers , making them the best bargains in software .
Take these four traits and go find a bargain ( or better yet , make yourself into one ) .
If you liked this article you ’ll also like my article Timeline and Risk : How to Piss off Your Software Developers .
Special thanks to Mike Taber for reading drafts of this article .
By Richard Black
BBC News website environment correspondent
Public distrust of GM crops is partly over fears of antibiotic resistance
Most GM plants contain a gene for antibiotic resistance , but there are fears this could transfer to bacteria , making them immune to common drugs .
Researchers from Tennessee say their new method carries no such risk .
Environmental groups say the work does not make the approval of new GM crops any more likely .
Genetically modifying plants usually has a rather low success rate - and researchers need to be able to select plants which have successfully taken up the introduced gene from those that have not .
Traditionally , this has been done by giving , alongside the desired gene , a gene which makes the plants resistant to an antibiotic .
EASING REGULATION ?
This could do something to mitigate the regulation and public perception hurdles .
Professor Neal Stewart
But the genes used have traditionally come from bacteria - and this has led to concerns that they could find their way back into bacteria , making them resistant to antibiotics used by doctors to treat human disease .
" If you go back to the years 2000 to 2002 , around 60 - 70 % of all GM plants reported in the scientific literature were made using markers which make them resistant to the antibiotic kanamycin , " Professor Neal Stewart told the BBC News website .
QUICK GUIDE
GM Food
They use instead a gene which comes from a plant , Arabidopsis thaliana , perhaps the most widely investigated plant in science ; and they have inserted it into tobacco .
The gene increases production of a protein called an ATP binding cassette ( ABC ) , and - by a mechanism which is not fully understood - makes the plants kanamycin - resistant .
" I would like to see a science - based approach to the regulation of GM crops , " said Professor Stewart , " and this could do something to mitigate the regulation and public perception hurdles .
" We have been trying to simulate what would happen if this gene was transferred to microbes ; and we can show that if this ABC gene is inserted into E. coli , for example , it does not make them kanamycin - resistant . "
Industry enthusiasm
The Agricultural Biotechnology Council , the lobby group for GM crop companies in Britain , described the work as " an interesting development " .
" But , " argued the council 's deputy chairman Tony Combes , " it should be noted that existing marker systems that have helped scientists in their research have a proven safety record .
" The so - called ' horizontal transfer ' of these genes presents a very small risk . "
Dr Huw Jones , research group leader at Rothamsted Research , one of the leading UK institutions in the field of GM crops , agreed .
" This discovery represents a significant advance because it avoids the need for cross - kingdom gene transfer , " he said , noting that many other scientists are working towards the total removal of selection markers .
The reaction from environmental groups was less enthusiastic .
" Products on the market now may well have antibiotic - resistant marker genes in them , " Clare Oxborrow , GM campaigner with Friends of the Earth , told the BBC News website , " so this wo n't have any importance when it comes to the approval process .
" Also , the researchers point out that they are n't clear on the function of the inserted gene ; so although it does carry this potential benefit , they do n't know what else it might do to the plant , and there does n't seem to have been any serious investigation of the type which would be required by food safety assessment authorities . "
The Tennessee team is now working with food crops as well as tobacco , and to extend its studies on gene transfer .
How To Pick A Programming Language
Tim Daneliuk ( tundra@tundraware.com )
( Originally posted on comp.lang.python , 1 May , 2002 ) Copyright © 2002 TundraWare Inc. Permission to freely reproduce this material is hereby granted under the following conditions :
1 ) The material must be reproduced in its entirely without modification , editing , condensing , or any change .
2 ) No fee may be charged for the dissemination of this material .
Commercial use such as publishing this material in a book or anthology is expressly forbidden .
3 ) Full attribution of the author and source of this material must be included in the reproduction .
This was written in response to one of the inevitable " Why programming language is better , x or y ? " questions that pops up with great regularity on USENET .
I thought I 'd take a stab at answering it for all time ...
Let L be the set of all programming languages ever conceived past , present , and future .
The meta-question , M , thus becomes :
Among all members of L , which is the " best " and thus , which should I learn and use ?
A variant of M , let 's call it M ' , is :
Is L( x ) " better " than L(y ) ?
Let P be the purpose for which you wish to learn a " best " language .
Let A be the answer to M or M ' with condition P as a constraint .
A is thus the following set :
1 ) P = " I am interested in the design of languages and / or language theory . "
Learn as many members of L as time permits .
Do not pollute L with your own ideas until you really understand what you are doing and what has already been done .
Then do so only if you are convinced you can materially add to the state - of - the - art with original and useful work .
The world does not need another language just so you can prove that you understand LR ( 1 ) grammars .
Implement a subset of at least one existing language yourself to see just how hard this is to do well .
2 ) P = " My current language is too slow / big in its appointed task . "
Most of the time , these problems have a lot more to do with poor programming and algorithm / data structure design than they do the language .
Really get under the covers of your programming style and design approach before you abandon the language you currently know best .
Read Bentley 's " Programming Pearls . "
Learn to use a profiler .
Consider optimizations which merely replace the slow / big portions of the code with something written in a naturally faster / smaller language .
3 ) P = " I have a specialty problem domain which is not well addressed by a general purpose programming language . "
Research what has already been done .
You can often find close enough matches to your problem within other problem domains to get something useful done .
If there really is nothing useful out there , strongly consider using one of the extant scripting languages to build a " little language " of your own which addresses your problem area .
If all else fails , ignore 1 ) above , and invent your own language , but keep it as small and simple as possible , or you 'll spend less time on your chosen problem area and most of your time maintaining your new language .
4 ) P = " I need to become / stay employable . "
Survey common practice in your profession of choice and determine the most common operating systems , GUIs , and languages already in use and the probable evolution of these items in the next several ears .
Based on this information , you should select one procedural language , one object language , one scripting language , and , possibly , one assembly language which will comprise your core skill set .
In selecting these , also consider the availability of supporting tools like standard libraries , debuggers , language - sensitive editors , profilers , and so on .
If you have some choice of languages , always prefer those that share a common link format and have compatible inter-language calling APIs .
If it comes down to a tie , pick the older language because it will almost always have fewer bugs .
5 ) P = " I want to write ' portable ' code . "
Warning : Computer Science Heresey follows .
I 've already been burned at the stake in this matter , so put your matches away .
Code ' portability ' is overrated .
Way more important is the portability of your programming skills .
Languages come and go ( well , they never really go , do they ) , but a good programmer expresses themselves well in pretty much any language .
This comes with time , experience , reading other people 's very good code and doing it wrong over and over again .
The most portable language in the world can't help you if you do n't understand algorithms , data structures , object decomposition , and how to trade off between them .
Writing truly ' portable ' code has as much to do with your understanding of the underlying operating environments ( hardware , OS , network , I/O , and GUI ) as it does with the language in question .
There are , of course , cases where portability is very important .
For example , if you are writing commercial software which must run on lots of different platforms for your company to succeed .
In that case , first see if you can find cross - platform library support so you do n't have to do it all yourself .
6 ) P = " I want to make lots of money . "
Quit programming .
Become a rock star , actor , or corrupt politician .
The odds of getting rich in these fields , however slight , are probably better than in programming .
7 ) P = " I 've heard that OO is the way to do things , so I want the best OO language . "
OO is one way to crack a problem .
It is not the only way .
More importantly , it is often not a good way .
A solid OO language should be in your bag of tricks , but it 's not the only thing you will need .
8 ) P = " I 've heard that AI is the way to do things , so I want the best AI language . "
See 7 ) above .
9 ) P = " I want to produce code faster . "
Type faster .
It does n't matter what you type because if speed is your goal you 'll just become expert at writing buggy code , so why bother with syntax and semantics at all ?
Correct code is always produced by people who are thoughtful and deliberate about what they are doing .
Oh , and in the long run , they 're almost always faster getting things done too .
10 ) P = " I want the < gender / species > of choice to like me and be impressed enough to go out with me . "
See 6 ) above .
11 ) P = " The system I must use prescribes a vendor - defined language and tool set .
I want other choices . "
See if there are Open Source or alternative vendor choices for that platform .
If not , master the languages / tools on that platform then broaden your horizons as a matter of professional pride and employability .
See 4 ) above .
12 ) P = " I 'm very nerdy .
All I like to do is code on as many different platforms with as many different languages as I can .
My Resume ' is 14 pages long .
I have not been out of the house since 1982 .
Please help . "
Get a life .
Read some poetry , or better still , write some ( without using curly braces or semicolons ) .
Learn a musical instrument that does not require electricity in any form .
Get a low - tech hobby like gardening or sewing .
You are an Addict - I feel your pain .
As a recovery strategy , consider volunteering your skills to a cause that 's worth your time and effort and which requires you to interact with people who have absolutely no clue how a computer works .
Try not to be a jerk when the local minister does not grasp the elegance of your finely tuned LaTeX macro for generating the Sunday Bulletin .
Do something good for your body and your spirit .
I strongly recommend at least one high - activity sport ( channel surfing does not qualify ) and shooting semi-automatic handguns ( at paper targets in a legal manner ) as excellent mind - clearing tools .
Collect something other than computer manuals .
13 ) P = " I want to be famous . "
Rob a bank and get caught .
OR
Write a ton of really useful code and then give it away .
14 ) P = " I 'm bored , I need a new challenge . "
If you already know more than 5 languages , consider joining the Navy SEALs - they are very busy at the moment and are always looking for an Adventurer just like you .
If you are over 19 and this is therefore impractical , get married and raise children .
You will never be bored .
Tim Daneliuk
" Bach , Sig - Sauer , Gibson Guitars , Python , & My Table Saw Made Me What I Am Today . "
Meeting Finns
There is no ritual greeting .
Usually there is a short greeting " terve ! " , " huomenta " , " päivää " or " iltaa " ( " health ! " , good morning , day and evening respectively ) .
A ritual greeting produces unpredictable results : the Finn may interpret it as a start for a conversation .
If you want to start a conversation , then you can use the ritual greeting .
If you speak only English , use English , because if you do not speak Finnish and utter a Finnish greeting , Finns may assume that you speak Finnish .
When two people have met once in a morning or afternoon , they usually do not greet each other again , unless they wish a conversation .
Men usually shake hands with each other when they are introduced or meet in a formal occasion when they have not seen each other for a long time .
Men usually shake hands with women and women shake hands with one another .
Finns , especially men , frequently try to avoid using names personally .
If they have to , they use only the last name .
The first name is thought as personal and not used in a business context or in the workplace , unless the people know each other already .
Politeness is expressed by avoiding a direct reference to the addressee .
There is no Finnish equivalent of honorifics , like " mister " , " sir " , " miss " , " doctor " and so on .
Only in the army and in the parliament people address each other as " herra luutnantti " or " rouva ministeri " ( Lieutenant Sir and Minister Ms respectively ) .
The use of " nicknames " is common among Finns , but only in close circles .
A nickname is not the person 's real name but a name given to the person based on his real name or some in - joke , etc .
Finns may expect you to come up with a shortened form your name if they find it difficult to pronounce .
Being called by a nickname is not usually uncomplimentary .
Instead , it may indicate that you are viewed with respect and even affection .
Finns are usually reserved and straightforward when they are with one another .
Unless they are very close friends , " being quiet " is usually noticed and the discussion is ended .
Long silences are usually uncomfortable to Finns , if the discussion is not ended with mutual agreement .
Before any serious conversation , " making small talk " is not mandatory , and frequently Finns prefer to go straight to the point .
When Finns talk to one another they are usually not afraid to establish eye contact and keep a distance of 1,3 meters .
Only friends are admitted closer .
It is extremely uncomfortable for most Finns to talk with someone who stands " too close " to them and you will find them backing away from such a situation .
Physical contact , other than shaking hands , for most Finns connotes sexual attraction or aggressiveness and this is usually not done .
Visiting Finns
You may receive a verbal or written invitation from an Finn to visit his or her home .
You should always answer a written invitation .
Do not say that you will attend unless you plan to do so .
It is acceptable to ask your host about appropriate clothing .
It is important to arrive on time for special dinners and parties .
If you will be late , call your host to explain .
When you visit an Finn , especially for dinner , you will be asked what you would like to drink .
You do not need to drink an alcoholic beverage .
If you have any dietary restrictions you should tell the host at the time you accept the invitation .
It is not necessary to bring a gift , unless it is a special occasion - a birthday or an important holiday , like Christmas .
However , you may always politely ask your host if there is anything you can bring .
It is also nice to give a small gift , such as a bottle of wine from your country , if you are invited as a house guest for an extended visit .
When you are invited to someone 's home , you may always ask if there is anything you may do to help in preparing the meal or cleaning up afterwards .
Most Finns consider it polite for guests to leave one or two hours after dinner unless a special party has been planned or you are asked to stay longer .
You may call the person or say something when you see them again .
As a rule , you are expected to take your shoes off when entering another 's home .
Among university students there are often many parties .
These usually begin at night , often after 18.00 , and continue for several hours .
Some of these are informal and it is not as important to be on time or to dress formally .
Most students will wear jeans to these parties .
Usually the organisation that arranges the party collects the money needed and buys the food for the party .
The exception is alcohol , which is sold separately in an house party .
Finnish students like to drink beer and eat " munchies " - potato chips , grilled sausage , etc .
Some traditional student organisations arrange also highly formal parties , where the dresscode is posted in the invitation .
Gifts
As a rule , gifts are given only to relatives and close friends .
It is acceptable to give a gift to a host or hostess or to someone with whom you have a more casual or friendly relationship , but it is not strictly required to do so .
Gifts are not usually given to people in official positions ; such a gift may be misinterpreted as a way to gain favor or special treatment .
It is acceptable to give teachers a gift to show your appreciation , but it is better to do so after you have completed the course .
Finns usually give gifts to family and friends at Christmas , birthdays , weddings , graduations and child - births .
Gifts are also sometimes given to someone who has moved into a new house or is moving away .
Greeting cards may given to acquaintances who are not close friends .
Gifts are not expected to be very expensive .
More expensive gifts are acceptable between people who are close to one another .
We usually give something which the recipient needs , wants or would enjoy .
Finns may or may not open gifts in the presence of the giver .
A verbal expression of thanks is appropriate .
If the gift is opened in the absence of the giver , the next time you contact the giver , thank him and specifically mention the gift .
Time Schedules
In general , you can telephone Finns between 9.00 and 21.00 without awakening them .
If you have to call someone after 21.00 , apologise for the late time of night at which you had to call .
Tipping Service charges ( tips ) are always included in the bill and they are not expected .
If something has a price , the it is posted in clear view , such as in coat rooms of theaters or restaurants .
A drug used as a general anaesthetic may also work as a remarkably rapid antidepressant , according to a preliminary study .
The drug ’s hallucinogenic side effects mean it is unlikely to be prescribed to patients , but it could pave the way to new faster - acting antidepressants , the researchers suggest .
Ketamine is used as an animal tranquiliser , but is perhaps better known as an illicit street drug , sometimes called “ special K ” .
Now researchers have found the drug can relieve depression in some patients within just 2 hours – and continue to do so for a week .
One problem with current antidepressants is that they typically take weeks to kick in .
Some studies have found that patients may face a high risk of suicide in the first week after starting an antidepressant treatment because of this lag time .
So researchers have been searching for alternative drugs .
Advertisement
Fast acting
In 2000 , a small study of eight people with major depression suggested that ketamine mitigated depression to a certain degree ( Biological Psychiatry , vol 47 , p 351 ) .
Carlos Zarate , chief of the Mood and Anxiety Disorders Research Unit at the National Institute of Mental Health in Bethesda , Maryland , US and colleagues , set out to conduct a larger , more detailed trial of the drug ’s antidepressant effects .
They analysed data from 17 participants , all whom suffered from moderate to severe depression and had failed to respond to at least two types of conventional drug treatments .
In the first part of the experiment , the volunteers were given a single intravenous dose of either ketamine or a placebo .
A week later , the participants were given the opposite treatment , unless the beneficial effects of the first intravenous dose were still evident .
Depression improved within one day for 12 of the 17 who received ketamine .
These patients showed a 50 % reduction in their symptoms , according to the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale .
In previous trials for established , long - acting antidepressants , only 63 % of participants saw this same reduction in symptoms after eight weeks of medication .
Lasting effect
Overall , while nine of the 17 patients had a 50 % reduction in their depression within the first 2 hours of ketamine treatment , only one person receiving the placebo experienced the same effect in this period of time .
The antidepressant effects of ketamine lasted for a week in four people and at least two weeks in another two subjects .
“ We did n’t believe it would last that long , ” says Zarate .
Most anti-depressants work by boosting levels of the brain chemical serotonin .
But ketamine acts in a different way , by reducing the effects of another neurotransmitter , called glutamate .
This may explain the drug ’s faster action , and suggest an alternative pathway for other antidepressant drugs , the researchers say .
Trails of light
However , one of the reasons that clubbers abuse ketamine is for its hallucinogenic properties , such as seeing trails of light , and this was one of the most significant side effects occurring in the “ vast majority ” of participants , Zarate says .
The hallucinations will also have revealed to patients in the trial when they had received ketamine , rather than an inert placebo .
This knowledge could have made them more likely to report a positive response than to the placebo .
Zarate is currently exploring compounds derived from ketamine to see if they can find one that has antidepressant effects without causing hallucinations .
Journal reference : Archives of General Psychiatry ( v 63 , p 856 )
Wind power generating capacity increased by 27 percent in 2006 and is expected to increase an additional 26 percent in 2007 , proving wind is now a mainstream option for new power generation , according to a market forecast released on Jan. 22 by the American Wind Energy Association ( AWEA , Washington , DC ) .
Windâ€™s exponential growth reflects the nationâ€™s increasing demand for clean , safe and domestic energy , and continues to attract both private and public sources of capital .
â€œiPods , flat screen televisions and other highly sought technologies are creating a demand for electricity that is beginning to eclipse our current supply .
Wind is a proven , cost - effective source of energy that also alleviates global warming and enhances our nationâ€™s energy security , â€ says AWEA executive director Randall Swisher .
The U.S. wind energy industry installed 2,454 megawatts ( MW ) of new generating capacity in 2006 , an investment of approximately $ 4 billion , billing wind as one of the largest sources of new power generation in the country â€ “ second only to natural gas â€ “ for the second year in a row .
New wind farms boosted cumulative U.S. installed wind energy capacity by 27 percent to 11,603 MW , well above the 10,000 - MW milestone reached in August 2006 .
One megawatt of wind power produces enough electricity to serve 250 to 300 homes on average each day .
Wind energy facilities currently installed in the U.S. will produce an estimated 31 billion kilowatt - hours annually or enough electricity to serve 2.9 million American homes .
This 100 percent clean source of electricity will displace approximately 23 million tons of carbon dioxide â€ “ the leading greenhouse gas â€ “ each year , which would otherwise be emitted by traditional energy sources such as coal , natural gas , oil and other sources .
Wind power has also attracted the support of state and federal government legislatures .
The U.S. Congress recently extended the federal production tax credit ( PTC ) through December 2008 to further expand the number of wind farms throughout the U.S. Based on the success of the PTC to date , AWEA is calling for extending the provision an additional five years .
â€ œThe industry has demonstrated a generous return on the investment of both private and public investment in wind , â€ said Swisher .
â€ œExtending the PTC five years will significantly increase the progress America is making in expanding its use of new forms of energy when theyâ€™ve never been needed more.â€ 
The industry outlook also finds :
Texas accounted for nearly a third of the new wind power installed in 2006 , taking over the lead from California in cumulative installed capacity .
Texas hosts the worldâ€™s single largest operating wind farm , the 735 - MW Horse Hollow Wind Energy Center , located in Nolan and Taylor counties .
Much of the new wind equipment in 2006 was produced in new manufacturing facilities in Iowa , Minnesota , and Pennsylvania .
Additional announcements are expected in 2007 .
Investment in manufacturing capability signals confidence in the market and lays the groundwork for expanded growth capability .
New utility - scale turbines were installed in a total of 20 states across the country , from Maine to New Mexico to Alaska .
The top five states in new installations were Texas ( 774 MW ) , Washington ( 428 MW ) , California ( 212 MW ) , New York ( 185 MW ) and Minnesota ( 150 MW ) .
AWEA also is soliciting support for passage of H.R. 197 , a bill sponsored by Rep. Earl Pomeroy ( D - ND ) that will extend the wind energy production tax credit ( PTC ) for an additional five years .
The PTC is scheduled to expire on Dec. 31 , 2008 .
The bill , if passed , will extend the PTC through Dec. 31 , 2013 .
TOTAL INSTALLED U.S. WIND ENERGY CAPACITY : 11,603 MW as of December 31 , 2006
Find out more about wind projects in America by visiting AWEA ’s wind energy project map .
At first glance , the " sexy son hypothesis " makes perfect sense .
According to this pillar of evolutionary biology , a female who chooses a high - quality male will have sons who inherit dad 's allure .
They , too , will therefore have their pick of females , allowing mom to hit the jackpot : grandmotherhood .
But when scientists followed male flycatchers whose dads were real catches ( as judged by a forehead patch that is this bird 's equivalent of perfect abs ) , they found no such thing .
The ...
I had found pile of MySQL and PostgreSQL benchmarks on various platforms which I have not seen before .
Very interesting reading .
It does not share too much information about how MySQL or PostgreSQL was configured or about queries .
Furthermore MySQL and PostgreSQL has a bit different implementations ( ie SubQueries avoided for MySQL ) so do not just compare it directly .
It also does not mention if Innodb or MyISAM tables are used – it turns out Both are used in the benchmark .
This is CPU bound benchmark with working set fitting in memory .
MySQL and PostrgreSQL Scalability on Xeon Woodcrest , Opteron and Niagra
Pretty interesting to see how PostgreSQL scales just as systems should scale in theory – gradually goes up with number of threads about matches number of Cores / Threads and stays at this level at higher concurrency .
MySQL with Innodb shows its ugly face and drops pretty quickly as concurrency growths with peak at about number of CPUs .
I guess this is lucky case as Innodb may well start to slow down before concurrency reaches number of CPUs .
Yes , Innodb Team has provided the fix for this scalability problem and it is merged into MySQL 5.0.30 “ Enterprise ” but according to the tests I ’ve done so far it is far from full solution yet .
It is also interesting to see CPU comparison in this test .
Woodcrest has best performance in this test ( and in many other MySQL tests ) , Opteron comes second and older Intel Xeons as well as Niagra being outsiders .
Niagra scalability is one more interesting story .
As you can see MySQL 4.1 actually scaled pretty well with Niagra , suffering slow regression with increased concurrency rather than quick drop .
In MySQL 5.0 it is changed dramatically – it climbs to higher peak but it drops down very quickly as well as concurrency growths .
It is seen much better on this picture
Linux vs Solaris comparison is also pretty interesting .
With MySQL Linux has higher peak but Solaris suffers less with increased concurrency .
Note : I have not validated these benchmarks and as I already mentioned they do not have full disclosure .
They however do match my own experience with MySQL so I tend to trust PostgreSQL data points as well .
Danny
Ting is staring at his latest delivery from Netflix .
There 's nothing wrong with the disc ( season two of GI Joe ) .
But something is different about the familiar red and white envelope .
" Let me bring in my archive , " he says .
Ting walks past the framed Jenna Jameson on the wall and the pornographic magazines on his partner 's desk , heading for the hallway .
He returns with a 4 - inch stack of Netflix envelopes and lays an earlier version down beside the new one .
Then he sees it :
In place of the old paste - on address label , the newer sample has his address printed right on the envelope , with a barcode above it .
" See that ? "
Ting says .
" They 're probably 20 to 30 percent more efficient , the way they 're doing it now . "
Ting has never been inside a Netflix distribution center .
He has never directly observed the clockwork precision of its fulfillment system .
But he has spent hundreds of hours trying to figure out how the company works .
He 's actually a bit obsessed with the movies - by - mail innovator , and he 's determined to reverse engineer its success .
Ting , 30 , is cofounder of WantedList , which he is trying to turn into the Netflix of the porn industry .
For $ 22.95 per month , WantedList sends its customers an unlimited number of X - rated DVDs ( they can have three out at a time ) .
Four years after launch , WantedList has purchased or outpaced all of its couple of dozen competitors , making it the largest player in the rental porn - by - mail niche - a growing chunk of an industry estimated unreliably to be worth $ 10 billion a year .
With 25,000 customers and a widely hailed interface , WantedList was Adult Video News ' Best Online Retailer for 2005 .
It 's not the career path Ting and his partner Anh Tran , 29 , expected .
Five years ago , they were Silicon Valley tech consultants , working at Arthur Andersen for clients like Intel , Brio Technology , and Southern California Edison .
Today , their San Fernando Valley office space has a warehouse stocked with enough dirty DVDs to keep a Jamboree 's worth of Boy Scouts permanently ensconced in their tents .
Their schedules include meetings with sex toy experts and parties with porn stars .
They have xxx wl tattoos on their wrists .
What they do n't have , though , are profits .
And that 's puzzling .
From subscription
Web sites to tiny video production companies to pay - per - view cable channels , porn , after all , generates piles of cash for everyone .
The movie rental industry ( including some porn ) is worth $ 8 billion , but Blockbuster and Netflix decline to stock adult titles in order to maintain a family - friendly aura .
That leaves money on the table for the nation 's 15,000 mom-and - pop video rental stores , which derive more than 10 percent of their profits from adult titles .
The WantedList founders figured their online business could get a piece of this action by letting porn renters avoid the embarrassment of face - to - face transactions ( " So , Domination Diaries # 3 is due back Saturday .
Enjoy ! " ) .
But WantedList has found it difficult to attract and keep customers .
When it launched in 2001 , Ting and Tran told potential investors that they would have 400,000 subscribers by 2004 .
Today they 're stalled at just over 5 percent of that .
" They were very farsighted in coming up with this business plan , " says Frederick Lane III , author of Obscene Profits : The Entrepreneurs of Pornography in the Cyber Age .
" The question is , Is it viable and sustainable ? "
WantedList owes its creation to the serendipity of airline seat assignments .
One of Ting 's colleagues at Andersen found himself next to a Netflix VP on an LA - to - San Francisco run in 2000 , and the two spent the flight talking about the rental business .
When they landed , Ting 's buddy called him with the pitch :
They 'd swipe the model but offer only pornography .
Ting was intrigued .
But the friend 's fiancée did n't like the idea of marrying a would - be porn mogul , so he dropped out .
Ting recruited Tran , an Andersen colleague he'd met on smoking breaks .
Over dinner in a San Jose noodle shop , they began building the business case .
They knew they would face obstacles .
For one thing , Netflix might start offering porn .
They dismissed the chances of that happening , a guess that seems solid now that Netflix has a business relationship with the famously abstemious Wal - Mart .
Another problem was their parents , who 'd originally hoped both young men - Ting , with a degree in industrial management from Carnegie Mellon , and Tran , who majored in Asian American studies and public policy at UCLA - would become doctors .
Tech consulting was less prestigious but still acceptable .
If they heard their sons were pornographers , Mom and Dad would likely need medical attention themselves .
By the summer of 2001 , they had quit their jobs , told their parents they were self - employed Web consultants , and moved from the Bay Area to a town house in Alhambra , California .
Ting handled the technology , and Tran managed finance and marketing .
Seeking investors , they pitched their business plan to established porn players , including Vivid and the owners of Hustler , but no one bought it .
So the founders got personal loans , maxed out their credit cards , and sold their stocks and motorcycles , raising about $ 200,000 to finance the business .
After four months of maniacal programming , they launched the site with 6,000 titles ( including their personal 30 - disc collection ) and only themselves to sort movies and stuff envelopes .
They hoped to have 10,000 subscribers within a year .
They only got 1,000 .
Most mainstream media wo n't take adult ads - no banners on IMDb , no radio commercials , no billboards .
They had planned to spend $ 15 per subscriber on customer acquisition , but limited mostly to click - on Web ads , they spent $ 25 .
So they got tricky .
They hired a marketing firm to search the hard drives of members of peer - to - peer services like Kazaa .
When the firm found one filled with porn , WantedList emailed an invitation to a free trial .
That tactic helped them gain almost 10,000 subscribers by the end of year two , which gave them the cash flow to move into their Van Nuys office in October 2003 ; it's in an industrial park where a third of the tenants are adult - industry players .
By 2004 , they had 15,000 titles in stock and had begun buying up rivals .
Still , acquiring new customers remains a problem .
Which is why , just before noontime on a scorching summer day , Ting and Tran are driving the company Acura MDX through Beverly Hills , en route to lunch with Dave Levine , the founder of Sextoy.com .
Much of WantedList 's recent growth has come from partnerships with sites like Levine's .
Over an al fresco lunch on Sunset Boulevard , they talk about whether the Colin Farrell sex tape will be made public and how Sex and the City made vibrators more socially acceptable .
They compare weekend plans .
It 's a profitable relationship :
On a good day , WantedList picks up 30 new subscribers from Sextoy.com .
That steady flow of newbies is essential because WantedList loses clients fast .
Five percent of Netflix customers cancel each year ; WantedList 's " churn " is twice that - such burnout is common in the industry .
" Most people can view only so much porn until they sort of reach their limit , " says Jax , who runs a rival service called Sugar DVD ( and who , like many industry players , uses a one - name pseudonym ) .
" There 's the guilt factor , which can't be overrated .
You see customers struggle with that - they leave , come back , leave , come back . "
While the average American probably consumes a steady diet of Hollywood movies , WantedList 's experience suggests demand for porn cycles up and down .
It 's only natural , for instance , that a single person 's urge to rent explicit fare might ebb at the start of a relationship , either because the new partner disapproves or because sex has become a two - person sport .
To keep subscribers hooked , the guys are trying to turn WantedList into a sort of porn portal , a site that goes well beyond simple rentals .
They run interviews with stars ( most frequent question : " Do you prefer sex with men or women ? " ) and feature a recommendation engine called the Pornotron 6900 .
A tall , pigtailed woman named Maria Menendez provides capsule reviews .
Of Barely Legal # 50 , she writes : " Make sure to get a fresh box of Kleenex and some serious lube when enjoying this slice of nasty pie . "
After lunch , Ting and Tran head back to the office to meet with an associate of Seymore Butts , the porn producer who stars in Showtime 's reality series Family Business .
Butts and WantedList have decided to jointly sponsor a contest modeled on Maxim 's search for " hometown hotties . "
Women will compete to become a " tushy girl , " and the winner will get to appear in Butts ' movies .
It 's the latest in a string of contests , including Label That Labia ( subscribers identify stars based on photos of their genitals ) .
All this is a world apart from Silicon Valley consulting - and not a business for the prudish .
" You really have to want to immerse yourself - lunches , events , trade shows , parties , " says John Wells , who founded Flicksmart.com , an X - rated rental service , in 2001 and sold to WantedList in 2004 .
( He retains equity and a board seat . )
Wells , married with kids , was n't into it .
" The more we learned about the adult business - the restrictions , the difficulty , the stigma - the less we wanted to be in adult . "
But Ting and Tran have embraced the lifestyle .
At 3 o'clock on a recent afternoon , an ultraskinny 23 - year - old arrives for a meeting .
" Who do I hug first ? " squeals Jenna Haze , a prolific adult - film actress whose mostly nude photo is all over their Web site .
Stoned , wearing a tiny denim skirt , black tank top , and no underwear , she ignores her constantly ringing cell phone as they trade industry gossip - who 's dating whom , who 's shooting what .
Then they discuss Haze 's career dilemma .
Out of deference to her boyfriend , she has n't had on - camera sex with a man in more than two years , but she 's tired of filming lesbian scenes .
She 's decided to deliver him an ultimatum : Marry me or I 'll perform with men again .
Ting , ever the numbers guy , offers his support .
" Your most popular movies are your guy movies , " he says .
( Since the meeting , Haze has announced her intention to resume performing with men . )
And then business is transacted : Haze agrees to do another photo shoot for the Web site and to sign autographs at their booth at an upcoming convention .
" I 'm addicted to Netflix , " Haze says .
" If I actually watched porn , I 'd be addicted to WantedList . "
Though they 've traded in cubicle life for flirting with sex kittens , Ting and Tran are still geeks at heart .
Walking through the warehouse , Ting explains the numeric cataloging system he developed to speed the sorting and mailing process , scoffing at one company they acquired that organized its warehouse alphabetically .
" It took them twice as long to sort half as many movies , " he says .
Tran 's duties include working with the firm 's $ 300 - an - hour lawyer , trying to minimize the risk they 'll be sued for breaking obscenity laws .
( On advice of counsel , they do n't ship to Alabama , Tennessee , or parts of Utah , Texas , and Pennsylvania . )
They apply the same attention to detail to the site itself , which is considered by the industry to be the best of its kind .
That 's not too tough , Tran says .
" These are n't the most tech - savvy people in the world , " he observes .
" When you ask them about backend systems , they 're thinking anal . "
For all the diligence and expertise of its founders , WantedList has yet to turn a profit .
According to Tran , that 's only because it 's spending heavily on marketing .
Indeed , WantedList 's competitors say that a niche DVD - by - mail service could break even with just 10,000 subscribers .
At 25,000 subs , WantedList has annual revenue of nearly $ 7 million .
Buying new DVDs eats up $ 1.2 million , and mailing them consumes another $ 1.8 million .
Rent , labor , and marketing costs suck down the rest .
" At any point in time , we could make money by cutting expenses , " Tran says , though that would slow their growth .
That could be healthy bravado - or it could be delusion .
Even on the all - you - can - eat pricing model , customers watch less porn than Ting and Tran expected .
WantedList subscribers average six DVDs per month , compared with eight or nine from Netflix .
Why ?
" You watch porn in spurts , " says Ting .
" You do n't watch the whole movie in one sitting . "
In fact , the market for unlimited porn appears far smaller than they envisioned .
At XRentDVD , a rival of WantedList , more customers choose to pay $ 2.95 per movie instead of a monthly all - you - can - watch fee .
" The majority of people out there are casual viewers - they only need a movie or two every so often , " says general manager Vincent Sorvino .
Now the company is in a race against technology .
Within five years ,
Tran says , video - on - demand will likely render the DVD - by - mail model obsolete .
And though Ting and Tran together own more than 90 percent of the company , they 're hardly cashing in :
They pay themselves about $ 50,000 a year , less than several of their employees earn and far less than the $ 120,000 and $ 70,000 they made , respectively , at Andersen .
Things might still come together for the WantedList guys .
They may actually be creating those new porn consumers they hope to cultivate : 20 percent of their subscribers are women , but only 5 percent of video store porn renters are female .
And obscure and individualized fetishes mean that WantedList can stock as few as 10 copies of many movies ; Blockbuster.com has to stock its mainstream flicks by the thousands .
Meantime , their parents have learned the true nature of their " Web consulting business , " and while they 're not wild about it , no one has been disowned .
And on the romance front , the founders say their X - rated jobs have only enhanced their lifestyles .
" Imagine seeing these girls in hot movies and then one day dating [ one ] , " says Ting , who dated an actress named Devon , a former Penthouse Pet and star of movies like Hayride Honeys .
" Girls who turn their nose up at us when we tell them what we do , they would n't be that much fun to hang out with anyway . "
And should their love lives hit a dry patch , no worries - they have 15,000 ways to entertain themselves in the warehouse , just a few feet from their desks .
Daniel McGinn ( mcginndan@aol.com ) , a national correspondent for Newsweek * , wrote about high tech toilets in issue 13.03 .*
credit Sye Williams
Porn stars Jenna Haze ( right ) and Dana , flanking WantedList founders Danny Ting and Anh Tran .
Introduction
If you ’re thinking of creating a startup , you ’re probably going to look for promising external factors like astrological signs to determine whether a gamble into entrepreneurialism is worth the trouble .
And right now , the signs look good .
VCs are startup friendly , hardware costs are low , and Google is buying companies for 1.65 billion dollars .
The problem , however , is that first time entrepreneurs do n’t necessarily succeed or fail because of outside socio-economic forces .
If you ’re a first time business owner , a paper by the Social Science Research Network on skill vs. luck in entrepreneurship says you , my friend , are more likely to stumble than succeed :
“ Our empirical model indicates that entrepreneurs who succeeded in a prior venture ( i.e. , started a company that went public ) have a 30 % chance of succeeding in their next venture .
By contrast , first - time entrepreneurs have only an 18 % chance of succeeding and entrepreneurs who previously failed have a 20 % chance of succeeding . ”
Now , do n’t become too disheartened .
Even though the odds say you ’ll mess up on your first go ( and even your second ) , just like walking , talking , or even snowboarding , business success comes through persistence and basically knowing more than you know now .
This is why failures do better than newbies and also the reason why you ( especially if you ’re young and without attachments ) need to get your feet wet as soon as you can .
To help convince you of the values of getting one under your belt , we ’ve gathered the following five reasons why your first startup , regardless of whether it ’s a success or not , is more valuable than you think because of the lessons you ’ll learn .
1 ) It Prepares You for How Much Work Is Involved
Many startups fail because the founders were not mentally prepared to work the ridiculous hours necessary to make a business succeed .
Basically , founders who are unprepared for the rigors of a startup are less likely to make it .
At the Startup Success 2006 panel discussion , one of the audience members asked if the founders were able to work from 8 - 5 .
Reid Hoffman , founder of Linked In , sort of sighed and had this to say :
“ Before you get profitable and establish yourself , you ’re basically walking dead and you have to realize it ’s more of a marathon than a sprint . ”
He then went on to say that you can expect to work over 70 hour work weeks to get the product out the door .
If you ’ve run any type of long distance race , then you ’ll understand the importance of mental focus .
For example , if you ’re mentally ready to run five miles , and at the fifth mile you ’re told to run five more , that ’s much harder than mentally preparing for ten miles at the start .
The only way to train for a marathon is by running , and the only way to train for a startup is by starting .
2 ) It ’ll Teach You What to Look for in a Cofounder
In Paul Graham ’s essay on why startups fail , he states that ,
“ Fights between founders are surprisingly common .
About 20 % of the startups we ’ve funded have had a founder leave .
It happens so often that we ’ve reversed our attitude to vesting . ”
If you and a potential cofounder are really serious about creating a business together , get started now .
Even if you ’re not working on your master idea , start doing something that is high stress , requires long hours , and tests your dedication .
It ’s not uncommon to hear of two friends who spend a lot of time on planning out the perfect idea , but break up soon after they actually start .
Particletree was the perfect testing ground for us because it was originally a low risk project that tested how well we worked with one another .
Do n’t get me wrong , we ’ve always taken Particletree seriously , but the servers could have easily been turned off without affecting too many people if our personalities clashed .
The three of us were all good friends before going into business , but friends do n’t always make the best of business partners .
3 ) It ’ll Show You How Flexible Your Ideas Need to Be
In Dharmesh Shah ’s recent essay on How To Kill Your Startup , he believes that startups often fail due to “ death by determination ” , or stubbornness .
To quote Dharmesh ,
“ Dogged determinedness will likely keep you from building the business that you could have built . ”
Along similar lines , a venture capitalist once told us that a startup ’s final product usually contains very little of the original idea .
Considering that we first tried to create an ASP content management system instead of a form builder , Flickr started off as a game for girls and Craig Newmark just wanted to help people find cool events , he might be on to something .
Not only is it important to start now because your idea needs time to mature , but because oftentimes one idea will lead to other non-related ideas .
Who knows if we would have del.icio.us or Microsoft if Joshua Schachter and Bill Gates had n’t first bombed on Loaf and Traf - O - Data .
4 ) It ’ll Teach You the Importance of Passion
Founders often call it quits when they just are n’t passionate about an idea anymore .
For example , Kiko , an online calendar application recently sold their business for a number of reasons including lack of passion .
Richard
White , cofounder of Kiko stated ,
“ I wo n’t get into all of the dynamics of the situation , but , in a nutshell , we had lost our spark and were letting our users down by not improving the product the way we should have .
He later also said ,
“ The team was burned out and we decided that it was time to find someone else to carry the torch . ”
Starting a business and quickly realizing that it is n’t your passion is definitely better than waiting for the perfect moment to start a business that you may not be interested in anyways .
5 ) It ’ll Show You How Little You Know About Money
To launch our web development magazine , Treehouse , we gave out the first issue for free in order to generate a little buzz .
Even though thirty thousand people downloaded the free issue in its first week , only about 300 of them felt it was worth paying for .
According to Ryan Carson , cofounder of Dropsend , that ’s a lot closer to the norm than we previously believed .
“ If you ’re offering a free plan to your customers then expect to get around 98 % or 99 % of your customers on that plan .
That means that you can only really bank on 1 % or 2 % of your total customers on the paying plan .
In our experience this is true and other major players in the web app industry have agreed .
This is about the industry average . ”
Getting customers to pay for your product is hard work , and it ’s no surprise that startups often fail due to poor budgeting and cash flow .
According to SCORE ’s , Top Reasons
Why Businesses Fail , misguided financial expectations often explain why companies call it quits .
82 % Poor cash flow management skills / poor understanding of cash flow
79 % Starting out with too little money .
77 % Not pricing properly - failure to include all necessary items when setting prices
73 % Being overly optimistic about achievable sales , money required and about what needs to be done to be successful .
While Treehouse did n’t necessarily fail , the experience taught us an important lesson on estimating cash flows .
That knowledge was pretty important in determining how much angel investment we decided take in order to ensure we could make it to break - even with Wufoo .
Conclusion
The moral of the story is that now is a great time to begin your first startup because there is usually a lot to learn before your first real success .
The act of starting a business will help to solidify your ideas , weed out bad co-founders and give you a feel for the time commitment required .
Marc Cuban , owner of the Dallas Mavericks , had this to say about his early business experiences ,
“ With every effort , I learned a lot .
With every mistake and failure , not only mine , but of those around me , I learned what not to do .
I also got to study the success of those I did business with as well .
I had more than a healthy dose of fear , and an unlimited amount of hope , and more importantly , no limit on time and effort .
Even successful people often fail at first , so right now now is the perfect time to get those hiccups out of the way .
Review these typical interview questions and think about how you would
answer them .
Read the questions listed ; you will also find some
strategy suggestions with it .
( Excerpted from the book The Accelerated Job Search by Wayne D. Ford , Ph.D , published by The Management Advantage , Inc. )
1 . Tell me about yourself :
The most often asked question in interviews .
You need to have a short
statement prepared in your mind .
Be careful that it does not sound
rehearsed .
Limit it to work - related items unless instructed otherwise .
Talk about things you have done and jobs you have held that relate to
the position you are interviewing for .
Start with the item farthest
back and work up to the present .
2 . Why did you leave your last job ?
Stay positive regardless of the circumstances .
Never refer to a major
problem with management and never speak ill of supervisors , co-workers
or the organization .
If you do , you will be the one looking bad .
Keep
smiling and talk about leaving for a positive reason such as an
opportunity , a chance to do something special or other forward - looking
reasons .
3 . What experience do you have in this field ?
Speak about specifics that relate to the position you are applying for .
If you do not have specific experience , get as close as you can .
4 . Do you consider yourself successful ?
You should always answer yes and briefly explain why .
A good
explanation is that you have set goals , and you have met some and are
on track to achieve the others .
5 . What do co-workers say about you ?
Be prepared with a quote or two from co-workers .
Either a specific
statement or a paraphrase will work .
Jill Clark , a co-worker at Smith
Company , always said I was the hardest workers she had ever known .
It
is as powerful as Jill having said it at the interview herself .
6 . What do you know about this organization ?
This question is one reason to do some research on the organization
before the interview .
Find out where they have been and where they are
going .
What are the current issues and who are the major players ?
7 . What have you done to improve your knowledge in the last year ?
Try to include improvement activities that relate to the job .
A wide
variety of activities can be mentioned as positive self - improvement .
Have some good ones handy to mention .
8 . Are you applying for other jobs ?
Be honest but do not spend a lot of time in this area .
Keep the focus
on this job and what you can do for this organization .
Anything else is
a distraction .
9 . Why do you want to work for this organization ?
This may take some thought and certainly , should be based on the
research you have done on the organization .
Sincerity is extremely
important here and will easily be sensed .
Relate it to your long - term
career goals .
10 .
Do you know anyone who works for us ?
Be aware of the policy on relatives working for the organization .
This
can affect your answer even though they asked about friends not
relatives .
Be careful to mention a friend only if they are well thought
of .
11 . What kind of salary do you need ?
A loaded question .
A nasty little game that you will probably lose if
you answer first .
So , do not answer it .
Instead , say something like ,
That ’s a tough question .
Can you tell me the range for this position ?
In most cases , the interviewer , taken off guard , will tell you .
If not ,
say that it can depend on the details of the job .
Then give a wide
range .
12 . Are you a team player ?
You are , of course , a team player .
Be sure to have examples ready .
Specifics that show you often perform for the good of the team rather
than for yourself are good evidence of your team attitude .
Do not brag ,
just say it in a matter - of - fact tone .
This is a key point .
13 .
How long would you expect to work for us if hired ?
Specifics here are not good .
Something like this should work : I ’d like
it to be a long time .
Or
As long as we both feel I ’m doing a good job .
14 . Have you ever had to fire anyone ?
How did you feel about that ?
This is serious .
Do not make light of it or in any way seem like you
like to fire people .
At the same time , you will do it when it is the
right thing to do .
When it comes to the organization versus the
individual who has created a harmful situation , you will protect the
organization .
Remember firing is not the same as layoff or reduction in
force .
15 .
What is your philosophy towards work ?
The interviewer is not looking for a long or flowery dissertation here .
Do you have strong feelings that the job gets done ?
Yes .
That ’s the
type of answer that works best here .
Short and positive , showing a
benefit to the organization .
16 .
If you had enough money to retire right now , would you ?
Answer yes if you would .
But since you need to work , this is the type
of work you prefer .
Do not say yes if you do not mean it .
17 .
Have you ever been asked to leave a position ?
If you have not , say no .
If you have , be honest , brief and avoid saying
negative things about the people or organization involved .
18 . Explain how you would be an asset to this organization
You should be anxious for this question .
It gives you a chance to
highlight your best points as they relate to the position being
discussed .
Give a little advance thought to this relationship .
19 .
Why should we hire you ?
Point out how your assets meet what the organization needs .
Do not
mention any other candidates to make a comparison .
20 .
Tell me about a suggestion you have made
Have a good one ready .
Be sure and use a suggestion that was accepted
and was then considered successful .
One related to the type of work
applied for is a real plus .
21 . What irritates you about co-workers ?
This is a trap question .
Think real hard but fail to come up with
anything that irritates you .
A short statement that you seem to get
along with folks is great .
22 . What is your greatest strength ?
Numerous answers are good , just stay positive .
A few good examples :
Your ability to prioritize , Your problem - solving skills , Your ability
to work under pressure , Your ability to focus on projects , Your
professional expertise , Your leadership skills , Your positive attitude
23 .
Tell me about your dream job .
Stay away from a specific job .
You can not win .
If you say the job you
are contending for is it , you strain credibility .
If you say another
job is it , you plant the suspicion that you will be dissatisfied with
this position if hired .
The best is to stay genetic and say something
like : A job where I love the work , like the people , can contribute and
ca n’t wait to get to work .
24 .
Why do you think you would do well at this job ?
Give several reasons and include skills , experience and interest .
25 .
What are you looking for in a job ?
See answer # 23
26 .
What kind of person would you refuse to work with ?
Do not be trivial .
It would take disloyalty to the organization ,
violence or lawbreaking to get you to object .
Minor objections will
label you as a whiner .
27 .
What is more important to you : the money or the work ?
Money is always important , but the work is the most important .
There is
no better answer .
28 . What would your previous supervisor say your strongest point is ?
There are numerous good possibilities :
Loyalty , Energy , Positive attitude , Leadership , Team player , Expertise ,
Initiative , Patience , Hard work , Creativity , Problem solver
29 .
Tell me about a problem you had with a supervisor
Biggest trap of all .
This is a test to see if you will speak ill of
your boss .
If you fall for it and tell about a problem with a former
boss , you may well below the interview right there .
Stay positive and
develop a poor memory about any trouble with a supervisor .
30 .
What has disappointed you about a job ?
Do n’t get trivial or negative .
Safe areas are few but can include :
Not enough of a challenge .
You were laid off in a reduction Company did
not win a contract , which would have given you more responsibility .
31 . Tell me about your ability to work under pressure .
You may say that you thrive under certain types of pressure .
Give an
example that relates to the type of position applied for .
32 . Do your skills match this job or another job more closely ?
Probably this one .
Do not give fuel to the suspicion that you may want
another job more than this one .
33 .
What motivates you to do your best on the job ?
This is a personal trait that only you can say , but good examples are :
Challenge , Achievement , Recognition
34 .
Are you willing to work overtime ?
Nights ?
Weekends ?
This is up to you .
Be totally honest .
35 .
How would you know you were successful on this job ?
Several ways are good measures :
You set high standards for yourself and meet them .
Your outcomes are a
success .
Your boss tell you that you are successful
36 . Would you be willing to relocate if required ?
You should be clear on this with your family prior to the interview if
you think there is a chance it may come up .
Do not say yes just to get
the job if the real answer is no .
This can create a lot of problems
later on in your career .
Be honest at this point and save yourself
future grief .
37 .
Are you willing to put the interests of the organization ahead ofyour own ?
This is a straight loyalty and dedication question .
Do not worry about
the deep ethical and philosophical implications .
Just say yes .
38 . Describe your management style .
Try to avoid labels .
Some of the more common labels , like progressive ,
salesman or consensus , can have several meanings or descriptions
depending on which management expert you listen to .
The situational
style is safe , because it says you will manage according to the
situation , instead of one size fits all .
39 .
What have you learned from mistakes on the job ?
Here you have to come up with something or you strain credibility .
Make
it small , well intentioned mistake with a positive lesson learned .
An
example would be working too far ahead of colleagues on a project and
thus throwing coordination off .
40 .
Do you have any blind spots ?
Trick question .
If you know about blind spots , they are no longer blind
spots .
Do not reveal any personal areas of concern here .
Let them do
their own discovery on your bad points .
Do not hand it to them .
41 . If you were hiring a person for this job , what would you look for ?
Be careful to mention traits that are needed and that you have .
42 . Do you think you are overqualified for this position ?
Regardless of your qualifications , state that you are very well
qualified for the position .
43 .
How do you propose to compensate for your lack of experience ?
First , if you have experience that the interviewer does not know about ,
bring that up :
Then , point out ( if true ) that you are a hard working
quick learner .
44 . What qualities do you look for in a boss ?
Be generic and positive .
Safe qualities are knowledgeable , a sense of
humor , fair , loyal to subordinates and holder of high standards .
All
bosses think they have these traits .
45 .
Tell me about a time when you helped resolve a dispute betweenothers .
Pick a specific incident .
Concentrate on your problem solving technique
and not the dispute you settled .
46 .
What position do you prefer on a team working on a project ?
Be honest .
If you are comfortable in different roles , point that out .
47 . Describe your work ethic .
Emphasize benefits to the organization .
Things like , determination to
get the job done and work hard but enjoy your work are good .
48 . What has been your biggest professional disappointment ?
Be sure that you refer to something that was beyond your control .
Show
acceptance and no negative feelings .
49 .
Tell me about the most fun you have had on the job .
Talk about having fun by accomplishing something for the organization .
50 .
Do you have any questions for me ?
Always have some questions prepared .
Questions prepared where you will be an asset to the organization are good .
How soon will I be able to be productive ?
and What type of projects will I be able to assist on ?
are
examples .
These photos are from the village in Ukraine , near Kiev .
Made by Alexander Mihailenko .
They are processed but still they depict the true spirit of old slavic village that still can be met in Ukraine .
01 of 06 Introducing " Hello , World ! "
The simplest program in Python consists of a line that tells the computer a command .
Traditionally , the first program of every programmer in every new language prints " Hello , World ! "
Start up your favorite text editor and save the following in a file : print " Hello , World ! "
To execute this program , save it with a suffix of .
py — HelloWorld.py — and type " python " and the filename in a shell like this : > python HelloWorld.py
The output is predictable : Hello , World !
If you prefer to execute it by its name , instead of as an argument to the Python interpreter , put a bang line at the top .
Include the following on the first line of the program , substituting the absolute path to the Python interpreter for / path / to / python : #!/path/to/python
Be sure to change the permission on the file to allow execution if necessary for your operating system .
Now , take this program and embellish it a bit .
02 of 06 Importing Modules and Assigning Values First , import a module or two : import re , string , sys Then let 's define the addressee and the punctuation for the output .
These are taken from the first two command line arguments : greeting = sys.argv [ 1 ] addressee = sys.argv [ 2 ] punctuation = sys.argv [ 3 ]
Here , we give " greeting " the value of the first command - line argument ​to the program .
The first word that comes after the program 's name when the program is executed is assigned using the sys module .
The second word ( addressee ) is sys.argv [ 2 ] and so on .
The program 's name itself is sys.argv [ 0 ] .
03 of 06 A Class Called Felicitations
From this , create a class called Felicitations : class Felicitations ( object ) : def __init__ ( self ) : self.felicitations = [ ] def addon ( self , word ) : self.felicitations.append( word ) def printme ( self ) : greeting = string.join(self.felicitations [ 0 : ] , " " ) print greeting
The class is based on another type of object called " object . "
The first method is mandatory if you want the object to know anything about itself .
Instead of being a brainless mass of functions and variables , the class must have a way of referring to itself .
The second method simply adds the value of " word " to the Felicitations object .
Finally , the class has the ability to print itself via a method called " printme . "
Note : In Python , indentation is important .
Every nested block of commands must be indented the same amount .
Python has no other way to differentiate between nested and non-nested blocks of commands .
04 of 06 Defining Functions
Now , make a function that calls the last method of the class : def prints ( string ) : string . printme( ) return
Next , define two more functions .
These illustrate how to pass arguments to and how to receive output from functions .
The strings in parentheses are arguments on which the function depends .
The value returned is signified in the " return " statement at the end .
def hell o( i ) : string = " hell " + i return string def caps ( word ) : value = string.capitalize ( word ) return value
The first of these functions take an argument " i " which is later concatenated to the base " hell " and returned as a variable named " string . "
As you see in the main ( ) function , this variable is hardwired in the program as " o , " but you could easily make it user - defined by using sys.argv [ 3 ] or similar .
The second function is used to capitalize the parts of the output .
It takes one argument , the phrase to be capitalized , and returns it as a value " value . "
05 of 06 The Main ( ) Thing Next , define a main ( ) function : def main ( ) : salut = Felicitations ( ) if greeting !=
" Hello " : cap_greeting = caps( greeting ) else : cap_greeting = greeting salut.addon( cap_greeting ) salut.addon ( " , " ) cap_addressee = caps ( addressee ) lastpart = cap_addressee + punctuation salut.addon( lastpart ) prints ( salut )
Several things happen in this function :
The code creates an instance of the Felicitations class and call it " salut , " which allows access to the parts of Felicitations as they exist in salut .
Next , if " greeting " does not equate to the string " Hello , " then , using function caps ( ) , we capitalize the value of " greeting " and assign it to " cap_greeting . "
Otherwise , " cap_greeting " is assigned the value of " greeting . "
If this seems tautological , it is , but it is also illustrative of conditional statements in Python .
Whatever the outcome of the if ... else statements , the value of " cap_greeting " is added onto the value of " salut , " using class object 's append method .
Next , we append a comma and a space to salut in preparation for the addressee .
The value of " addressee " is capitalized and assigned to " cap_addressee . "
The values of " cap_addressee " and " punctuation " are then concatenated and assigned to " lastpart . "
The value of " lastpart " is then appended to the content of " salut . "
Finally , the object ' " salut " is sent to the " prints " function to be printed to the screen .
Published online 6 October 2006 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news061002-14
Corrected online :
News
Has $ 1 million maths problem been cracked using novel techniques ?
Turbulent flow : the maths to pin it down are tricky .
Getty
A buzz is building that one of mathematics ' greatest unsolved problems may have fallen .
Blogs and online discussion groups are spreading news of a paper posted to an online preprint server on 26 September .
This paper , authored by Penny Smith of Lehigh University in Bethlehem , Pennsylvania , purports to contain an " immortal smooth solution of the three - space - dimensional Navier - Stokes system " .
If the paper proves correct , Smith can lay claim to $ 1 million in prize money from the Clay Mathematics Institute , based in Cambridge , Massachusetts .
In 2000 , the institute listed the Navier - Stokes problem among its seven Millennium Prize Problems .
The Navier - Stokes equations describe how a fluid flows .
They are derived by applying Newton 's laws of motion to the flow of an imcompressible fluid , and adding in a term that accounts for energy lost through the liquid equivalent of friction , viscosity .
What mathematicians want to know is whether these equations always behave themselves , or their solutions sometimes diverge — which would amount to physical impossibilities , such as fluid mass disappearing .
Smith claims to show that solutions to the equations never diverge .
Experts in the field say that it is too early to make a call on whether the paper is correct , but they are beginning to comb through the work .
Among those looking at the paper is Charles Fefferman , a mathematician at Princeton University , New Jersey , who wrote the description of the Navier - Stokes problem for the Clay Mathematics Institute .
" It would be a spectacular achievement of the highest order if it turned out to be right , " he says .
The Navier - Stokes equations serve not only as the basis of a challenge to mathematicians but also underpin many practical exercises in physics and engineering , such as the design of chemical plants .
Any mathematics developed to tackle the equations could also be put to use in computer simulations or might provide new insights into the nature of complex phenomena such as turbulence .
The challenge
“ Somebody asked me why do n't I work on one of the Clay problems , so I looked around for one . ”
Penny Smith
Lehigh University
Smith says that she was prompted to tackle the problem by a colleague , beginning work on it only one month ago .
Her expertise lies in solving differential equations , and she says that she has developed new mathematical tools to do so .
She gave a lecture on how these tools could be applied to another set of equations .
At the end of the lecture , she says , " somebody asked me why do n't I work on one of the Clay problems .
So I looked around for one to do with differential equations " .
She spotted that the Navier - Stokes equations could be rewritten in the form of the differential equations that she knows how to solve .
The method works by setting upper and lower bounds to the solution , then squeezing them together to show that they converge .
The paper that she posted online has also been submitted to the Journal of Mathematical Analysis and Applications1 , she says .
" I 'm pretty confident that my result is right , or I would never have submitted it anywhere , " says Smith .
" Of course , when there 's so much attention being paid it does activate every piece of insecurity one has ever had . "
This anxiety has led her to revise the paper a number of times since posting it to the arXiv preprint server — but the changes were to correct typographical errors , rather than anything mathematically significant , she says .
The proof
There have been previous claims of solutions to the Navier - Stokes problem , says Fefferman .
He recalls seeing maybe half - a- dozen such papers over the past few years , most of which he discovered to have obviously fatal errors within a matter of hours .
He expects that assessing Smith 's work will take much longer than that .
Although the paper itself is only nine pages long , it relies heavily on her earlier publications , so Fefferman will have to trawl through those too .
The earlier papers are in peer - reviewed journals or are listed as " to appear " in such journals .
" That increases the probability that they 're right , but for something this important I would n't trust that , " says Fefferman .
Smith used to attend seminars , she says , with Grigory Perelman , the Russian mathematician who is believed to have solved another of the Millennium Prize Problems : the proof of the Poincaré Conjecture .
He recently turned down the most prestigious prize in mathematics , a Fields medal ( see ' Maths ' Nobel ' prize declined by Russian recluse ' ) ; it is rumoured he would not accept a Clay million if it was offered to him .
ADVERTISEMENT
Like Perelman , Smith says that she is motivated by the mathematics , not the money .
She hopes to serve as a role model for women in mathematics .
" On the other hand , I certainly want the prize , " she says .
James Carlson , president of the Clay Mathematics Institute , says he is seeking opinions on the paper , but adds , " It is far too early to say whether it is correct or not . "
To win the prize , Smith 's work will have to withstand two years of scrutiny after appearing in a peer - reviewed journal .
Visit our famousmathsproblembeen.html " > newsblog to read and post comments about this story .
Lehigh University
Corrected : UPDATE 9 Oct 2006 : On 8 October , Penny Smith wrote to Nature to say : " I have just found a serious flaw in the paper and have withdrawn it . "
The work has been pulled from arXiv .
I ask Alastair what was the best thing about being educated in this way .
" I could study the word of God every day rather than defending it every day , " he states .
What did he feel he missed by not being in school ?
" Temptation , " he says , and stops .
Alastair is now a tall , formally dressed young man with a direct gaze and a firm handshake , who works for Christian Education Europe .
The organisation aims to encourage more families to do as Alastair 's parents did and withdraw children from state schools to bring them up as passionate Christians .
" Reaching the world for Christ , one child at a time " is its motto .
Although few people outside evangelical churches have even heard of it , more than 500 families in Britain are currently educating their children at home with the curriculum that Alastair 's family used .
Accelerated Christian Education was developed in the 1970s by American fundamentalists , but its popularity is now growing in the UK , and not only among home - schooling families - more than 50 schools in Britain are using it .
The main teaching tools are booklets relating to each subject - the children read a section and then fill in a questionnaire .
When I visit the office for Christian Education Europe , in Swindon , I meet one of the directors , Arthur Roderick , who tells me with great gusto that they are getting more and more inquiries every year .
" More people understand why we do this now .
Black is getting blacker and white is getting whiter , " he says , with the rolling rhetoric that betrays his long experience as a preacher .
Roderick points to two big maps on his office wall , one dotted with red stars to show the location of ACE schools and one studded with blue pins to show ACE home - schooling families .
They are like the maps of a military manoeuvre and the stars and pins are everywhere .
" They go from the wilds of Scotland to the middle of London , " as Roderick puts it .
But he is n't yet satisfied , feeling that too many people are choosing this kind of education just because they dislike the state system .
" The flood will come , " he says , " when God touches more people to do it for positive reasons . "
Much concern has been expressed about independent faith schools in Britain lately , but the anxiety is always concentrated on independent Muslim schools and what children are learning there .
Independent Christian schools , on the other hand , are pretty much ignored .
The chief inspector of schools , David Bell , for example , recently criticised independent Muslim schools for failing to teach tolerance of other cultures .
But after he had made that speech , his office released information that showed evangelical Christian schools are actually even less successful at that task .
Legislation lays down that independent schools can go their own way in many things - they do not have to abide by the national curriculum - but they must " assist pupils to acquire an appreciation of and respect for their own and other cultures , in a way that promotes tolerance and harmony " , and of the 40 evangelical Christian schools that were not yet fully registered by Ofsted , 18 had failed on that count .
The evangelical schools that I visit have , in fact , been deemed to succeed in that requirement , even though they do not see it as their brief to talk about other faiths at all .
Where other faiths , or even branches of the same faith , are discussed in the ACE booklets , the tone is telling .
One social studies booklet on Martin Luther and the Reformation , for instance , is critical of the Catholic church in the 16th century and also , by implication , today , using such words as " idolatry " and " superstitious nonsense " to characterise supposedly Catholic teachings , and inviting children to underline the " correct " Protestant beliefs .
At the Maranatha Christian School near Swindon , 60 children are taught with ACE , which emphasises at every turn that evangelical Christianity is the only route to the truth .
In this way it differs fundamentally from the education provided at state faith schools , which put religious education alongside the national curriculum - and can accept children from other faiths and employ teachers from other faiths .
At Maranatha , all the families and teachers are literally singing from the same hymn sheet .
The school building is an old farmhouse near Swindon , in a picture - postcard village on the hills .
If you wandered into any of the classrooms here during an ordinary weekday , the first thing to strike you would simply be the absolute quietness that reigns under the big posters stating : " God loves the sparrow , " or " God made everything in heaven and earth . "
The children in these classrooms , who are aged all the way up to 18 , are sitting at individual desks facing the wall , with high dividers between them so that each has to work alone .
This is a characteristic of ACE - discussion with fellow students or a teacher is not encouraged and the pupil studies , in silence , the booklets which begin with Bible verses and thread homilies on good Christian morals through every subject .
Leah , a 13 - year - old girl with a ready smile and her hair in pretty clips , moved from a state school to this establishment three years ago .
" I had mixed feelings but now I like it a lot , " she says .
" Sometimes I miss my old friends but I do n't think I 'd like it at their school - the peer pressure and everything . "
I pick up from her desk a booklet bearing the word " science " on its cover and open it at random .
" I 'm certain that you will be very interested in learning about God 's creation of Earth for human existence .
In his loving kindness our Heavenly Father has provided for all your needs from His earthly creation , " reads the first paragraph I see .
Some British state schools have been criticised for putting the creation and evolution as equivalent viewpoints in religious education lessons , but for children at ACE schools the literal interpretation of Genesis permeates everything they are taught .
And for the parents who choose schools like this , such literal use of the Bible is the draw .
Tom Price has five children at the school , and loves that they are being taught that the six - day creation story is a fact .
" Evolution removes God from the world .
But I see God 's hand in everything .
I see purpose and design , " he enthuses .
Price is a lay preacher in a Pentecostal church , Assemblies of God .
" I do n't want to have to undo and unpick what they are taught at school . "
In addition to frequent incursions of the Bible , ACE also delivers a pretty solid , old - fashioned grounding in other areas .
It begins with reading based on the newly fashionable synthetic phonics , and moves on to other core school subjects - maths , history , geography , physics , languages and so on .
What stands out is the traditional delivery of the information with none of the role - play and speculation of current mainstream curricula .
This is all about getting your head around the " facts " then retelling those " facts " in multiple choice and fill - in - the - blanks tests .
Although that means children learn the basics in a way that many state - educated pupils may not , it also means they do not learn to question anything they are taught .
Harry Brighouse , professor of philosophy and education policy studies at the University of Wisconsin , Madison , has watched the expansion of ACE in America with distaste .
" It is a crude curriculum .
It does n't encourage questioning or individual thought - it is very much based on rote learning . "
What is undeniably attractive about this curriculum - even for the sceptical observer - is the way that it moves at the same pace as the child .
With ACE , children are assessed on entry and progress at their own speed , working through booklets and doing the tests at the end of each one before they can move on to the next .
They work mainly alone , but if they get stuck they put a little flag up in their cubicle and a supervisor will help out .
This flexible pace with its built - in checks can clearly work for children who have fallen through gaps in the state system .
One of the parents I meet at Maranatha , Sharon McGowan , has four children at the school .
It was the experience of her nine - year - old son that made her turn to Maranatha .
During his first year at state school he had a new teacher who had no idea how to teach ; during the second year his teacher was off sick and he had a succession of supply tutors .
He began to fail .
" He really struggled , " Sharon says .
" He was a proud little boy and when he had to start special classes it had a real effect on his self - esteem .
I was worried that he would compensate with difficult behaviour , and I could see that starting to happen . "
Within one year of starting at Maranatha he had caught up .
" He 's blossomed . "
Although Sharon 's husband 's work is now likely to take them away from Swindon , Sharon is so keen on ACE that she intends to educate all her children at home with it .
Another parent , Des Starritt , tells me that one reason he wanted to withdraw his children from state school is that they were given books about witchcraft there .
At first I do n't understand , but then I click - he means books by JK Rowling or Philip Pullman .
" We would not put Harry Potter in the school library , " says Paul Medlock , the Maranatha headmaster .
" It is a book without proper values , " says Ben Pike .
" It treats witchcraft lightly . "
Pike is one of the trustees of the school , a 32 - year - old who works for an IT training company and has three sons at the school .
He emphasises that the parents support the school 's message .
" We come from a range of backgrounds here , " he says , " but we have all put our trust in Christ to be our Lord and saviour . "
The range of backgrounds is not actually that great at Maranatha ; almost all the families are white , tending to the less affluent end of the middle class .
In London , ACE schools tend to be established by independent churches with Afro-Caribbean congregations .
One such school , the East London Christian Choir School , in Hackney , was set up just a year ago and has a very different setting from the bucolic beauty of Maranatha .
An apparently derelict old council building has been carefully done up to provide a small church , offices , cybercafe , and three classrooms , inside which 30 children are working in the distinctive ACE style .
" Good morning , Pastor George .
Good morning , Miss , " they chorus , turning as I come through the door with their headmaster .
This school , church and community centre are the creation of two pastors , Maxine and George Hargreaves , who have a vision for this deprived community .
George Hargreaves is a charismatic , articulate man in his late 40s , who recently stood for election for the fundamentalist Christian political party , Operation Christian Vote .
He recognises that one of the main reasons children are finding their way to this school is that the state system is failing them .
" The fact that even Diane Abbott , our MP , had to take her son out of the state schools shows you what it is like for black children in Hackney , " he says .
ACE schools are much cheaper than other independent schools : the reliance on pen-and - paper learning cuts out the need for big investment in resources - they tend not to have science labs , for instance - and the staff ( who are often not qualified teachers ) are propelled by belief in God to work for very little .
By keeping their fees low - this school charges less than £ 4,000 a year - they provide an alternative to the state system for people who might otherwise have no alternative .
Undoubtedly it works for some .
One 14 - year - old boy here had behavioural problems that had led to his exclusion from a previous school .
" But when we actually got the report from that school , " says Maxine , " which followed him quite late , we could n't believe it .
He had only been with us for a few months , but it was as though they were describing a different human being .
I believe he could go to university . "
Later I meet the boy she is talking about , working through a booklet giving him comprehension and handwriting practice .
" I like working like this , " he says of the solitary space around him .
" It helps me to concentrate .
It was hard to work at my old school . "
A couple of the parents are in the classrooms on the morning I visit , and they talk about the way the children are kept free of the peer pressure and low expectations that can have such a negative effect on black children in state schools .
Connie Solwah , a former lawyer who works in beauty consultancy , tells me that she moved her nine - year - old daughter out of a state faith school because she felt her potential was not being recognised .
" I think it was partly about racism .
It is n't easy for me to meet the fees here but it 's worth it for what will come out eventually .
I want her to develop herself and get the chance to spread out her potential and character . "
I can see that here the staff strive to give children a sense of pride .
But their learning is shaped by the narrowest interpretation of the Bible with all the preconceptions of this religious bias , including a very particular approach to sex education .
Maxine responds first when I ask the Hargreaves about the subject .
" We talk to the older girls about virginity , " she says .
George takes up the theme .
" We tell them that the blood shed when virginity is broken on the marriage bed is part of the blood covenant made between you and your husband under God , and if the blood is shed elsewhere it will weaken the covenant . "
A few moments later , George reaches into his pocket for a tiny pink plastic doll foetus , and drops it into my hand : " 180,000 babies like that are killed every year in Britain .
That is what happens when you take sex out of God 's order . "
For parents who mistrust mainstream education , the ACE system provides the means to avoid it completely .
The curriculum is easy for parents to use at home because all the information is contained in the booklets , which also provide self - tests and which progress neatly from level to level .
And by withdrawing children from school altogether , of course , parents can exercise even more control over what their children think and read and say .
I watch Arthur Roderick play to that desire for control when he speaks at a seminar for ACE home - schooling families .
" The deepest temptation is up here , " he says fiercely , pointing to his forehead .
" Philosophical pollution is all around them . "
Beverley England , who is in the small audience of parents , has already made the choice to save her family from such pollution .
She has educated her six children , aged from 20 to two , at home with ACE .
Beverley , who found Jesus as a teenager , never wanted her children to leave her home in order to enter the secular system .
" I did n't worry that they might be isolated , " she tells me .
" I knew that if God wanted us to do this he would provide , and he has brought friends to us . "
Sean , Beverley 's second oldest child , is wearing a baseball cap and jeans , playing jazz piano in another schoolroom while keeping half an eye on some of the younger children .
His parents made sure that music and sport went alongside the core ACE curriculum - and he is very positive about his education .
" It helped me to motivate myself - I 'm a really competitive person and learning to set goals for yourself was really good for me , " he says easily .
Sean has a ready smile and an easy articulacy ; there is a confidence about him that I also pick up from other older children in this system .
Although there is clearly a danger that children educated with ACE , especially at home , could end up unsocialised , it seems to me after meeting a few of them that they are no less socialised than the average product of a mainstream education system that tips a whole lot of 13 - year - olds into a classroom together and expects them to get on .
Sean , for instance , found friends in his neighbourhood through church and sport and music - the way that adults make friends , through shared interests .
Although ACE - educated children do not take GCSE or A - levels , their own qualification , the International Certificate of Christian Education , is now recognised by more and more universities and colleges , so they have the chance to enter mainstream further education .
Aside from Sean , who is planning to become a professional musician , I meet other successful ACE alumni , including the son of the headmaster of Maranatha School , Matthew Medlock , a graduate from Durham University who wants to work as a sports journalist .
And I hear of ACE children who go on to enter various mainstream occupations , from nursing to IT - or , of course , to " do the Lord 's work " themselves , like Alastair Kirk .
But I am mindful that , as a journalist , I am unlikely to be introduced to the children who lost out in this system , who rebelled against it , or who felt trapped within it .
Because the question still burns about how this kind of education can possibly prepare children to make their own intellectual choices .
In the US , where ACE is a much bigger force , that is really what exercises its critics .
One American educationalist who is hostile to fundamentalist Christian education , David Berliner of Arizona University , has complained that in ACE schools " nearly all speculative activities about the world and the human condition have been purged from the curriculum and so , therefore , have all of the teaching methodologies that promote speculation . "
A style of education that discourages doubt and debate clearly poses a question for the rest of society .
As David Berliner says to me , " Their educational system is closer to ultrafundamentalism than is healthy for a democracy . "
Yet ACE schools are independent , they ask for no state support , and families who choose to educate their children at home do so in the face of indifference or hostility from local authorities .
Are n't they just exercising their own right to free choice as to how their children should be educated ?
So long as their children reach a reasonable standard of learning , has anyone the right to interfere ?
Ben Rogers , the associate director of the thinktank Institute for Public Policy Research , produced a recent report , What Is Religious Education For ? which argued that discussion of atheism and agnosticism should be included within religious education for all children .
" There is this view that parents own their children , " he says .
" Nobody owns kids .
Children are n't yours to control , you hold them in trust , and you should cultivate certain qualities in them , including the ability to understand the value of different points of view . "
The future is likely to see more of this debate , since most of the people I interviewed believed that independent fundamentalist education is set to spread in the UK , partly because of the inspiration evangelical Christians seem to take from what 's happening across the Atlantic .
Ben Pike talked wistfully to me at Maranatha School about the way that evangelical churches in the US have managed to bring so many children into their independent schools and home - schooling networks .
" America provides us with a vision for the future , " he says .
In the US evangelicals have effectively created a parallel system of education which has schooled hundreds of thousands of pupils in its messianic world view and the evangelical social and political agenda has moved into the mainstream .
Evangelical Christianity is far from being such a force in Britain , but it is clearly the desire of many of those I met that it should become so .
They are being inspired by the growing confidence of other faith groups .
Supporters of ACE talked admiringly of Muslims who make it clear they do not wish to join the mainstream .
Fundamentalist Christians point enviously to the fact that more children are currently educated in Muslim independent schools than independent evangelical Christian schools - about 14,000 compared with about 5,000 - and independent Muslim schools are growing more quickly .
Rather than confronting this sectarianism with a call to inclusiveness , they would like to react with further sectarianism of their own .
The goal is a more , rather than less , divided society .
" Christians have been leaving it to the government to decide on their values , while Muslims have said , ' This is mine , this is my culture , this is who I am ' , " says Maxine Hargreaves .
" Now we Christians are saying that we want to defend our culture , too .
We want to take back our children . "
At least we know those chemical - residue detectors are working :
The punch line is that my bag tested positive for nitroglycerine residue .
Which is , in hindsight , totally not unexpected , since it has been home to several bottles of nitro spray that at one point or another have found their way into my pockets and then into my bag .
( Do n’t look at me like that — I ’m not stealing the damn drug .
It ’s just that it ’s frequently easier to shove them in a pants pocket rather than keep fishing for one at the bedside or whatever , and besides , we ’ve now gone to single - patient use sprays so that once you use one on one patient , it ’s fininshed . )
Whether one discharged , or leaked , or whatevered in my bag , it somehow got NTG molecules all over the place , and that ’s what the detector picked up .
The guy said this happens all the time but I ’m not so sure , and in any event I ’m not even remotely certain how I could go about getting the NTG residue off my bag so this does n’t happen in the future .
NTG spray has a pretty distinctive smell .
All I can smell in my bag is consumer electronics , so it must have been some minute amount somewhere .
Self - Censorship Threatens the West
All across the Western world , a worrisome phenomenon is spreading .
Fear of incurring Muslim wrath is leading politicians , journalists , artists , professors , teachers and business owners to censor themselves .
A series of historical precursors paved the way for things to come .
The fatwa issued in 1989 by Ayatollah Khomeini against the life of " The Satanic Verses " author Salman Rushdie , the 2004 murder of Dutch " Submission " filmmaker Theo Van Gogh and last year 's Danish cartoon controversy are just a few .
Each time , blasphemy was the claim and violence the solution .
The recent comments of Pope Benedict XVI opened the floodgates once again .
During a speech at the University of Regensberg in Germany , the pope quoted a 14th century Byzantine Christian emperor on warlike tendencies within Islam and then expounded on the need to for all faiths to emphasize reason over violence .
Ironically , the pope 's words led to Muslims reacting violently .
As in times past , we saw effigy burnings , rioting and death threats , with the added dimension of a virulent strain of anti-Christian violence .
Churches were vandalized and firebombed in the West Bank and Gaza , Christians in Muslim countries were attacked and a 65 - year - old Catholic nun was murdered in Somalia .
As usual , apologies were demanded and when given , as in the case of the pope , they were spurned for not being abject enough .
The very idea that sparking an interfaith dialogue through theological discussion should be deemed worthy of an apology , not to mention a death sentence , has apparently become acceptable in the Western media .
A New York Times editorial scolded the pope for his insensitivity , while other voices in the media decried the " bad timing " of the pope 's words in light of an upcoming trip to Turkey .
Operatic Outrage
But there is never a good time to broach the topic of Islam and reform , for the tyranny of the mob rises up at every turn .
And with each success at silencing critics , it only becomes more emboldened .
Indeed , in the wake of the reaction to the pope 's comments , the situation seems to have spiraled out of control .
But this time it 's self - censorship that has taken hold .
Last month for example , word came that the Deutsche Oper in Berlin would be canceling an upcoming production of a 1774 Mozart opera out of fear of provoking violence .
The production of " Idomeneo " was to feature an added scene from director Hans Neuenfels showing the King of Crete holding aloft the severed heads of Buddha , Jesus , Poseidon and Muhammad .
While this scene reeks of the sort of juvenile , sensationalistic , anti-religious sentiment popular in the arts these days , it was not the Buddhists or the Christians -- let alone followers of the ancient Greek gods -- who caused Kirsten Harms , the chief director , to cancel the opera .
Instead , she was contacted by Berlin police about an anonymous threat that had been made against the opera house , a threat they had reason to believe was Islamist in nature .
In what is perhaps a hopeful sign , the decision to cancel the production has been widely criticized in Germany , with self - censorship being a continuing theme .
Chancellor Angela Merkel stated that " self - censorship motivated by fear is not acceptable , " while the Financial Times Deutschland agreed that " the self - censorship of the Deutsche Oper is hysterical and stupid . "
Indeed , the criticism has been such that Harms is considering reinstating the production and mainstream German Muslim organizations have apparently voiced their support .
Of course , the reaction of the larger Muslim world should the production go forward remains to be seen .
Real and Imaginary Threats
Another case of self - censorship that 's reared its ugly head in the wake of the pope 's speech involves the publishing company Looseleaf Law Publications .
Looseleaf was set to publish a book this November written by psychoanalyst Dr. Nancy Kobrin and titled " The Sheikh 's New Cloth : The Naked Truth About Islamic Suicide Terrorism " when they abruptly canceled because of concerns over the safety of their staff .
The subject of the book may have had a little something to do with their fears .
According to feminist , psychotherapist and author Phyllis Chesler , who wrote the introduction , the book sheds light on " the normalization of cruelty and child abuse , including pederasty and daughter - abuse that is pandemic in the Arab Muslim world " and " focuses on the degradation of women in the Islamic world and how that is a crucial factor in suicide terrorism . "
Fearing that the book could lead to violence , and being a small publisher without the funds to provide security to members of its staff , Looseleaf pulled the plug .
Fortunately , the blogosphere - inspired publicity surrounding the case has led to offers from two other publishers , so Kobrin 's book may yet come out .
But the fact that publishers such as Looseleaf are giving up the prize without a fight says a lot about the effectiveness of intimidation .
French Author In Hiding
Robert Redeker , a high school philosophy teacher , journalist and author in France , has also run up against the ramifications of critiquing Islam .
Redeker and his family are in hiding after death threats were posted on Islamist Web sites following his Sept. 19 op - ed piece in the French newspaper Le Figaro .
Titled " Facing Fundamentalist Intimidation , What Should the Free World Do ? "
Redeker 's op - ed warns against the totalitarian creep of Islamism in the West .
Predictably , much of the focus has been on the more inflammatory sections of Redeker 's article , such as his calling the Koran " a book of incredible violence " and Muhammad " a merciless warlord , a looter , a butcher of Jews and a polygamist . "
But while these are strong words , they should hardly be anathema to a society that claims to support free speech .
As Redeker put it , " The Islamists have succeeded in punishing me on French territory as if I were guilty of a crime of opinion . "
Until recently , the French have been slow to rise to Redeker 's defense .
Although provided with police protection , Redecker has had to arrange for his own safe houses .
After initially being ignored by the French Education Ministry , Redeker finally received half - hearted support from Education Minister Gilles de Robien , who urged him to be " careful , moderate and sensible . "
Prime Minister Dominique de Villepin responded similarly , saying , " Everyone has the right to express his views freely , while respecting others , of course . "
One would think that those issuing death threats would be in need of lessons on respecting others , not someone that simply expressed an opinion .
To their credit , a group of French intellectuals , including philosophers Bernard - Henri Lévy , Alain Finkielkraut and André Glucksmann , have rallied around Redeker .
In addition , the French Jewish umbrella group CRIF has called on French authorities to protect Redeker and to help him secure another teaching job .
Meanwhile , leaders of mainstream French Muslim organizations have condemned the death threats .
But comments such as those from Oxford Islamic Studies professor Tariq Ramadan , who called Redeker 's article a " stupidly provocative text " provide a glimpse into the sort of mind - set Redeker initially warned against .
Until legitimate criticism of Islam is no longer considered " provocative , " this pattern of self - censorship is likely to continue .
For fear is an incredibly effective weapon .
There is more than one way to win a war , and societies that are weakened from within can be overtaken without firing a shot .
The steady erosion of principles such as free speech can have a devastating effect .
Both for the sake of the West and the possibility of reform within the Muslim world , the critics must not be silenced .
Relativity visualized
The theory of relativity holds a certain fascination for many people .
At the same time it is often regarded as very abstract and difficult to understand .
Part of the difficulties in understanding relativity are due to the fact that relativistic effects contradict everyday experience .
Motion , for example , is a familiar process and everybody " knows from experience " that it entails neither time dilation nor length contraction .
A flight with half the speed of light could correct this misjudgement but is not on offer .
A possible alternative are simulations .
Images , films and virtual reality let us in a sense experience relativistic flights , gravitational collapse , compact objects and other extreme conditions .
Untitled Document
Season
Shot is made of tightly packed seasoning bound by a fully biodegradable food product .
The seasoning is actually injected into the bird on impact seasoning the meat from the inside out .
When the bird is cooked the seasoning pellets melt into the meat spreading the flavor to the entire bird .
Forget worrying about shot breaking your teeth and start wondering about which flavor shot to use !
Load your gun with Season Shot and let the hunt begin .
Watch as your bird is seasoned on impact leaving no harmful waste behind in the environment .
Forget about removing shot , prepare the whole bird for dinner !
The Season Shot pellets will melt in the oven seasoning the entire bird .
Enjoy !
No wasted time , no wasted meat , no waste left behind .
Finally there 's a better way !
Untitled Document
PR
最初に断っておくと，今回のテーマである「偽装請負」と，全国を震撼させている「耐震強度偽装」とは，ほとんど関係がない。共通点を挙げるとすれば，「違法行為だが，もしかしたらどの企業もやっているかもしれない」という疑惑が持たれている点だ。ちなみに偽装請負の詳細は，日経ソリューションビジネスの2005年12月30日号に記事を掲載している。読まれた方には，内容に重なる点もあるがご容赦願いたい。
さて，話を戻す。まず最初に，システム開発・運用現場の例をいくつか挙げる。
（1）ユーザー企業のシステム開発・運用業務で，2次請け・3次請け企業のIT技術者が常駐し，ユーザー企業のシステム担当者から直接指示を受けている
（2）元請けシステム・インテグレータに，3次請け・4次請け企業のIT技術者が常駐して，元請け企業のマネジャーやSEから直接指示を受けて開発している
（3）常駐している3次請け，4次請け企業のIT技術者に対する残業や休日出勤の指示を，元請け企業のマネジャーやSEが直接出している
「あ，うちの現場が当てはまる」。こう思った方は注意が必要だ。上記はいずれも「偽装請負」と呼ばれ，最悪1年以下の懲役または100万円以下の罰金となる重大な違法行為である。ちなみに，「下請けのソフトハウスが会議ではいつも進ちょくは順調と言うのに，納期直前になると決まって間に合わないと言い出す」と胃を痛める機会が多い方は，管理能力不足が原因でない限り，法律を守っている可能性が高い。
偽装請負とは，書類上は請負契約もしくは業務委託契約（以下，請負契約）でありながら，開発・運用担当者を実質的に「派遣」として働かせて利益を得る行為のことをいう。ちなみに客先に常駐すること自体は違法ではなく，労働者への指示や時間管理をしていることが問題となる。IT業界で多いのは偽装請負の中でも，2次請け，3次請けの技術者をユーザー企業や元請け企業に派遣する「多重派遣」のケースである。
多重派遣は労働者派遣法でも禁止されているため，労働者派遣法違反ととらえる経営者が多いが，実際にはより処罰が重い職業安定法違反が適用される。偽装請負は，職業安定法第44条で禁止された労働者供給事業に当たるからだ。第44条は，労働者供給事業者から供給される労働者を使うことも禁止しているため，ユーザー企業や元請け企業も処罰の対象となる。
実際，偽装請負に手を染めた企業が摘発されて新聞沙汰になるケースも珍しくない。IT業界でも2004年末の東京労働局による調査で，システム・インテグレータとユーザー企業の両方が職業安定法違反として指導を受けた。
A new book by a former White House official says that President Bush ’s top political advisors privately ridiculed evangelical supporters as “ nuts ” and “ goofy ” while embracing them in public and using their votes to help win elections .
The former official also writes that the White House office of faith - based initiatives , which Bush promoted as a nonpolitical effort to support religious social - service organizations , was told to host pre-election events designed to mobilize religious voters who would most likely favor Republican candidates .
The assertions by David Kuo , a top official in the faith - based initiatives program , have rattled Republican strategists already struggling to persuade evangelical voters to turn out this fall for the GOP .
Some conservatives lamented Thursday that the book , “ Tempting Faith : An Inside Story of Political Seduction , ” also comes in the midst of the scandal involving former Rep. Mark Foley , another threat to conservative turnout in competitive House and Senate races .
Advertisement
The book is scheduled to be in stores Monday , but the White House responded to its assertions Thursday .
In the book , Kuo , who quit the White House in 2003 , accuses Karl Rove ’s political staff of cynically hijacking the faith - based initiatives idea for electoral gain .
It assails Bush for failing to live up to his promises of boosting the role of religious organizations in delivering social services .
White House strategists “ knew ‘ the nuts ’ were politically invaluable , but that was the extent of their usefulness , ” Kuo writes , according to the cable channel MSNBC , which obtained an advance copy .
“ Sadly , the political affairs folks complained most often and most loudly about how boorish many politically involved Christians were ....
National Christian leaders received hugs and smiles in person and then were dismissed behind their backs and described as ‘ ridiculous ’ and ‘ out of control . ’ ”
Advertisement
It is unclear whether Kuo identifies any specific official as having used the dismissive language .
The book says that before the 2002 elections , then - White House political director Ken Mehlman issued “ marching orders ” to use the faith - based initiative in 20 House and Senate races , according to MSNBC .
To avoid appearing overtly political , Mehlman said his staff would arrange for congressional offices to request visits from the faith - based program officials .
Throughout the 2002 and 2004 campaigns , faith - based officials would meet with lawmakers in some places in an effort to generate publicity for them , while also hosting conferences in battleground states attracting hundreds of pastors and community activists eager to learn how to apply for federal grants .
A spokeswoman for Mehlman , who is now chairman of the Republican National Committee , said he did not recall the directives mentioned by Kuo .
As political director , she said , “ it was Mehlman ’s job to both engage outside groups and inform decision makers in the White House about support for the president ’s agenda . ”
Advertisement
Kuo is scheduled to appear Sunday on CBS ’ “ 60 Minutes ” as part of a rollout arranged by his publisher , Simon & Schuster , which shares a corporate parent with CBS .
Despite a publisher - enforced embargo , a copy of the book was purchased early at a Manhattan bookstore by a producer for MSNBC ’s “ Countdown , ” a spokesman for the cable channel said .
Program host Keith Olbermann began reading excerpts on his Wednesday show .
Kuo ’s descriptions could do political damage to a Republican Party that has staked its formula for success on motivating the conservative base .
“ Here we go again , ” said Paul M. Weyrich , a leading religious conservative with close ties to the White House , referring to the avalanche of negative factors that he predicted would keep “ embarrassed Republicans ” from voting , just as the Watergate scandal did in the 1970s .
“ If Republicans win , it will prove God is a Republican , since it will take a miracle . ”
Advertisement
Weyrich said Kuo , while still a White House official , told him of frustrations that the faith - based program had become entangled in politics .
The initiative had been a signature proposal by Bush in the 2000 campaign but lost momentum amid partisan battles on Capitol Hill and the intense focus on security after the Sept. 11 attacks .
Weyrich said that Bush and many of his aides were genuinely interested in the program .
But , he added , “ I do n’t have any illusions about Rove .
I think that he advocates conservatism because he believes it ’s the way to win . ”
The White House denied Kuo ’s account with help Thursday from two former officials popular among evangelicals -- former speechwriter Michael Gerson and former faith - based initiative director Jim Towey .
Gerson called Kuo ’s account “ laughable , ” while Towey cited a December 2002 e-mail from Kuo expressing positive feelings about the program ’s progress in promoting “ compassionate conservatism . ”
Advertisement
“ He does n’t seem to have been working at the same White House where I worked , ” Towey said .
“ I had marching orders from the president to keep the faith - based initiative nonpolitical , and I did . ”
Still , neither Gerson nor Towey denied Kuo ’s assertion that politics did factor into the initiative .
“ Ken Mehlman was doing his job , which was to worry about races , ” said Towey , who is currently president of St. Vincent College , a Catholic school in Pennsylvania .
Towey ’s travel took him to a number of battleground states in 2002 , but he said that he also visited places such as Boston that were not important to the GOP ’s electoral goals .
Advertisement
And in addition to meetings with Republicans , he said he appeared in public with Democrats such as former Sen .
Tom Daschle of South Dakots , who was running for reelection , and Rep. Harold E. Ford Jr. of Tennessee , who is running this year for the Senate .
Kuo is not the first insider to accuse the White House of politicizing the faith - based program .
John J. DiIulio Jr. , the first director of the Office of Faith - Based and Community Initiatives , resigned after seven months and was quoted as saying that the White House was run by “ Mayberry Machiavellians ” who sometimes put politics ahead of other causes .
While many Democrats opposed the initiative as a violation of church - state separation , the White House used the program to build alliances with prominent African American ministers , some of whom switched political allegiances to back Bush .
It was part of a larger minority outreach program designed by Rove and other conservative activists to slice off pieces of the traditional Democratic coalitions in order to build a lasting GOP majority .
peter.wallsten@latimes.com
AMERICAN consumers have little choice when it comes to cable television .
If you want ESPN , you must pay for 60 - plus channels that you may never watch .
If your child loves Nickelodeon , your family must pay for the same 60 - plus channels , some of which may not be suitable for young children .
Now , imagine deciding for yourself which TV channels you want to purchase .
You could select the channels you want to pay for , and opt out of those you do n’t .
In fact , right now millions of TV viewers outside the U.S. have these choices .
They buy their television channels individually or in smaller bundles -- and get better deals as a result .
Why ca n’t Americans do this now ?
Because there is too little competition , too much regulation and not enough consumer choice in the cable TV business .
As a result , in just the last two years alone cable prices have increased at twice the rate of inflation -- and more than 90 % since 1995 .
Cable companies explain away their skyrocketing prices by saying they are giving you more and more channels .
At no time , however , have the cable companies actually asked if you want those additional channels .
You have to pay for them whether you want them or not .
The solution to high cable bills is n’t price controls or additional government regulation .
It is more competition and more choice .
For that reason , Congress should pass the proposed Consumers Having Options in Cable Entertainment Act -- the CHOICE Act -- which is being introduced today .
It would allow cable companies to compete nationally for your business ( rather than only at the local level ) in exchange for agreeing to offer channels a la carte , either individually or in smaller bundles .
The Government Accountability Office has found that cable rates are 15 % lower when a community has at least two companies competing for consumers .
The Federal Communications Commission found that consumers could lower their monthly cable bill by as much as 13 % if they had a la carte programming options .
Advertisement
And parents would never be forced to purchase a slew of channels , some not suitable for young children , simply to receive those channels that their family enjoys watching together .
Real - world examples illustrate the benefits of greater choice and more competition coming through our TV sets .
In Hong Kong , viewers can select and pay for only the channels they want .
A family that wants to watch sports , movies , news and children ’s programming can receive 15 free channels plus a selection of 11 additional digital channels ( including ESPN , HBO , CNN Headline News , National Geographic Channel , Animal Planet and Discovery Channel ) for only $ 27.50 a month .
To get a package that includes those channels in Washington , the cost is $ 82 per month -- almost $ 1,000 a year .
That ’s quite a difference .
Similarly , in Canada , digital subscribers can buy channels individually or enjoy significant savings on a “ 5 pack , ” a “ 10 pack ” or a “ 15 pack ” of their own choosing .
Interestingly , the same companies that oppose selling channels individually or in smaller packages in the U.S. offer their programming a la carte in other countries .
Their threats of financial ruin and a loss of diverse programming have proved hollow .
American consumers want these companies to offer such choices .
According to a recent AP - Ipsos poll , 78 % of respondents said they would prefer to choose and pay for their own tailored selection of channels .
Advertisement
Today , cable choice and competition have been successful around the world .
Consumers in Hong Kong , Britain , India and Canada are reaping the rewards of greater choice from channels being offered on an a la carte basis .
So why not increase competition in the U.S. and at the same time make sure that companies offer us true choice in cable programming ?
By now , most people are familiar with the letter written by Rep. Virgil Goode , in response to reports that Rep.-elect Keith Ellison plans to use the Koran when he is sworn into office .
Goode said , in part :
When I raise my hand to take the oath on Swearing In Day , I will have the Bible in my other hand .
I do not subscribe to using the Koran in any way . [...]
I fear that in the next century we will have many more Muslims in the United States if we do not adopt the strict immigration policies that I believe are necessary to preserve the values and beliefs traditional to the United States of America ...
As long as I have the honor of representing the citizens of the 5th District of Virginia in the United States House of Representatives , The Koran is not going to be on the wall of my office .
Naturally , Goode 's bigoted letter triggered protests from civil rights groups and The Council on American - Islamic Relations , who asked Goode to retract his comments .
But Goode refuses , saying :
I wish more people would take a stand and stand up for the principles on which this country was founded .
Good idea , Mr. Goode .
Perhaps more people , like you , should take a few minutes to read the words of another Virginian :
Whereas Almighty God hath created the mind free ; that all attempts to influence it by temporal punishments or burthens , or by civil incapacitations , tend only to beget habits of hypocrisy and meanness , and are a departure from the plan of the Holy author of our religion , who being Lord both of body and mind , yet chose not to propagate it by coercions on either , as was in his almighty power to do ; that the impious presumption of legislators and rulers , civil as well as ecclesiastical , who being themselves but fallible and uninspired men , have assumed dominion over the faith of others , setting up their own opinions and modes of thinking as the only true and infallible , and as such endeavouring to impose them on others [...]
Be it enacted by the General assembly , that no man shall be compelled to frequent or support any religious worship , place , or ministry whatsoever , nor shall be enforced , restrained , molested , or burthened in his body or goods , not shall otherwise suffer on account of his religious opinions or belief ; but that all men shall be free to profess , and by argument to maintain , their opinion in matters of religion , that that the same shall in no wise diminish , enlarge , or affect their civil capacities .
Perhaps Rep. Goode should stand up for the words of Thomas Jefferson in his Statute of Religious Freedom .
Rogue Amoeba ’s a relatively young company , founded just over 4 years ago .
If we had a brick and mortar store , we could n’t put up a “ Since 2002 ” sign – we were n’t even around the last time Apple was “ beleaguered ” .
But in the scheme of Mac OS X software companies , it would seem that we ’re part of the old school .
This realization came at C4 , when I had a long discussion with Gus Mueller and Brent Simmons , creators of VoodooPad and NetNewsWire , respectively .
These are two applications I use regularly , made by two friends of mine , and they ’re great examples of software that rose to prominence using standard widgets almost exclusively1 .
These applications are n’t flashy ( though they ’re certainly not ugly ) , but they are very , very functional .
We flatter ourselves that Rogue Amoeba ’s applications follow that same model – functional , with a clean , usable design .
Anyhow , the three of us realized that after developing on Mac OS X for just a few years , we felt like not just part of the old school of Mac developers , but the crotchety old men of the Mac software industry .
In the past year or so , Mac development had shifted from applications providing new functionality that appeared at the dawn of OS X to applications ( and ideas ) built around flash and sizzle , with plenty of marketing hype to fuel the fire .
This had created something of a toxic atmosphere in the Mac development world .
A rift between the old school , with its plain but functional apps , and the new school of flashy but frivolous apps , has developed .
Talking ’bout Their Generation
While talking with Brent and Gus , I dubbed this new school “ The Delicious Generation ” .
Many of the design and marketing ideas of this new school seem to be derived from the successes of Delicious Library2 , and I ’m sure many members of this generation would readily and happily list it as an influence .
So at the risk of increasing Wil Shipley ’s ego ( and starting a meme ) , the Delicious Generation is the term I ’ll be using for the new school .
The old school needs no other name .
Who Are You ?
Who , Who , Who , Who ?
Perhaps the most prominent current example of the Delicious Generation is Disco .
Disco was introduced to the public as a name and nothing more , for sale on MacZOT3 .
For $ 5 , 2000 users purchased an application about which they knew next to nothing .
Ultimately , it ’s turned out to be an application for CD / DVD burning , really little more than a repackaged DiscRecording .
framework , the disc burning framework written and provided by Apple .
Plenty of those exist already , but Disco looks different , and it was well - hyped , so people are interested .
Disco ’s smoke effect is now infamous for being a sign of the fall of the Mac .
I certainly wo n’t go that far , but I think it ’s clear that it ’s a “ triumph ” of style over substance .
Some other prominent members of the Delicious Generation include AppZapper , the My Dream App contest , and the new MacHeist .
These all share a common ancestry of people behind them , but more importantly , they ’re nice - looking sites and applications that are heavy on the marketing buzz and light on substance .
Will You Still Need Me , Will You Still Feed Me , When I ’m 64 ?
I do n’t know about you , but I ’d prefer to not describe myself as “ crotchety ” ( I ’ve never been comfortable with the word “ crotch ” hanging out at the beginning of it , for one thing ) .
The thing to do then is to have a look at the new school and see what we can learn from it .
There ’s certainly plenty of middle ground between a plain - jane application packed with features that has a UI capable of putting you to sleep , and an application so loud and bright it ’ll keep you awake , even though it ’s not doing anything .
So let ’s take a look at the Delicious Generation ( and yes , I ’ll be painting with broad strokes ) .
Il Buono ( The Good )
There ’s plenty of good to take away from the aforementioned applications and sites .
To start , they ’re beautiful .
There are plenty of talented graphic artists doing great work here .
Given the choice between two identical applications , one that ’s beautiful and one that ’s plain , the beautiful one does n’t just look better , it ’s more usable .
Adding some flash to a solid application is certain to be a good thing .
As well , there ’s definitely some impressive new marketing ideas going on here .
My Dream App has drawn in thousands of people and gotten them interested in Mac software .
It ’s also been the subject of countless articles across the web .
Many small developers would kill for the kind of press that My Dream App has received .
What can we learn here ?
The old cliche “ Sell the sizzle , not the steak ” certainly applies .
Perhaps best of all , the members of the Delicious Generation have worked to promote each another .
With viral marketing and cross-promotion , they ’ve built on one another ’s successes , thus lifting up more than just themselves .
A few cross -links on blogs used to cut it , but it does n’t compare to the power evident here .
I do n’t like the idea of ads or badges on our site , but developers can always look for new ways to help each other .
Il Cattivo ( The Bad )
I ’ve already touched on the major problem of style over substance .
Without getting too many nastygrams , I hope I can say that these applications are a bit light on content .
A fellow developer joked that Disco would be released to much fanfare , and then the developers would realize they ’d forgotten to hook up the disc burning functionality , having been so busy with the Smoke .
This did n’t strike me as too far off the mark .
Caring about the UI is A Good Thing .
Focusing on it solely to the detriment of user interaction or even features , is not .
I also wonder if the sales these applications get are quality sales where the user is satisfied , or simply people who bought in to the hype .
Hyperbole and breathless reporting is certain to receive criticism and backlash .
Some definite backlash against the hype Disco received can be seen in this article and its comments .
If you bought an application for its smoke effects , what happens when the novelty wears off ?
In crass terms , everyone wants to sleep with a Playboy bunny , no one wants to marry one .
Finally , I question who ’s really benefiting here .
With a site like MacZOT or a program like MacHeist , a small developer can gain quick notoriety , but at what cost ?
Gaining users is good , but it also increases support costs , and selling at a discounted price will obviously net less income .
The developer has also reduced the perceived value of his software .
If an application appears with a slashed price on one of these sites , will new full - price sales follow , or will people simply hope to find it on sale again ?
Are these loyal users who will buy upgrades and new applications ?
My sense is no .
Il Brutto ( The Ugly )
I had a little theme going here , so I ’ll take the opportunity to point out one ugly bit .
There ’s been at least some public negativity used in promoting these applications .
Potshots at market leaders might be seen as scrappy by some , but ultimately , it comes across as callow .
When Disco says “ We ’re having toast for breakfast ” , it cries of sour grapes against an established competitor .
Long ago , the RSS reader Shrook advertised itself as “ NetNewsWire done right ” .
Author Graham Parks changed that slogan after receiving negative feedback about it .
I certainly hope this sort of marketing does n’t become the norm .
In The Year 2525 ( If Man Is Still Alive )
So what happens next ?
Quentin puts his faith in capitalism , and trusts the market to shake things out .
Its track record is certainly pretty good , but one need only look to network television and the seemingly unceasing rise in popularity of reality television to find a counter - example .
Television has never been the most soul - enriching medium , but it ’s tough to believe it has n’t gotten worse as dramas and other scripted genres are replaced with banality .
I do n’t know that I completely trust the market to sort things out .
However , a conversation with Brian Wilson at Unsanity really helped me solidify my thinking on what developers can do .
The thing to realize is that we should n’t be thinking of this as a battle between the old school and the new school .
The new school has some good ideas , and they ’re shaking things up .
It may be scary , but shaking things up is ultimately a good thing .
If no one shakes things up once in a while , everyone gets complacent and forward progress stops .
Find the good , avoid the bad and the ugly .
I ’ll close with a quote I heard from a member of the Delicious Generation who shall go unnamed .
He said , “ You can be honorable , or you can make money ” .
I shot back “ You can do both ! ” , and I firmly believe it .
Can we learn something from the new school ?
Absolutely , they ’re doing lots of things right .
But I think there ’s plenty they can learn from the old schoolers as well .
It ’s time to figure out where the middle ground is , between style and substance , between hype and marketing , between the Delicious Generation and the crotchety old men .
Stick around , this should be interesting .
Footnotes :
1. Standard widgets being “ what ’s provided by Apple , with Interface Builder ” , the tool for creating interfaces on OS X . Custom widgets are anything else , and everyone uses some custom widgets .
However , making / using them requires artistic ability .
2 . The real truth of the matter is that Apple started it .
As John Gruber pointed out in his talk at C4 , Apple is moving away from a consistent interface across the entire operating system , and towards a model based on the idea that “ it should look good ” .
Whether that ’s ultimately sustainable , we ’ll see , but for now that ’s the way it is .
However , while Apple may have started this trend , I think few would argue that Delicious Library took this mentality far beyond anything Apple ever imagined .
Others have only gone further .
3. MacZOT is also a prime example of this snacky culture of Mac software , where users purchase software at steep discounts without taking much time to evaluate it .
Users can get good deals , and that ’s a positive thing .
But how many of those customers wind up getting something that they value ?
Type in a message below and we 'll generate a QR code of your message and send you to Zazzle where you can put it on a t - shirt , mug , card and lots more .
Message :
QR codes are two - dimensional bar codes which can be used to encode data that can be decoded using barcode readers or camera phones .
You can download free applications for your camera phone to reveal the messages in these codes ( e.g. Kaywa Reader ) .
Connecting the Dots Tracking Two Identified Terrorists by Valdis Krebs Social Network Analysis [ SNA ] is a mathematical method for ' connecting the dots ' .
SNA allows us to map and measure complex , and sometimes covert , human groups and organizations .
Early in 2000 , the CIA was informed of two terrorist suspects linked to al - Qaeda .
Nawaf Alhazmi and Khalid Almihdhar were photographed attending a meeting of known terrorists in Malaysia .
After the meeting they returned to Los Angeles , where they had already set up residence in late 1999 .
What do you do with these suspects ?
Arrest or deport them immediately ?
No , we need to use them to discover more of the al - Qaeda network .
Once suspects have been discovered , we can use their daily activities to uncloak their network .
Just like they used our technology against us , we can use their planning process against them .
Watch them , and listen to their conversations to see ... who they call / email who visits with them locally and in other cities where their money comes from
The structure of their extended network begins to emerge as data is discovered via surveillance .
A suspect being monitored may have many contacts -- both accidental and intentional .
We must always be wary of ' guilt by association ' .
Accidental contacts , like the mail delivery person , the grocery store clerk , and neighbor may not be viewed with investigative interest .
Intentional contacts are like the late afternoon visitor , whose car license plate is traced back to a rental company at the airport , where we discover he arrived from Toronto ( got to notify the Canadians ) and his name matches a cell phone number ( with a Buffalo , NY area code ) that our suspect calls regularly .
This intentional contact is added to our map and we start tracking his interactions -- where do they lead ?
As data comes in , a picture of the terrorist organization slowly comes into focus .
How do investigators know whether they are on to something big ?
Often they do n't .
Yet in this case there was another strong clue that Alhazmi and Almihdhar were up to no good -- the attack on the USS Cole in October of 2000 .
One of the chief suspects in the Cole bombing [ Khallad ] was also present [ along with Alhazmi and Almihdhar ] at the terrorist meeting in Malaysia in January 2000 .
Figure 2 shows the two suspects and their immediate ties .
All direct ties of these two hijackers are colored green , and link thickness indicates the strength of connection .
Once we have their direct links , the next step is to find their indirect ties -- the ' connections of their connections ' .
Discovering the nodes and links within two steps of the suspects usually starts to reveal much about their network .
Key individuals in the local network begin to stand out .
In viewing the network map in Figure 2 , most of us will focus on Mohammed Atta because we now know his history .
The investigator uncloaking this network would not be aware of Atta 's eventual importance .
At this point he is just another node to be investigated .
Figure 3 shows the direct connections of the original suspects as green links , and their indirect connections as grey links .
We now have enough data for two key conclusions :
All 19 hijackers were within 2 steps of the two original suspects uncovered in 2000 !
Social network metrics reveal Mohammed Atta emerging as the local leader With hindsight , we have now mapped enough of the 9 - 11 conspiracy to stop it .
Again , the investigators are never sure they have uncovered enough information while they are in the process of uncloaking the covert organization .
They also have to contend with superfluous data .
This data was gathered after the event , so the investigators knew exactly what to look for .
Before an event it is not so easy .
As the network structure emerges , a key dynamic that needs to be closely monitored is the activity within the network .
Network activity spikes when a planned event approaches .
Is there an increase of flow across known links ?
Are new links rapidly emerging between known nodes ?
Are money flows suddenly going in the opposite direction ?
When activity reaches a certain pattern and threshold , it is time to stop monitoring the network , and time to start removing nodes .
IMHO this bottom - up approach of uncloaking a network is more effective than a top down search for the terrorist needle in the public haystack -- and it is less invasive of the general population , resulting in far fewer " false positives " .
All data for this analysis is ' open source ' and was gathered from public sources on the WWW in late 2001 and early 2002 .
A more complete network map of the hijackers and reported others is available .
I want to thank all those who provided constructive feedback on earlier versions of this document .
This white paper was written under the assumption that all surveillance data is gathered via legal means and that it will stand up in a court of law .
Update 2005 In August 2005 , U.S. Congressman Curt Weldon revealed a similar network map of 9-11-2001 terrorists that was created in 2000 , also from open source information .
The " Able Danger " secret US intelligence unit supposedly created that network maps .
This project remained controversial throughout 2005 .
Here is an overview of " Able Danger " -- including blurred pictures of Able Danger maps .
In December 2005 , U.S. President George W. Bush revealed that he authorized the National Security Agency [ NSA ] to monitor phone calls and Internet traffic of US - based people with " terrorist links " .
My guess is that once the NSA gathers the data , it is assembled and analyzed in a fashion very similar to the above scenario .
Update 2006
It appears that the Canadian terror cell that was arrested in June 2006 was tracked and unraveled in method very similar to what I describe above .
The Toronto Star reported that initially the suspects were spotted on web sites spewing anti-Western sentiments and the desire to attack in North America .
This gave the Canadian intelligence community an entry point into the network .
Then , starting at this entry point , they were able to discover others in the network using normal surveillance methods and linking them together .
The Baltimore Sun reported that the surveillance received prior approval : " Martin Rudner , director of the Canadian Centre of Intelligence and Security Studies at Carleton University , said the surveillance of the Toronto cell shows that it is possible to detect terrorist cells using a system that requires the equivalent of a search warrant .
Canadian officials had to obtain permission from a threat - review committee before investigating Canadian citizens , he said .
As a result , he said , all the information collected should be usable in court . "
In August 2006 , a large terror plot -- to blow up U.S. passenger planes crossing the Atlantic Ocean -- was disrupted in England .
The Scotsman reports the following :
Based on the information from Pakistan , MI5 began its watching operation last year .
The BBC last night reported the operation began in July , but The Scotsman understands it started several months earlier .
In the initial stages , counter - terrorism officers watched from a distance .
By sifting telephone records , e-mails and bank records , the MI5 officers built up what insiders call " concentric circles " of information , gradually connecting each suspect to others and building up a detailed picture of the conspiracy .
Concentric circles of 1 and 2 steps ?
Looks like they followed the recipe above .
It appears that this terror network was not disrupted by data mining of massive phone & financial records -- Big Brother was not involved .
An entry point was found into the network , allowing the activity of the network to reveal the structure of the network -- all without bothering the other 60,000,000 + UK residents .
Update 2007 Jeff Jonas -- the genius behind NORA [ Non-Obvious Relationship Awareness ] -- comments on the congressional debate on data mining of massive phone - call data :
And for the record , in my opinion , at least in relation to programs designed to target specific people , predicting which people should be targeted for additional scrutiny or action should not be based on machine - discovered patterns when so little historical training data exists .
However , this method does become useful when first starting with qualified predicates ( e.g. , subjects who attended terrorist training camps ) .
This can materially assist organizations / governments focus their finite investigatory resources .
Home | Software | Training | Consulting | Case Studies | Blog | Contact
Copyright © 2008 , Valdis Krebs
Baking and Entering Why I Took Illegal Drugs and a Gun Down to City Hall on a Lovely Summer Day
Mayor Greg Nickels has proposed a host of new regulations for clubs in Seattle .
The proposed ordinance would establish the nightclub advisory board — or NAB — and institute regulations that are as onerous as they are impractical .
According to stunned club owners , the mayor 's proposals would lead to the closure of every nightclub in Seattle [ " Unhappy Customers , " Erica C. Barnett , Aug 24 ] .
One provision in Nickels 's draft ordinance really caught my eye .
In the Nightclub Operating Standards section , listed under Security Standards , you can find this gem : " Nightclubs shall prevent patrons from entering a nightclub premises with any illegal drugs . "
If the mayor 's proposed regulations are adopted , club owners would be required to prevent patrons from carrying drugs into their place of business — prevent .
Not attempt to prevent , not do their best to prevent , but prevent — period , full stop .
If drugs are found on someone inside a club , the club would be shut down .
Reading about the mayor 's proposal , I wondered what they were smoking up there on the seventh floor of City Hall .
Club owners can post signs telling people that drugs are n't allowed on the premises , they can instruct their bouncers and bartenders to throw out anyone caught with or using drugs , but how are they supposed to prevent drugs from being carried into their clubs ?
An Ecstasy tablet is easily concealed ; a well - rolled joint is hard to spot tucked into a pack of cigarettes ; a weekend 's worth of cocaine can be hidden in a tiny plastic bag tucked in some skank 's asscrack .
Unless club owners strip - search every patron on the way in — and conduct full - body cavity searches , too — it would be impossible to meet these new requirements .
The mayor has to know that this is an impossible standard — an open invitation to the Seattle Police Department to shut down every last club in town .
Reading the proposed new regulations I wondered if the same rules applied at City Hall .
The mayor was asking club owners to " prevent " people from entering nightclubs with drugs — okay , fine .
But if the city expects a club owner to keep his place of business drug - free , surely we can expect the same of the mayor himself .
So I decided to conduct a little experiment : I would attempt to enter City Hall with drugs .
If I got inside , I would use drugs in City Hall .
If I used drugs in City Hall , I would offer drugs to other people in City Hall .
* * *
Before I could march down to City Hall with drugs , I had to get my hands on some , of course .
If I did n't care what kind of trash I was putting into my body , I could have purchased some low - quality pot ( or some adulterated cocaine , impure heroin , poisonous meth , etc. ) at the open - air drug market that flourishes in the park just a block and a half from City Hall between Third and Fourth Avenues and Yesler Way and Jefferson Street .
One of the provisions in the mayor 's proposed club regulations requires club owners to prevent the use or sale of drugs " in the vicinity " of their businesses , something the city itself seems incapable of doing — but I care about what I put into my body .
So I skipped the open - air drug market in the vicinity of City Hall .
Instead , I scored some quality pot from a quality source and turned it over to a quality baker .
My buddy the baker reduced the pot in oil and then , using a box of Ghirardelli chocolate chip cookie mix , whipped me up a huge batch of insanely powerful pot cookies .
Then , on a beautiful Monday afternoon , I headed down to City Hall with a box of pot - laced cookies in my bike bag — oh , and a gun , too .
It was n't a real gun ( I 'm afraid of real guns ) , but a really scary - looking prop gun .
Why bring a gun ?
Well , the same section of the mayor 's proposed nightclub regulations that requires club owners to prevent patrons from entering with drugs also requires club owners to " prevent patrons from entering a nightclub with any weapons . "
If the mayor expects club owners to keep drugs and weapons out of their clubs , it seemed reasonable to expect that he would be able to keep drugs and weapons out of City Hall .
Carrying drugs and packing simulated heat , I fully expected to be tackled before I could walk in the door .
I have to admit that I was a nervous wreck when I walked past a line of police cruisers on the way into City Hall — I 'd had one cookie on the way downtown and I was feeling a touch paranoid as I crossed Fifth Avenue .
But the police sitting outside of City Hall , and the security guards inside City Hall , apparently lack the powers of x-ray vision and clairvoyance — the same powers that our mayor expects club owners to possess — and so no one prevented me from strolling into City Hall with my pot cookies in my giant red bike bag and my " weapon " tucked into the belt of my cutoffs .
Once I was inside the building , I fished the box of pot cookies out of my bag and began munching on a second one .
I strolled around the lobby , stared blissfully into the waterfalls for an incriminating few minutes , and marveled at the bright - blue glass walkway that connects the council chambers to the council offices — and to the elevators that go up to the mayor 's office on the seventh floor .
* * *
The mayor 's office is swank — there 's a lovely little waiting area and a pair of glass doors that open onto a balcony with tables and chairs .
I finished the last bit of my second pot cookie standing on the balcony , watching the late - summer sun shimmer on Elliott Bay .
Stranger news editor Josh Feit was at City Hall to pick up a public - records request from Nickels 's office , and we were shown into Nickels 's suite of offices by Nickels staffer Viet Shelton .
While Josh chatted up Shelton , I stumbled upon Deputy Mayor Tim Ceis , Nickels communications director Marianne Bichsel , and Nickels spokesperson Marty McOmber all hanging out in Bichsel 's office .
I announced that I was stoned , and when Ceis told me that he was headed down to Elliott Bay to take a little ride on a fireboat with the mayor , I offered him a pot cookie .
I offered pot cookies to everyone in the office .
" I have a bunch in my bag , " I slurred .
" Really good ones .
Want one ? "
They all laughed , but it was clear that they did n't doubt that I had drugs on me and in me .
I was obviously stoned — lingering in Bichsel 's doorway for what seemed like hours for no real reason , keeping up with the banter but a beat or two behind .
I offered everyone pot cookies a second time .
More laughs .
Which brings us to another provision in the mayor 's proposed club regulations : " Nightclub personnel shall promptly contact law - enforcement officials if they either observe or are informed of any possible violations of law occurring either on the nightclub premises ... "
Hmm .
So many mayoral staffers , so many phones , so many police officers close by .
I had just announced that I was high , that I had drugs in my bag , and I had offered to get everyone in the mayor 's office baked out of their minds .
And no one called the cops .
Instead I got a little tour .
On the final leg of the tour , I let Nickels legal counsel Regina LaBelle know that I was stoned out of my mind .
But instead of calling the cops , LaBelle , an adoptive parent , told me how much she enjoyed the book I wrote about adopting my son .
I munched a third pot cookie as I was escorted to the mayor 's office and allowed to take a peek at his desk .
The mayor was n't around — which is too bad , because I wanted to offer him a pot cookie , too , and ask him this question :
If it was as easy to sneak drugs into a particular club as it was to sneak them into City Hall , would he shut that club down ?
Probably .
So what 's he going to do about City Hall then ?
Maybe we can discuss it the next time I drop by his office with drugs in my bike bag .
Wanna check out my stash ?
And my piece ?
Pictures of the drugs and gun I carried into City Hall are up on Slog , The Stranger 's blog , at www.thestranger.com/blog.
What I ’m proposing here is nothing short of the worldwide Vehicular Thomas Crowne Affair .
I hate photo radar .
Hate it .
And it ’s not because occasionally I drive too fast and get a ticket .
It ’s because the city prostelitizes it as being a safety measure when in truth they ’re using it purely as a revenue - generating tool .
Last year in Scottsdale after only six months of installing speed cameras on the 101 highway , the city issued nearly $ 3 MM in tickets … that ’s just absurd .
It did n’t make anyone drive slower .
What it did was cause car accidents because inevitably some of the cars in traffic would hit the brakes as they approached the zones where they knew the cameras were .
With a random fraction of the cars sporadically slamming on the breaks without warning , it ’s no wonder that stretch of highway became one of the most dangerous in Arizona .
Ultimately the City put an end to the experiment and pulled the cameras off the 101 .
Intersections throughout the Scottsdale still have red light cameras though , and the same problem exists - motorists become more concerned about avoiding a photo radar ticket rather than driving safely .
So if the challenge is how to defeat the photo radar cameras , you have a few options :
You can obfuscate your license plate with a reflective spray or the little plastic shields that affix to your plate and make it difficult to read when the camera flashes .
Those are banned in some states because they make it difficult to read the plate at night and worse for you the motorist and having one of will start you off on the wrong foot with an officer in the event you get pulled over .
You can buy a radar and laser jammer to foil the speed - sensing mechanism on the units by disrupting the radio and light waves that bounce back and measure your speed .
These devices are also illegal in some municipalities ( especially if they employ active jamming techniques ) .
Even if they are legal in your area , they too start you off on the wrong foot with a police officer .
You could always get a paintball gun , be the defiant vigillante and goo up the cameras rendering them inoperable .
This was actually happening in Scottsdale for awhile .
Defacing city property however is against the law and this will get you fined if not thrown in jail when you ’re caught .
Plus it ’s not a reliable or sustainable way to deal with the problem .
You can accept the fact you ’re getting ticketed and employ tactics like overpaying the fee to try and muck up the collection process once it ’s issued .
Also , because the ticket is not a certified , receipt - requested letter , you can ignore it and claim it never arrived .
They will of course try to serve the ticket in person so be prepared to not answer your front door if you ’re using this approach .
Assuming that abolishing photo radar via policy is out of the question , you can get creative and think about the series of events through which these tickets get to you and approach the problem differently .
Think :
How does the ticket find its way to you ?
the camera snaps the photo … someone has to look at the pictures and reference that plate number to a plate in the system … then that person mails the ticket to the address on file .
Without physically altering your license plate to obscure it , how else could you make it difficult for that person to send the ticket ?
Simple :
Order a vanity plate with a bunch of characters that are confusingly similar in appearance .
I just got my plate from AZ DMV and happily installed it this morning .
It can still be read by the keen eye but from one of those crappy photo radar pictures it will be a non-trivial task to make out the characters .
There are n’t many grey Tahoes in AZ that have a plate seemingly with all zero ’s so with any amount of research effort the examiner could probably figure it out .
But much like
The Club causes enough of a nuissance to deter the would - be thief , this technique should cause the would - be photo examiner to pass over your ticket .
And the more people that have plates with permutations of 0’s and O ’s and D’s , the more difficult their task becomes : a veritable real life Vehicular Thomas Crowne Affair .
Is this civil disobedience ?
Perhaps .
Is it a healthy thing to challenge the system when it sucks ?
You bet , especially when Scottsdale City Council has proven that all but one member is utterly incapable of performing their job ( which should consist of listening to the citizens they supposedly serve and ensuring their concerns are addressed ) .
You can go out and try methods # 1 - 4 or you can abide by the current rule set , use your head and practice passive resistance .
I propose the latter and suggest this tactic as a meme in order to send a message to the City of Scottsdale and other municipalities about how f’d up their financial printing press ( ummm , I mean photo radar system ) is .
Research in Europe has already demonstrated that less signage , regulation and distraction makes drivers more aware of their surroundings and , consequently , more safe on the roads .
The city needs to either admit that photo radar is a revenue - generating tool or do away with it .
Period .
In Arizona getting a vanity plate takes $ 25 and all of about 5 min to order online via this page on ServiceArizona.com .
The plate arrives in the mail six weeks later and you swap it out .
Done .
You do have to specify the reason why you want that particular sequence of characters – I would suggest “ Vehicular Thomas Crowne Affair . ”
Most plates have up to seven alphanumeric chars .
Using O’s , 0 ’s and D’s there are a total of 2187 possible permutations for each state .
Get your plate while it ’s available !
If you dig this technique , then digg this technique .
UPDATE 1/6/07 : so this post has generated quite a local media frenzy while I was away on vacation .
It made the Reddit homepage then was referenced from a Tribune article , TheNewspaper.com , and then yesterday Channel 3 and ABC Channel 15 interviewed me .
I ’ll be on KFYI talking about photo radar and the controversy of defeating it via this method and why I think it ’s justified .
I have not yet read the study on the 101 – if anyone knows where it can be found I would love to see the results and more specifically how it was conducted and how the researchers are interpreting the data .
Call in to KFYI tonight at 7 pm and chime in with your piece to take part in this discussion - I do n’t see the phone # on their site but listen on AZ AM 550 and I ’m assuming they ’ll announce it .
Thanks for everyone below who took the time to voice an opinion .
From the comments below it ’s clear that people have strong opinions one way or another and it should be a lively discussion .
UPDATE 1/7/07 : big thanks to Roberta Gale of KFYI for having me on her radio show last night .
And here ’s a salty op - ed piece from the Tribune .
Betty Conklin clearly needs to switch to decaf and check her facts - a 16yr driving record with one ticket and one accident is hardly reckless .
This concludes the experiment .
I registered the JumpBox vanity plate and will retire the OD00D0O plate when the new one arrives .
It was never about evading the law or shrugging responsibility .
It was about calling attention to photo radar and encouraging people to protest it .
I have confirmed my suspicion before ever testing it on the road - the registration they issued me for my truck does n’t even match the plate .
It did n’t take photo examiner error for this technique to be effective - they err ’d before the plate left ever the factory …
Anyways , thanks for all the comments -
I ’m glad this experiment helped provoke some thought and stir people to consider some of the flaws with photo radar .
It will be interesting to read the details of the independent study on the 101 photo radar safety survey when they finally publish it .
UPDATE 1/30/07 -
So this is the last update to this post - here is the new plate that arrived yesterday and has been swapped out for the 00DODO0 one – I ’m happily sporting this one now but will consider changing to a new plate for all of ’07 for a six - digit sponsorship fee… ;-)
Here is the footage from the ABC “ Good Evening Arizona ” interview :
My favorite hate emails so far have been the ones where people say “ what if someone is planning to commit a felony ?
You ’re helping them get away . ”
Sorry , but which is more likely : that somebody planning to commit a serious crime will order a creative license plate then wait 6wks for it to arrive , or to just put duct tape over their plate and go do it ?
Oh crap I just told people how to put tape on their plate … c’mon people .
I ’m glad this experiment caused a stir and provoked some thought on the hypocrisy of photo radar .
Aparently it made it all the way to Houston – sweet !
UPDATE 9/24/08 :
So the company behind the photo radar in Phoenix ( Redflex ) is more evil than I originally imagined .
Apparently now they ’re implementing active scanning of license plates of every vehicle that passes through one of their cameras , OCR’ing the plate and comparing it against a police database ( cue Minority Report music ) .
By David Whitehouse
Science editor , BBC News website
Professor Ishiguro ( r ) stresses the importance of appearance in his robots
She has flexible silicone for skin rather than hard plastic , and a number of sensors and motors to allow her to turn and react in a human - like manner .
She can flutter her eyelids and move her hands like a human .
She even appears to breathe .
Professor Hiroshi Ishiguro of Osaka University says one day robots could fool us into believing they are human .
Repliee Q1
Expo is not like any robot you will have seen before , at least outside of science - fiction movies .
She is designed to look human and although she can only sit at present , she has 42 actuators in her upper body , powered by a nearby air compressor , programmed to allow her to move like a human .
We have found that people forget she is an android while interacting with her
Prof Hiroshi Ishiguro
Designed to look human
Before Repliee Q1 Expo , Professor Ishiguro developed Repliee R1 which had the appearance of a five - year - old Japanese girl .
Its head could move in nine directions and it could gesture with its arm .
Four high - sensitivity tactile sensors were placed under the skin of its left arm that made the android react differently to differing pressures .
Scientists think that , one day , robots could fool us into believing they were human
She can be designed to follow the movement of a human wearing motion sensors or to act independently .
" Repliee Q1 Expo can interact with people .
It can respond to people touching it .
It 's very satisfying , although we obviously have a long way to go yet . "
Professor Ishiguro believes that it may prove possible to build an android that could pass for a human , if only for a brief period .
" An android could get away with it for a short time , 5 - 10 seconds .
However , if we carefully select the situation , we could extend that , to perhaps 10 minutes , " he said .
" More importantly , we have found that people forget she is an android while interacting with her .
Consciously , it is easy to see that she is an android , but unconsciously , we react to the android as if she were a woman . "
Puzzle games are probably the best way to while away time , and for this fact there are so many puzzle …
Read moreLimbo 1.17 APK
Download for Android 2020 Latest
My father Graham , I ’m proud to say , has been a environmentalist his entire life .
He started the recycling project in our hometown back in the 1970’s .
He put solar panels on his roof to heat his water in the 1980 ’s , and now he ’s put in a geothermal heating and cooling system in his backyard .
I have to confess that I knew nothing about the geothermal option until my father did this : I thought it was some dodgy , speculative technology that would n’t really work .
Then I went home last winter , and stayed in my parent ’s house over a freezing weekend — and not only was the house warm but the difference in the quality of the air inside the marked .
Oil heat works through combustion : it uses up oxygen .
Geothermal systems heat the house with ambient air , which makes you feel like you are outside when you are inside .
This summer , southern Ontario — where my parents live — has had the same heatwave as the rest of us in the Northeast , and now my parent ’s house has been as wonderfully cool as it was warm in the winter .
So what is geothermal heating ?
I ’ve discovered that lots of people know as little about it as I did , and so I asked my father to write a short description of his geothermal system .
Keep in mind that he is a mathematician by profession , which will explain the wonderful technical bits in the middle .
Keep in mind , as well , that he is my father , so that any parallels between his beautifully lucid prose and my own are not coincidental .
( If you like my father ’s post , by the way , I encourage you to check out his latest book —
“ Inverse Problems in Vibration ” — currently ranked 2,149,990th on Amazon . )
Here goes :
Geothermal heating and cooling is based on one simple fact : that 6 feet down in the ground the temperature is the same — between 50 ˚F and 60 ˚ F - the whole year round .
This means that it is relatively cool in the summer , and relatively warm in the winter .
Geothermal heating is thus quite different from solar heating : solar heating works worst when you most need it -- in the cold , cloudy , snowy conditions of winter ; the source for geothermal heating and cooling is not affected by the weather .
For geothermal cooling , all one needs to do is to circulate water in a pipe through the ground to cool it , and use this cool water to cool the air pumped through the house in the heating ducts .
For heating , there is an extra wrinkle .
Most of us prefer the temperature in the house in the winter to be nearer 70 ˚ F then 60˚F , so we need to raise the temperature of the relatively warm air a little .
For this we use the gas equation that you may remember from High School Physics : PV=RT .
Here P is pressure , V is volume , T is absolute temperature , and R is a constant .
If we keep the volume constant , we see that the Pressure is proportional to the Temperature .
This means that if we want to raise the temperature of the air a little , then we should increase its pressure a little .
To see how much , we must work in absolute temperature , which is 273˚ + temperature in Celsius ( centigrade ) .
Take an example : suppose the temperature of the water coming out of the ground were 50˚F ; that is 10 ˚C or 273˚ +10 ˚=283˚ absolute .
We want to heat the air from 50 ˚F to say 68 ˚ F. 68 ˚F is 20 ˚C or 273˚ +20 ˚=293˚ absolute .
Raising the temperature from 283˚ to 293˚ , means that we raise it by ( 293-283 ) *100/283 percent , or 3.5 % .
That small increase in pressure can easily be done by using a compressor .
That is the theory .
Now the technology .
First we have to build a trench in which to place the pipes carrying the water ( actually they add some glycol to it , to improve the performance ) .
For our installation we had 3 trenches each 300 ft long , 5 ft wide and 5 ft deep .
Each trench had four 4inch pvc pipes in it ; 3600 ft in all .
Typically the trenches are 5ft deep , rather than 6ft , because all kinds of safety regulations come into play in building a 6ft trench .
The 4inch pipes are fed from one large pipe coming from the basement , and they are funnelled back into a large pipe as they return to the basement .
The whole system is filled with water and sealed .
There is a pump in the basement that circulates the water through the pipes , and brings the warm water back into the basement .
The water then goes into a heat exchanger .
A heat exchanger does just that : it takes the heat out of the water and heats air that runs through pipes through the water .
A heat exchanger is rather like two clasped hands , with the fingers of one hand interleaved with the fingers of the other .
One set of fingers carries the warm water , the other carries the air to be heated .
After being heated by the water , the air enters a compressor where it is warmed further , before feeding it into the air ducts .
It is possible to have the pipes running deep down into the ground , rather than running horizontally 5 ft down .
If there is a lake or a deep river , then the pipes can run through the water , rather than through the ground .
Now the money matters .
We live in the country .
In the winter of 2004 / 5 we spent about $ 2,500 on oil for our oil furnace .
If we had kept the furnace , then we would have spent about $ 3,000 in the winter of 2005 / 6 .
The geothermal system has four parts : the pump to move the water around the circuit , the compressor , the heat exchanger , and the fan to blow the air through the house ; those cost $ 18,000 .
The trench and pipes cost $ 2,000 , and the necessary changes to the electrical system in the house cost another $ 2,000 .
We received a rebate of $ 600 on the items from the Ontario Government , and another $ 1,400 from a government conservation initiative .
When the system is running at moderate strength it takes 1500 KWH , about the same as a single baseboard heater ; when it is running at high , it uses 2200KWH , and when the fan alone is working , then it uses 500KWH .
Our electrical bill has increased by about $ 150 per month for the winter months .
We did not have air conditioning before ; the air conditioning is set to come on when the temperature in the house reaches 75 ˚F , which is not often .
The biggest difference in the winter months is in the quality of the air inside the house .
There is now no combustion , so no loss of oxygen , as there is with an oil furnace .
As far as conservation is concerned , we save about 8 tons of carbon dioxide per year !
A few additional points .
Obviously geothermal does n’t work for everyone .
My father has a luxury of a large backyard , so he could fit all that piping easily into shallow trenches .
If you do n’t have that much room , as he points out , you have to dig down — and that ’s obviously more expensive .
I ’m not suggesting , in other words , that this is going to solve the energy crisis .
But surely there are lots of lots of houses — as well as commercial buildings ( like malls , with huge parking lots ) that could easily install geothermal systems , and even a modest application of technologies like this could begin to make a real difference in our energy problems .
I think it is also worth noting how absurdly low - tech the system is .
It is pvc pipes and a compressor .
My father lives in Ontario , where the winters can be vicious , and has thrown out his furnace !
The other noteworthy fact is how ( relatively ) inexpensive the system is .
For an investment of $ 25,000 , my father saves , conservatively , $ 2000 a year ( remember ; he was n’t running air conditioning in the summer before this , so the financial benefits of his system are substantially understated .
One of the frustrating things about the current discussion over our dependence on imported oil is the persistent notion that real solutions will require some future technological breakthrough .
I think we have a lot of the answers .
We just have n’t made consumers and public officials aware of them .
- Click here for photos of other potential iPhone killers -
Special Feature iPhone Apps Slideshow
Check out our Top Downloaded iPhone Apps Slideshow .
See screenshots and summaries of some of the some of the programs Apple.com rated as the most sought after .
Click here to see it .
If I had to pick one word to sum up the wireless industry in 2007 it would have to be iPhone .
Not too long ago the only differentiating factor among wireless handsets ...
Read more ...
1999
December
: Apple acquires the domain name www.iphone.org, which to this day directs visitors to the main corporate page .
Article
2000
2001
April
: Infosync posts a photo of what many believe to be the iPhone .
Forum
2002
July
: Apple CEO
Steve Jobs downplays the prospect of an Apple PDA by explaining that Apple decided about 3 years ago , they felt that PDAs would eventually evolve into next generation cell phones , and that PDA 's will become a smaller market .
Article
August
: The New York Times discusses Apple 's future plans for an Apple - branded Phone ( aka iPhone ) : “ But analysts and people close to the company say that the plan is under way and that the evidence is manifest in the features and elements of the new version of the Macintosh operating system . ” Article
: Wireless
Week reports that Steve Jobs , chief executive of Apple , and his former partner , Steve Wozniak , are said to be developing a " smart " phone in an attempt to kick - start the market for next - generation mobile phones in the same way that the company 's computers popularized personal computing .
Article
September
: Perhaps the first time Jobs fields the question : The International Herald Tribune interviews Steve Jobs and asks about the iPhone directly .
Q : Will there be an iPhone ?
Jobs : " One never knows .
We do n't usually discuss products we have n't announced . "
Article
: A website called ePrairie claims to have authentic , leaked photographs of the iPhone , back when such a claim was taken somewhat seriously .
The first faked iPhone pictures ?
Maybe .
Here ’s the original claim : “ ePrairie has obtained these three photographs ( dated September 2002 ) of an unannounced Apple cell phone called the Applele hiPhone R4 CHICAGO ( Exclusive ) – A picture can tell a thousand words .
Leaked to the right place at the right time , some pictures of some products can even tell a story of a new venture by an unsuspecting company that has decided to silence the word .
Well , at least for now . ”
Article
October
: Apple applies for a trademark on “ iPhone ” in Singapore .
Article
: Apple applies for trademark of “ iPhone ” in the U.K .
The application seems to suggest a software solution like a .
Mac internet phone or iChat voice integration .
Article
December
: Apple trademarks “ iPhone ” in Australia .
Trademark # 930990 .
Article
2003
June
: Singapore grants Apple a trademark on iPhone .
Article
July
2004
October
: Apple files for iPhone trademark in Canada .
Article
December
: Apple files a civil suit against several anonymous parties , claiming that " an unidentified individual , acting alone or in concert with others , has recently misappropriated and disseminated through Web sites confidential information about an unreleased Apple product . "
Pundits suspect the product is the iPhone .
Article
: Apple and Motorola have admitted they are working on a joint - venture phone to support a mobile version of iTunes .
" We 've said we have something coming on this in the first half of 2005 and we 're definitely on schedule for that .
Hopefully you 'll be able to see more about it soon , " says Eddy Cue , VP in charge of applications at Apple .
Article
: Turns out the Dec. 13 lawsuit was against three Mac rumor sites and regarding an unreleased product called Asteroid or " Q97 . ”
Not the iPhone .
Article
2005
March
: Business 2.0 Magazine publishes an article based on analysts ’ comments about what is next for Apple .
The iPhone is in the top five potential products , along with a wireless iPod , video iPod , media center and an enhanced iPod product for the car .
Article
2006
March
: A search of the European Patent Office reveals a patent application from Apple entitled " Database programs for handheld devices " that was published in February 2006 .
As advertised , the patent describes techniques for providing access to databases from handheld devices .
The application , however , incidentally points out that " the remote handheld device can , for example , be a wireless phone which uses a telecom server to communicate with the database program . "
Article
: Think Secret reports that the iPhone has been placed on hold because of " significant technical hurdles " in development .
Apple wants to develop the phone " from the ground up " rather than improving on existing designs , which led to technical problems in interfacing the various cell components .
The iPhone will not likely come until at least 2007 , if not later , the site believes .
Analysts , however , expect one in the next 12 months .
Article
April
: Analyst firm visiongain claims that Apple will team up with Sky Dayton ’s MVNO Helio for the iPhone launch .
Article
: Think Secret reports that Apple is struggling with its chipset for the iPhone .
Article
: Analyst firm visiongain suggests
Apple will go the MVNO route and calls an iPhone launch “ logical and inevitable . ”
Launch date predicted during 2007 as the end of the year sees a product acceleration .
Article
May
: The US Patent & Trademark Office revealed an Apple patent titled “ Reservation of digital media items , ” originally filed on December 21 , 2004 .
The patent relates to the purchasing of digital media items and , more specifically , to the use of a portable wireless device to identify and / or purchase digital media items .
In fact , ringtones are discussed , so we ’re talking telephony .
Article
: Japanese news agency Nikkei is reporting that Apple and new Vodafone Japan owner Softbank are working together to develop cellphones capable of downloading and playing music from the iTunes store .
Article
June
: The Globe and Mail reports that analyst Peter Misek believes BlackBerry maker RIM could ink a deal with Apple for an Apple branded PDA : Such a deal would have huge merit because each company lacks what the other provides .
RIM wants a firm foothold in the consumer market and Apple does n't have a presence in the booming wireless data sector .
Article
July
: Engadget reports that : “ A reader is reporting to us that a coworker 's tech - unsavvy friend , who is regularly hired by Apple to do marketing photo shoots , was recently brought on to take some shots of ‘ the sleekest , sexiest damn phone he 's ever seen . ’”
The phone could appear as early as August , the site claims .
Article
August
: Engadget claims that an Apple cell phone could see a launch at World Wide Developers Conference on August 5th .
Article
: Steve Jobs is cockier than ever about the firm 's much - anticipated iPhone product .
The obsessively tight - lipped executive apparently is bragging about the product to close friends , saying that the product launch is coming sooner than even he expected .
Article
September
: American Technology Research analyst Shaw
Wu reports that Apple is indeed developing such a device and predicts that the company would likely sell about 10 million phones .
Article
: PiperJaffray analyst Gene Munster estimates that Apple could sell as many as 12 million iPod - enabled cell phones next year , potentially boosting earnings by as much as 10 percent above current Wall Street estimates .
Article
: Apple files for iPhone trademark in New Zealand .
Article
: PiperJaffray analyst Gene Munster thinks
Apple will launch an iPhone in the next 3 to 6 months -- an introduction he expects will draw more attention to the music - enabled handset market .
He also sees it contributing to significant growth expectations implied in industry analyst market forecasts .
Article
: A company called Ocean Telecom Services based in Delaware files for a trademark on “ iPhone ” in the U.S.
It is widely believed Ocean is working on behalf of Apple , because the filing is identical to previous “ iPhone ” trademark filings in other countries .
Article
: A company called Ocean Telecom services based in Delaware also files for a trademark on “ iPhone ” in Hong Kong and the U.K. using the same language as Apple did for iPhone trademarks in other countries .
Article
: Cingular Wireless will be the first carrier to offer the upcoming iPhone - - a rumor which itself has not yet been confirmed .
The operator reportedly has a six - month exclusive on the device , to be offered early next year .
Article
October
: T - Mobile USA CEO Robert Dotson also spoke quite favorably of Apple , singling out the Mac maker 's efforts on the desktop as a " great precursor " of where he thinks the marketplace is headed with 3G , leading to speculation that T - Mobile , not Cingular , will host Apple 's much - rumored iPhone project .
Article
: AppleInsider reports that Apple has filed for another trademark for the " iPhone " term on September 15th with " a Far Eastern trademark office . ”
The filing describes the iPhone as under " handheld and mobile digital electronic devices for the sending and receiving of telephone calls , faxes , electronic mail , and other digital data ; MP3 and other digital format audio players . "
Article
: The Motorola Rokr is said to be dropping Apple 's iTunes media player in favor of Real Networks ' Real
One player , which signals Apple ’s imminent entrance into the cell phone market .
Article
November
: Cingular announces its new mobile music service , partners with Microsoft , Napster , Yahoo !
Music , XM Satellite Radio and eMusic for a subscription - based service model .
The announcement marks an essential death - sentence to the rumor that Apple would be launching the ' iPhone ' as Cingular - only initially .
The MVNO rumor on Cingular ’s network gathers more steam as a result .
Article
: BusinessWeek reports that Bear Stearns analyst Andy Neff ventures a guess that the iPhone could cannibalize about 30 percent of the iPod market .
Article
: Taiwan 's Commercial Times reported Apple has already ordered 12 million handsets from contract manufacturer Hon Hai Precision Industry , with plans to launch the multimedia device in the first half of 2007 .
Article
: While Apple has yet to even confirm rumors it is developing one iTunes - enabled mobile handset , American Technology Research analyst Shaw Wu claims the company is already hard at work on a second iPhone , this one incorporating messaging capabilities .
" From our understanding , it will leverage off existing iChat software that runs on Macs , " Wu told clients .
Article
: Mercury News prints comments from Palm's CEO Ed Colligan on the iPhone rumors : " We 've learned and struggled for a few years here figuring out how to make a decent phone , '' he said .
“ PC guys are not going to just figure this out .
They 're not going to just walk in . ''
Article
: Digg founder Kevin Rose makes the announcement during his Diggnation podcast that the iPhone will ship in 4GB and 8GB storage capacities for $ 249 and $ 449 , respectively .
All major mobile phone providers will carry the device , Rose claims .
Video
December
: Apple Computer is poised to launch its own MVNO service by acquiring wholesale capacity from Cingular Wireless , according to a note by UBS AG telecom analyst Benjamin Reitzes , who speculates the company would then sell its much - rumored iPhone music player / networked handset across its 174 retail outlets .
Article
: Daniel Mattes , co-founder of Mountain View , CA - based VoIP software developer JAJAH , has been quoted as saying that JAJAH is presently holding intense conversations with Apple over the use of JAJAH software for a mobile phone , according to a reports from the German - language website " futureZone . "
Article
: Gizmodo runs a cryptic one - line report : “ Gizmodo Knows : iPhone Will Be Announced On Monday I guarantee it .
It is n't what I expected at all .
And I 've already said too much .
– Brian Lam ” Article
: Sources report that the iPhone will be a GSM / EDGE ( 2.5G ) phone and not a UMTS ( 3G ) device .
Apple 's decision to go with 2.5G lies in the technology 's advantages over 3G : physically smaller components and more reliable communication .
Article
: Linksys releases the iPhone , a VoIP handset with no affiliation to Apple .
Cisco , which owns Linksys , has owned the trademark on iPhone since 2000 when it took over a company called Infogear , which registered the name in 1996 .
This iPhone was the one Gizmodo was referencing on December 15 , hence the “ It is n’t what I expected at all ” comment .
Article
2007
January
: Steve Jobs announced the " iPhone " at MacWorld sparking a flurry of media attention as well as a legal battle over the name that both Apple and Cisco claim as their own .
The device is mobile phone , an " Internet communicator " and a wide - screen video iPod all rolled into one .
The iPhone will run on OS X , on Cingular 's network , and have no keypad or buttons , just a large touch screen .
Other interesting features included a sensor that can tell if you are holding it in portrait or landscape mode , a sensor that detects lighting in your environment and adjusts the screen 's brightness accordingly , and a sensor that can tell when you hold it up to your ear so it shuts down the screen to save power .
The phone is only 11.6 mm thick , but boasts a 3.5 inch screen with 160 ppi resolution .
Article
Wind turbines are the main focus of Hasting 's wrath , but he sweeps up organic farming , Fairtrade and support for British producers in the wake of this attack .
The shame is that in making a sensible case for a more considered approach to the complex challenges of global warming , global poverty , and sustainable production and consumption of food , he undermines his own argument by recycling the rigid dogma of those at the sceptical end of the spectrum .
It 's not just environmentalism that generates " extravagant emotion and unreliable analysis " : proponents of the status quo are at least as guilty .
Claims that consumers are misled into paying extra for organic or Fairtrade products - of which only a small proportion is passed back to the producers - ignore the reality that such differentials are rapidly disappearing .
These initiatives are moving further into the mainstream : yesterday Sainsbury 's announced that all their bananas will be certified to Fairtrade standards in the coming months .
And the cost to consumers of this move , that will benefit impoverished farming communities by over £ 4 m annually ?
Actually , nothing - Sainsbury 's Fairtrade will cost the same as their ordinary bananas .
This follows similar moves by Marks & Spencer on their tea and coffee ranges , with Fairtrade adopted as the standard that their customers expect at no extra cost .
Critics of Fairtrade also forget that our offer is , anyway , not about the proportion of the retail price retained by farmers but that , whatever you pay as a consumer , you can be assured that those at the other end of the supply chain received a fair price .
At least schemes like Fairtrade are acknowledged as having some value .
Hastings accepts that they enable people to " make gestures which show that they care " .
Likewise , the Economist accedes that they " send a signal that there is an enormous appetite for change and widespread frustration that governments are not doing enough " .
Precisely .
That is why the Fairtrade Foundation campaigns with other NGOs through Make Poverty History and the Trade Justice Movement , which call for government action to fulfil the promises made to the developing world .
Fairtrade plays an important role in making such " mind - numbing " topics visible .
Most people ask , in the face of the apparent inertia of our political systems , " what can I do ? "
This is not instead of government action but in addition to it .
Their efforts deserve more than cheap sneers .
Instead of Scrooge 's refrain of " bah , humbug " , would n't a cheer for the goodwill shown by the world 's ethical shoppers be more appropriate ?
· Ian Bretman is deputy director of the Fairtrade Foundation
media@fairtrade.org.uk
Fun and entertainment with stupid ideas , images , pictures , videos and many funny storyes .
FEW CLAIMS PAID FEW CLAIMS PAID About one - fourth of compensation cases filed by nuclear weapons workers have been approved .
About 60 % of those have been paid .
Status of claims as of Nov. 28 : Total filed : 97,778 Denied : 36,780 Approved : 24,056 Pending : 36,942 Source : Department of Labor Memo : Administration tried to cut payouts to nuke workers WASHINGTON 
The Bush administration repeatedly sought ways to limit payouts to nuclear weapons workers sickened by radiation and toxic material , according to a memo written by congressional investigators and obtained by USA TODAY .
The investigation focuses on a federal program created in 2000 to compensate people with cancers and other illnesses tied to their work at government and contractor - owned facilities involved in Cold War nuclear weapons production .
About 98,000 cases have been filed under the program , and the Labor Department has approved compensation in about 24,000 of those cases .
However , program records show that not all of those approved claims have been paid .
Since 2002 , " there is a continuous stream of ( administration ) communications … strategizing on minimizing payouts , " according to the Nov. 30 memo by staff for the House Judiciary subcommittee on immigration , border security and claims .
The memo , prepared for the panel 's chairman , Rep. John Hostettler , R - Ind. , summarizes and quotes from thousands of pages of records reviewed by the subcommittee in its probe .
The subcommittee holds a hearing Tuesday on the investigation .
Hostettler is pressing ahead despite losing re-election last month , vowing to release key documents and urging Democrats to continue the probe when they take over in 2007 .
Administration officials say the memos reflect internal brainstorming on how to avoid compensating workers who are n't eligible .
" We 're not pursuing those ideas , " says Shelby Hallmark , the Labor Department 's director of workers ' compensation programs .
" What we 've been doing all along is trying to ensure that the program is implemented in a way that is fair and consistent and in accord with the law . "
Hostettler was not available for comment , but he said at a November hearing that records reviewed in the investigation " do not support " the administration 's stance .
" This program was supposed to assure workers … ( that ) their government was finally going to do right by them , " he added .
" Those tasked with implementing ( it ) have failed that purpose miserably and they need to be exposed . "
The program covers workers from about 350 facilities nationwide , as well as uranium miners .
Claimants can get up to $ 150,000 ; some also can get paid for medical bills , lost wages and disability .
In a memo from October 2005 , program director Hallmark complains to White House officials that the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health , which reviews some claims , is adopting " extreme exaggerations of ( worker exposure ) on the grounds that every decision point must be as ' claimant favorable ' as conceivably possible . "
The documents also show officials debating ways to change the balance of a program oversight panel by adding members skeptical of workers ' claims .
" You 've got bureaucrats pressuring the scientists and when they can't get what they want , they try to squeeze the ( adjudication ) process wherever they can , " says Richard Miller , a claimants ' advocate with the Government Accountability Project .
" These workers are dying with every day that goes by . "
I grew up in southern Arizona , surrounded by cliche representations of my own experiences .
There were cowboys riding bulls , coyotes howling on moonlit nights , beautiful sunsets , and vicious brawls .
I ’ve translated those experiences into epic photographs and playfully antagonistic videos .
The artistic projects I pursue are a reflection of my complex relationship with the American West and explore what it means to be an American in a time of diminished expectations .
I perform for the camera , enacting gestures that reflect a sense of quixotic hopefulness as well as a desire for control over subjects as ungovernable as nature .
My performances take a variety of forms and allow me to engage with others or insert myself into the landscape .
It is though these projects that I attempt to develop authentic ties to my own experiences , to give the cliche new and personal meaning .
The gestures that I enact for the camera are simultaneously loving and cruel ; they are an attempt to discuss the frustration inherent in contemporary experience .
Initially , these gestures may seem juvenile as they use the language of physical comedy , but they owe as much to Caspar David Freidrich and the Kantian Sublime as they do to Buster Keaton .
I make photographs in which I confront the American landscape and foolhardily demand that it become aware of my presence .
I make videos in which I mark my territory and attempt to defend it .
The photographs and videos I produce acknowledge the possibility of failure , that I will go unnoticed , and that I wo n’t affect any change .
However , it is this possibility that keeps things interesting .
In these projects , I become a sympathetic hero and a stand - in for the viewer .
I face the sublime and call its power into question .
April 2006
A couple days ago I suggested to one of the organizers of the Web 2.0 Conference that that they should invite some little startups for free this year .
Ironically there were few startups last year , because the conference cost so much that they could n't afford it .
He said they'd been thinking of doing that , and asked who I thought they should invite .
As I tried to think of a list , I realized there was a more " Web 2.0 " way to do this : let everyone vote on it .
So I asked the guys at reddit to set up a special reddit for this purpose : web2.reddit.com .
Please submit and vote for your favorite startups .
( You vote using the little arrows next to each name .
You have to register to vote , but to register you only have to choose a username and password ; you do n't have to give your email address . )
Note that this is a list of startups , not applications .
You 'd nominate 37signals , not Basecamp specifically .
This list has no official connection to the conference .
It 's just an experiment to determine what the most admired Web 2.0 startups are .
When Gary Younge arrived in America as the Guardian 's New York correspondent , he found a nation simultaneously united in its myopic nationalism and at bitter war with itself .
But what surprised him was how , for all its differences , it was n't too dissimilar to Blair 's Britain , as he reveals in this extract from his new book
When I arrived in New York from London in January 2003 to take up my post as the Guardian 's New York correspondent , the United States appeared to be in the grip of a monumental emotional spasm .
The terrorist attacks of September 11 2001 seemed to have left it incapable of empathy with the outside world .
The previous year , global opposition to the impending war in Iraq had grown alongside a tacit understanding that it would probably happen anyway .
In the US , people were intellectually preparing themselves .
The top five non-fiction titles on the New York Times bestsellers list for that first month were : 1 ) Bush at War ; 2 ) The Right Man ( Bush 's former speechwriter relives his first year in the White House ) ; 3 ) Portrait of a Killer ( Patricia Cornwell on Jack the Ripper ) ; 4 ) The Savage Nation ( A rightwing radio talk - show host saves America from " the liberal assault on our borders , language and culture " ) ; and 5 ) Leadership , by former Republican New York mayor Rudolph Giuliani .
Britain stood virtually alone among its western Europe neighbours in its desire to anticipate and replicate the Bush administration 's every move .
Reporting from the United Nations during my first few months felt like living in a parallel universe where mind and muscle operated completely independently .
While most diplomats were trying to avert the war , the US and British armies were amassing huge numbers of troops in the Gulf and steeling themselves for battle .
It was into this cauldron of destiny , demagoguery and despair that I sought to translate , explain and explore the United States for a British audience .
As a child of empire - my parents left Barbados in the early 60s for England , where I was born - I was ambivalent about both the growing tides of Euro - bashing and anti-Americanism on either side of the pond .
I came less in the tradition of Alexis de Tocqueville than that other great chronicler of American civilisation , the Trinidadian socialist CLR James .
Not so much transatlantic as Black Atlantic .
Coming from a nation that had interned the Irish and massacred the Mau Mau , the only thing I found exceptional about Abu Ghraib was that the perpetrators there had been caught on camera .
" A person is smart , " says Tommy Lee Jones in the film Men In Black , when asked why he hides the existence of aliens on Earth from ordinary people .
" People are dumb , panicky , dangerous animals and you know it . "
There was no reason to believe that the American people would be any different in that regard to western Europeans when they had their privilege challenged and their lives threatened .
Time and again , while on the road , I would experience just how warm , wonderful and occasionally warped Americans can be .
In Montgomery , Alabama , the cradle of the Confederacy , I was driven the wrong way up a one - way street by a young white woman high on life and Martini whom I had only just met .
By day , I was covering Rosa Parks ' memorial services .
By night , I accompanied my new companion from gay bar to night club , drinking plenty and talking about drugs as though the cast of Letter to Brezhnev had ended up in the Deep South .
In Salt Lake City , the main town in the most conservative state in the union , I would wait for the mayor in a Hispanic biker bar , watching slides beamed onto the wall of scantily clad women writhing around on motorcycles .
In Mississippi , three elderly people threatened to shoot me when I asked directions .
A few months later , in the same state , a policeman would threaten to jail me for " giving him a look " .
I have always found America exciting ; but , for better or worse , never exceptional .
Its efforts at global domination seemed like a plot development in the narrative of European empire rather than a break from it .
Even as the French lambasted secretary of state Colin Powell 's presentation to the Security Council , protesters in Abidjan , the capital of Ivory Coast , waved American flags and placards saying : " Bush please help Ivory Coast against French terrorism . "
There was precious little moral high ground to go round .
Yet everyone , it seemed , was making a stake on it .
So it was with great bemusement that I found myself having to absorb abuse from white , rightwing Americans , who harked back to the Declaration of Independence of 1776 and the second world war to justify military aggression in Iraq .
They badgered me as though their own reference points represented the sole prism through which global events could possibly be understood .
As if the struggle for moral superiority between Europe and the US could have any relevance to someone whose ancestors were brought to the Americas as slaves and whose parents and grandparents lived through the war under European colonisation .
" If it was n't for us , you would be speaking German , " they would say .
" No , if it was n't for you , " I would tell them , " I would probably be speaking Yoruba . "
However , the sanctimony with which many liberal Europeans criticised the Bush administration was no less galling or historically illiterate .
Their critique of US foreign policy was often sound , but the haughtiness with which they delivered it was way off key .
When their governments or citizens slam America for its brutality and imperialist pretensions , all too often they fail to do so with sufficient self - awareness or humility to see what , to the rest of the world , is obvious : that their nations have acted in an equally pernicious fashion whenever they have had the opportunity .
As for me , I came not with an agenda but with a view : that while America 's imperial intentions represented a sequel to European colonialism , that did not make those ambitions any more morally defensible or the world any less precarious .
While Europeans had no grounds to be pious , the whole world had every reason to be concerned .
September 11 had revealed the potential destructiveness of religious fundamentalism .
The Bush administration 's subsequent actions indicated that nationalist and economic fundamentalism could wreak at least as much havoc and harm .
Not long after I arrived in America , I realised that one political misconception , above all , had dominated .
While I was well aware that there were many Americans who were opposed to the Bush agenda ( my wife being one of them ) , I had no idea that their number amounted to a significant critical mass .
This was not a ludicrous misreading of the situation .
I arrived just a few months after the Republicans had cemented their control of both House and Senate .
Bush 's approval ratings were high and opposition to the war was soft compared with every other country in the world apart from Israel .
But as the war faltered and the economy stalled , opposition mounted .
The growth and crystallisation of this opposition took place for the most part under the radar .
The mainstream news media either underreported it , misreported it or derided it until the moment when it became impossible to ignore .
But it was always there .
America was , in short , bitterly divided .
By the end of my first year , a Time / CNN poll showed that 47 % of Americans said they were likely to vote for Bush , and 48 % said they would not ; 79 % of Republicans said they believed he was a president you could trust , 75 % of Democrats said they thought he was n't ; 68 % of Democrats believed he had been " too quick to interject his own moral and religious beliefs into politics " , 67 % of Republicans believed he had n't .
Break down the response of almost any question along party lines and the nation appeared irrevocably split - separate in outlook but roughly equal in size .
Bush did not create these cleavages .
Indeed , he had to steal the 2000 election because of them .
But he had clearly exacerbated them .
To the foreign ear , while the opinions of these two camps differ sharply , they share the same tone and tenor of debate .
I have found liberals in America every bit as bombastic , preachy and doctrinaire as conservatives .
Patriotism , meanwhile , infects the entire culture .
Doves are just as anxious to display their flag - loving credentials as hawks .
Many peace activists are happy to sport " Support the Troops " bumper stickers on their cars and anti-war demonstrators carry banners saying " Peace is Patriotic " , " Love my country , fear my government " or " Peace is the American Way " .
And the left is every bit as capable as the right of infantilising the American public with the claim that they are being duped by extremists and are therefore incapable of discerning their own interests .
But if the styles often seemed eerily similar , the substance could not have been more radically different .
With no common ground and even the most basic facts polluted by partisan enmity , it was at times difficult for even the most basic conversations to take place .
At an impromptu Moveon.org meeting near my home in Brooklyn , I raised polling evidence suggesting that the Democratic presidential hopeful John Kerry had to reach out more to his base , only to be told that we could n't trust polls because they were run by corporations .
Likewise , the issue of lack of weapons of mass destruction and the deteriorating situation in Iraq were , if the right were to be believed , the products of a conspiracy of disinformation by the " liberal media " .
" You 'll never convince me that there 's no connection between Saddam Hussein and al - Qaida .
Never , " said Kephart , who lost his son Jonathan in Iraq .
" What is the connection ? " I asked .
" Terrorist activity , " he said .
This dislocation between left and right , fact and fiction , became most apparent during the 2004 presidential election , which the pollster John Zogby had branded " Armageddon election " - " Each side predicts the end is near if the other side wins . "
In the six weeks before polling day , I drove from Boston , home of Kerry , to Midland , Texas , where Bush spent much of his childhood , stopping off in swing states along the way .
Schlepping through the suburbs of Derry , New Hampshire , on a hot Sunday afternoon in September , I got a whiff of this impending apocalypse .
Armed with water , granola bars and talking points , I followed Pam and Patrick Devaney as they went to seek out progressive voters .
Derry was a swing town in a swing state and the Devaneys were reluctant but determined novices .
" I 'm not comfortable doing this , but it has to be done , " said Pam .
" Our democracy is at stake .
This is the most important election in my lifetime . "
Just 10 days later , I met the Kephart family in Oil City , Pennsylvania .
The Kepharts were fundamentalist Christians and , for them , Armageddon was no metaphor .
" I fear for this country if Kerry wins , " said Burton Kephart .
" God has a plan for the ages .
Bush will hold back the evil a little bit .
He is a God - fearing man .
He believes in praying to a God who hears his prayers .
He 's a leader . "
Little more than a week after that , I watched the third presidential debate with about 40 students in Iowa City .
The Republicans sat on one side and the Democrats on the other .
Sometimes , the Republicans would cheer at a phrase or facial expression of one of the two candidates , and the Democrats would look bemused .
A few minutes later , the Democrats would do the same , leaving the Republicans similarly confused .
They were not just watching the candidates on a split screen .
They were viewing the entire event as though from a split screen , each side hermetically sealed from the other .
That summed up my trip thus far .
Back in New Hampshire , Rick Sapareto , a Republican , said he was backing Bush because , " I 'm very concerned that my boys may end up fighting a war in 15 years because we failed to take action . "
Lisa O'Neill , who lived just a few minutes away , was supporting Kerry for almost precisely the same reason .
" I have an 11 - and a 13 - year - old who could be drafted if this carries on , " she said .
When I called them both the day after the first debate , each one thought their side had won .
That has seemed to be how just about every event from hurricane Katrina to the war has been consumed .
" National unity was the initial response to the calamitous events of September 11 2001 , " argued the Pew Research Centre in a report , The 2004 Political Landscape : Evenly Divided and Increasingly Polarised .
" But that spirit has dissolved amid rising political polarisation and anger .
In fact , a year before the presidential election , American voters are once again seeing things largely through a partisan prism . "
The nature of these divisions was all too easily oversimplified as between the red and blue states , or between Republicans and Democrats , but it was far more profound and complex than that .
At its heart , it appeared to be a conflict over what the country was for that did not fit easily into a binary code .
Indeed , sometimes the conflicting strands seemed to exist even within the same people .
Gena Edvalson , a lesbian whose partner Jana is pregnant , says her neighbours in Salt Lake City , Utah , could n't be nicer .
" They 're going to have a baby shower for us , " she said .
" But that wo n't stop them from legislating the hell out of us . "
The steel worker , who refused to give his name , in Canton , Ohio , who thought Bush was stiffing the working man but would vote for him anyway because of Kerry 's stance on abortion .
The wealthy white republican , Jude Waninski , who was a strong supporter of the Nation of Islam leader , Louis Farrakhan .
The Evangelical protesters outside the Alabama supreme court waving Confederate flags and singing " We Shall Overcome " as they protested against the impending removal of the granite block of the Ten Commandments .
Trying to explain this division whenever I went back to Britain was not easy .
" How can you stand living there ? " was a common question to which I would usually answer : " How can you stand living here ? "
For there was nothing that you could say about American foreign policy that you could n't say about Britain's .
Indeed , as the US 's principal ally in Iraq , Blair had arguably made Bush 's foreign policy possible by making the claim that America had crucial allies easier to sell .
" At this very moment , " wrote CLR James in the 1950s , " despite the enormous power of the American government , the man on whom it depends and has depended for years to give some dignity and colour to its international politics is an Englishman , Winston Churchill . "
More than 50 years later , the same could be said of Blair .
But while in America there was a clear and growing political opposition , in Britain that opposition was both confused and demoralised .
True , Britain produced the biggest demonstration in its history to oppose the war on February 15 2003 .
But equally true was that , unlike those who attended the much smaller demonstration that I was on in New York , most of the people at the demonstration in London had voted for the man prosecuting the war and would do so again two years later .
In America , there was hope of an electoral change ( however slight in direction and meagre in difference ) that energised huge numbers , whereas in Britain there was resignation that this was what we were stuck with .
That was not to say that the situation in Britain was necessarily worse - simply that , in the US , there was real hope that both the domestic and international situation could be turned around , while in the UK there was mainly cynicism .
This hope did find real expression during the US presidential election , but few , in fact , believed the outcome would satisfy it or repair the huge gash in the fabric of national life .
The fact that it is a big country , which , like any complicated and interesting place , is full of contradictions , is axiomatic .
But it is rare to see a political culture and counter - culture so enmeshed , confused and evenly balanced ( in numerical terms , at least ) that it is impossible to tell which is which .
It is obvious who has the power ; it is much harder to work out who has the influence .
· Stranger in a Strange Land is published by Guardian Books in association with the New Press .
To order for £ 10.99 plus p&p , call 0870 836 0749 or visit www.guardianbookshop.co.uk
In The Sources of Power , Gary Klein describes his research of variations in understanding orders among commanders and tank platoon leaders , reaching conclusions that giving answers to ‘ what ’ and ‘ how ’ does not prepare individual teams for reacting to unforeseen problems .
As I was reading this , it struck me that this mismatch is also present in software development .
Most of the time we get or give answers to ‘ how ’ and ‘ what ’ , and then spend enormous effort on coordination when problems arise , as people start pulling in different directions .
Real - world projects are far from ideal - most of the time we have to compromise between cost , time , features and quality .
Project stakeholders decide globally on trade - offs , but even junior programmers make those choices every day , on a smaller scale .
When someone decides to spend a few more days testing the transit algorithm and covering every imaginable edge - case , he is following an idea that the best possible transit in some strange exceptional case is more important then earlier delivery .
That might , or equally possible , might not be the case .
You can hardly blame anyone for choosing the wrong option without actually having a framework on which to base an educated guess .
Dr. Klein and his researches reviewed various Commander ’s intent documents , reaching the conclusion that they should be more focused on goals and contain ‘ why ’ and ‘ watch out for ’ , in order to give individual platoon leaders enough information to improvise and cut corners when needed .
Applying to software development
Focusing on goals is a well known technique for setting up a discussion framework with clients or stakeholders .
However , goals are rarely passed on – instead they transform into specifications and requirements .
Goals surface only when they become a code - red priority ( ‘ must be live before Expo opens on Monday ’ ) or after the initial delivery failed to meet client ’s expectations .
Even then , they are again passed on wrapped into a list of tasks or requests .
If communicating goals and anti-goals helped to coordinate tank platoon leaders in low - visibility desert conditions , it should also help programmers whose biggest optical obstacle is an occasional lack of caffeine in the veins .
I decided to test that theory .
For the past twelve months , project goals have found their way into everything from wiki sections , to power - point presentations , requirements and specifications , and I have made sure that everybody , down to the youngest junior involved , knows why we are doing something .
The other part of Dr. Klein ’s suggestion , anti-goals , was a bit more tricky .
Certain problems like changing requirements or resource issues can hardly be called unexpected - we just do n’t know specifics of those issues , but they will undoubtedly happen .
So , we build in some slack into the plans in advance - most software development methods minimise or mitigate the risk of such issues in one way or another .
Since it ’s not very likely that Luftwaffe will carry out a surprise attack our database team , this ‘ watch out for ’ advice on a high level typically consisted of a small list of pitfalls - either identified during prototyping or design brainstorming .
It was much easier to identify ‘ watch out for ’ on a lower level , related to individual tasks - so in every hand - off I would try to devote at least ten minutes to discuss possible technical problems .
Improved communication
It is very hard to quantify the effect of this technique , since software projects are not developed in lab conditions .
Even if we could set up two exactly same teams , with same skill sets and mindsets , put them to work on identical projects , one communicating goals and other communicating only tasks , I do not think that the results would be relevant in the real world .
Change , at least in my software projects , is mostly driven by external factors , so projects developed in isolation would not face the same challenges .
Though I cannot give you some nice round figure followed by a percentage sign and preceded by a fancy three letter acronym like ROI , my subjective feeling is that this experiment was a great success .
The biggest difference with junior programmers is less wandering into the wilderness .
After hitting a programming equivalent of the brick wall , it was typical for them to just slide from the main road and start working on utterly complex workarounds , until somebody discovers what they are doing or until they just give up and ask for help .
As we have started talking about some of those brick walls before the journey , there was a lot less of searching through the woods .
With senior colleagues , there was not much difference .
They would know the overall goals anyway , and would understand the pitfalls - having a list of goals readily available all the time just made it a bit easier to communicate , as it set a clear platform for adding or removing features ( Should we do a new management console ?
Does it help any of the goals ?
If not , scrape it ! ) .
The effect was most noticeable with mid-level developers .
First , people started reporting problems early - which is a very , very good thing .
Sometimes they found a genuine problem , sometimes they just misunderstood the original idea , but in any case there was a lot less unpleasant surprises later .
I guess that everybody could compare their understanding of ideas and specifications with the framework set by overall goals , and quickly notice any conflicts .
Knowing goals probably helped them to see the big picture ( or at least see a bigger part of it ) , and make sure ‘ what ’ and ‘ how ’ are understood consistently throughout the teams .
Even more important was the fact that people , who were previously just ‘ doing their job ’ , started to get much more involved .
I guess that knowing goals was received as a sign of personal recognition or respect and an invitation to give their opinion on things .
There was much more feedback then usual - including some very good ideas .
More communication is consistent with Klein ’s final addition to Commander ’s intent : ‘ Now , talk to me ’ .
The Modified Commander ’s intent template from Sources of Power : Here ’s what I think we face
Here ’s what I think we should do
Here ’s why
Here ’s what we should keep our eye on
Now , talk to me
Important challenges
Though the technique sounds very simple , it ’s not without challenges .
The greatest one was identifying and expressing true goals , not just repeating specifications or requirements .
‘ Our aim is to develop a transaction server ’ is not goal , but ‘ our aim is to enable the system to serve ten times more customers ’ is .
However , it is hard to distinguish between those two in the beginning .
If goals just repeat the specifications or requirements , then the effort of communicating them throughout the organisation is pointless .
This problem was also observed by Dr. Klein in his analysis of tank commanders ’ orders .
My rule of thumb is that a goal must be an answer to a real - world problem or customer benefit , and not suggest the solution .
I consider replacing anything that might provoke a question like ‘ but why ? ’ with an answer to that question .
On the other hand , taking that to the extreme of including ‘ making more money ’ or ‘ beating the competition ’ into project goals is useless .
True goals lie somewhere between customer ’s mission statement and their project vision .
The second big challenge was explained by Scott Berkun in his book The Art of Project Management ( another very strong case for of focusing on goals but from another perspective - I will publish the review of that book along with the sequel to this article next week ) .
True goals are consolidated and prioritised and a single project should not have too many goals .
It ’s very hard to get everyone to agree on less than 10 goals and even harder to identify 2 - 3 ‘ must haves ’ and consider the rest as ‘ nice to have ’ .
Clients will tend to define too much goals and all of them will be ‘ must have ’ - but identifying non critical ‘ nice to have ’ objectives is necessary in order to provide a framework for correct compromises .
However , putting the goal list on paper actually gives you some leverage in negotiating , since it becomes obvious when the project is too broad or if some goals are unrealistic or conflicting .
The third big challenge was to actually pass on the goals throughout the organisation without overloading people with information .
The project as a whole might have 10 goals , but each sub - project or thread will have it ’s own set of objectives on a lower level .
Several thread goals will typically map into one main project goal , and thread objectives might also express benefits for the solution provider , not just the client .
‘ Enabling easy integration of third - party e-wallets ’ is an internal goal of the software provider that will speed up later development , but helps the overall customer goal of ‘ supporting all popular payment gateways ’ .
People working on a single module should be concerned with overall objectives and goals of their project thread .
Overloading developers with goals of other threads will just introduce confusion .
Not defining thread - specific aims is equally bad , since those individual sub- projects will not have a focused goal framework .
Focusing on goals pays off
I find this technique very positive in practice , living up to the theoretical promise .
Though it is by no means a magical ACME powder that will help you conquer all the software problems just by adding water , it improves understanding and helps to establish a common framework for communication .
The amount of effort required to implement it is a small price to pay for making the project cruise somewhat easier .
SAN FRANCISCO , Dec. 24 — Microsoft is facing an early crisis of confidence in the quality of its Windows Vista operating system as computer security researchers and hackers have begun to find potentially serious flaws in the system that was released to corporate customers late last month .
On Dec. 15 , a Russian programmer posted a description of a flaw that makes it possible to increase a user ’s privileges on all of the company ’s recent operating systems , including Vista .
And over the weekend a Silicon Valley computer security firm said it had notified Microsoft that it had also found that flaw , as well as five other vulnerabilities , including one serious error in the software code underlying the company ’s new Internet Explorer 7 browser .
The browser flaw is particularly troubling because it potentially means that Web users could become infected with malicious software simply by visiting a booby - trapped site .
That would make it possible for an attacker to inject rogue software into the Vista - based computer , according to executives at Determina , a company based in Redwood City , Calif. , that sells software intended to protect against operating system and other vulnerabilities .
Determina is part of a small industry of companies that routinely pore over the technical details of software applications and operating systems looking for flaws .
When flaws in Microsoft products are found they are reported to the software maker , which then produces fixes called patches .
Microsoft has built technology into its recent operating systems that makes it possible for the company to fix its software automatically via the Internet .
The uproar over Dubai Ports World 's planned purchase of franchises at several American port facilities continues .
Being owned by the United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) is enough to make the company a subject of demagoguery in Washington , DC .
The nation 's capital is a place where people seem unable to comprehend the profit motive .
And Dubai Ports could not possibly build a profitable global ports operation if it had a reputation for lax security .
The instigators of the current furor , captive to anti-Arab stereotypes , seem entirely ignorant of reality in the city of Dubai , the second largest emirate within the UAE .
As I discovered on a recent trip to Dubai , the city is the furthest thing one could imagine from being a hotbed of Islamic extremism .
Dubai is rapidly evolving into the leading financial and commercial center in the Middle East .
Less than 10 % of the city 's economy depends on oil revenues , with the majority generated from international trade and tourism .
A tolerant , cosmopolitan , and culturally diverse city , roughly 85 % of its population is comprised of non-citizens .
Most are workers from across South Asia and Southeast Asia .
While Arabic is the official language , English is the language of business and finance .
English - speaking tourists will find no difficulty conducting business in Dubai .
The city also caters to five million upscale tourists per year from places like Russia , Germany and France and across the Middle East .
Dubai is a playground for the rich , with ultra-modern five - star beach hotels and sprawling duty - free shopping malls .
Every high - end Western brand imaginable is on offer .
Gold , silver , and diamond jewelry are Dubai 's specialties .
Dubai offers its travelers an indoor ski slope ( in the desert ! ) , world - class tennis , golf , and horse racing events , and the opportunity to buy property on man-made Persian Gulf islands formed into the shape of the world 's continents .
Already lined with dozens of modern skyscrapers , Dubai is currently experiencing a construction boom that includes plans for the tallest building in the world , the Burj Dubai ( scheduled for completion in 2008 ) .
The extravagant city is often compared to Las Vegas , but I found it to be more like the Singapore of the Middle East .
Though tourism is vitally important to the city , its economy is built on a foundation of international trade .
With its meager oil reserves dwindling , the tiny emirate has diversified its economy by building its duty - free port into the re-export center of the region .
It also aspires to be the region 's leading financial market , having recently built the Dubai International Financial Center to lure global financial firms with a Western - based commercial system conducted in US dollars .
Much of the political slandering of Dubai is based on a protectionist desire to prevent the free flow of capital across borders mixed with a stereotypical impression that the city is a murky bazaar of money laundering and arms trafficking .
In fact , Dubai has long been a crossroads of trade , barter , and informal cash transfers .
Historically it has weathered many efforts by colonial powers and foreign governments to control its economic destiny .
This began in the 1800s when the British imposed an exclusive trade arrangement monopolizing its lucrative trade links with India .
More recently , Dubai traders created black markets in gold , helping Indian expatriates to bypass India 's ban on gold futures trading from 1962 - 2004 .
Dubai traders have also helped import consumer electronics and clothing into nearby Iran , helping people there sidestep US economic sanctions ( which only apply to US corporations ) .
In a region of the world not known for economic freedom , market capitalism has deep roots .
Dubai is a key center of hawala , an unregulated private system of payments and currency trading between the Middle East , South Asia , and Southeast Asia .
Similar to a banking system of clearing checks , hawala brokers facilitate transactions and money transfers for a 1 % - 2 % commission .
For less money than a typical bank rate , the centuries - old payments system eases currency and gold transfers between Dubai 's many migrant laborers and their families abroad .
Unfortunately , hawala is under pressure from the US government , which is trying to impose its own bank reporting and record keeping regulations throughout Dubai .
The US regulatory efforts are a misguided attempt to prevent money laundering and the financing of terrorism .
If informal cash transfers are regulated in Dubai , they will flee to other unregulated locales .
Neither legitimate nor illegitimate informal payments can be eradicated by banking regulations .
The restrictions will , however , crush the only available means for Dubai 's many expatriate workers to send money to their families abroad .
The regulated banking system is not a viable option for them .
In India , for example , family members are likely to live in remote villages without the modern financial services institutions found in urban centers .
They may be too uneducated or illiterate to utilize formal banking services , or too poor to afford the higher fees associated with highly regulated money transfer vehicles .
Most important , expatriate workers are likely to have fled areas of ethnic or religious strife , where minorities are subject to oppression and reprisals .
Secrecy , anonymity , and security of financial transfers are critically important to such people , and perhaps essential to the survival of their families back home .
Hawala makes it possible to work in Dubai and send money home securely .
US - style financial disclosure regulations could destroy Dubai as a refuge for ethnic minorities in desperate need of employment outside of their home countries .
Instead of persecuting Dubai , the US government should be encouraging its embrace of globalization and social openness .
It could also learn a thing or two from Dubai 's remarkable example of decentralized power .
Each of the seven emirates within the UAE retains a substantial degree of sovereignty and independence .
Dubai has effectively opted out of OPEC oil production quotas despite the UAE 's membership in the cartel .
In an era of high oil prices , this kind of competition in the Arab world is welcome .
The UAE is in many respects the model Arab country .
It is a staunch American ally that has apprehended several major al - Qaeda suspects .
In diplomatic and economic terms , the UAE could not be friendlier to America .
Critics have pointed out that two September 11 terrorists from the UAE moved money through Dubai .
Yet several of the terrorists resided in New Jersey and Florida , moving money through these states as they completed their training .
If guilt by association is applied across the board , then Congress would have to scrutinize Saudi Prince Al - Waleed as the largest shareholder of Citigroup , a possible conduit of terror financing .
After all , most of the September 11 hijackers were Saudi citizens .
Tarring entire countries like the UAE with the " terrorist " brush is absurdly unfair , and blocking all Muslim investments in the United States would be impractical and self - defeating .
The national security issue is a red herring .
In my own experience , security at Dubai 's airport was rigorous .
My baggage was searched thoroughly by hand .
Interestingly , this search was faster and more thorough than the one I experienced upon entering or leaving the United States .
President Bush is correct , whatever his motives , to support Dubai Ports World 's planned acquisition of some US port operations .
Tragically , this and future foreign investments are threatened by the national security hysteria and anti-Arab atmosphere that Bush initially created .
The net result may be less foreign investment in the United States as Middle Eastern investors take their petrodollars elsewhere .
J. Henderson is an investment banker in New York City .
Send him mail .
Comment on the blog .
Adjust font size :
JERUSALEM ( CNN ) -- Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert on Thursday blamed a " technical error " for the military 's tank shelling of Beit Hanoun that killed 19 Palestinian civilians , mostly women and children , according to a spokeswoman with the minister 's office .
The bloodshed happened early Wednesday , hours after Israel announced it had pulled out of the northern Gaza town where it was targeting militants firing Qassam rockets into Israel .
Israeli tanks , poised on the outskirts of Beit Hanoun , fired 10 artillery rounds into the town 's center and killed 19 people , Palestinian medical sources said .
( Watch villager describe how relatives were ' cut to pieces ' -- 2:40 )
Among the dead was a 13 - member family that included seven children , the sources said .
Israelis , Palestinians alike outraged
The deaths have been labeled a massacre by moderate and hard - line Palestinian leaders , and have prompted outrage among Israelis , Palestinians and the international community .
The Associated Press reported that 18 were killed , members of an extended family .
( Full story )
Hours after the incident , which is under investigation , Olmert and Israeli Defense Minister Amir Peretz expressed their regret over the civilian deaths .
Israel Defense Forces said units " fired preventative artillery " at rocket launch sites in Beit Hanoun to " disrupt and thwart the launching of Qassam rockets . "
In a statement , U.N. Secretary - General Kofi Annan expressed shock at the attack , and renewed a call to the Israeli government to stop its military operations in Gaza , without delay , and the Palestinians to halt attacks against Israelis .
On my home network I have a fileserver with all my documents , music and videos which is around 100 GB .
Would n’t it be great if I just could put these files on some kind of online storage provider and access it as easily from anywhere and simply throw out my local harddrive (s ) ?
Is it possible ?
Is it usable ?
Read on to see what my conclusions are .
If keeping everything online , I could access my music at work ( working in a cubicle , you need to put your earphones in now and then to get some privacy ) or my videos during business travelling ( ever been to France and stayed at a hotel and trying to watch a movie ?
Do n’t even think about it !
Everything is dubbed ) or even on the airplane ( I would love to test streaming on my next long - haul flight ) .
And my documents – I always want them available !
So this is my search for a service that provides me to put my 100 GB of documents / music / video online and access it from anywhere – anytime .
Will any provider enable me to do this today or do I need to come back next year ?
So let ’s break down my requirements :
100 GB of space – what ’s the price ?
Since I guess noone offers this for free ( yet )
– what ’s the price ?
Since I guess noone offers this for free ( yet ) Price reasonable and p rize available on their webpage .
When I mean reasonable it should be cheaper than setting up a server yourself and putting it in some co-location datacenter which can go for as low as around $ 400 a year for 1U
on their webpage .
When I mean reasonable it should be cheaper than setting up a server yourself and putting it in some co-location datacenter which can go for as low as around $ 400 a year for 1U Must have free trial - period for testing
for testing Reasonable transfer limits – 1 GB files should be allowed and reasonable transfer limits .
Last thing I want is that I need a document and ca n’t download it because I just streamed some music .
– 1 GB files should be allowed and reasonable transfer limits .
Last thing I want is that I need a document and ca n’t download it because I just streamed some music .
Files easily accessable from my desktop .
It should n’t take me much more time to access the files than it does today
from my desktop .
It should n’t take me much more time to access the files than it does today Serious business – Last thing I want is my files stored on cheap IDE - disks without backup or slow Internet pipes or a funky businees handling my private files
Also , maybe this is a little bit too much to ask , but I would also like it accessible with SMB / SAMBA / CIFS , XBMSP or ReplayTV since that ’s what XBMC supports .
When looking at the first requirement , it rules out most of the suppliers out there .
When choosing which one to check , I used the Free Online Storage list on lights.com and Tech Crunch article .
There ’s an additional link to a list at my Online Storage - section .
Service Limit
avail .
Cost 100GB
/ year Comment AllMyData 100 GB $ 120 Coming soon Biscu.com
No limit $ 1800 Unreasonable price Data Deposit Box No limit $ 12000 Unreasonable price Diino 100 GB $ 960 Unreasonable price Dropsend 250 GB $ 912 Unreasonable price Elephantdrive No limit Free FilesAnywhere 100 GB $ 2140 Unreasonable price FlipDrive 100 GB $ 199 GlobalDrive 100 GB $ 6800 Unreasonable price IBackup 200 GB $ 2000 Unreasonable price Mediamax 1 TB $ 60 OmnistarDrive
No limit $ 47880 Unreasonable price Strongspace 160 GB $ 2436 Unreasonable price
If I ’ve missed anyone – please comment on this post !
So this leaves only 3 competitors : Elephantdrive , FlipDrive and Mediamax .
Not many considering the 50 - 80 suppliers I ’ve checked .
Let ’s look at them a little bit closer :
Elephantdrive works so that you download and install a client called ElephantDesktop .
You start the application and login .
Then you either select to do a backup or upload a specific item .
When backing up you select your whole drive or specific filetypes .
These kind of jobs can also be run at specific intervals .
When uploading a specific item you can simply do drag ’n ’drop .
Elephantdrive is more of a backup / restore application where you can backup files at a scheduled basis and restore if necessary .
So it ’s not meant for active day - to - day usuage .
For backup / restore it does the job – and better off – it ’s completely free with no limit ( for now during the beta anyway ) !
So if you ’re looking for backing up your data but only accessing it when something has gone wrong – check it out .
For day - to - day usuage – you better look at some other service .
Flipdrive features a webinterface which is quite nice and fast .
You can browse directories in a tree just like Windows Explorer .
When uploading you can select the basic uploading where you add file by file or a power upload ( java ) where you can select multiple files by holding down the shift .
Both features a progress bar which gives you the KBs / time left .
You can search through your drive and you have a nice feature called “ Photo Albums ” where you can add pictures to different albums you create .
You also have a simple personal Address Book and Calendar .
So how does it work if I would switch to Flipdrive for day - to - day usuage ?
Well firstly , it ’s quite slow .
Do n’t get me wrong , the interface is fast but not as compared to using your local storage .
When you click files you get the typical “ Open With … ” or “ Save To … ” when so you can choose to always open your media files with a Media Player .
You can cut ’n’ paste files , rename files , delete files , send files ( it will send a link via e-mail ) .
With MP3 ’s you can mark the file and choose Play and it will play the file using the Flipdrive Player so you do n’t have to download the file before playing .
This does n’t work for AVI ’s though .
If you want to watch an AVI you have to download the complete file first and then play it in your ordinary mediaplayer .
MediaMax offers a similar file manager webinterface as Flipdrive .
You can create folders , move files , edit , send files ( either as a link or the actual files ) .
You also have some tabs with some specific feature :
Video Share and Photo Share enables you to create albums , view them , tag them and share with others
enables you to create albums , view them , tag them and share with others TV & Movie Locker enables you to upload videos and categorize them , create playlists , download and view
enables you to upload videos and categorize them , create playlists , download and view Music Locker enables you to upload music , play , create playlists and lists music by albums , genre and artists
enables you to upload music , play , create playlists and lists music by albums , genre and artists Mail .
You also have an e-mail address at Mediamax
Upload is pretty straightforward and there ’s a java multi- file uploader featuring drag ’n ’ drop from Explorer .
You have a progressbar during upload .
However , it can take some time from upload until the files are added to your directories .
So how does it work if I would switch to Mediamax for day - to - day usuage ?
The speed is much like Flipdrive , but I do get annoyed with the delay from upload until the files are actually published to your account .
The Video and Photo features are quite nice to organize your collection of videos and photos .
It includes thumbnails and you can tag everything and create albums and add videos to certain albums and view them directly .
You can play music files directly from your online storage and it will stream rather than download using your locally installed player like Winamp but you can also download if you want .
Using the Music Locker you can add music to playlists and stream certain playlists .
My conslusion of this study :
As of writing in September 2006 – I can make the following conclusions to my study : I would n’t say that any online storage provider would be able to replace my local storage .
Why ?
The interfaces are too slow .
If I would replace my local storage they have to be faster and more reliable ./ li >
.
If I would replace my local storage they have to be faster and more reliable ./ li >
Not as easy as local storage to access your files .
You have to go to your personal online storage , login and so on .
There are solutions such as Omnidrive that lets you mount the drive in Explorer , but it ’s not yet public and has no pricing on 100 GB
.
You have to go to your personal online storage , login and so on .
There are solutions such as Omnidrive that lets you mount the drive in Explorer , but it ’s not yet public and has no pricing on 100 GB Usability compared to local storage is low .
For example , you do n’t have all drag ’n ’ drop capabilites .
For as with videofiles you can’t simply click them and the video starts within a few seconds .
Often , you have to download them first .
I know all these demands are too much to ask for the services today but that ’s what I want !
That is what is needed to enable me to give up my local storage .
And I guess I simply have to come back in 2007 and see if the services out there have evolved .
I ’m sure that some day I can throw my local harddrive out the window and just keep that bootable flash drive in my local PC .
If I had to decide on a winner I would say Mediamax – because of some nice exclusive features .
The exit polls showed Kerry winning in Ohio , until an unexplained last minute shift gave the election to Bush .
Similar definitive shifts also occurred in Iowa , Nevada and New Mexico , a virtual statistical impossibility .
A few weeks prior to the election , an unauthorized former ES&S voting machine company employee , was caught on the ballot - making machine in Auglaize County
Election officials in Mahoning County now concede that at least 18 machines visibly transferred votes for Kerry to Bush .
Voters who pushed Kerry 's name saw Bush 's name light up , again and again , all day long .
Officials claim the problems were quickly solved , but sworn statements and affidavits say otherwise .
They confirm similar problems in Franklin County ( Columbus ) .
Kerry 's margins in both counties were suspiciously low .
A voting machine in Mahoning County recorded a negative 25 million votes for Kerry .
The problem was allegedly fixed .
In Gahanna Ward 1B , at a fundamentalist church , a so - called " electronic transfer glitch " gave Bush nearly 4000 extra votes when only 638 people voted at that polling place .
The tally was allegedly corrected , but remains infamous as the " loaves and fishes " vote count .
In Franklin County , dozens of voters swore under oath that their vote for Kerry faded away on the DRE without a paper trail .
In Miami County , at 1:43 am after Election Day , with the county 's central tabulator reporting 100 % of the vote - 19,000 more votes mysteriously arrived ; 13,000 were for Bush at the same percentage as prior to the additional votes , a virtual statistical impossibility .
In Cleveland , large , entirely implausible vote totals turned up for obscure third party candidates in traditional Democratic African - American wards .
Vote counts in neighboring wards showed virtually no votes for those candidates , with 90 % going instead for Kerry .
Prior to one of Blackwell 's illegitimate " show recounts , " technicians from Triad voting machine company showed up unannounced at the Hocking County Board of Elections and removed the computer hard drive .
In response to official information requests , Shelby and other counties admit to having discarded key records and equipment before any recount could take place .
In a conference call with Rev. Jackson , Attorney Cliff Arnebeck , Attorney Bob Fitrakis and others , John Kerry confirmed that he lost every precinct in New Mexico that had a touchscreen voting machine .
The losses had no correlation with ethnicity , social class or traditional party affiliation --- only with the fact that touchscreen machines were used .
In a public letter , Rep. Conyers has stated that " by and large , when it comes to a voting machine , the average voter is getting a lemon - the Ford Pinto of voting technology .
We must demand better . "
As a legal noose appears to be tightening around the Bush / Cheney / Rove inner circle , a shocking government report shows the floor under the legitimacy of their alleged election to the White House is crumbling .
The latest critical confirmation of key indicators that the election of 2004 was stolen comes in an extremely powerful , penetrating report from the Government Accountability Office that has gotten virtually no mainstream media coverage .
Click here for GAO Report
The government 's lead investigative agency is known for its general incorruptibility and its thorough , in - depth analyses .
Its concurrence with assertions widely dismissed as " conspiracy theories " adds crucial new weight to the case that Team Bush has no legitimate business being in the White House .
Nearly a year ago , senior Judiciary Committee Democrat John Conyers ( D - MI ) asked the GAO to investigate electronic voting machines as they were used during the November 2 , 2004 presidential election .
The request came amidst widespread complaints in Ohio and elsewhere that often shocking irregularities defined their performance .
According to CNN , the U.S. House Judiciary Committee received " more than 57,000 complaints " following Bush 's alleged re-election .
Many such concerns were memorialized under oath in a series of sworn statements and affidavits in public hearings and investigations conducted in Ohio by the Free Press and other election protection organizations .
The non-partisan GAO report has now found that , " some of [ the ] concerns about electronic voting machines have been realized and have caused problems with recent elections , resulting in the loss and miscount of votes .
" The United States is the only major democracy that allows private partisan corporations to secretly count and tabulate the votes with proprietary non-transparent software .
Rev. Jesse Jackson , among others , has asserted that " public elections must not be conducted on privately - owned machines . "
The CEO of one of the most crucial suppliers of electronic voting machines , Warren O'Dell of Diebold , pledged before the 2004 campaign to deliver Ohio and thus the presidency to George W. Bush .
Bush 's official margin of victory in Ohio was just 118,775 votes out of more than 5.6 million cast .
Election protection advocates argue that O'Dell 's statement still stands as a clear sign of an effort , apparently successful , to steal the White House .
Among other things , the GAO confirms that : 1 . Some electronic voting machines " did not encrypt cast ballots or system audit logs , and it was possible to alter both without being detected . "
In other words , the GAO now confirms that electronic voting machines provided an open door to flip an entire vote count .
More than 800,000 votes were cast in Ohio on electronic voting machines , some seven times Bush 's official margin of victory .
2 . " It was possible to alter the files that define how a ballot looks and works so that the votes for one candidate could be recorded for a different candidate . "
Numerous sworn statements and affidavits assert that this did happen in Ohio 2004.3 .
" Vendors installed uncertified versions of voting system software at the local level . "
3 . Falsifying election results without leaving any evidence of such an action by using altered memory cards can easily be done , according to the GAO.4 .
The GAO also confirms that access to the voting network was easily compromised because not all digital recording electronic voting systems ( DREs ) had supervisory functions password - protected , so access to one machine provided access to the whole network .
This critical finding confirms that rigging the 2004 vote did not require a " widespread conspiracy " but rather the cooperation of a very small number of operatives with the power to tap into the networked machines and thus change large numbers of votes at will .
With 800,000 votes cast on electronic machines in Ohio , flipping the number needed to give Bush 118,775 could be easily done by just one programmer .
5 .
Access to the voting network was also compromised by repeated use of the same user IDs combined with easily guessed passwords .
So even relatively amateur hackers could have gained access to and altered the Ohio vote tallies .
6 .
The locks protecting access to the system were easily picked and keys were simple to copy , meaning , again , getting into the system was an easy matter .
7 .
One DRE model was shown to have been networked in such a rudimentary fashion that a power failure on one machine would cause the entire network to fail , re-emphasizing the fragility of the system on which the Presidency of the United States was decided .
8. GAO identified further problems with the security protocols and background screening practices for vendor personnel , confirming still more easy access to the system .
In essence , the GAO study makes it clear that no bank , grocery store or mom & pop chop shop would dare operate its business on a computer system as flimsy , fragile and easily manipulated as the one on which the 2004 election turned .
The GAO findings are particularly damning when set in the context of an election run in Ohio by a Secretary of State simultaneously working as co-chair of the Bush - Cheney campaign .
Far from what election theft skeptics have long asserted , the GAO findings confirm that the electronic network on which 800,000
Ohio votes were cast was vulnerable enough to allow a a tiny handful of operatives -- or less -- to turn the whole vote count using personal computers operating on relatively simple software .
The GAO documentation flows alongside other crucial realities surrounding the 2004 vote count .
For example : But the GAO report now confirms that electronic voting machines as deployed in 2004 were in fact perfectly engineered to allow a very small number of partisans with minimal computer skills and equipment to shift enough votes to put George W. Bush back in the White House .
Given the growing body of evidence , it appears increasingly clear that 's exactly what happened .
Revised 10/27/05 Bob Fitrakis & Harvey Wasserman are co-authors of HOW THE GOP STOLE AMERICA'S 2004 ELECTION & IS RIGGING 2008 , available via http://freepress.org and http://harveywasserman.com .
Their WHAT HAPPENED IN OHIO , with Steve Rosenfeld , will be published in Spring , 2006 , by New Press .
$ 5 lotto tiff to cost state $ 1.1 million From Hussein Saddique
CNN
Indiana 's Hoosier Lottery has spent nearly $ 500,000 in legal fees over a claim for $ 5 .
YOUR E-MAIL ALERTS Indiana Gaming and Lotteries Lawsuits or or Create Your Own ( CNN ) --
A dispute over a winning lottery ticket would have cost Indiana 's Hoosier Lottery $ 5 to resolve in 1997 .
Now it will cost more than $ 1 million to settle in court .
Tom H. Smith , of Indianapolis , Indiana , bought an instant - win , scratch - off lottery ticket in 1996 , which awarded him a $ 5 prize .
Smith did n't redeem his ticket until several months later when , he was told , it was too late to collect the prize .
Smith appealed to the Indiana State Lottery Commission , insisting that he had no way of knowing when the game ended .
When his claim was rejected , he sued the agency for damages .
His suit eventually became a class - action suit that brought in other ticket holders .
Hoosier Lottery Executive Director Esther Schneider told CNN the agency has spent almost $ 500,000 in legal fees on the case since 1997 .
A proposed settlement will create a $ 600,000 fund to resolve this and other disputes with lottery claimants , she added .
" This was probably mishandled from the beginning , " Schneider said .
" In nine years there were n't any any attempts made to come to a reasonable settlement ... [ because ] the previous administration 's policy was not to settle . "
Schneider was appointed in 2004 by Republican Gov. Mitch Daniels , who unseated a Democratic administration .
" When I came into this office , I said , ' How can we put an end to this ? ' " she said .
The proposed settlement , which a judge still has to approve , will award Smith $ 15,000 in damages to be provided from the $ 600,000 fund .
In addition to the award paid out to Smith , the fund will cover plaintiffs ' attorneys fees in the class - action suit and fund administration costs , according to Schneider .
" Whatever is left will be for claimants , " she said .
The lottery has changed its practices since the lawsuit was filed and now prints the dates by which lottery ticket holders must claim their prizes , Schneider said .
Home Page
Get up - to - the minute news from CNN CNN.com gives you the latest stories and video from the around the world , with in - depth coverage of U.S. news , politics , entertainment , health , crime , tech and more .
Home Page
Get up - to - the minute news from CNN CNN.com gives you the latest stories and video from the around the world , with in - depth coverage of U.S. news , politics , entertainment , health , crime , tech and more .
Area of Practice Divorce Family Law Criminal Law Bankruptcy Immigration Real Estate Personal Injury Medical Malpractice Wills and Probate Employment Law Business Law Civil Rights Child Custody Intellectual Property Automobile Accidents General Practice Other
City : State AK AL AR AZ CA CO CT DC DE FL GA GU HI IA ID IL IN KS KY LA MA MD ME MI MN MO MS MT NC ND NE NH NJ NM NV NY OH OK OR PA RI SC SD TN TX UT VA VT WA WI WV WY --- AB BC MB NB NF NS NW ON PE QU SK YT
Desperate Petunia
Yesterday I had one cat - induced thermal shutdown of that machine , plus one ctrl - paw - delete .
Posted by jjwiseman at May 24 , 2006 11:29 AM
In Mexico , 2.5 Million Missing Votes Reappear : López Obrador Reduces Calderón ’s Official Margin to 0.6 percent IFE ’s Claim that 98.5 Percent of Votes Had Been Counted Was False : Authorities Now Oppose Recount
By Al Giordano
Part I of a Special Series for The Narco News Bulletin Today , in Mexico , begins a “ recount ” of votes cast in Sunday ’s presidential election … in which the umpires are refusing to recount the votes .
Election authorities of the Federal Electoral Institute ( IFE , in its Spanish initials ) closed ranks on Tuesday with the National Action Party ( PAN ) of President Vicente Fox and candidate Felipe Calderón to oppose the actual recounting the votes .
This , on the heels of Tuesday ’s “ discovery ” of 2.5 million votes hidden by IFE since Sunday ’s election , added to a growing body of evidence – and corresponding public distrust in the institutions – that a gargantuan electoral fraud has been perpetrated .
The partial “ recount ” began at 8 a.m. on Wednesday , in Mexico ’s 300 election districts – each with an average of 400 polling places and 140,000 votes to tabulate – and sparks are already flying over the struggle to conduct an authentic count in the sunlight of public scrutiny .
Attorneys and party bosses of the PAN – whose triumphalism has turned to visible panic in recent hours – have orders from headquarters to universally oppose the reopening of any ballot boxes and subsequent public accounting of the actual number of votes cast for each candidate .
On the other side , representatives of the Democratic Revolution Party ( PRD ) of candidate Andrés Manuel López Obrador and many outraged citizens armed with video cameras have besieged the 300 recount locales demanding an actual ballot - by - ballot recount .
This first stage of the process is likely to take days : Results from more than 11,000 precincts ( the ones hidden by IFE – in most of them , López Obrador won the vote ) that must be recounted , vote - by - vote , in accordance with Mexican electoral law .
That is an average of almost 40 polling places per district .
And with two well - organized sides battling over whether the votes will be counted aloud , combined with the stonewalling incompetence that has been IFE ’s trademark , an already fragile process is coming apart at the seams .
Police cordon a Nezahuacoyotl garbage dump where ballots and ballot - boxes from three precincts won by López Obrador were discovered on Tuesday .
Photo : D.R. 2006 El Universal
One of the major problems for IFE and the Fox administration is that if they were to allow the bread - and - butter recount that the public demands , the ugly truth would come out that an unknown number of ballot boxes have “ disappeared ” in the past two days .
The ballots from three precincts in the city of Nezahuacoyotl – a López Obrador stronghold – were discovered yesterday in the municipal garbage dump .
The results from two of those precincts have been missing , since Sunday , from IFE ’s vote tallies .
An IFE official , ambushed by television reporters , exacerbated the crime yesterday when she blamed the Mexican military : the Armed Forces , not IFE , are supposedly guarding the ballots , she said , in defense of her bureaucracy .
This , sources close to the military told Narco News , produced significant anger among the military generals and troops who – if the public does not believe or accept IFE ’s final decision – will be called upon to quell the national rebellion that follows .
One of the major problems forand the Fox administration is that if they were to allow the bread - and - butter recount that the public demands , the ugly truth would come out that an unknown number of ballot boxes have “ disappeared ” in the past two days .
The ballots from three precincts in the city of Nezahuacoyotl – a López Obrador stronghold – were discovered yesterday in the municipal garbage dump .
The results from two of those precincts have been missing , since Sunday , from ’s vote tallies .
Anofficial , ambushed by television reporters , exacerbated the crime yesterday when she blamed the Mexican military : the Armed Forces , not , are supposedly guarding the ballots , she said , in defense of her bureaucracy .
This , sources close to the military told Narco News , produced significant anger among the military generals and troops who – if the public does not believe or accept ’s final decision – will be called upon to quell the national rebellion that follows .
The Armed Forces are understandably concerned about the very real possibility that history will be repeated : that they will be turned into the scapegoats of a process - gone - awry .
If , as in the 1960s and 1970s , the military is to be called upon to repress a civilian population ’s protests , highway blockades , strikes and occupations of government centers – steps that are inevitable if IFE refuses to recount the votes in public – the generals will be turned into the primary recipients of the national and global repudiation that follows .
Significantly , and distinct from the presidential elections six years ago , the Armed Forces have remained totally silent .
Missing from the usual script are the previously obligatory statements by the military that it will unconditionally back IFE ’s verdict .
There is the real possibility that if President Fox decides to try to quell the social unrest , that the military will refuse to become his enforcing patsy .
Although many and vast , the various federal police agencies do not count with the numbers to successfully contain a national revolt .
The events of June 14 in Oaxaca , when 15,000 striking teachers repelled the dawn attack by 3,000 riot cops , is still fresh in the collective memory .
With mere sticks and stones they beat back the batons , shields , teargas bazookas , and real bullets from real guns , of the invading police , sent them running in retreat , and took back 56 blocks of the city ’s downtown .
The Mexico from below is more organized , united , and sophisticated than ever before .
And , perhaps ironically , it is precisely in the states traveled in recent months by the Zapatista anti-electoral Other Campaign and its Subcomandante Marcos where the electorate voted most heavily for López Obrador and where the conditions most evidently exist to defend that vote in the streets and on the highways if need be .
The IFE ’s Foul Play
The malicious behavior by the Federal Electoral Institute and its chairman Luis Carlos Ugalde – in their visible maneuvers partial to Fox ’s PAN and Calderón throughout the election season and since – was evident prior to the election , but on Sunday night became clear as never before to the Mexican public .
On Monday , the bias of the “ umpire ” became clearer as hundreds of specific examples of fraudulent vote counts began to surface across the Internet .
On Tuesday , more so , when Ugalde and IFE were caught red - handed in a big lie : their knowingly false claim that the preliminary results system had tabulated “ 98.5 percent ” of the vote when , in fact , the IFE had hidden 3.3 million ( more than seven percent ) of the precinct tallies from public view .
Proceso magazine , on Monday , put IFE chief Luis Carlos Ugalde on its cover with the headline “ Arbitro Complice ” ( “ Complicit Umpire ” )
The cauldron that contained the public desire for a democracy long denied began to boil over when the IFE and the two national networks – Televisa and TV Azteca – decided to withhold their exit poll results from the public on Sunday night .
This left the IFE ’s Preliminary Election Results Program ( PREP ) as the only public source of information .
Statisticians and mathematicians are having a field day with the manner in which IFE selectively released results to create a false impression that Calderón was the victor .
Some speak of computer - generated fraud and scientific concepts such as “ algorithms ” that warped IFE ’s PREP results – your reporter is agnostic , so far , on whether that kind of fraud was committed – but there is one indisputable fact that reveals IFE ’s one - sided control of the flow of information , and it has nothing to do with fancy scientific concepts .
Although IFE ’s own preliminary numbers today show a difference of only 0.64 percent between PAN and PRD votes , on election night and into Monday IFE selectively rationed the release of partial results to , at each step , portray Calderón as the winner .
The cauldron that contained the public desire for a democracy long denied began to boil over when theand the two national networks – Televisa and Azteca – decided to withhold their exit poll results from the public on Sunday night .
This left the ’s Preliminary Election Results Program ( PREP ) as the only public source of information .
Statisticians and mathematicians are having a field day with the manner in whichselectively released results to create a false impression that Calderón was the victor .
Some speak of computer - generated fraud and scientific concepts such as “ algorithms ” that warped ’sresults – your reporter is agnostic , so far , on whether that kind of fraud was committed – but there is one indisputable fact that reveals ’s one - sided control of the flow of information , and it has nothing to do with fancy scientific concepts .
Although ’s own preliminary numbers today show a difference of only 0.64 percent betweenandvotes , on election night and into Mondayselectively rationed the release of partial results to , at each step , portray Calderón as the winner .
The first maneuver was transparent enough : IFE began its online preliminary count on Sunday by selecting result estimates mainly from the Northern Mexican states where Calderón won the vote .
This was evident on the IFE PREP results because they were listed state - by - state and also by the five electoral regions of Mexico .
Less than an hour after polls closed – at 6:57 p.m. – the earliest IFE results claimed Calderón had 40.87 percent to just 33.69 percent for López Obrador ; a difference of more than seven percentage points .
But look at this “ photograph ” of that moment in time .
Graphic : IFE preliminary count at 6:57 p.m. on Sunday .
Click for larger version .
“ Circunscripción 2 , ” circled in red , represents the northern region of Mexico – where all polls showed to be Calderón ’s strongest support and López Obrador ’s weakest – and although it represents only 20 percent of the country ’s population , IFE led with its numbers as 40 percent of its preliminary vote total .
The region is far from IFE headquarters in Mexico City .
It is the most geographically disperse region , too , making it a slower process to get the results in to Mexico City .
But IFE doubled its statistical influence from this region in the first hour to simulate a false impression that Calderón was far in the lead .
“ Circunscripción 2 , ” circled in red , represents the northern region of Mexico – where all polls showed to be Calderón ’s strongest support and López Obrador ’s weakest – and although it represents only 20 percent of the country ’s population , led with its numbers as 40 percent of its preliminary vote total .
The region is far fromheadquarters in Mexico City .
It is the most geographically disperse region , too , making it a slower process to get the results in to Mexico City .
Butdoubled its statistical influence from this region in the first hour to simulate a false impression that Calderón was far in the lead .
And so it went , all night long .
With each and every update , IFE selectively released the vote tallies in a manner that kept Calderón in the lead .
This is statistically impossible to do with a final tally of 0.6 percent difference between the two candidates ( such a process with a close vote would , if reported as results came in , always show the tally tipping back and forth from one candidate to the other ) – unless the results were being rationed selectively .
( As example , at noon today , with 25 percent of precinct results tabulated in this very first stage of the recount , López Obrador has 36.98 percent to 34.39 percent for Calderón : the man “ in the lead ” is likely to tip back and forth all day as occurs in close races .
That is what IFE ’s PREP results would have shown on Sunday night and Monday , had it truly entered the preliminary results randomly as they came in . )
As Sunday night marched into Monday morning , López Obrador closed the gap .
Until 70 percent of the preliminary results were tallied , the López Obrador vote rose in a straight and steady line ( see red line on chart ) .
But suddenly , with between 70 and 80 percent of the preliminary results tallied , the trajectory that would have put López Obrador in the lead when less than 90 percent of the votes had been counted , took a swift downturn , exactly corresponding to a swift upturn by the third - place candidate Roberto Madrazo of the Institutional Revolutionary Party ( PRI ) , represented by the green line on the chart .
As Sunday night marched into Monday morning , López Obrador closed the gap .
Until 70 percent of the preliminary results were tallied , the López Obrador vote rose in a straight and steady line ( see red line on chart ) .
But suddenly , with between 70 and 80 percent of the preliminary results tallied , the trajectory that would have put López Obrador in the lead when less than 90 percent of the votes had been counted , took a swift downturn , exactly corresponding to a swift upturn by the third - place candidate Roberto Madrazo of the Institutional Revolutionary Party ( PRI ) , represented by the green line on the chart .
Defenders of IFE explain this suspicious turn of events as one of “ the rural precincts coming in last , ” where PRI was expected to do better .
But rural district voters constituted the weakest vote for Calderón across the country ; he came in a distant third among rural farmers .
As the line graph shows , in that latter stage of the posting of PREP results , Calderón ’s vote trajectory continues to run in the same downward straight line that it had traveled since early in the night .
Had these truly been numbers from rural districts , his trajectory ( the blue line ) would have dipped significantly farther below .
On Monday , IFE closed its preliminary results , claiming that it had counted 98.5 percent of the precincts .
With Calderon up by 377,000 votes ( about 1.4 percent ) it seemed to the casual observer that his lead was insurmountable .
The problem is , the IFE did not tell the truth .
Only about 92 percent of the preliminary tallies had been included in that count , leaving 3.3 million votes out of the count .
The claim – posted with the PREP results – that 98.5 percent had been counted was knowingly false .
It was intended , as has every step taken by IFE in the vote counting , to create the false impression of a clear lead by the candidate of the State , Felipe Calderón .
This was a blatant act of tampering with the PREP results by Ugalde and IFE officials .
As IFE ’s own website says : “ La alteración de estos resultados es delito federal . ”
That means , “ Alteration of these results is a federal crime . ”
The selective withholding of those results on Sunday and since – again , and again , and again – constitutes multiple counts of what ought to be a criminal charge against those IFE officials responsible for withholding the tallies and also for falsely claiming that 98.5 percent had been counted and included in the final PREP tally when they knew it to be false .
The Missing Three Million Votes When , on Monday , Andrés Manuel López Obrador accused the IFE of hiding 3.3 million votes , Commercial Media pundits and columnists scoffed , accused him of conspiracy theories , and continued their permanent campaign to marginalize him and his supporters .
But by Tuesday afternoon , IFE suddenly “ found ” 2.5 million of those missing votes .
It is difficult to believe anything IFE or Ugalde say at this point given the documented deceptions they carried out on Sunday and Monday , but even IFE ’s accounting of those 2.5 million suddenly reappeared votes shows a strong lead by – surprise , surprise – López Obrador : Obrador ( PRD ) : 888,971
Madrazo ( PRI ) : 809,003
Calderón ( PAN ) : 743,795
Mercado ( ASD ) : 28,040
Campa ( NA ) : 13,096
Write-ins : 15,019
Nullified votes : 82,452
Not counting the “ nullified ” votes , this narrowed Calderón ’s purported lead by 145,000 votes ; nearly halving his supposed margin to 0.64 percent , or roughly 257,000 votes – less than two votes in each of 130,000 precincts .
As part II of this series will demonstrate , there is a consistent pattern of “ vote shaving ” against López Obrador between the official voting tallies ( known as “ actas ” ) in precincts throughout the nation , and the PREP results .
Narco News will publish photographs of the official actas and demonstrate how the PREP results published by IFE shaved handfuls of votes from López Obrador ’s local tallies – sometimes two , or three , or six votes ; and frequently simply by chopping off a digit ( in one case , for example , changing the PRD candidate ’s tally from 188 to 88 ) .
There are more missing precincts ( with more than 700,000 votes ) , plus at least 909,000 “ nullified ” votes that , given IFE ’s clear bias and unfair handling of the votes , must be reopened to find if there truly were grounds to nullify them .
There is more , so much more , to report .
But the facts above alone obligate a full recount , ballot - by - ballot .
And it is revealing that Calderón , Fox ’s PAN and the IFE are stonewalling in opposition to a public recount , while López Obrador and the PRD are insisting on it .
“ El que nada debe , nada teme , ” is a popular Mexican expression :
He who owes nothing , fears nothing .
If they are so sure they “ won , ” why do they oppose a full recount ?
At stake : criminal penalties for IFE bureaucrats if it is found that ballots were tampered with or “ disappeared . ”
That is one fear .
The other – justified or not – is who wins the presidency of the Republic of Mexico .
If the IFE tries to rush to judgment and declare a winner prior to a full recount , Mexico will explode .
The IFE , the PAN , Fox and Calderón are thus playing with fire .
To be continued …
Share | Click here for more Narco News coverage of Mexico Lea Ud. el Artículo en Español
Email this story to a friend
Narco News is funded by your contributions to The Fund for Authentic Journalism .
Please make journalism like this possible by going to The Fund 's web site and making a contribution today .
- The Fund for Authentic Journalism For more Narco News , click here .
Our editors have compiled a list of five gadgets that will definitely break the bank .
If we happened to miss any , please leave us a comment .
“ Continue reading ” for the full list .
Honorable Mention – $ 130,000 Keymat YALOS Diamond LCD
That ’s right , Keymat ‘s YALOS Diamond LCD TV costs a whopping $ 130,000 .
It features “ white gold plating and at least 160 diamonds totaling to a minimum of 20 carats . ”
Other specifications have not yet been released .
[ Source ]
5. $ 22,587 Luxury Shower
For the ultimate shower experience , check out Duravit ’s “ multi- function shower ” by Jochen Schmiddem ” .
This $ 22,587 setup consists of two 170 cm benches , silicon - free safety glass , water - resistant shelves , LED - enabled chromatherapy , built - in sound system , and touch - display controls .
[ Source ]
4. $ 30,000 One - Man Helicopter
If flying is your thing , check out the GEN H - 4 .
Powered by 4 x 125 cc 2 - cylinder engines , the H - 4 boasts “ 2 sets of coaxial , contra - rotating rotors , which eliminates the need for a tail rotor . ”
Two caveats : you have to build it yourself and it costs $ 30,000 .
Product page here .
The GEN H - 4 can fly to a maximum altitude of 1000 meters at a top speed of 90 km / hr ( 59 mph ) for up to 30 minutes
[ Source ]
3. Million Dollar Cell Phone
Put simply , Gold Vish ’s “ Le Million De Lu Nuit ” is the world ’s most expensive cell phone — encrusted with 120 carats worth of VVS - 1 grade diamonds .
It features a camera with 8 x digital zoom , 2GB of memory , Bluetooth , MP3 player , USB connectivity , EDGE , and an FM tuner .
There ’s only one available in the world , designed by Emmanuel Gueit .
[ Source ]
2. $ 1.53 - Million MagLev Bed
According to Dutch - site Revu , the world ’s first “ floating magnetically levitating bed ” ( scale model ) has been unveiled at the Miljonaire fair in Kortrijk .
One drawback , it ’s priced at a whopping $ 1.53 - million ( 1.2 - million euros ) .
Designed by Dutchman Janjaap Ruijssenaars , it ’s got enough magnets to keep 900 kilograms ( 1,984 pounds ) floating in the air .
To make sure that the bed does n’t float away should it become windy ( or “ interesting , ” wink wink ) , it ’s tethered to the walls by four cables
[ Source 1 – 2 ]
1. $ 313,985 Wearable Robot Suit
Created by Masaaki Nagumo , the “ Land Walker ” is a wearable robot suit — think Mobile Suit Gundam — that stands 3.4 m high and weighs a hefty 907kg ( 1 - ton ) — “ can walk forward , backward or sideways at 1.5 kph by operating four pedals , and shoots sponge bullets from two air guns installed beside the cockpit . ”
Available now in Japan , priced at a whopping $ 313,985USD .
DIGG THIS
High Philosophy and Low Comedy
The critics of South Park — and they are legion — bitterly complain about its relentless obscenity and potty humor .
And they have a legitimate point .
But if one wanted to mount a high - minded defense of the show 's low - minded vulgarity , one might go all the way back to Plato ( 427–347 bce ) to find a link between philosophy and obscenity .
Toward the end of his dialogue Symposium , a young Athenian nobleman named Alcibiades offers a striking image of the power of Socrates .
He compares the philosopher 's speeches to a statue of the satyr Silenus , which is ugly on the outside but which , when opened up , reveals a beautiful interior : u201CIf you choose to listen to Socrates ' discourses you would feel them at first to be quite ridiculous ; on the outside they are clothed with such absurd words and phrases .
His talk is of pack - asses , smiths , cobblers , and tanners , so that anyone inexpert and thoughtless might laugh his speeches to scorn .
But when these are opened , you will discover that they are the only speeches which have any sense in them.u201D [ 1 ]
These words characterize equally well the contrast between the vulgar surface and the philosophical depth of the dialogue in which they are spoken .
The Symposium contains some of the most soaring and profound philosophical speculations ever written .
And yet in the middle of the dialogue the comic poet Aristophanes comes down with a bad case of hiccoughs that prevents him from speaking in turn .
By the end of the dialogue , all the characters except Socrates have consumed so much wine that they pass out in a collective drunken stupor .
In a dialogue about the spiritual and physical dimensions of love , Plato suggests that , however philosophical we may wax in our speeches , we remain creatures of the body and can never entirely escape its crude bodily functions .
In the way that the Symposium moves back and forth between the ridiculous and the sublime , Plato seems to be making a statement about philosophy — that it has something in common with low comedy .
Both philosophy and obscene humor fly in the face of conventional opinion .
I 'm not sure what Plato would have made of South Park , but his Silenus image fits the show quite well .
South Park is at one and the same time the most vulgar and the most philosophical show ever to appear on television .
Its vulgarity is of course the first thing one notices about it , given its obsession with farting , shitting , vomiting , and every other excretory possibility .
As Plato 's dialogue suggests , it 's all too easy to become fixated on the vulgar and obscene surface of South Park , rejecting out of hand a show that chose to make a Christmas icon out of a talking turd named Mr. Hankey .
But if one is patient with South Park , and gives the show the benefit of the doubt , it turns out to be genuinely thought provoking , taking up one serious issue after another , from environmentalism and animal rights to assisted suicide and sexual harassment .
And , as we shall see , the show approaches all these issues from a distinct philosophical position , what is known as libertarianism , the philosophy of freedom .
I know of no television program that has so consistently pursued a philosophical agenda , week after week , season after season .
If anything , the show can become too didactic , with episodes often culminating in a character delivering a speech that offers a surprisingly balanced and nuanced account of the issue at hand .
Plato 's Symposium is useful for showing that vulgarity and philosophical thought are not necessarily antithetical .
Before dismissing South Park , we should recall that some of the greatest comic writers — Aristophanes , Chaucer , Rabelais , Shakespeare , Ben Jonson , Voltaire , Jonathan Swift — plumbed the depths of obscenity even as they rose to the heights of philosophical thought .
The same intellectual courage that emboldened them to defy conventional proprieties empowered them to reject conventional ideas and break through the intellectual frontiers of their day .
Without claiming that South Park deserves to rank with such distinguished predecessors , I will say that the show descends from a long tradition of comedy that ever since ancient Athens has combined obscenity with philosophy .
There are almost as many fart jokes in Aristophanes ' play The Clouds as there are in a typical episode of The Terrance and Philip Show in South Park .
In fact , in the earliest dramatic representation of Socrates that has come down to us , he is making fart jokes as he tries to explain to a dumb Athenian named Strepsiades that thunder is a purely natural phenomenon and not the work of the great god Zeus : u201C First think of the tiny fart that your intestines make .
Then consider the heavens : their infinite farting is thunder .
For thunder and farting are , in principle , one and the same.u201D [ 2 ]
Cartman could n't have said it better .
Speaking the Unspeakable
Those who condemn South Park for being offensive need to be reminded that comedy is by its very nature offensive .
It derives its energy from its transgressive power , its ability to break taboos , to speak the unspeakable .
Comedians are always pushing the envelope , probing to see how much they can get away with in violating the speech codes of their day .
Comedy is a social safety valve .
We laugh precisely because the comedian momentarily liberates us from the restrictions that conventional society imposes on us .
We applaud the comedian because he says right out in front of an audience what , supposedly , nobody is allowed to say in public .
Paradoxically , then , the more permissive American society has become , the harder it has become to write comedy .
As censorship laws have been relaxed , and people have been allowed to say and show almost anything in movies and television — above all to deal with formerly taboo sexual material — comedy writers like the creators of South Park , Trey Parker and Matt Stone , must have begun to wonder if there was any way left to offend an audience .
The genius of Parker and Stone was to see that in our day a new frontier of comic transgression has opened up because of the phenomenon known as political correctness .
Our age may have tried to dispense with the conventional pieties of earlier generations , but it has developed new pieties of its own .
They may not look like the traditional pieties , but they are enforced in the same old way , with social pressures and sometimes even legal sanctions punishing people who dare to violate the new taboos .
Many of our colleges and universities today have speech codes , which seek to define what can and cannot be said on campus , and in particular to prohibit anything that might be interpreted as demeaning someone because of his or her race , religion , gender , handicap , and a whole series of other protected categories .
Sex may no longer be taboo in our society , but sexism now is .
Seinfeld was probably the first television comedy that systematically violated the new taboos of political correctness .
The show repeatedly made fun of contemporary sensitivities about such issues as sexual orientation , ethnic identity , feminism , and handicapped people .
Seinfeld proved that being politically incorrect can be hilariously funny in today 's moral and intellectual climate , and South Park was quick to follow its lead .
The show has mercilessly satirized all forms of political correctness — anti-hate crime legislation , tolerance indoctrination in the schools , Hollywood do - gooding of all kinds , including environmentalism and anti-smoking campaigns , the Americans with Disabilities Act and the Special Olympics — the list goes on and on .
It 's hard to single out the most politically incorrect moment in the history of South Park , but I 'll nominate the spectacular u201 Ccripple fightu201D in the fifth season episode of that name — and indeed just look at the politically incorrect name to describe what happens when two u201 Cdifferently abled , u201D or rather u201 Chandi- capableu201D boys named Timmy and Jimmy square off for a violent — and interminable — battle in the streets of South Park .
The show obviously relishes the sheer shock value of moments such as this .
But more is going on here than transgressing the boundaries of good taste just for transgression 's sake .
This is where the philosophy of libertarianism enters the picture in South Park .
The show criticizes political correctness in the name of freedom .
A Plague on Both Your Houses
That is why South Park is in fact an equal opportunity satirist ; it often makes fun of the old pieties as well as the new , savaging both the right and the left insofar as they both seek to restrict freedom .
u201 CCripple Fightu201D is an excellent example of the balance and evenhandedness of South Park , and the way it can offend both ends of the political spectrum .
The episode deals in typical South Park fashion with a contemporary controversy , one that has even made it into the courts : whether homosexuals should be allowed to lead Boy Scout troops .
The episode makes fun of the old - fashioned types in the town who insist on denying a troop leadership to Big Gay Al ( a recurrent character whose name says it all ) .
It turns out that the ostensibly straight man the Boy Scouts choose to replace Big Gay Al is a real pedophile who starts abusing the boys immediately by photographing them naked .
As it frequently does , South Park , even as it stereotypes homosexuals , displays sympathy for them and their right to live their lives as they see fit .
But just as the episode seems to be simply taking the side of those who condemn the Boy Scouts for homophobia , it swerves in an unexpected direction .
Big Gay
Al himself defends the right of the Boy Scouts to exclude homosexuals on the principle of freedom of association .
An organization should be able to set up its own rules and the law should not be able to impose society 's notions of political correctness on a private group .
This episode represents South Park at its best — looking at a complicated issue from both sides and coming up with a judicious resolution of the issue .
And the principle on which the issue is resolved is freedom .
As the episode shows , Big Gay Al should be free to be homosexual , but the Boy Scouts should also be free as an organization to make their own rules and exclude him from a leadership post if they want to .
Nothing could be more calculated to make South Park offensive to the politically correct than this libertarianism , for if applied consistently it would dismantle the whole apparatus of speech control and thought manipulation that do - gooders have tried to construct to protect their favored minorities .
Libertarianism is a philosophy of radical freedom , and particularly celebrates the free market as a form of social organization .
As a philosophy , it descends from the thinking of the Scottish Enlightenment in the eighteenth - century , social philosophers such as Adam Smith ( 1723–90 ) , who argued for free trade and the reduction of government intervention in the economy .
Libertarianism is especially grounded in the work of the Austrian School of economics , and above all the writings of Ludwig von Mises ( 1881 –1973 ) and Friedrich Hayek ( 1899 –1992 ) , who offer the most uncompromising defense of unfettered economic activity as the key to prosperity and progress . [ 3 ]
The word libertarianism was popularized by Murray Rothbard ( 1926–95 ) , a student of Mises , who developed the most radical critique of state interference in economic and social life — a philosophy of freedom that borders on anarchism . [ 4 ]
With its support for unconditional freedom in all areas of life , libertarianism defies categorization in terms of the standard one - dimensional political spectrum of right and left .
In opposition to the collectivist and anti-capitalist vision of the left , libertarians reject all forms of economic planning and want people to be left alone to pursue their self - interest as they see fit .
But in contrast to conservatives , libertarians also oppose social legislation , and generally favor the legalization of drugs and the abolition of all censorship and anti-pornography laws .
Parker and Stone have publicly identified themselves as libertarians , which might explain why their show ends up offending both liberals and conservatives .
As Parker has said : u201CWe avoid extremes but we hate liberals more than conservatives , and we hate them.u201D [ 5 ]
This does seem to be an accurate assessment of the leanings of the show — even though it is no friend of the right , South Park is more likely to go after leftwing causes .
Defending the Undefendable
Thus the libertarianism of Parker and Stone places them at odds with the intellectual establishment of contemporary America .
In the academic world , much of the media , and a large part of the entertainment business , especially the Hollywood elite , anti-capitalist views generally prevail . [ 6 ]
Studies have shown that businessmen are usually portrayed in an unfavorable light in movies and television . [ 7 ]
South Park takes particular delight in skewering the Hollywood stars who exploit their celebrity to conduct liberal or leftwing campaigns against the workings of the free market ( Barbra Streisand , Rob Reiner , Sally Struthers , and George Clooney are among the celebrities the show has pilloried ) .
Nothing is more distinctive about South Park than its willingness to celebrate the free market , and even to come to the defense of what is evidently the most hated institution in Hollywood , the corporation .
For example , in the episode u201CDie Hippie Die, u201D Cartman fights the countercultural forces that invade South Park and mindlessly blame all the troubles of America on u201 Cthe corporations .
u201D
Of all South Park episodes , u201CGnomesu201D offers the most fully developed defense of capitalism , and I will attempt a comprehensive interpretation of it in order to demonstrate how genuinely intelligent and thoughtful the show can be .
Like the episode u201CSomething Wall - Mart This Way Comes , u201D u201CGnomesu201D deals with a common charge against the free market — that it allows large corporations to drive small businesses into the ground , much to the detriment of consumers .
In u201CGnomesu201D a national coffee chain called Harbucks — an obvious reference to Starbucks — comes to South Park and tries to buy out the local Tweek Bros. coffee shop .
Mr. Tweek casts himself as the hero of the story , a small business David battling a corporate Goliath .
The episode satirizes the cheap anti-capitalist rhetoric in which such conflicts are usually formulated in contemporary America , with the small business shown to be purely good and the giant corporation shown to be purely evil .
u201CGnomesu201D systematically deconstructs this simplistic opposition .
In the conventional picture , the small businessman is presented as somehow being a public servant , unconcerned with profits , simply a friend to his customers , whereas the corporation is presented as greedy and uncaring , doing nothing for the consumer .
u201CGnomesu201D shows instead that Mr. Tweek is just as self - interested as any corporation , and he is in fact cannier in promoting himself than Harbucks is .
The Harbucks representative , John Postem , is blunt and gruff , an utterly charmless man who thinks he can just state the bare economic truth and get away with it : u201CHey , this is a capitalist country , pal — get used to it.u201D
The great irony of the episode is that the supposedly sophisticated corporation completely mishandles public relations , navely believing that the superiority of its product will be enough to ensure its triumph in the marketplace .
The common charge against large corporations is that , with their financial resources , they are able to exploit the power of advertising to put their small rivals out of business .
But in u201CGnomes , u201D Harbucks is no match for the advertising savvy of Mr. Tweek .
He cleverly turns his disadvantage into an advantage , coming up with the perfect slogan in his circumstances : u201CTweek offers a simpler coffee for a simpler America .u201D
He thereby exploits his underdog position as a small businessman , at the same time preying upon his customers ' nostalgia for an older and presumably simpler America .
The episode constantly dwells on the fact that Mr. Tweek is just as slick at advertising as any corporation .
He keeps launching into commercials for his coffee , accompanied by soft guitar mood music and purple advertising prose ; his coffee is u201 Cspecial like an Arizona sunrise or a juniper wet with dew.u201D
His son may be appalled by u201 Cthe metaphorsu201D ( actually they 're similes ) , but Mr. Tweek knows just what will appeal to his nature - loving , yuppie customers .
u201CGnomesu201D thus undermines any notion that Mr. Tweek is morally superior to the corporation he 's fighting , and in fact the episode suggests that he may be a good deal worse .
Going over the top as it always does , South Park reveals that the coffee shop owner has for years been overcaffeinating his son
Tweek ( one of the regulars in the show ) and is in fact responsible for the boy 's hypernervousness .
Moreover , when faced with the threat from Harbucks , Mr. Tweek seeks sympathy by declaring : u201 CI may have to shut down and sell my son Tweek into slavery .
u201D
It sounds as if his greed exceeds Harbucks ' .
But the worst thing about Mr. Tweek is that he's not content with using his slick advertising to compete with Harbucks in a free market .
Instead , he goes after Harbucks politically , trying to enlist the government on his side to prevent the national chain from coming to South Park .
u201CGnomesu201D thus portrays the campaign against large corporations as just one more sorry episode in the long history of businessmen seeking economic protectionism — the kind of business / government alliance Adam Smith wrote against in The Wealth of Nations .
Far from the standard Marxist portrayal of monopoly power as the inevitable result of free competition , South Park shows that it results only when one business gets the government to intervene on its behalf and restrict free entry into the marketplace .
The Town of South Park vs. Harbucks
Mr. Tweek gets his chance when he finds out that his son and the other boys have been assigned to write a report on a current event .
Offering to write the paper for the children , he inveigles them into a topic very much in his self - interest : u201 Chow large corporations take over little family - owned businesses , u201D or , more pointedly , u201 Chow the corporate machine is ruining America .u201D
Kyle can barely get out the polysyllabic words when he delivers the ghostwritten report in class : u201CAs the voluminous corporate automaton bulldozes its way … u201D
This language obviously parodies the exaggerated and overinflated anti-capitalist rhetoric of the contemporary left .
But the report is a big hit with local officials and soon , much to Mr. Tweek 's delight , the mayor is sponsoring Proposition 10 , an ordinance that will ban Harbucks from South Park .
In the debate over Prop 10 , u201CGnomesu201D portrays the way the media are biased against capitalism and the way the public is manipulated into anti-business attitudes .
The boys are enlisted to argue for Prop 10 and the man from Harbucks to argue against it .
The presentation is slanted from the beginning , when the moderator announces : u201COn my left , five innocent , starry - eyed boys from Middle Americau201D and u201COn my right , a big , fat , smelly corporate guy from New York.u201D
Postem tries to make a rational argument , grounded in principle : u201CThis country is founded on free enterprise .
u201D
But the boys triumph in the debate with a somewhat less cogent argument , as Cartman sagely proclaims : u201CThis guy sucks ass.u201D
The television commercial in favor of Prop 10 is no less fraudulent than the debate .
Again , u201CGnomesu201D points out that anti-corporate advertising can be just as slick as corporate .
In particular , the episode shows that the left is willing to go to any length in its anti-corporate crusade , exploiting children to tug at the heartstrings of its target audience .
In a wonderful parody of a liberal political commercial , the boys are paraded out in a patriotic scene featuring the American flag , while the u201CBattle Hymn of the Republicu201D plays softly in the background .
Meanwhile , the announcer solemnly intones : u201CProp 10 is about children .
Vote yes on Prop 10 or else you hate children .
u201D
The ad is u201 Cpaid for by Citizens for a Fair and Equal Way to Get Harbucks Out of Town Forever .
u201D
South Park loves to expose the illogic of liberal and left - wing crusaders , and the anti-Harbucks campaign is filled with one non-sequitur after another .
Pushing the last of the liberal buttons , one woman challenges the Harbucks representative : u201CHow many Native Americans did you slaughter to make that coffee ?
u201D
Prop 10 seems to be headed for an easy victory at the polls until the boys encounter some friendly gnomes , who explain corporations to them .
At the last minute , in one of the most didactic of the South Park concluding message scenes , the boys announce to the puzzled townspeople that they have reversed their position on Prop 10 .
In the spirit of libertarianism , Kyle proclaims something rarely heard on television outside of a John Stossel report : u201CBig corporations are good .
Because without big corporations we would n't have things like cars and computers and canned soup.u201D
And Stan comes to the defense of the dreaded Harbucks : u201CEven Harbucks started off as a small , little business .
But because it made such great coffee , and because they ran their business so well , they managed to grow until they became the corporate powerhouse it is today .
And that is why we should all let Harbucks stay .
u201D
At this point the townspeople do something remarkable — they stop listening to all the political rhetoric and actually taste the rival coffees for themselves .
And they discover that Mrs. Tweek ( who has been disgusted by her husband 's devious tactics ) is telling the truth when she says : u201CHarbucks
Coffee got to where it is by being the best .
u201D
Indeed , as one of the townspeople observes : u201CIt does n't have that bland , raw sewage taste that Tweek 's coffee has .
u201D u201CGnomesu201D ends by suggesting that it is only fair that businesses battle it out , not in the political arena , but in the marketplace , and let the best product win .
Postem offers Mr. Tweek the job of running the local franchise and everybody is happy .
Politics is a zero-sum , winner - take - all game , in which one business triumphs only by using government power to eliminate a rival , but in the voluntary exchanges a free market makes possible , all parties benefit from a transaction .
Harbucks makes its profit , and Mr. Tweek can continue earning a living without selling his son into slavery , but above all the people of South Park get to enjoy a better brand of coffee . [ 8 ]
Contrary to the anti-corporate propaganda normally coming out of Hollywood , South Park argues that , in the absence of government intervention , corporations get where they are by serving the public , not by exploiting it .
As Ludwig von Mises makes the point :
The profit system makes those men prosper who have succeeded in filling the wants of the people in the best possible and cheapest way .
Wealth can be acquired only by serving the consumers .
The capitalists lose their funds as soon as they fail to invest them in those lines in which they satisfy best the demands of the public .
In a daily repeated plebiscite in which every penny gives a right to vote the consumers determine who should own and run the plants , shops and farms . [ 9 ]
The Great Gnome Mystery Solved
But what about the gnomes , who , after all , give the episode its title ?
Where do they fit in ?
I never could understand how the subplot in u201CGnomesu201D related to the main plot until I was lecturing on the episode at a summer institute and my colleague Michael Valdez Moses made a breakthrough that allowed us to put together the episode as a whole .
In the subplot , Tweek complains to anybody who will listen that every night at 3:30 a.m. gnomes sneak into his bedroom and steal his underpants .
But nobody else can see this remarkable phenomenon happening , not even when the other boys stay up late with Tweek to observe it , not even when the emboldened gnomes start robbing underpants in broad daylight in the mayor 's office .
We know two things about these strange beings : they are gnomes and they are normally invisible .
Both facts point in the direction of capitalism .
As in the phrase u201 Cgnomes of Zurich , u201D which refers to bankers , gnomes are often associated with the world of finance .
In the first opera of Wagner 's Ring Cycle , Das Rheingold , the gnome Alberich serves as a symbol of the capitalist exploiter — and he forges the Tarnhelm , a cap of invisibility . [ 10 ]
The idea of invisibility calls to mind Adam Smith 's famous notion of the u201 Cinvisible handu201D that guides the free market . [ 11 ]
In short , the underpants gnomes are an image of capitalism and the way it is normally — and mistakenly — pictured by its opponents .
The gnomes represent the ordinary business activity that is always going on in plain sight of everyone , but which they fail to notice and fail to understand .
The people of South Park are unaware that the ceaseless activity of large corporations like Harbucks is necessary to provide them with all the goods they enjoy in their daily lives .
They take it for granted that the shelves of their supermarkets will always be amply stocked with a wide variety of goods and never appreciate all the capitalist entrepreneurs who make that abundance possible .
What is worse , the ordinary citizens misinterpret capitalist activity as theft .
They focus only on what businessmen take from them — their money — and forget about what they get in return , all the goods and services .
Above all , people have no understanding of the basic facts of economics and have no idea of why businessmen deserve the profits they earn .
Business is a complete mystery to them — it seems to be a matter of gnomes sneaking around in the shadows and mischievously heaping up piles of goods for no apparent purpose .
Friedrich Hayek noted this long - standing tendency to misinterpret normal business activities as sinister :
Such distrust and fear have … led ordinary people … to regard trade … as suspicious , inferior , dishonest , and contemptible … Activities that appear to add to available wealth , u201Cout of nothing , u201D without physical creation and by merely rearranging what already exists , stink of sorcery …
That a mere change of hands should lead to a gain in value to all participants , that it need not mean gain to one at the expense of the others ( or what has come to be called exploitation ) , was and is nonetheless intuitively difficult to grasp …
Many people continue to find the mental feats associated with trade easy to discount even when they do not attribute them to sorcery , or see them as depending on trick or fraud or cunning deceit . [ 12 ]
Even the gnomes do not understand what they are doing .
Perhaps South Park is suggesting that the real problem is that businessmen themselves lack the economic knowledge they would need to explain their activity to the public and justify their profits .
When the boys ask the gnomes to tell them about corporations , all they can offer is this enigmatic diagram of the stages of their business :
Phase 1 Phase 2 Phase 3 Collect Underpants ?
Profit
This chart basically encapsulates the economic illiteracy of the American public .
They can see no connection between the activities businessmen undertake and the profits they make .
What businessmen actually contribute to the economy is a big question mark to them .
The fact that businessmen are rewarded for taking risks , correctly anticipating consumer demands , and efficiently financing , organizing , and managing production is lost on most people .
They would rather complain about the obscene profits of corporations and condemn their power in the marketplace .
The u201 Cinvisible handu201D passage of Smith 's Wealth of Nations reads like a gloss on the u201CGnomesu201D episode of South Park :
As every individual , therefore , endeavours as much as he can both to employ his capital in the support of domestick industry , and so to direct that industry that its produce may be of the greatest value ; every individual necessarily labours to render the annual revenue of the society as great as he can .
He genuinely , indeed , neither intends to promote the publick interest , nor knows how much he is promoting it .
By preferring the support of domestick to that of foreign industry , he intends only his own security , and by directing that industry in such a manner as its produce may be of the greatest value , he intends only his own gain , and he is in this , as in many other cases , led by an invisible hand to promote an end which was no part of his intention .
Nor is it always the worse for the society that it was no part of it .
By pursuing his own interest he frequently promotes that of the society more effectively than when he really intends to promote it .
I have never known much good done by those who affected to trade for the publick good . [ 13 ]
The u201CGnomesu201D episode of South Park exemplifies this idea of the u201 Cinvisible hand .
u201D
The economy does not need to be guided by the very visible and heavy hand of government regulation for the public interest to be served .
Without any central planning , the free market produces a prosperous economic order .
The free interaction of producers and consumers and the constant interplay of supply and demand work so that people generally have access to the goods they want .
Like Adam Smith , Parker and Stone are deeply suspicious of people who speak about the public good and condemn the private pursuit of profit .
As we see in the case of Mr. Tweek , such people are usually hypocrites , pursuing their self - interest under the cover of championing the public interest .
And the much - maligned gnomes of the world , the corporations , while openly pursuing their own profit , end up serving the public interest by providing the goods and services people really want .
In this rational justification of the free market , South Park embodies the spirit of libertarian philosophy and challenges the anti-capitalist mentality of much of Hollywood .
Gnomes of the world unite !
You have nothing to lose but your bad image .
Notes
[ 1 ] Plato , Symposium , trans . by W.R.M. Lamb , in Plato : Lysis , Symposium , Gorgias ( Cambridge , MA : Harvard University Press , 1925 ) , p. 239 .
[ 2 ] Aristophanes , The Clouds , trans . by William Arrowsmith ( New York : New American Library , 1962 ) , p. 45 .
[ 3 ] Mises ' most famous book is Human Action : A Treatise on Economics ( New Haven , CT : Yale University Press , 1949 ) and Hayek 's is The Road to Serfdom ( Chicago : University of Chicago Press , 1944 ) .
[ 4 ]
Rothbard articulates his libertarian philosophy most fully in The Ethics of Liberty ( New York : New York University Press , 2002 ) and For a New Liberty : The Libertarian Manifesto ( New York : Macmillan , 1978 ) .
Perhaps the clearest introduction to the economic principles underlying libertarianism is Henry Hazlitt 's Economics in One Lesson ( San Francisco : Laissez Faire Books , 1996 ) , originally published in 1946 .
[ 5 ]
As quoted in Brian C. Anderson , South Park Conservatives : The Revolt Against Liberal Media Bias ( Washington , DC : Regnery , 2005 ) , p. 178 .
[ 6 ]
For an analysis of why such groups turn against capitalism , see Ludwig von Mises , The Anti-Capitalistic Mentality ( Princeton , NJ : D. Van Nostrand , 1956 ) and especially pp. 30 –3 for the turn against capitalism in Hollywood .
[ 7 ]
A perfect example of Hollywood 's negative portrayal of businessmen is the cruel banker Mr. Potter in the classic It 's a Wonderful Life ( dir. Frank Capra , 1946 ) .
For a comprehensive survey of the portrayal of businessmen in American popular culture , see the chapter u201CThe culture industry 's representation of businessu201D in Don Lavoie and Emily Chamlee - Wright , Culture and Enterprise : The Development , Representation and Morality of Business ( London : Routledge , 2000 ) , pp. 80 –103 .
Here are some representative figures from media studies : u201COf all the antagonists studied in over 30 years of programming , businessmen were twice as likely to play the role of antagonist than any other identifiable occupation .
Business characters are nearly three times as likely to be criminals , relative to other occupations on television .
They represent 12 percent of all characters in identifiable occupations , but account for 32 percent of crimes .
Forty - four percent of all vice crimes such as prostitution and drug trafficking committed on television , and 40 percent of TV murders , are perpetrated by business peopleu201D ( p. 84 ) .
[ 8 ]
Not being a coffee drinker myself , I cannot comment on the question of whether Starbucks is actually better than any particular local brew .
I am simply presenting the situation as it is laid out in u201CGnomes , u201D but I realize that the issue of Starbucks coffee is controversial .
In fact , no episode of South Park I have taught has raised as much raw passion , indignation , and hostility among students as u201CGnomesu201D has .
I 'm not sure why , but I think it has something to do with the defensiveness of elitists confronted with their own elitism .
What many intellectuals hold against capitalism is precisely the fact that it has made available to the masses luxuries formerly reserved to an elite , including their double lattes .
I have heard every tired argument against capitalism raised with regard to Starbucks , including the old canard that the company lowers prices to drive out the local competition with the aim of then raising prices once it has a monopoly .
Since the barriers to entry in the coffee business are very low , of course Starbucks has never reached that monopoly position and never will .
[ 9 ]
Mises , Anti-Capitalistic Mentality , p. 2 .
[ 10 ] George Bernard Shaw offers this interpretation of Alberich ; see his The Perfect Wagnerite ( 1898 ) in George Bernard Shaw , Major Critical Essays ( London : Penguin , 1986 ) , pp. 198 , 205 .
[ 11 ]
For the way H.G. Wells uses invisibility as a symbol of capitalism , see my essay u201CThe Invisible Man and the Invisible Hand : H.G. Wells 's Critique of Capitalism , u201D American Scholar 68 ( 1999 ) , pp. 89 –102 .
[ 12 ] F.A. Hayek , The Fatal Conceit : The Errors of Socialism ( Chicago : University of Chicago Press , 1988 ) , pp. 90 , 91 , 93 .
[ 13 ] Adam Smith , An Enquiry into the Nature and Causes of the Wealth of Nations ( Indianapolis : Liberty Classics , 1981 ) , p. 456 .
December 4 , 2006
Paul A. Cantor [ send him mail ] is Professor of English at the University of Virginia and author of Gilligan Unbound : Pop Culture in the Age of Globalization .
Hear and see him on Mises Media .
The Best of Paul Cantor
The Daily Show is much funnier than traditional newscasts , but a new study from Indiana University says it has the same amount of meat on its bones when it comes to coverage of the news .
The brand of news coverage Jon Stewart and the rest of The Daily Show 's staff brings to the airwaves is just as substantive as traditional news programs like World News Tonight and the CBS Evening News , according to the study conducted by IU assistant professor of telecommunications Julia R. Fox and a couple of graduate students .
The researchers looked at coverage of the 2004 Democratic and Republican national conventions and the first presidential debate of the fall campaign , all of which were covered by the mainstream broadcast news outlets and The Daily Show .
Individual broadcasts of the nightly news and corresponding episodes of The Daily Show were analyzed by the researchers , who found that the " average amounts of video and audio substance in the broadcast network news stories " were no different from The Daily Show .
Perhaps more telling , The Daily Show delivered longer stories on the topic .
" It should be noted that the broadcast network news stories about the presidential election were significantly shorter , on average , than were The Daily Show with Jon Stewart stories , " said Professor Fox .
" The argument could be made that while the amount of substance per story was not significantly different , the proportion of each story devoted to substance was greater in the network news stories ...
On the other hand , the proportion of stories per half hour program devoted to the election campaign was greater in The Daily Show . "
Using the entire half - hour programs as the basis of analysis yielded the same results : there was just as much substance to The Daily Show 's coverage as there was on the network news .
And The Daily Show was much funnier , with less of the hype references to photo ops , political endorsements , and polls that typically overshadows substantive coverage on network news , according to the study .
What constitutes " substantive " coverage ?
Ars Technica spoke to Professor
Fox who told us that the she and the other researchers defined substantive coverage as that which addressed issues included in the party platform or questions of candidate qualification .
" It was the same definition I used in a previous study of network news coverage from 1988 to 2000 , " Professor Fox told Ars .
" It is similar to criteria used by other scholars who examine political coverage  ' image vs. issue ' but there 's consensus within the scholarly and journalistic communities that anytime there is discussion of issues in a campaign , that 's what would be considered substantive . "
Is it time to tune out World News Tonight and tune into The Daily Show ?
Professor
Fox does n't think so , saying that " we should probably be concerned about both of those sources , because neither one is particularly substantive .
It 's a bottom - line industry and ratings - driven .
We live in an ' infotainment ' society , and there certainly are a number of other sources available . "
It 's ironic that Jon Stewart , who seldom hesitates to criticize the media , is turning out tongue - in - cheek content that is just as substantative .
It also demonstrates that the mainstream media may not be so mainstream anymore , and that people looking for in - depth treatments of newsworthy topics are often best served by looking in places other than the evening news or The Daily Show , no matter how funny the latter is .
Professor
Fox 's study , titled " No Joke : A Comparison of Substance in The Daily Show with Jon Stewart and Broadcast Network Television Coverage of the 2004 Presidential Election Campaign , " will be published next summer in the Journal of Broadcast and Electronic Media .
Further reading :
Longest - living bug in Linux
The story of how I goofed up and nobody noticed for years .
7 May 1997
In the spring and summer of 1991 , my friend Linus was playing around with this OS - like program , which later became Linux .
He wanted a printf like service inside the kernel , but did n't know how to implement it , though ( he did n't know C thoroughly back then ) .
So I wrote him an sprintf clone , and he used that , after some modifications .
In September of 1994 , Friedemann Baitinger at IBM , who was developing a device driver for another operating system , used my sprintf clone as a debugging aid ( but not in the final product ) .
The bug lived for three or three and a half years before anyone found it .
Worse , the bug was immediately obvious as soon as one tried to use the function in a certain , common way .
No -one had done that , ever , not even I when I wrote it .
Do n't ever hire me to write code that is expected to work .
The bug was in the handling of a field width given via the argument list .
With sprintf , to print a string , for example , you would write
sprintf ( buf , " %s " , str ) ;
This would put the str ' string into buf '.
sprintf allows formatting of the output :
sprintf ( buf , " %10s " , str ) ;
This would make the output string at least 10 characters wide ( wider , if `str ' is wider ) .
The field width can be a constant , or it can be given as a separate argument :
sprintf ( buf , " %*s " , 10 , str ) ;
This gives the same output as before , but triggered my bug .
My sprintf was implemented with a loop that walked through the format string and incremented an index when it processed various parts of the format string .
Except that when it processed the `*' , it did n't increment .
Oops .
So why do I explain this so thoroughly ?
My weird sense of humor made me put ``Author of the longest - living Linux bug '' in the CREDITS file in the kernel sources , and people sometimes ask me about it .
I figured I 'd answer it once , and point people at this web page .
I absolutely love @futureme , refreshing memories from last year and jotting down new stuff for myself to laugh at and cry with next year .
— Lauen ( @TheLauen ) June 7 , 2017
Check out https://t.co/31pdlB2OeU
You .
Will .
Not. Regret it .
In a year , 5 years or some other span of time , you will be amazed at what you think is importnat today .
— b UnekeEditor ( @Marybrotherton ) November 22 , 2017
Just got a letter from myself in 2012 from @futureme .
Made me tear up a wee bit !
Time to write myself another one for 5 years time ... — Olivia Gordon ( @olivia_gordon ) May 8 , 2017
Atrocities ...
It promises to be a long summer .
We 're almost at the mid-way point , but it feels like the days are just crawling by .
It 's a combination of the heat , the flies , the hours upon hours of no electricity and the corpses which keep appearing everywhere .
The day before yesterday was catastrophic .
The day began with news of the killings in Jihad Quarter .
According to people who live there , black - clad militiamen drove in mid-morning and opened fire on people in the streets and even in houses .
They began pulling people off the street and checking their ID cards to see if they had Sunni names or Shia names and then the Sunnis were driven away and killed .
Some were executed right there in the area .
The media is playing it down and claiming 37 dead but the people in the area say the number is nearer 60 .
The horrific thing about the killings is that the area had been cut off for nearly two weeks by Ministry of Interior security forces and Americans .
Last week , a car bomb was set off in front of a ' Sunni ' mosque people in the area visit .
The night before the massacre , a car bomb exploded in front of a Shia husseiniya in the same area .
The next day was full of screaming and shooting and death for the people in the area .
No one is quite sure why the Americans and the Ministry of Interior did n't respond immediately .
They just sat by , on the outskirts of the area , and let the massacre happen .
At nearly 2 pm , we received some terrible news .
We lost a good friend in the killings .
T. was a 26 - year - old civil engineer who worked with a group of friends in a consultancy bureau in Jadriya .
The last time I saw him was a week ago .
He had stopped by the house to tell us his sister was engaged and he'd brought along with him pictures of latest project he was working on- a half - collapsed school building outside of Baghdad .
He usually left the house at 7 am to avoid the morning traffic jams and the heat .
Yesterday , he decided to stay at home because he'd promised his mother he would bring Abu Kamal by the house to fix the generator which had suddenly died on them the night before .
His parents say that T. was making his way out of the area on foot when the attack occurred and he got two bullets to the head .
His brother could only identify him by the blood - stained t- shirt he was wearing .
People are staying in their homes in the area and no one dares enter it so the wakes for the people who were massacred have n't begun yet .
I have n't seen his family yet and I 'm not sure I have the courage or the energy to give condolences .
I feel like I 've given the traditional words of condolences a thousand times these last few months , " Baqiya ib hayatkum …
Akhir il ahzan … " or " May this be the last of your sorrows . "
Except they are empty words because even as we say them , we know that in today 's Iraq any sorrow - no matter how great - will not be the last .
There was also an attack yesterday on Ghazaliya though we have n't heard what the casualties are .
People are saying it 's Sadr 's militia , the Mahdi army , behind the killings .
The news the world hears about Iraq and the situation in the country itself are wholly different .
People are being driven out of their homes and areas by force and killed in the streets , and the Americans , Iranians and the Puppets talk of national conferences and progress .
It 's like Baghdad is no longer one city , it 's a dozen different smaller cities each infected with its own form of violence .
It 's gotten so that I dread sleeping because the morning always brings so much bad news .
The television shows the images and the radio stations broadcast it .
The newspapers show images of corpses and angry words jump out at you from their pages , " civil war … death … killing … bombing … rape … " Rape .
The latest of American atrocities .
Though it 's not really the latest - it 's just the one that 's being publicized the most .
The poor girl Abeer was neither the first to be raped by American troops , nor will she be the last .
The only reason this rape was brought to light and publicized is that her whole immediate family were killed along with her .
Rape is a taboo subject in Iraq .
Families do n't report rapes here , they avenge them .
We 've been hearing whisperings about rapes in American - controlled prisons and during sieges of towns like Haditha and Samarra for the last three years .
The naiveté of Americans who can't believe their ' heroes ' are committing such atrocities is ridiculous .
Who ever heard of an occupying army committing rape ???
You raped the country , why not the people ?
In the news they 're estimating her age to be around 24 , but Iraqis from the area say she was only 14 .
Fourteen .
Imagine your 14 - year - old sister or your 14 - year - old daughter .
Imagine her being gang - raped by a group of psychopaths and then the girl was killed and her body burned to cover up the rape .
Finally , her parents and her five - year - old sister were also killed .
Hail the American heroes ...
Raise your heads high supporters of the ' liberation ' - your troops have made you proud today .
I do n't believe the troops should be tried in American courts .
I believe they should be handed over to the people in the area and only then will justice be properly served .
And our ass of a PM , Nouri Al - Maliki , is requesting an ' independent investigation ' , ensconced safely in his American guarded compound because it was n't his daughter or sister who was raped , probably tortured and killed .
His family is abroad safe from the hands of furious Iraqis and psychotic American troops .
It fills me with rage to hear about it and read about it .
The pity I once had for foreign troops in Iraq is gone .
It 's been eradicated by the atrocities in Abu Ghraib , the deaths in Haditha and the latest news of rapes and killings .
I look at them in their armored vehicles and to be honest - I can't bring myself to care whether they are 19 or 39 .
I can't bring myself to care if they make it back home alive .
I can't bring myself to care anymore about the wife or parents or children they left behind .
I can't bring myself to care because it 's difficult to see beyond the horrors .
I look at them and wonder just how many innocents they killed and how many more they 'll kill before they go home .
How many more young Iraqi girls will they rape ?
Why do n't the Americans just go home ?
They 've done enough damage and we hear talk of how things will fall apart in Iraq if they ' cut and run ' , but the fact is that they are n't doing anything right now .
How much worse can it get ?
People are being killed in the streets and in their own homes - what 's being done about it ?
Nothing .
It 's convenient for them - Iraqis can kill each other and they can sit by and watch the bloodshed - unless they want to join in with murder and rape .
Buses , planes and taxis leaving the country for Syria and Jordan are booked solid until the end of the summer .
People are picking up and leaving en masse and most of them are planning to remain outside of the country .
Life here has become unbearable because it's no longer a ' life ' like people live abroad .
It 's simply a matter of survival , making it from one day to the next in one piece and coping with the loss of loved ones and friends - friends like T.
It 's difficult to believe T. is really gone …
I was checking my email today and I saw three unopened emails from him in my inbox .
For one wild , heart - stopping moment I thought he was alive .
T. was alive and it was all some horrific mistake !
I let myself ride the wave of giddy disbelief for a few precious seconds before I came crashing down as my eyes caught the date on the emails - he had sent them the night before he was killed .
One email was a collection of jokes , the other was an assortment of cat pictures , and the third was a poem in Arabic about Iraq under American occupation .
He had highlighted a few lines describing the beauty of Baghdad in spite of the war …
And while I always thought Baghdad was one of the more marvelous cities in the world , I 'm finding it very difficult this moment to see any beauty in a city stained with the blood of T. and so many other innocents …
You Get Trust the Old Fashioned Way ... You Earn It
I
t 's another day and there 's another charm offensive from the Ba-Bush - Ka .
Today 's topic , wiretapping
It seems he 's a near - permanent fixture on television these days as he offers up literally dozens of defenses for things he has already done or appears to be looking to do in the future .
He is constantly on , talking to his citizens as if they were school children fresh off the short bus .
His explanations are often rambling , confused , or downright wrong and a surprising number require repair by a crack team of PR spinners who dutifully explain , repeatedly , that the President really did n't mean to say what he said , but something totally different .
When watching the actions of his supporters , it 's hard to tell just why they put up with it .
They dote on his every word and find themselves joining the spinners on the PR tilt - a- whirl .
For them , no mistake is ever quite a mistake , no gaffe quite gaffey enough to be heeded .
The issues , mistakes , and miscues are always labeled vicious twistings of the mainstream media .
They 're mudslinging smears .
The transcript of the press conference lied and the ( insert name of the topic du jour here ) is really a win instead of a colossal fiasco .
Their advice , drink the Kool - Aid - politics is a hot and sweaty business and you need to cool off .
Giving the Prez the benefit of the doubt - and we admit that 's pretty damned hard sometimes - why are the constant justifications necessary ?
It seems impossible to us that a single person could come up with so many unpopular or inept ideas and proposals .
The law of averages would suggest that at least some of the time he would be able to pick something we could all , as a nation , get behind .
Yet he has the uncanny ability to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory and anger roughly half of the country on any given day .
We can think of no other President in recent memory who was so good as pissing off people so often .
Does it not dawn on him and his loyal followers that if half - or in some cases more - of the country is questioning him , that the questioners are not going to be satisfied with a little speechifying , some mud slinging , or a rapidly spinning Ferris wheel of PR ?
His mantra is " trust me " .
Yet he seems to have no clue as to why people do n't .
Here are some examples :
One moment he says the US does not engage in wiretapping its citizens .
Period .
A few weeks later the story is that not only do we wiretap them , but we 've been doing it for a long time , the Patriot Act that was supposed to address this issue is an inadequate yet must - have tool , and the legal system set up to deal with wiretaps is OK to bypass whenever he deems it necessary - contrary to what a significant number of legal scholars , Senators and Congressmen , and more the than half the population thinks .
But warrantless wiretapping is a complex issue .
Let 's take something like coal mine safety .
Coal mine safety is one of those things we should all be able to get behind , right ?
When the two sets of miners died in West Virginia , Dub was all over it .
We 'll investigate !
We 'll get to the bottom of this and fix the problem !
I am the man of action !
On Monday , two of the administration 's mine safety experts testified before in a Senate hearing for one hour .
When asked by the Republican Chairman , Arlen Specter , to stay a few minutes for followup questions the experts said they had " pressing business " and left the hearing .
Ineptitude or imperial hubris - we report , you decide .
Dub , we know you want us to " trust " you - and we want to , really - but here 's the thing , with a track record like yours NOBODY should trust you , opponents and supporters alike .
To do so would be the height of irresponsibility and we know how you hold personal responsibility in such high esteem .
Your feet must be held against the fire because you seem incapable of doing anything without a scorched sole .
So we 'll make you a deal .
When you start to make solid proposals that do n't require so much spin that we feel like a cow caught in a hurricane , we 'll trust you .
When you develop a track record of carrying through without screwing up , we 'll trust you .
When we have some reason to suspect you will succeed where you so often have failed before , we 'll trust you .
Until then , we wo n't trust you any farther than we can throw the White House .
Deal ?
Truth Told by Omnipotent Poobah , Wednesday , January 25 , 2006
Ker se je blog ( tudi slovenski ) v zadnjem času pri nas precej razširil ( glede na svetovne trende sicer nekoliko pozno , pa vendar ) , vam možnost , da izrazite svojo skrb za okolico , ponujamo tudi na Dnevnik.si .
In da bomo nekoliko drugačni od ostalih ponudnikov podobnih vsebin , smo se odločili , da uvedemo tako imenovano Editor 's choice omejitev. : v polje " komentarji " pri tem članku ali pri kateremkoli članku iz podcasta Komentarji / kolumne napišite besedilo , ki bi ga radi objavili ( za to morate sicer biti naš prijavljen uporabnik , kar lahko , če ste že registrirani , brezplačno rešite tukaj , če ne pa tukaj ) , nakar ga bomo v spletnem uredništvu prenesli v rubriko ( Iz ) brano , ki jo vidite na vrhu polja Dnevnikovi komentarji .
S prehodom v rubriko , bo vaše mnenje postalo " nesmrtno " , saj bo tudi del arhiva omenjene rubrike in arhiva Dnevnik .
siIn da nas sedaj ne boste vsepovprek obtoževali cenzure , še obrazložitev te poteze : blogi ( forumu ipd . ) so , resnici na ljubo , na svetovnem medmrežju postali leglo nekakovostnih in žaljivih vsebin apriori .
In v izogib žaljenju zaradi žaljenja ter ločevanju zrna od plevela uvajamo rubriko , ki naj bi vas spodbudila le k dodatni kreativnosti .
Torej upamo , da jo boste tudi kot takšno razumeli ...
Your letters yesterday regarding the mysterious Perth flying car threw up quite a list of possible explanations for exactly what this object might be :
The list included :
A hoax
Two cars parked next to each other
Hole in the ground
Trailer
Bus shelter
Water tower
Tent
Car on a pole
Harry Potter on holiday
Well , we can discount a lot of those right now , because we have secured the first on - the - spot photographic evidence of the area in question , courtesy of flag - waving Aussie Mark Zed :
Listening to Poms talk about Australia ( and Perth in patricular ) is pretty much like listening to American presidents talk about history ... anyway ... from the man on the spot who was f:8 and there .
As you can see from this overview ...
... we have Point Walter in the background to the left , Honour Avenue down the center diagonal and the two carparks appearing in the upper half of the picture .
Most importantly we have the point of specific interest to our immediate left .
What we can see from exibit A and B ...
...( markings indicate the point of interest ) , is that there is a complete lack of any sort of structure viz bus shelter ( there is no bus route along this road anyway ) , nor a gazebo nor rotunda nor information booth etc etc .
Regarding exhibit C...
... also here note the lack any evidence of excavations beyond natural rain - water run off ... given the steep escarpment ( down into water ) to the right , no work of any substantial degree could occur without significant re-enforcement or collapse of the escarpment also as there are no buildings to service there are no utilities running down this side of the road .
Which brings us to exhibit D :
Anyone who may have visited this area in the past may remember information booths dotted along the way giving summarised accounts of pre & post settlement history , note however that the last of these is in fact at least 400 meters away to the south .
Therefore with overwhelming weight of logical argument , accompanied with photographic and empirical evidence one can only conclude that we West Australians have accidentally let slip that we antipodeans have secretly been leading the Jetsons lifestyle .
...
Or I could explain the simple concept of a shade tent but that may be a bit much to a nation of people who 's summer lasts but half a day ;)
Right .
To summarise : no buildings or permanent sturctures of any kind .
Our investigator favours the shade tent explanation ( for all you Poms , a shade tent is a sort of a canvas awning type structure which you can use when its not raining , so bugger all use over here ) , although the two parked cars theory still holds water .
As we go to press , various other Lucky Country readers are applying themselves to solving this mystery .
We gather that at least one member of the Perth police department is also looking into the matter .
In the meantime , we are able to reveal that we last night received some intelligence which may enable us to correctly identify the object in question .
Our operatives are right now working on obtaining corroborating evidence .
Watch this space . ®
Big thanks to the partners , clients & employees !
iNetZeal was launched on January 2006 and we worked with many awesome clients .
It was a great ride but since 2013 , we no longer offer SEO Solutions to focus on something else .
If you 're a Software , SaaS or any other Business Solution vendor then feel free to contact us to promote your product as we are working on something awesome !
If you 're a content writer with the tech background then feel free contact with your resume and work samples ( if available ) to join our ' remote employee ' team .
Contact Us Here : manish [ at ] inetzeal.com
-- Thank you
Manish M .
15.1 . FreeBSD uses a lot of swap space even when the computer has free memory left .
Why ?
FreeBSD will proactively move entirely idle , unused pages of main memory into swap in order to make more main memory available for active use .
This heavy use of swap is balanced by using the extra free memory for caching .
Note that while FreeBSD is proactive in this regard , it does not arbitrarily decide to swap pages when the system is truly idle .
Thus , the system will not be all paged out after leaving it idle overnight .
15.2 .
Why does top show very little free memory even when I have very few programs running ?
The simple answer is that free memory is wasted memory .
Any memory that programs do not actively allocate is used within the FreeBSD kernel as disk cache .
The values shown by top ( 1 ) labeled as Inact and Laundry are cached data at different aging levels .
This cached data means the system does not have to access a slow disk again for data it has accessed recently , thus increasing overall performance .
In general , a low value shown for Free memory in top ( 1 ) is good , provided it is not very low .
15.3 .
Why will chmod not change the permissions on symlinks ?
Symlinks do not have permissions , and by default , chmod ( 1 ) will follow symlinks to change the permissions on the source file , if possible .
For the file , foo with a symlink named bar , this command will always succeed .
% chmod g-w bar
However , the permissions on bar will not have changed .
When changing modes of the file hierarchies rooted in the files instead of the files themselves , use either - H or - L together with - R to make this work .
See chmod ( 1 ) and symlink ( 7 ) for more information .
Warning : - R does a recursive chmod ( 1 ) .
Be careful about specifying directories or symlinks to directories to chmod ( 1 ) .
To change the permissions of a directory referenced by a symlink , use chmod ( 1 ) without any options and follow the symlink with a trailing slash ( / ) .
For example , if foo is a symlink to directory bar , to change the permissions of foo ( actually bar ) , do something like : % chmod 555 foo /
With the trailing slash , chmod ( 1 ) will follow the symlink , foo , to change the permissions of the directory , bar .
15.4 .
Can I run DOS binaries under FreeBSD ?
Yes .
A DOS emulation program , emulators / doscmd , is available in the FreeBSD Ports Collection .
If doscmd will not suffice , emulators / pcemu emulates an 8088 and enough BIOS services to run many DOS text - mode applications .
It requires the X Window System .
The Ports Collection also has emulators / dosbox .
The main focus of this application is emulating old DOS games using the local file system for files .
15.5 .
What do I need to do to translate a FreeBSD document into my native language ?
See the Translation FAQ in the FreeBSD Documentation Project Primer .
15.6 .
Why does my email to any address at FreeBSD.org bounce ?
The FreeBSD.org mail system implements some Postfix checks on incoming mail and rejects mail that is either from misconfigured relays or otherwise appears likely to be spam .
Some of the specific requirements are :
The IP address of the SMTP client must " reverse - resolve " to a forward confirmed hostname .
The fully - qualified hostname given in the SMTP conversation ( either HELO or EHLO ) must resolve to the IP address of the client .
Other advice to help mail reach its destination include :
Mail should be sent in plain text , and messages sent to mailing lists should generally be no more than 200 KB in length .
Avoid excessive cross posting .
Choose one mailing list which seems most relevant and send it there .
If you still have trouble with email infrastructure at FreeBSD.org , send a note with the details to < postmaster@freebsd.org > ;
Include a date / time interval so that logs may be reviewed — and note that we only keep one week 's worth of mail logs .
( Be sure to specify the time zone or offset from UTC . )
15.7 .
Where can I find a free FreeBSD account ?
While FreeBSD does not provide open access to any of their servers , others do provide open access UNIX ® systems .
The charge varies and limited services may be available .
Arbornet , Inc , also known as M - Net , has been providing open access to UNIX ® systems since 1983 .
Starting on an Altos running System III , the site switched to BSD / OS in 1991 .
In June of 2000 , the site switched again to FreeBSD .
M- Net can be accessed via telnet and SSH and provides basic access to the entire FreeBSD software suite .
However , network access is limited to members and patrons who donate to the system , which is run as a non-profit organization .
M- Net also provides an bulletin board system and interactive chat .
15.8 .
What is the cute little red guy 's name ?
He does not have one , and is just called “ the BSD daemon ” .
If you insist upon using a name , call him “ beastie ” .
Note that “ beastie ” is pronounced “ BSD ” .
More about the BSD daemon is available on his home page .
15.9 .
Can I use the BSD daemon image ?
Perhaps .
The BSD daemon is copyrighted by Marshall Kirk McKusick .
Check his Statement on the Use of the BSD Daemon Figure for detailed usage terms .
In summary , the image can be used in a tasteful manner , for personal use , so long as appropriate credit is given .
Before using the logo commercially , contact Kirk McKusick < mckusick@FreeBSD.org > for permission .
More details are available on the BSD Daemon 's home page .
15.10 .
Do you have any BSD daemon images I could use ?
Xfig and eps drawings are available under /usr / share / examples / BSD_daemon / .
15.11 .
I have seen an acronym or other term on the mailing lists and I do not understand what it means .
Where should I look ?
Refer to the FreeBSD Glossary .
15.12 .
Why should I care what color the bikeshed is ?
A reliable source has passed along a legal document in the ongoing lawsuit between Google and Microsoft over Google 's hiring of Kai - Fu Lee .
The document is the " Declaration of Mark Lucovsky " in the case .
Lucovsky was a distinguished engineer at Microsoft who defected to Google in November of 2004 … .
A reliable source has passed along a legal document in the ongoing lawsuit between Google and Microsoft over Google ’s hiring of Kai - Fu Lee .
The document is the “ Declaration of Mark Lucovsky ” in the case .
Lucovsky was a distinguished engineer at Microsoft who defected to Google in November of 2004 .
His statement makes for some pretty interesting reading , to say the least .
The statement reads in part :
Prior to joining Google , I set up a meeting on or about November 11 , 2004 with Microsoft ’s CEO Steve Ballmer to discuss my planned departure … .
At some point in the conversation Mr. Ballmer said : “ Just tell me it ’s not Google . ” I told him it was Google .
At that point , Mr. Ballmer picked up a chair and threw it across the room hitting a table in his office .
Mr. Ballmer then said : “ Fucking Eric Schmidt is a fucking pussy .
I ’m going to fucking bury that guy , I have done it before , and I will do it again .
I ’m going to fucking kill Google . ” ….
Thereafter , Mr. Ballmer resumed trying to persuade me to stay … .
Among other things , Mr. Ballmer told me that “ Google ’s not a real company .
It ’s a house of cards . ”
UPDATE : This has hit the wires .
Microsoft Paint is also known as MS Paint .
It is a basic graphics drawing program that has been an indispensable part of all versions of the Microsoft Windows operating system .
MSP provides easy ways for creating different types of graphics with different tools .
The tools include brushes , shape generators , pens , and erasers .
Many users of Windows might also be unaware of its presence , considering the popularity of web - based graphics creation tools .
So , you need to know exactly from where to access MS Paint .
The simplicity of MS Paint is the foremost reason for its popularity among users for graphic editing .
Let us take note of the different tools that you can get with MS Paint for creating and editing graphics .
The foremost instrument which you can note in MS Paint refers to the drawing tools .
The different icons in the “ Tool Box ” indicate the different artistic tools such as brushes , erasers , and freehand drawing .
You can also find other tools in the “ Tool Box ” for creating shapes such as squares , rectangles , and circles .
Interestingly , the “ Fill with Color ” tool can help you color a particular section of a graphic in a particular color .
As a result , you do n’t have to take the trouble of coloring the section manually .
You can also use the “ Tool Box ” for adding text to images on MS Paint .
Users could also find tools for zooming in and out of a particular image alongside tools for modifying the whole image .
For example , you have the “ Flip and Rotate ” option for turning the image in the desired direction .
Most important of all , MS Paint provides the flexibility of sharing an open file through email .
When we got the first computer on our hands , as a kid , we were intrigued with MS paint .
It was the one application that made us aware that digitally we could unleash our creativity .
All of us , especially the 90s kids were a bit disheartened when we learned that Microsoft will stop supporting MS paint very soon , in order to promote Paint 3D , that comes with windows 10 .
Although Paint is still available in Windows , eventually Microsoft plans to remove it permanently and only keep it as a Windows store product for users who still wants to use MS Paint .
Try Out the Next Best Thing
Those of us who still want to make MS Paint a part of their life , the next best thing is in store .
Behold MS Paint online .
It is an easy to use web - based application , the look and feel of which is exactly like MS Paint .
Not only that , the user interface of MS Paint online resembles the version of MS Paint used in older versions of windows .
With the color pallet located at the bottom and classical sidebar icons , the app promises you the old Windows Classic experience .
I personally checked out the tool and found it working properly in all major browsers without any cross - browser compatibility issues .
Specifications of MS Paint Online
Let ’s take a look at the features of MS Paint online and how it succeeds to revive the MS Paint experience of old Windows .
The web - based application works perfectly in all devices , operating systems as well as all major browsers like Chrome , Firefox , Opera and Internet Explorer .
In the old MS Paint , the user was given only 3 chances to undo or redo his action .
In MS Paint online , you have unlimited redos and undoing .
If you allow storage in your local system , your work will be autosaved .
In Stretch / Skew , it allows you to stretch the image by more than 500 % at one try .
Let ’s suppose you and some of your friends are planning to work together on a project .
You can start a new multi-user session and share the link with your friends .
However , this is not seamless .
Actions performed by your friends can interrupt your current work .
Also , these sessions are not private and anytime , you can lose your work .
Since browsers support SVG , you can use this app to open and edit SVG files .
You can easily rotate the images by using Ctrl + < and Ctrl + >.
What ’s more special , instead of rotating images by only 90 degrees , you can rotate them by any angle of your choice .
Cropping images does n’t require you to use the crop tool .
You can hold the Ctrl key and select any portion of the image to crop it .
What is New in MS Paint online ?
Now that we have discussed how MS Paint online enhances the old features of MS Paint , let ’s see what extra features are added .
First of all , you can edit and create transparent images .
Navigate to Image =>
Attributes to access the transparency tool .
If any image has transparent pixels , by default they will open in transparent mode .
For accessing the extra features , navigate to view => Extras .
You will find loads of features which were not there in MS paint .
The app gives you multiple themes .
Go to the Extras menu and choose any theme according to your preference .
You can create animated GIFs using this app .
You can access the tool either from Extras or by using the keyboard shortcut Ctrl + Shift + G.
However , while creating a GIF , check the image size since GIFs tend to have a larger size .
Apart from the set of preset colors , you can also add new color formats by going to the Get Colors option .
Just click or tap on the selected color and you can switch between background and foreground colors .
The best feature is , the app even works in mobile .
Limitations of the App
Such a huge app with so many features is bound to have some limitations .
The white ghost ship rolled in the Atlantic swell as the rescue boats approached it 70 nautical miles off Ragged Point , one of the most easterly places on the Caribbean island of Barbados .
The yacht was unmarked , 6 metres ( 20 ft ) long , and when Barbadian coastguard officers boarded it , they made a gruesome find .
The boat 's phantom crew was made up of the desiccated corpses of 11 young men , huddled in two separate piles in the small cabin .
Dressed in shorts and colourful jerseys , they had been partially petrified by the salt water , sun and sea breezes of the Atlantic Ocean .
They appeared to have come from far away .
The sea - battered yacht , identified by one local ship 's captain as of French design , was towed into the port at Willoughy Fort , Bridgetown , and the bodies , by now wrapped in plastic bags , were heaved on to the quay .
In a part of the world where legends and myths have often been furnished by the sea , the mystery of the dead men soon provoked curious speculation .
An air ticket from Senegal Airlines and a tragic note written by one of the men as he was preparing to die have , however , helped investigators from several countries set about unravelling the mystery .
For , although the floating coffin appeared off the coast of the Americas , those on board had set off four months earlier from the Cape Verde islands , off the African coast , and had been heading for the European soil of the Canary Islands .
The evidence reportedly points to them having been cut adrift in the Atlantic and left to drift off to a slow , painful end .
Barbados police have said the cause of the deaths was starvation and dehydration .
' Please excuse me '
" I would like to send to my family in Bassada [ a town in the interior of Senegal ] a sum of money .
Please excuse me and goodbye .
This is the end of my life in this big Moroccan sea , " the note said , according to a Barbados paper , the Daily Nation .
Relatives of those aboard have been contacting the Barbadian authorities from as far afield as Senegal , Spain and Portugal .
They have added pieces to the puzzle - based on telephone calls with relatives before they boarded , and with people who stayed in contact with the boat during the first stage of the voyage .
The story of the 11 dead and some 40 other would - be immigrants from Guinea Bissau , Senegal and Gambia starts on Christmas Day last year at Praia , a port in the former Portuguese colony of Cape Verde .
There , for € 1,300 ( £ 890 ) each , they were promised a trip to the Canary Islands by a mysterious Spaniard .
Their boat was to be a motorised yacht , recently repaired but bearing no name and no flag .
They paid to make the voyage , assuming that the Spaniard - a mechanic based in the Canaries - would be skippering the boat .
At the last moment , however , a Senegalese man took over and the Spaniard disappeared .
Several then refused to make the journey .
One , according to the El Pais newspaper yesterday , jumped from the yacht as it set sail .
It is by no means clear what happened next .
Somewhere near the Mauritanian port of Nouadhibou the yacht ran into trouble .
Another boat was sent to its aid , apparently after the skipper had contacted the Spaniard .
The yacht was towed but , at some stage , the line was severed .
El Pais reported that it had been hacked with a machete .
With no fuel left and food and water running out , the migrants ' fate was left in the hands of the sea , the weather , and luck .
The latter soon ran out .
The yacht drifted into the stormy Atlantic and , it is assumed , people were tossed or washed overboard as they died .
The 11 last survivors , huddled together against the elements , were reported to have died by the end of January .
At that stage their yacht became a ghost ship , battered by storms or winds until it appeared , 2,800 miles away , on the other side of the Atlantic .
A Barbados fishing boat was the first to sight it on April 29 , 135 days after it had set sail .
The coastguard vessel HMBS Trident was sent to discover its awful secrets .
Anxious phone calls from relatives to the Daily Nation have turned up some of the names of those on the boat .
They include a Gambian , Bouba Cisse , whose cousin Abdou Karime , now in Portugal , saw the case reported on TV .
" We 've been watching it [ the story of the 11 bodies found ] on Spanish TV and a lot of family members I know would have wished for the bodies discovered to be returned to our country , " he told the newspaper .
Immigrant route
The 11 bodies now in a Barbados morgue , along with those presumed dead , add to a growing death toll on the newest immigrant route into Europe from Africa .
This route , from the west African coast to Cape Verde , opened up late last year .
By March Spanish authorities claimed more than 1,000 had drowned .
That has not stopped the flow .
Three vessels carrying 188 African migrants reached Tenerife yesterday .
The number of immigrants to have reached the Canaries this year is close to 7,000 .
Interpol , meanwhile , has asked police around the world to locate the mysterious Spaniard who took some € 50,000 from the immigrants before they sailed to their death .
Last letter
I am from Senegal but have been living in Cape Verde for a year .
Things are bad .
I do n't think I will come out of this alive .
I need whoever finds me to send this money to my family .
Please telephone my friend Ibrahima Drame .
Signed Diaw Sounkar Diemi .
El Pais 's account of note found on boat
Do infants resemble their fathers more than their mothers ?
Back in 1995 , Christenfeld and Hill published a paper claimed to have found evidence that infants tended to resemble their fathers more than they resembled their mothers .
The evolutionary explanation for this , it was claimed , is that children who resemble their fathers are less likely to be abandoned by them , because their paternity would be less likely to be doubted .
The pop science press got hold of it — several years later , as they often do — and it was widely reported for a while .
Perhaps you heard about it .
A couple years ago , while looking for something entirely unrelated , I ran across the paper of French et al. titled The Resemblance of One - year - old Infants to Their Fathers : Refuting Christenfeld & Hill .
French and his colleagues had tried to reproduce Christenfeld and Hill 's results , with little success ; they suggested that the conclusion was false , and offered a number of arguments as to why the purported resemblance should not exist .
Of course , the pop science press was totally uninterested .
At the time , I thought , " Wow , I wish I had a way to get a lot of people to read this paper . "
Then last month I realized that my widely - read blog is just the place to do this .
Before I go on , here is the paper .
I recommend it ; it 's good reading , and only six pages long .
Here 's the abstract :
In 1995 Christenfeld and Hill published a paper that purported to show at one year of age , infants resemble their fathers more than their mothers .
Evolution , they argued , would have produced this result since it would ensure male parental resources , since the paternity of the infant would no longer be in doubt .
We believe this result is false .
We present the results of two experiments ( and mention a third ) which are very far from replicating Christenfeld and Hill 's data .
In addition , we provide an evolutionary explanation as to why evolution would not have favored the result reported by Christenfeld and Hill .
Other related material is available from Robert French 's web site .
In the first study done by French , participants were presented with a 1- , 3 - , or 5 - year - old child 's face , and the faces of either the father and two unrelated men , or the mother and two unrelated women .
The participants were invited to identify the child 's parent .
They did indeed succeed in identifying the children 's parents somewhat more often than would have been obtained by chance alone .
But the participants did not identify fathers more reliably than they identified mothers .
The second study was similar , but used only 1 - year - old infants .
( The Christenfeld and Hill claim is that one year is the age at which children most resemble their fathers . )
French points out that although the argument from evolutionary considerations is initially attractive , it starts to disintegrate when looked at more closely .
The idea is that if a child resembles its father , the father is less likely to doubt his paternity , and so is less likely to withhold resources from the child .
So there might be a selection pressure in favor of resembling one 's father .
But now turn this around : if a father can be sure of paternity because the children look like him , then he can also be sure when the children are n't his because they do n't resemble him .
This will create a very strong selection pressure in favor of children resembling their fathers .
And the tendency to resemble one 's father will create a positive feedback loop : the more likely kids are to look like their fathers , the more likely that children who do n't resemble their fathers will be abandoned , neglected , abused , or killed .
So if there is a tendency for infants to resemble their fathers more than their mothers , one would expect it to be magnified over time , and to be fairly large by now .
But none of the studies ( including the original Christenfeld and Hill one ) found a strong tendency for children to resemble their fathers .
But , as French notes , it 's hard to get people to pay attention to a negative result , to a paper that says that something interesting is n't happening .
[ Addendum 20061206 : Here 's the original Christenfeld and Hill paper . ] [ Addendum 20171101 : A recent web search refutes my claim that “ the pop science press was totally uninterested ” .
Results include this article from Scientific American and a mention in the book Bumpology : The Myth - Busting Pregnancy Book for Curious Parents - To - Be . ] [ Addendum 20171101 : A more extensive study in 2004 confirmed French 's results . ]
[ Other articles in category / bio ] permanent link
I 'm flat on my back in a very loud machine , trying to keep my mind quiet .
It 's not easy .
The inside of an fMRI scanner is narrow and dark , with only a sliver of the world visible in a tilted mirror above my eyes .
Despite a set of earplugs , I 'm bathed in a dull roar punctuated by a racket like a dryer full of sneakers .
This article has been reproduced in a new format and may be missing content or contain faulty links .
Contact wiredlabs@wired.com to report an issue .
Functional magnetic resonance imaging – fMRI for short – enables researchers to create maps of the brain 's networks in action as they process thoughts , sensations , memories , and motor commands .
Since its debut in experimental medicine 10 years ago , functional imaging has opened a window onto the cognitive operations behind such complex and subtle behavior as feeling transported by a piece of music or recognizing the face of a loved one in a crowd .
As it migrates into clinical practice , fMRI is making it possible for neurologists to detect early signs of Alzheimer 's disease and other disorders , evaluate drug treatments , and pinpoint tissue housing critical abilities like speech before venturing into a patient 's brain with a scalpel .
Now fMRI is also poised to transform the security industry , the judicial system , and our fundamental notions of privacy .
I 'm in a lab at Columbia University , where scientists are using the technology to analyze the cognitive differences between truth and lies .
By mapping the neural circuits behind deception , researchers are turning fMRI into a new kind of lie detector that 's more probing and accurate than the polygraph , the standard lie-detection tool employed by law enforcement and intelligence agencies for nearly a century .
The polygraph is widely considered unreliable in scientific circles , partly because its effectiveness depends heavily on the intimidation skills of the interrogator .
What a polygraph actually measures is the stress of telling a lie , as reflected in accelerated heart rate , rapid breathing , rising blood pressure , and increased sweating .
Sociopaths who do n't feel guilt and people who learn to inhibit their reactions to stress can slip through a polygrapher 's net .
Gary Ridgway , known as the Green River Killer , and CIA double agent Aldrich Ames passed polygraph tests and resumed their criminal activities .
While evidence based on polygraph tests is barred from most US trials , the device is being used more frequently in parole and child - custody hearings and as a counterintelligence tool in the war on terrorism .
Researchers believe that fMRI should be tougher to outwit because it detects something much harder to suppress : neurological evidence of the decision to lie .
My host for the morning 's experiment is Joy Hirsch , a neuroscientist and founder of Columbia 's fMRI Research Center , who has offered me time in the scanner as a preview of the near future .
Later this year , two startups will launch commercial fMRI lie-detection services , marketed initially to individuals who believe they 've been unjustly charged with a crime .
The first phase of today 's procedure is a baseline interval that maps the activity of my brain at rest .
Then the " truth " phase begins .
Prompted by a signal in the mirror , I launch into an internal monologue about the intimate details of my personal life .
I do n't speak aloud , because even little movements of my head would disrupt the scan .
I focus instead on forming the words clearly and calmly in my mind , as if to a telepathic inquisitor .
Then , after another signal , I start to lie : I 've never been married .
I had a girlfriend named Linda in high school back in Texas .
I remember standing at the door of her parents ' house the night she broke up with me .
In fact , I grew up in New Jersey , did n't have my first relationship until I went to college , and have been happily married since 2003 .
I plunge deeper and deeper into confabulation , recalling incidents that never happened , while trying to make the events seem utterly plausible .
I 'm relieved when the experiment is over and I 'm alone again in the privacy of my thoughts .
After an hour of data crunching , Hirsch announces , " I 've got a brain for you . "
She lays out two sets of images , one labeled truth and the other deception , and gives me a guided tour of my own neural networks , complete with circles and Post - it arrows .
" This is a very , very clear single - case experiment , " she says .
In both sets of images , the areas of my cortex devoted to language lit up during my inner monologues .
But there is more activity on the deception scans , as if my mind had to work harder to generate the fictitious narrative .
Crucially , the areas of my brain associated with emotion , conflict , and cognitive control – the amygdala , rostral cingulate , caudate , and thalamus – were " hot " when I was lying but " cold " when I was telling the truth .
" The caudate is your inner editor , helping you manage the conflict between telling the truth and creating the lie , " Hirsch explains .
" Look here – when you 're telling the truth , this area is asleep .
But when you 're trying to deceive , the signals are loud and clear . "
I not only failed to fool the invisible inquisitor , I managed to incriminate myself without even opening my mouth .
The science behind fMRI lie detection has matured with astonishing speed .
The notion of mapping regions of the brain that become active during deception first appeared in obscure radiology journals less than five years ago .
The purpose of these studies was not to create a better lie detector but simply to understand how the brain works .
One of the pioneers in the field is Daniel Langleben , a psychiatrist at the University of Pennsylvania .
Back in 1999 , he was at Stanford , examining the effects of a drug on the brains of boys diagnosed with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder .
He had read a paper theorizing that kids with ADHD have difficulty lying .
In Langleben 's experience , however , they were fully capable of lying .
But they would often make socially awkward statements because " they had a problem inhibiting the truth , " he says .
" They would just blurt things out . "
Langleben developed a hypothesis that in order to formulate a lie , the brain first had to stop itself from telling the truth , then generate the deception – a process that could be mapped with a scanner .
Functional imaging makes cognitive operations visible by using a powerful magnetic field to track fluctuations in blood flow to groups of neurons as they fire .
It reveals the pathways that thoughts have taken through the brain , like footprints in wet sand .
When Langleben ran an online search for studies of deception using fMRI , however , he found nothing .
He was surprised to find " such a low - hanging fruit , " as he puts it , still untouched in the hothouse of researchers hungry to find applications for functional imaging .
After taking a job at the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine later that year , he mapped the brains of undergraduates who had been instructed to lie about whether a playing card displayed on a computer screen was the same one they 'd been given in an envelope along with $ 20 .
The volunteers – who responded by pressing a button on a handheld device so they would n't have to speak – were told that if they " fooled " the computer , they could keep the money .
Langleben concluded in 2002 in a journal called NeuroImage that there is " a neurophysiological difference between deception and truth " that can be detected with fMRI .
As it turned out , other researchers in labs across the globe were already reaching for the same fruit .
Around the same time , a UK psychiatrist named Sean Spence reported that areas of the prefrontal cortex lit up on fMRI when his subjects lied in response to questions about what they had done that day .
Researchers from the University of Hong Kong provided additional confirmation of a distinctive set of neurocircuits involved in deception .
For fMRI early adopters , these breakthroughs validated the practical value of functional imaging itself .
" I felt this was one of the first fMRI applications with real value and global interest , " Langleben says .
" It had implications in crime and society at large , in defense , and even for the insurance industry . "
The subject took on a new urgency after 9/11 as security shot to the top of the national agenda .
Despite questions about reliability , the use of polygraph machines grew rapidly , both domestically – where the device is employed to evaluate government workers for security clearances – and in places like Iraq and Afghanistan , where Defense Department polygraphers are deployed to extract confessions , check claims about weapons of mass destruction , confirm the loyalty of coalition officers , and grill spies .
The need for a better way to assess credibility was underscored by a 2002 report , The Polygraph and Lie Detection , by the National Research Council .
After analyzing decades of polygraph use by the Pentagon and the FBI , the council concluded that the device was still too unreliable to be used for personnel screening at national labs .
Stephen Fienberg , the scientist who led the evaluation committee , warned : " Either too many loyal employees may be falsely judged as deceptive , or too many major security threats could go undetected .
National security is too important to be left to such a blunt instrument . "
The committee recommended the vigorous pursuit of other methods of lie detection , including fMRI .
" The whole area of research around deception and credibility assessment had been minimal , to say the least , over the last half - century , " says Andrew Ryan , head of research at the Department of Defense Polygraph Institute .
DoDPI put out a call for funding requests to scientists investigating lie detection , noting that " central nervous system activity related to deception may prove to be a viable area of research . "
Grants from DoDPI , the Department of Homeland Security , Darpa , and other agencies triggered a wave of research into new lie-detection technologies .
" When I took this job in 1999 , we could count the labs dedicated to the detection of deception on one hand , " Ryan says .
" Post - 2001 , there are 50 labs in the US alone doing this kind of work . "
Through their grants , federal agencies began to influence the direction of the research .
The early studies focused on discovering " underlying principles , " as Columbia 's Hirsch puts it – the basic neuromechanisms shared by all acts of deception – by averaging data obtained from scanning many subjects .
But once government agencies like DoDPI started looking into fMRI , what began as an exploration of the brain became a race to build a better lie detector .
Paul Root Wolpe , a senior fellow at the Center for Bioethics at the University of Pennsylvania , tracks the development of lie-detection technologies .
He calls the accelerated advances in fMRI " a textbook example of how something can be pushed forward by the convergence of basic science , the government directing research through funding , and special interests who desire a particular technology . "
Langleben 's team , whose work was funded partially by Darpa , began focusing more on detecting individual liars and less on broader psychological issues raised by the discovery of deception networks in the brain .
" I wanted to take the research in that direction , but I was hell - bent on building a lie detector , because that 's where our funders wanted us to go , " he says .
To eliminate one major source of polygraph error – the subjectivity of the human examiner – Langleben and his colleagues developed pattern - recognition algorithms that identify deception in individual subjects by comparing their brain scans with those in a database of known liars .
In 2005 , both Langleben 's lab and a DoDPI - funded team led by Andrew Kozel at the Medical University of South Carolina announced that their algorithms had been able to reliably identify lies .
By the end of 2006 , two companies , No Lie MRI and Cephos , will bring fMRI 's ability to detect deception to market .
Both startups originated in the world of medical diagnostics .
Cephos founder Steven Laken helped develop the first commercial DNA test for colorectal cancer .
" FMRI lie detection is where DNA diagnostics were 10 or 15 years ago , " he says .
" The biggest challenge is that this is new to a lot of different groups of people .
You have to get lawyers and district attorneys to understand this is n't a polygraph .
I view it as no different than developing a diagnostic test . "
Laken got interested in marketing a new technology for lie detection when he heard about the number of prisoners being held without charges at the US base in Guant�namo Bay , Cuba .
" If these detainees have information we have n't been able to extract that could prevent another 9/11 , I think most Americans would agree that we should be doing whatever it takes to extract it , " he says .
" On the other hand , if they have no information , detaining them is a gross violation of human rights .
My idea was that there has to be a better way of determining whether someone has useful information than torture or the polygraph . "
Cephos ' lie-detection technology will employ the patents and algorithms developed by Kozel 's team in South Carolina .
Laken and Kozel recently launched another DoDPI - funded study designed to mimic as closely as possible the emotions experienced while committing a crime .
In the spring , after this research is complete , Laken will start looking for Cephos ' first clients – ideally " people who are trying to show that they 're being truthful and who want to use our technology to help support their cases . "
No Lie MRI will debut its services this July in Philadelphia , where it will demonstrate the technology to be used in a planned network of facilities the company is calling VeraCenters .
Each facility will house a scanner connected to a central computer in California .
As the client responds to questions using a handheld device , the imaging data will be fed to the computer , which will classify each answer as truthful or deceptive using software developed by Langleben 's team .
For No Lie MRI founder Joel Huizenga , scanner - based lie detection represents a significant upgrade in " the arms race between truth - tellers and deceivers . "
Both Laken and Huizenga play up the potential power of their technologies to exonerate the innocent and downplay the potential for aiding prosecution of the guilty .
" What this is really all about is individuals who come forward willingly and pay their own money to declare that they 're telling the truth , " Huizenga says .
( Neither company has set a price yet . )
Still , No Lie MRI plans to market its services to law enforcement and immigration agencies , the military , counterintelligence groups , foreign governments , and even big companies that want to give prospective CEOs the ultimate vetting .
" We 're really pushing the positive side of this , " Huizenga says .
" But this is a company – we 're here to make money . "
Scott Faro , a radiologist at Temple University Hospital who conducted experiments using fMRI in tandem with the polygraph , predicts that the invention of a more accurate lie detector " is going to change the entire judicial system .
First it will be used for high - profile crimes like terrorism and Enron .
You could have centers across the country built close to airports , staffed with cognitive neuroscientists , MRI physicists , and interrogation experts .
Eventually you could have 20 centers in each major city , and the process will start to become more streamlined and cost - effective .
" People say fMRI is expensive , " Faro continues , " but what 's the cost of a six - month jury trial ?
And what 's the cost to America for missing a terrorist ?
If this is a more accurate test , I do n't see any moral issues at all .
People who can afford it and believe they are telling the truth are going to love this test . "
The guardians of another Philadelphia innovation that changed the judicial system – the US Constitution – are already sounding the alarm .
In September , the Cornell Law Review weighed the legal implications of the use of brain imaging in courtrooms and federal detention centers , calling fMRI " one of the few technologies to which the now clich�d moniker of ' Orwellian ' legitimately applies . "
When lawyers representing Cephos ' and No Lie MRI 's clients come to court , the first legal obstacles they 'll have to overcome are the precedents barring so - called junk science .
Polygraph evidence was excluded from most US courtrooms by a 1923 circuit court decision that became known as the Frye test .
The ruling set a high bar for the admission of new types of scientific evidence , requiring that a technology have " general acceptance " and " scientific recognition among physiological and psychological authorities " to be considered .
When the polygraph first came before the courts , it had almost no paper trail of independent verification .
FMRI lie detection , however , has evolved in the open , with each new advance subjected to peer review .
The Supreme Court has already demonstrated that it is inclined to look favorably on brain imaging : A landmark 2005 decision outlawing the execution of those who commit capital crimes as juveniles was influenced by fMRI studies showing that adolescent brains are wired differently than those of adults .
The acceptance of DNA profiling may be another bellwether .
Highly controversial when introduced in the 1980s , it had the support of the scientific community and is now widely accepted in the courts .
The introduction of fMRI evidence at trial may have to be vetted against legal precedents designed to prevent what 's called invading the province of the jury , says Carter Snead , former general counsel for the President 's Council on Bioethics .
In 1973 , a federal appeals court ruled that " the jury is the lie detector " and that scientific evidence and expert testimony can be introduced only to help the jury reach a more informed judgment , not to be the final arbiter of truth .
" The criminal justice system is not designed simply to ensure accurate truth finding , " Snead says .
" The human dimension of being subjected to the assessment of your peers has profound social and civic significance .
If you supplant that with a biological metric , you 're losing something extraordinarily important , even if you gain an incremental value in accuracy . "
No Lie MRI 's plans to market its services to corporations will likely run afoul of the 1988 Employee Polygraph Protection Act , which bars the use of lie-detection tests by most private companies for personnel screening .
Government employers , however , are exempt from this law , which leaves a huge potential market for fMRI in local , state , and federal agencies , as well as in the military .
It is in these sectors that fMRI and other new lie- detection technologies are likely to take root , as the polygraph did .
The legality of fMRI use by government agencies will probably focus on issues of consent , predicts Jim Dempsey , executive director of the Center for Democracy & Technology , a Washington , DC - based think tank .
" From a constitutional standpoint , consent covers a lot of sins , " he explains .
" Most applications of the polygraph in the US have been in consensual circumstances , even if the consent is prompted by a statement like ' If you want this job , you must submit to a polygraph . '
The police can say , ' Would you blow into this Breathalyzer ?
Technically you 're free to say no , but if you do n't consent , we 're going to make life hard for you . ' "
Today 's fMRI scanners are bulky , cost up to $ 3 million each , and in effect require consent because of their sensitivity to head movement .
Once Cephos and No Lie MRI make their technology commercially available , however , these limitations will seem like glitches that merely need to be fixed .
If advances make it possible to perform brain scans on unwilling or even unwitting subjects , it will raise a thicket of legal issues regarding privacy , constitutional protections against self - incrimination , and the prohibitions against unlawful search and seizure .
The technological innovations that produce sweeping changes often evolve beyond their designers ' original intentions – the Internet , the cloud chamber , a 19th - century doctor 's cuff for measuring blood pressure that , when incorporated into the polygraph , became the unsteady foundation of the modern counterintelligence industry .
So what began as a neurological inquiry into why kids with ADHD blurt out embarrassing truths may end up forcing the legal system to define more clearly the inviolable boundaries of the self .
" My concern is precisely with the civil and commercial uses of fMRI lie detection , " says ethicist Paul Root Wolpe .
" When this technology is available on the market , it will be in places like Guant�namo Bay and Abu Ghraib in a heartbeat .
" Once people begin to think that police can look right into their brains and tell whether they 're lying , " he adds , " it 's going to be 1984 in their minds , and there could be a significant backlash .
The goal of detecting deception requires far more public scrutiny than it has had up until now .
As a society , we need to have a very serious conversation about this . "
The Cortex Cop
Your flight is now boarding .
Please walk through the " mental detector . "
For all the promise of fMRI lie detection , some practical obstacles stand in the way of its widespread use :
The scanners are huge and therefore not portable , and a slight shake of the head – let alone outright refusal to be scanned – can disrupt the procedure .
Britton Chance , a professor emeritus of biophysics at the University of Pennsylvania , has developed an instrument that records much of the same brain activity as fMRI lie detection – but fits in a briefcase and can be deployed on an unwilling subject .
Chance has spent his life chasing and quantifying elusive signals – electromagnetic , optical , chemical , and biological .
During the Second World War , he led the team at the MIT Radiation Lab that helped develop military radar and incorporated analog computers into the ranging system of bombers .
In the 1970s , long before the invention of fMRI , Chance began using a related technique called magnetic - resonance spectroscopy to study living tissue .
The first functionally imaged brain was that of a hedgehog in one of his experiments .
Now 92 , Chance still rides his bike to the university six days a week to teach and work in his lab .
His mind is as acute as ever .
After glancing through a book to confirm a data point , he resumes the conversation by saying , " I 'm back online . "
He explains that his goal is to create a wearable device " that lets me know what you 're thinking without you telling me .
If I ask you a question , I 'd like to know before you answer whether you 're going to be truthful . "
To map neural activity without fMRI , Chance uses beams of near - infrared light that pass harmlessly through the forehead and skull , penetrating the first few centimeters of cortical tissue .
There the light bounces off the same changes in blood flow tracked by fMRI .
When it reemerges from the cranium , this light can be captured by optical sensors , filtered for the " noise " of light in the room , and used to generate scans .
Though near - infrared light does n't penetrate the brain as deeply as magnetic resonance , some of the key signatures of deception mapped by fMRI researchers occur in the prefrontal cortex , just behind the forehead .
The first iteration of Chance 's lie detector consisted of a Velcro headband studded with LEDs and silicon diode sensors .
Strapping these headbands on 21 subjects in a card - bluffing experiment in 2004 , a neuroscientist at Drexel named Scott Bunce was able to accurately detect lying 95 percent of the time .
The next step , Chance says , is to develop a system that can be used discreetly in airports and security checkpoints for " remote sensing " of brain activity .
This technology could be deployed to check for deception during standard question - and - answer exchanges ( for example , " Has anyone else handled your luggage ? " ) with passengers before boarding a plane , or during interviews with those who have been singled out for individual searches .
With funding from the Office of Naval Research , Chance and his colleagues are working to replace the LED headband with an invisible laser and a hypersensitive photon collector to create a system that can pick up the neural signals of deception from across a room .
Before undertaking this project , Chance consulted with Arthur Caplan , director of Penn 's Center for Bioethics .
" Dr. Chance was a little uneasy about it , " Caplan recalls .
" But there are certain public places where we lose the right to privacy as a condition of entering the building .
Airport security staff is allowed to search your bag , your possessions , and even your body .
In my view , there 's no blanket rule that says it 's always wrong to scan someone without their consent .
What we need is a set of policies to determine when you have to have consent . "
Chance believes the virtues of what he calls " a network to detect malevolence " outweigh the impact on personal liberties .
" It would certainly represent an invasion of privacy , " he says .
" I 'm sure there may be people who , for very good reasons , would not want to come near this device – and they 're the interesting ones .
But we 'll all feel a bit safer if this kind of technology is used in places like airports .
If you do n't want to take the test , you can turn around and fly another day . "
Then he smiles .
" Of course , that 's the biggest selector of guilt you could want . " – S.S .
