I 'M GETTING back up to speed in the wake of my holiday , so let 's start the morning off on the lighter side of things .
This chart appears to be based on data from Wellesley College presented in Wellesley 's Counterpoint magazine ( but this I cannot confirm ) .
Clearly the anthropologists are onto something .
But it would be interesting to see gender ratios for each of these majors .
I would guess that fields with more balance between genders will tend to be home to more sexually active students .
Of course , the truly anomalous datapoint here would seem to be computer science .
Anyway : discuss !
UPDATE : I warned you that my brain was slow to get back up to speed .
Wellesley is a women 's college .
So please ignore my gender musing .
UPDATE THE SECOND :
An official from Wellesley College would like me to note that Counterpoint is a student publication , and the data was not necessarily produced in association with academic research at the school .
Teenage criminal racks up 69 offences
A TEENAGE criminal with a staggering 69 offences against his name has been ordered to pay $ 152,000 compensation for a house he burned down to cover his fingerprints .
Judge John Nixon said David Paul Rowntree , 19 , was a devious and out - of - control serial offender , the Geelong Advertiser reports .
" You have 50 priors , 29 with conviction and 21 where the charges against you were found proved but dealt with without conviction , " he said .
" Forty - nine of the 50 were for matters of dishonesty .
" You are a troubled and somewhat devious young man . "
Rowntree , of Colac , appeared in Geelong County Court yesterday for sentencing after being convicted on 19 new charges stemming from a crime spree in March .
Judge Nixon said Rowntree and a co-offender on March 5 drove a stolen car to Berrybank where they burgled a house on the Hamilton Highway .
" You used an angle - grinder to cut open a safe in the house and stole $ 100 cash and a coin collection , " he said .
" While removing the items from the safe , your finger went through the end of rubber gloves you were wearing .
" Fearing your fingerprint would be found on the safe , you took the lawnmower and chainsaw inside the house , emptied fuel from both onto the floor and set fire to the house . "
Judge Nixon said Rowntree then sat outside for a time and watched the house and its contents burn to the ground .
" You later burned the clothes you had been wearing , " he said .
" You engaged in a series of serious criminal acts , you were out of control and had little or no regard for anyone . "
The court heard Rowntree 's rap sheet included arson , criminal damage , handling stolen goods and multiple counts of car theft , burglary and theft .
Rowntree was sentenced to three years in a Youth Justice Centre and ordered to pay $ 152,330 compensation .
He was also disqualified from driving for two years .
Read more about David Rowntree 's crime spree in the Geelong Advertiser .
Los Angeles , California ( CNN ) --
Rick Norsigian kept two boxes he bought at a garage sale under his pool table for four years before realizing they may be too valuable to store at home .
The Fresno , California , commercial painter learned this week that what was in those boxes he paid $ 45 dollars for a decade ago could be worth more than $ 200 million .
" When I heard that $ 200 million , I got a little weak , " Norsigian said at a Beverly Hills art gallery Tuesday .
Art , forensic , handwriting and weather experts teamed up to conclude the 65 glass plates in the boxes were photographic negatives created more than 80 years ago by Ansel Adams , the iconic American photographer whose images of the West inspired the country .
Arnold Peter , the lawyer who led the effort to authenticate that the negatives were made by the man known as the father of American photography , said their approach was " to put these negatives on trial . "
Experts , including a former FBI agent and a U.S. attorney , " came to the conclusion that , based on the evidence which was overwhelming , that no reasonable person would have any doubt that these , in fact , were the long - lost images of Ansel Adams , " Arnold said .
The photographs were from the early career of the famed nature photographer , a period that is not well documented since a 1937 darkroom fire destroyed 5,000 of his plates , Arnold said .
" It truly is a missing link of Ansel Adams and history and his career , " said Beverly Hills appraiser and art dealer David W. Streets .
The photographs were taken between 1919 and the early 1930s at locations familiar to Adams , mostly around Yosemite , California , Streets said .
" This is going to show the world the evolution of his eye , of his talent , of his skill , his gift , but also his legacy , " Streets said .
" And it 's a portion that we thought had been destroyed in the studio fire . "
Norsigian , who scours garage sales for antiques , was looking for a barber chair when he spotted to two deteriorated boxes in the spring of 2000 .
" When I pulled on of those glass negatives out , I seen Yosemite , " he said .
" As a young man , I worked at Yosemite quite a bit .
So , right away I recognized it as Yosemite . "
He bickered with the seller , finally negotiating down from $ 70 to $ 45 for the boxes .
The owner said he bought them in the 1940s at a warehouse salvage in Los Angeles .
He bickered the price down from $ 70 to $ 45 .
It would be two years before he realized they photos may be from Adams , he said .
After four years , he had done enough research to realize the plates could be valuable .
He moved them from under his pool table and placed them in a bank vault .
How these 6.5 x 8.5 inch glass plate negatives of famous Yosemite landscapes and San Francisco landmarks -- some of them with fire damage -- made their way from Adams collection 70 years ago to a Southern California garage sale in 2000 can only be guessed .
Photography expert Patrick
Alt , who helped confirm the authenticity of the negatives , suspects Adams carried them to use in a photography class he was teaching in Pasadena , California , in the early 1940s .
" It is my belief that he brought these negatives with him for teaching purposes and to show students how to not let their negatives be engulfed in a fire , " Alt said .
" I think this clearly explains the range of work in these negatives , from very early pictorialist boat pictures , to images not as successful , to images of the highest level of his work during this time period . "
Alt said it is impossible to know why Adams would store them in Pasadena and never reclaim them .
The plates were individually wrapped in newspaper inside deteriorating manila envelopes .
Notations on each envelope appeared to have been made by Virginia Adams , the photographer 's wife , according to handwriting experts Michael Nattenberg and Marcel Matley .
They compared them to samples provided by the Adams ' grandson .
While most of the negatives appear never to have been printed , several are nearly identical to well - known Adams prints , the experts said .
Meteorologist George Wright studied clouds and snow cover in a Norsigian negative to conclude that it was taken at about the same time as a known Adams photo of a Yosemite tree .
In addition to Yosemite -- the California wilderness that Adams helped conserve -- the negatives depict California 's Carmel Mission , views of a rocky point in Carmel , San Francisco 's Fisherman 's
Wharf , a sailing yacht at sea and an image of sand dunes .
" The fact that these locations were well - known to Adams , and visited by him , further supports the proposition that all of the images in the collection were most probably created by Adams , " said art expert Robert Moeller .
Moeller said that after six months of study , he concluded " with a high degree of probability , that the images under consideration were produced by Ansel Adams .
Silver tarnishing on the negatives also helped date the plates to around the 1920s , Alt said .
" I have sent people to prison for the rest of their lives for far less evidence than I have seen in this case , " said evidence and burden of proof expert Manny Medrano , who was hired by Norsigian to help authenticate them .
" In my view , those photographs were done by Ansel Adams . "
Arnold , the lawyer , said they presented their evidence to descendants of Adams , but they 've not heard back .
Norsigian , who is 64 , still works for the Fresno school system , but he may retire this year .
It could be a while before he sees the profits from the sale of prints from the negatives , but Streets estimates over the next 25 years it could mean over $ 200 million for Norsigian .
For now , the photos will go on a tour of universities and museums , starting in October at Fresno State University , Norsigian said ,
" I just hope everybody enjoys them , " he said .
He 's not spoken with the man who sold him the two boxes a decade ago .
" If he 's still around , I 'm afraid he may come looking for me , " he said .
An experimental solar - powered plane landed safely on Thursday after completing its first 24 - hour test flight , proving that the aircraft can collect enough energy from the sun during the day to stay aloft all night .
Pilot Andre Borschberg eased the Solar Impulse onto the runway at Payerne airfield about 50 kilometers southwest of the Swiss capital Bern at exactly 9 a.m. here on Thursday .
Helpers rushed to stabilize the pioneering plane as it touched down , ensuring that its massive 207 - foot wingspan did n’t scrape the ground and topple the craft .
The record feat completes seven years of planning and brings the Swiss - led project one step closer to its goal of circling the globe using only energy from the sun .
“ We achieved more than we wanted .
Everybody is extremely happy , ” Borschberg told reporters after landing .
Previous flights included a brief “ flea hop ” and a longer airborne test earlier this year , but this week ’s attempt was described as a “ milestone ” by the team .
The team says it has now demonstrated that the single - seat plane can theoretically stay in the air indefinitely , recharging its depleted batteries using 12,000 solar cells and nothing but the rays of the sun during the day .
But while the team says this proves that emissions - free air travel is possible , it does n’t see solar technology replacing conventional jet propulsion any time soon .
Instead , the project ’s overarching purpose is to test and promote new energy - efficient technologies .
Project co-founder Bertrand Piccard , himself a record - breaking balloonist , said many people had been skeptical that renewable energy could ever be used to take a man into the air and keep him there .
“ There is a before and after in terms of what people have to believe and understand about renewable energies , ” Piccard said , adding that the flight was proof new technologies can help break society ’s dependence on fossil fuels .
The team will now set its sights on an Atlantic crossing , before attempting a round - the - world flight in 2013 , making only five stops along the way .
This image was lost some time after publication , but you can still view it here
It 's the end of an era .
At 69 years old , Wonder Woman has decided to put on some pants .
But actually , the new duds are not an act of self - determination by the woman ( formerly ) in red , white and blue .
Advertisement
According to the New York Times , the new head writer of the series , J. Michael Straczynski , wanted to " toughen her up and give her a modern sensibility . "
This is modernity ?
Where are her red boots ?
What about modernization requires her trademark " W " emblem to fade into the background ?
How is covering her once rippling , now wimpy , muscles a nod to evolved images of womanhood ?
Advertisement
I know what you 're thinking : Should n't feminists be happy that Wonder Woman now looks more like a young woman freshly off a college campus , at once ready to go fight some bad guys in an alley or in a pay discrimination lawsuit ?
Have n't we been fighting for women role models with more clothing as well as more substance ?
She could n't really fight evil in a bustier - is this not a feminist win ?
No , not by a long shot .
In fact , it feels like the sad loss of America 's first truly feminist comic book heroine .
This is n't the first time DC Comics has tried to " modernize " the Wonder Woman character , which debuted in 1930 as the creation of psychologist William Marston .
Marston , with the encouragement of his wife Elizabeth , designed her as a " new kind of superhero , one who would triumph not with fists or firepower , but with love . "
Wonder Woman , her creator said , was " psychological propaganda for the new type of woman who should , I believe , rule the world . "
As such , Wonder Woman , alias Diana Prince , was introduced as a protégé of the classical goddesses and , like her male crime fighting counterparts , possessed a variety of powers and tools , including superhuman strength , agility and cunning , the ability to fly , bracelets that made her invincible and a " Truth Lasso " that barred those bound by it from uttering lies .
Unlike her male counterparts , however , she sought to rid the world of evil by first employing logic and mutual human understanding before breaking out the fire power .
Advertisement
A generation of role - model starved women , finally presented with a truly powerful heroine , proved themselves a reliable comic book fan base - at the height of her early popularity , Wonder Woman had a readership of ten million , appeared in four comic books , and a daily newspaper comic strip , reported Philip Charles Crawford in School Library Journal .
Yet , social progress for women was n't correlated with the evolution of their superhero .
In 1968 , DC Comics debuted a " modern " version of Diana Prince who'd lost her goddess heritage and all her superhuman powers , gained a male mentor and his martial arts skills , and developed a propensity for the domestic arts .
She also came equipped with a new " mod " costume : a pantsuit with no " W " emblem , no flags , and no invincible bracelet cuffs .
Advertisement
Feminist outrage at the devolution of their heroine was quick .
A group of activists , led by Gloria Steinem , leaned on DC Comics to scrap the " new " Wonder Woman in favor of the more powerful original - and they won , convincing the company to restore Wonder Woman 's powers and history during the next version of the series .
They understood that along with equal pay and childcare and the right to hold credit in their own name , young women need to be able to see themselves in strong pop culture role models in order to fashion themselves into the real life versions .
Here we go again , it seems .
Wonder Woman donning what looks like skinny jeans is being spun as a direct result of the successes of the Women 's Liberation movement , a reaction to requests that female superheroes do a little less baring of buns and a lot more kicking them .
Yet in stripping Diana of her overt sexuality the new writers have missed the reason Wonder Woman was a feminist heroine in the first place .
As originally portrayed , Diana Prince was sexy not because of her bare legs and cleavage but because her personhood was n't defined by them and her powers not derived from fashioning herself for the male gaze .
She could work a 9 to 5 job , hold down a relationship , subvert international conspiracies and toss the villains in jail , and perhaps , as the first cover of Ms. magazine suggested in 1972 , even be president - and the way she looked was , as it should be , simply an aside .
Advertisement
While it 's yet to be seen whether this costume change signals an intent to again strip Wonder Woman of her super powers , it 's disconcerting to learn that the writers are creating a new back story for the character that deprives her of her upbringing on Paradise Island with her mother , Queen Hippolyta , and her Amazon sisters in favor of being smuggled out of her homeland as a baby as it was destroyed .
Wonder Woman 's original feminist creator 's intent in giving Diana the Paradise Island upbringing was to insinuate she knew gender equality existed because she 'd lived it and that her powers were derived from living with and learning from her sisters .
In effect , all women could become " Wonder Woman " if they tapped into the feminine power around them and strived for a gender just world that , we know from real live history , really did and can exist .
Is this rewrite an attempt to impose the myth of " post - patriarchy " on the character , in which she no longer needs to dream of and fight for equality because she 's achieved it ?
If the folks at DC Comics were n't aware , 2010 America is far from a mythical Amazonian paradise .
Take for example new statistics from the Geena Davis Institute on Gender and Media pertaining to female role models for young girls .
In G rated movies , just one in three speaking roles is female and in PG and R rated films , about 73 percent of the characters are male .
While there are notable exceptions , like Dora the Explorer and the girl superheroes in The Invincibles , young women are still hard pressed to find pop culture role models that look and sound like themselves .
If , as it seems , Wonder Woman is truly losing some of her characteristic fierceness , that 's one fewer strong female role model for girls to aspire to be .
Advertisement
Jim Lee , the artist responsible for Wonder Woman 's new design , claims he wanted her to look strong " without screaming , ‘ I 'm a superhero . ' " Even today , in this " modern era , " it 's still hard not to wonder , what 's so wrong with screaming that ?
Agree ?
Join Shelby 's Facebook protest group , DC Comics : Bring Back the Original Wonder Woman !
Advertisement
This post originally appeared on the Women 's Media Center Blog .
Republished with permission .
Send Shelby Knox , the author of this post , an email at shelbyknoxblog@gmail.com .
One of the most vibrant and dangerous places in the galaxy , Nar Shaddaa is a sprawling cityscape where nothing comes without a price .
Dominated by a black market that caters to every indulgence , the moon has become the ultimate symbol of corruption .
The upper levels present an endless parade of glittering neon towers and floating pleasure palaces ; no greater concentration of wealth exists across the galaxy .
Behind these flashy facades , crime bosses and secret political emissaries make backroom deals that decide the fates of worlds , and as much as both the Galactic Republic and the Sith Empire might like to change it , the Hutt Cartel calls the shots .
For all the opulence above , however , an equal level of brutality lies below .
The bowels of Nar Shaddaa hide some of the galaxy ’s darkest secrets .
In the pursuit of advanced technologies , unscrupulous enterprises conduct hazardous experiments on unwilling test subjects and crime lords employ slaves as fodder on industrial assembly lines .
Fugitives hide from the law after committing heinous crimes , and prisoners who ’ve vanished from all over the galaxy are held in anonymous and inescapable private prisons .
Criminal enterprises beyond
Hutt control compete for power , as well – foremost among them the Exchange syndicate , the Hutt Cartel 's only genuine rival .
While the upper levels of Nar Shaddaa may be one of the most desirable places to visit in the galaxy , the moon ’s lower levels are a place which anyone in their right mind would avoid at all costs .
In the distant past , before becoming the Hutts ’ showcase , Nar Shaddaa was used as a refugee camp for Evocii driven from Hutta itself .
Then again , after the Jedi Civil War 300 years ago , Nar Shaddaa was swarmed with refugees who were used by the criminal Exchange to lure and capture any remaining Jedi .
More recently , when the Great War began , it brought ruin to many star systems , but to Nar Shaddaa , it brought only more profit .
While other systems were offering allegiance to the Empire or to the Republic , the Hutts controlling Nar Shaddaa realized they could keep their autonomy – and their increased profits – by dealing with both sides .
This delicate balancing act has increased the risk of doing business , but it has n’t deterred competition .
The Exchange and the Hutt Cartel have engaged in a winner - takes - all crime war that spans the galaxy but centers on the tiny moon of Nar Shaddaa .
It ’s with a huge amount of pride that we can announce that for the past 12 months we have been working extremely closely with the fantastic people at Oddworld Inhabitants , from what started off as brief discussions in June 2009 , to now working on multiple projects , across multiple platforms .
Whilst we cannot go into specifics right now , we can tell you that over the coming weeks and months we will be announcing these exciting projects starring all of your favourite Oddworld characters .
“ To work with the team at Oddworld has been amazing ; being able to tap the minds of Lorne Lanning , Sherry McKenna and others has been fantastic , ” said Just Add Water ’s Managing Director Stewart Gilray .
“ It ’s almost symbiotic in that when something moves forward on any of the projects we just start chatting about new items , or what if we do this , ” Gilray continued .
“ We ’re all extremely excited to breathe life into the Oddworld universe and indeed to let it breathe life into us . ”
Why not follow that loveable Mudokon , Abe on Twitter at twitter.com / abemudokon .
WASHINGTON DC — Senator Bill Frist ( R–TN ) introduced a controversial new bill Tuesday that would severely limit the ability of sharks to " mutilate the institution of marriage until it is completely unrecognizable . "
" For too long , we 've stood by as our most sacred institution has been thrashed , bit by bit , by these amoral predators , " said Frist at a press conference , standing in front of a detailed diagram of a great white shark .
" Marriage is a union between one man and one woman , and no shark should come between them with its powerful jaws and massive dorsal fin . "
Advertisement
Sen. Bill Frist ( R–TN ) decries sharks ' " ferocious impact " on marriage .
Bill S-691 , also known as The Protection Of Marital Extremities Act , was co-sponsored by Mel Martinez ( R–FL ) , who said that , as a devoted husband , he would not want his own 25 - year marriage to be split to pieces by a shark , and hinted that opponents of the bill were in fact aiding the fish in their " murderous ways . "
Advertisement
" Liberals and Democrats would have you believe that sharks pose no threat to married couples , " Martinez said .
" They tell us that sharks should just be left alone to mind their own business , and they wo n't do anyone any harm .
But we say it 's time for those of us with backbone to stand up for what we believe in — before that backbone is torn violently from our torsos by these soulless , underwater killers . "
Added Martinez : " Marriage is a sacred institution , but it is also very fragile , especially when coming into contact with the saw - edged teeth of a bloodthirsty bull shark . "
Advertisement
Frist said it was vital that Congress act sooner than later .
" Sharks can smell a healthy , vibrant marriage from miles away , and it does n't matter whether the couple are celebrating their 50th anniversary or are on their honeymoon — no one is safe , " Frist said .
He then held up a photo of a lifeless , newly caught shark hanging behind a happily married couple , which he said was meant to show sharks everywhere that the U.S. government " means business . "
Advertisement
" It 's simply a matter of faith , " Frist added .
" And I have absolute faith that , if we do nothing , we 'll see many more families torn apart . "
Carcharodon carcharias : 17 - feet long , 5,000 lbs , more than 3,000 teeth .
Advertisement
Despite the fact that the bill calls for mandatory fines of up to $ 100,000 and a permanent designation on the Marriage Offenders National Registry for any shark found guilty under the new guidelines , some conservative groups still complain that it does not go far enough .
" This bill focuses too much on the species who have attacked marriage in the past , such as the hammerhead , oceanic whitetip , and tiger sharks , but we need protection against all sharks , " said Nathan Comino , president of The Quint Group , a conservative anti-shark think tank .
" Scientific evidence shows that the once - indifferent whale shark is now angrier than ever over holy matrimony .
We can't afford to ignore the facts . "
Advertisement
Critics also complained that the language in the bill regarding jellyfish was too vague , leaving a number of loopholes whereby they could escape prosecution .
According to recent polls , only 22 percent of voters who live in shark - infested areas on either of the country 's coasts say they are " very worried " about the damage sharks could wreak on married couples , while that number jumps to 86 percent in more conservative , landlocked , regions of the South and Midwest — a statistic that opponents of the new bill are using to bolster their argument .
Advertisement
" Republicans are once again playing the fear card , squashing the potential progress this country could make by accepting sharks into the mainstream , " said Eli Pariser , a member of the liberal group Move On .
" Yes , sharks look different and act different .
But that does n't mean they should n't have the right to choose their own lifestyles and swim with married couples . "
While opponents of anti-shark legislation have been vocal , some Democrats who say they support sharks ' rights have been careful not to oppose the bill outright .
Advertisement
" I believe they should be able to swim and feed as they always have , but I do not condone sharks attacking marriage , " Sen .
John Kerry ( D–MA ) said .
" This is an issue best left up to the individual states , whose residents know better than anyone which of their waters are safe to be married in . "
Frist remained confident , however , that the bill would have support in the Senate .
Advertisement
" The endless onslaught from activist judges , liberal media , and sharks ends today , " Frist said .
" Nor have we forgotten the other threats marriage faces , and this bill sends an unmistakable message to rattlesnakes , mountain lions , and lightning that we are dead serious about protecting marriage . "
The big casting news I was hinting about yesterday broke even before I finished hinting , in THE HOLLYWOOD REPORTER : So there you have it .
Petyr Baelish , master of coin for the Seven Kingdoms of Westeros , will be played by the amazing Irish actor AIDAN GILLEN .
( ( " Big news about a small digit , " get it ? ) )
Gillen is best known to American audiences for his superb turn on THE WIRE , where he played Tommy Carcetti , an ambitious city councilman who runs for mayor for Baltimore ... and loses most of his ideals along the way .
Carcetti was a brilliantly written character , and Gillen played him brilliantly , painting a vivid picture of a charming , intelligent , well intentioned man slowly seduced by power .
And he did it all with a Baltimore accent that was so convincing that I never doubted for a moment that he was American ... and was startled to learn , when he first came in to read for Littlefinger , that he was actually Dublin born and presently lives in London .
British audiences knew him first for his role as Stuart Alan Jones in QUEER AS FOLK , but he has extensive credits in both television and stage .
He 's a winner of the IFTA ( Irish Film and Television Award ) , and has been nominated for a BAFTA and a Tony .
He should make for a perfect Littlefinger , and I look forward eagerly to seeing what he does with the role .
The wait is finally over for John MacLean .
The Devils ’ all - time leader in goals and former AHL affiliate head coach will formally be announced at a 2 p.m. press conference at the Prudential Center .
MacLean will succeed Jacques Lemaire , who retired on April 26 , four days after the team ’s first round loss to the Philadelphia Flyers .
MacLean coached the Lowell Devils last season , his first head coaching experience of any kind .
He led the team to a 39 - 31 - 4 - 6 record , good for 88 points and the organization ’s first playoff berth since 2000 .
There has yet to be an announcement on who will fill out MacLean ’s staff or who will take over the head coaching position for Albany .
MacLean previously served as a Devils ’ assistant coach for seven years .
At times , MacLean ran the bench when Lou Lamoriello took over head coaching reigns .
Jamie Langenbrunner , who had several issues with Lemaire , looks forward to the opportunity of starting fresh with MacLean .
“ It ’s definitely that I ’m looking to move forward and get another opportunity at it . ” Langenbrunner said to Tom Gulliti .
“ I do n’t really have much to say about ( his relationship with Lemaire ) , but I ’m definitely looking forward to a fresh start so to speak . ”
Even though MacLean lacks head coaching experience in the NHL , Langenbrunner believes he ’s prepared for the task .
“ I think any time you go from being an assistant coach to being the head coach , it ’s a whole different ballgame , ” Langenbrunner said .
“ You ’re not in the same position .
You ’re not going to be doing exactly the same things .
He ’s obviously a guy that played in the league for a long time .
He understands a lot about the game and he paid his dues not only here as an assistant coach here for many years , but going down to Lowell and getting some head coach experience last year .
He ’s a guy that knows the game very well . ”
MacLean played with Langenbrunner in Dallas , and he ’s also played with Martin Brodeur , Jay Pandolfo , Brian Rolston and Patrick Elias .
MacLean , drafted sixth overall by the Devils in 1983 , made his debut on October 5 , 1983 against the Rangers .
The forward scored a pivotal goal in 1988 to clinch the organization ’s first playoff birth , and was a member of the 1995 Stanley Cup winning team .
He played 19 total NHL seasons with the Devils , San Jose Sharks , the Rangers and Dallas .
Contrary to popular belief , the Devils did not offer a contract to Chicago Blackhawks assistant Mike Haviland .
Many speculated that Lamoriello held off an announcement to interview the New Jersey native .
**********
So , what ’s my take on the announcement ?
I think it ’s a solid choice .
MacLean knows the Devils philosophy and , more importantly , he knows the players .
It ’s also a break from the defensive - minded coach we usually see hired by the team .
We ’ve seen other organization succeed with young , unproven coaches , but none have been an integral part of their organization before .
I think the hiring of MacLean will bring a fresh take to Devils ’ hockey and invigorate a club desperate to get itself out of the first round .
What are your takes ?
Like the move ?
Hate it ?
Leave your thoughts in the comment section !
Laurence Fishburne 's 19 - year - old daughter is making a serious push to break into Hollywood -- and she 's doing it with a hardcore sex tape .
TMZ has learned Montana Fishburne is starring in a porno flick for Vivid Entertainment -- explaining , " I 've watched how successful Kim Kardashian became and I think a lot of it was due to the release of her sex tape . "
Unlike the celeb she admires -- Montana , who also goes by the name " Chippy D , " is not arguing that her tape was stolen or obtained illegally .
We 're told the flick is set to be released in August .
Montana also talked to CarltonJordan.com about her new gig , saying " The first time is really nerve racking ... but , I have a lot of at - home experience . "
The environmental freak show that BP created gets worse yet again .
The Guardian :
In two separate research voyages , independent scientists have detected what were described as “ astonishingly high ” levels of methane , or natural gas , bubbling from the well site , setting off a chain of reactions that suck the oxygen out of the water .
In some cases , methane concentrations are 100,000 times normal levels .
Other scientists as well as sport fishermen are reporting unusual movements of fish , shrimp , crab and other marine life , including increased shark sightings closer to the Alabama coast .
Larry Crowder , a marine biologist at Duke University , said there were already signs that fish were being driven from their habitat .
“ The animals are already voting with their fins to get away from where the oil spill is and where potentially there is oxygen depletion , ” he said .
“ When you begin to see animals changing their distribution that is telling you about the quality of water further offshore .
Basically , the fish are moving closer to shore to try to get to better water . ”
Ready to fight back ?
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $ 2 a month !
Support Progressive Journalism
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
Fight Back !
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Sign up for our Wine Club today .
Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine ?
Jeff Bezos loves numbers .
In a speech in May to graduates at his alma mater , Princeton University , he recounted a childhood memory : when , driving with his grandmother , a heavy smoker , he calculated by how many years her addiction would reduce her life expectancy .
Announcing the result from the back seat , he expected praise for his deft math .
But his grandmother just burst into tears .
Ad Policy
The Amazon founder ’s geeky obsession with numbers evidently formed early , and despite the glimmer of discomfort revealed by his Princeton anecdote , his fervently quantitative take on the world clearly still predominates .
In a letter accompanying the 2009 Amazon annual report , for instance , he sets out a mind - boggling 452 goals for the company in the coming year .
The word " revenue " is mentioned only eight times , yet revenue growth is central to the Amazon story .
Expanding both internationally and across other products — nonbook sales represent 75 percent of total Amazon turnover — Amazon ’s global business has increased fifteenfold over the past decade , 28 percent last year alone .
Sales in 2009 topped $ 24.5 billion .
To put that in perspective , in 2008 total sales by all US bookstores were less than $ 17 billion .
Amazon is today , by some margin , the largest bookseller in the world .
Related Article Commentary : Colin Robinson on Amazon ’s Bad Business The Nation on Grit TV
Of all the goals in the report , Bezos proudly points out , no fewer than 360 deal directly with customer needs .
The customer has always been king in the Bezos ethos , and the formula for keeping the king happy is straightforward .
" Amazon gives the customers what they want : low prices , vast selection and extreme convenience , " he told a shareholders ’ meeting .
On these terms , Amazon ’s success is stellar .
It has more than 2 million titles on sale ; bestselling books are routinely discounted by 50 percent or more ; and it ranked first in BusinessWeek ‘s " customer service champs " awards last year .
But dig beneath the surface of the numbers and a more complex picture emerges , one suggesting that , stats notwithstanding , readers and writers may ultimately not be best served by Amazon ’s race to become the biggest , cheapest and most convenient bookseller around .
Amazon has not grown to where it is today by being touchy - feely .
Sure , it adopted the informal trappings that characterized many of the new technology start - ups of the 1990s .
But if Bezos ’s first desk at the company was an old door on trestles , the business conducted from behind it has been as ruthless as anything he encountered in his previous gig as a Wall Street broker .
Soon after Amazon ’s launch in 1995 , Bezos told his employees that he wanted a place that was both " intense and friendly " but that " if you ever had to give up ‘ friendly ’ in order to have ‘ intense , ’ we would do that . "
This hard - nosed approach has not endeared Amazon to publishers , who have consistently felt the pressure of the company ’s intensity , especially when it comes to setting terms .
In researching this article , I uncovered widespread resentment about the aggressive way Amazon pursues its objectives , matched only by dread of being publicly identified as a critic of publishing ’s largest customer .
" They have no sense of collegiality , " complained one publisher , who asked not to be identified .
" They behave like pigs , " said another , his voice dropping as he checked around to see if anyone was within earshot .
( Disclosure : the new publishing company with which I am involved , OR Books , does not deal with Amazon .
We sell direct to customers , channeling money that would otherwise go on discount and distribution to extensive promotion , primarily on the Internet . )
Dennis Loy Johnson , co-publisher of the Brooklyn - based independent Melville House , is one of the few publishers who have dared to speak openly about Amazon ’s bullying .
His story is far from atypical .
In 2004 a representative of the retailer contacted Melville ’s distributor demanding an additional discount .
Such payments are illegal under antitrust law , which precludes selling at different prices to different customers .
Large retailers circumvent this restriction by disguising the extra discount under the rubric of " co-op , " money paid to the bookseller for promotional services , often notional .
In this case the distributor did not bother with such niceties , describing what Amazon was after as " kickback . "
Johnson resisted Amazon ’s pressure and complained to Publishers Weekly about what he saw as the retailer ’s capo - like tactics .
What happened next evidently still rankles .
" I was at the Book Expo in New York and two guys from Amazon came to see me .
They said that the company was watching what we were doing and that they strongly advised us to get in line .
I was shocked at how blatant the pressure was . "
Within a couple of days Johnson noticed that the buy buttons for his books had been taken off Amazon ’s site , making Melville ’s titles unavailable .
In the end Johnson , faced with an offer it was nigh impossible to refuse , agreed to the co-op .
His books ’ buy buttons were reinstated .
Today Amazon is Melville House ’s biggest customer , and though Johnson still regularly flays the company on his popular publishing blog Moby Lives , he also concedes that it is highly effective at bookselling : " They make buying so easy .
It ’s impossible to resist . "
Another man who recently lost his Amazon buy buttons is John Sargent , head of Macmillan , the US arm of German book giant Holtzbrinck , home to many authors familiar to Nation readers , including Naomi Klein , Noam Chomsky and Barbara Ehrenreich .
In January Sargent confronted Amazon over its insistence on setting the prices of e-books it sold on its site , generally at under $ 10 .
This was a concern throughout an industry worried that low prices of electronic versions would undermine profits from printed books and generally lower the perceived value of the product .
Sargent informed Amazon that he wanted to move Macmillan to an " agency agreement , " meaning that he , as the publisher , could price books at whatever level he chose , paying Amazon a fixed discount .
Amazon reacted with characteristic distemper : bye - bye Macmillan ’s buy buttons .
A face - off ensued .
Amazon was vehement that its stand was on behalf of customers looking for bargains .
A gallery of cynics openly suspected it had more to do with securing the future of its proprietary e-book reader , the Kindle , in the face of Apple ’s imminent launch of the competing iPad .
Something had to give , and a few days later it did : Amazon gave in with a statement revealing contempt toward the very idea of a publisher .
" We will have to capitulate , " it said , " because Macmillan has a monopoly over their own titles . "
The company ’s hand had been forced by a preceding announcement that Apple had accepted an agency agreement with five of the six largest publishers .
Unusual for Amazon , its suppliers had an alternative for selling their books .
It was the first time Amazon had ever given way in public on a big issue with publishers .
And it may just have marked the beginning of a power shift between the retailer and its suppliers .
Such realignment is long overdue , because the problems caused by Amazon ’s business practices extend to fundamental matters of the future of the book business and the diversity of our culture as a whole .
Take the issue of choice : when it comes to the books it stocks , Amazon makes no pretense of selectivity .
Provided it carries an ISBN and is n’t offensive , Amazon is happy to sell any book Joe Schmo cares to publish .
" We want to make every book available — the good , the bad and the ugly , " Bezos once said .
Spurred on by Amazon and the growth of self - publishing companies like XLibris and Lulu , the number of new books being published has soared .
According to industry statisticians Bowker , just over 172,000 titles were released in 2005 .
Last year " traditional " output had risen to 288,000 titles , a significant enough increase by itself .
But adding what Bowker describes as " self - published " and " micro- niche " books , the total inflates to a staggering 1 million new titles in just twelve months .
Many would argue that the efflorescence of new publishing that Amazon has encouraged can only be a good thing , that it enriches cultural diversity and expands choice .
But that picture is not so clear : a number of studies have shown that when people are offered a narrower range of options , their selections are likely to be more diverse than if they are presented with a number of choices so vast as to be overwhelming .
In this situation people often respond by retreating into the security of what they already know .
As Barry Schwartz , author of The Paradox of Choice , explains , " When the choice set is larger , people tend to make worse choices .
They choose on the basis of what ’s easiest to evaluate , rather than what ’s important to evaluate … the safe , highly marketed option usually comes out on top . "
This apparent anomaly of greater choice resulting in a narrower selection finds a corollary in Amazon ’s use of metrics to recommend titles based on previous purchases .
The algorithms at work here are highly sophisticated and are widely credited with expanding consumer choice .
Yet such metric - based systems can simultaneously increase the variety of books purchased by individual customers while decreasing the overall variety of books bought by everyone .
This is because , as blogger Whimsley explains , " In Internet World the customers see further , but they are all looking out from the same tall hilltop .
In Offline World individual customers are standing on different , lower hilltops .
They may not see as far individually , but more of the ground is visible to someone . "
The loss of serendipity that comes with not knowing exactly what one is looking for is lamented by ex-Amazon editor James Marcus : " Personalization strikes me as a mixed blessing .
While it gives people what they want — or what they think they want — it also engineers spontaneity out of the picture .
The happy accident , the freakish discovery , ceases to exist .
And that ’s a problem . "
That sentiment is underscored by Charlie Winton , CEO of Counterpoint Press : " Shopping on Amazon is a directed experience — it works best when you know what you ’re looking for .
But how does that help with , for instance , a first novel ?
When independent bookstores were in a healthier state , staff picks and hand selling could bring attention to great books people did n’t know they wanted .
Now that ’s much harder . "
The shrinking of that market share has certainly been severe .
The number of independent bookstores in America has more than halved in the past two decades .
The pleasure of browsing shelves stocked with care and intelligence by independent owners of stores like Midnight Special in Santa Monica , Cody ’s in Berkeley and the Coliseum in Manhattan is only a memory .
Their collapse is the byproduct of another tenet of Amazon ’s business philosophy : low prices are always good for customers .
In addition to regularly offering bestsellers at more than 50 percent off , Amazon offers a wide range of titles for around a third off the recommended price .
Such low prices have forced its competitors to follow suit .
Last October Wal - Mart declared a price war on the online retailer .
As part of the offensive , the big box store announced that it would sell Stephen King ’s 1,074 - page Under the Dome at just $ 10 .
Amazon promptly matched Wal - Mart ’s discount ; the two competitors then lowered the price by another dollar , selling at nearly 75 percent off the publisher ’s $ 35 recommended retail price .
Of course , everyone loves low prices , but as with breadth of choice , the matter is more complex than it first appears .
To achieve such low prices retailers must seek ever deeper discounts from publishers .
A decade ago the average wholesale discount for a book was in the region of 40 percent .
Today it ’s more like 50 percent , and for many of the large outlets it can be 60 percent or more .
Amazon clearly anticipates that the trend of deeper discounts and lower prices will continue .
One prominent British publisher told me his sales director returned from a visit with Amazon at which he had been forced to grant better terms .
" The good news , " he reported back , " is they said I do n’t have to go in and see them again for eighteen months . "
Another London publisher , head of a well - known transatlantic university press , complained about the way Amazon undermined his company ’s efforts to sell its titles direct .
" They told us , in no uncertain terms , that if we tried to match the reduced price at which they were selling our titles they would take the lower price as the basis for calculating their discount , allowing them to price - cut still further . "
Blocked at every turn in their attempts to escape this relentless race to the bottom , publishers have seen their revenues fall , forcing many to make cutbacks and concentrate more on lead titles , the blockbusters that , accountants tell them , are the most profitable component of their business .
Fewer staff and falling promotion budgets mean that books by less established authors — the " mid-list " — receive ever shorter shrift .
The mid-list is the place where new talent has traditionally been nurtured , where publishers can take chances on less predictable titles .
" Look at books like Amitav Ghosh ’s Sea of Poppies or Roberto Bolaño ’s Savage Detectives , " says Paul Yamazaki , chief buyer at City Lights in San Francisco .
" These are serious , sophisticated books that began life with modest expectations , but after dedicated work by the publisher and independent booksellers , they went on to reach wider audiences .
This sort of publishing is under threat today . "
The accumulated effect of Amazon ’s pricing policy , its massive volume and its metric - based recommendations system is , in fact , to diminish real choice for the consumer .
Though the overall number of titles published each year has risen sharply , the under - resourcing of mid-list books is producing a pattern that joins an enormously attenuated tail ( a tiny number of customers buying from a huge range of titles ) to a Brobdingnagian head ( an increasing number of purchasers buying the same few lead titles ) , with less and less in between .
Responding to the effects of price wars last fall the American Booksellers Association warned , " If left unchecked … predatory pricing policies will devastate not only the book industry , but our collective ability to maintain a society where the widest range of ideas are always made available to the public . "
Authors , too , can be added to the list of price - cutting ’s victims .
In the fall of 2008 , as the crisis of publishing began , a boss at Scribner , where I was a senior editor for two and a half years , announced at an editorial meeting that when it came to advances , " $ 50,000 is the new $ 100,000 . "
Speaking with agents at this spring ’s London Book Fair , I found widespread corroboration that advances had indeed dropped precipitously .
This is partly a reflection of the overall dismal state of the market .
US book sales fell by nearly 2 percent in 2009 , after a drop of more than 2.8 percent the previous year .
It is also related , however , to a clause in many publishers ’ contracts that reduces royalties paid to authors if sales are made to booksellers at a high discount , in some cases reducing the royalty by half .
In this respect publisher , bookstore and customer appear to benefit from the lower price at the expense of the author .
But lower advances and royalties make for less - well - researched books and an author pool increasingly populated by hobbyists rather than those whose primary qualification is the ability to write .
It ’s hard to see how the allure of infinite choice and rock - bottom prices conjured up by Amazon can be dispelled , but there are slivers of hope .
Independent bookstores , especially those hosting regular live events , may be making a comeback .
Last year , membership in the American Booksellers Association rose for the first time , after two decades of decline .
And 37 percent of 18 - to 34 - year - olds told a recent survey they preferred to buy their books from independents .
At the other end of the business , the emergence of Apple as a competitor to Amazon , and Google ’s recent announcement that it will set up its own online bookstore , may allow publishers wiggle room in negotiating terms .
At the Book Expo in New York City , Jonathan Galassi , head of Farrar , Straus and Giroux , spoke for many in the business when he said there is something " radically wrong " with the way market determinations have caused the value of books to plummet .
He ’s right : a healthy publishing industry would ensure that skilled authors are recompensed fairly for their work , that selection by trusted and well - resourced editors reduces endless variety to meaningful choice and that ideas and artistry are as important as algorithms and price points in deciding what is sold .
Jeff Bezos and his beloved numbers are anathema to such an arrangement ; the best things to number would be the days of his company ’s dominance .
The Hamas operative killed in the IDF strike in Gaza Friday was a senior official who survived five assassination attempts by Israel , an announcement by Hamas ' military wing the Izz al - Din al - Qassam Brigades stated on Saturday .
Twelve other Palestinians were also injured in the strike , and some of them sustained serious wounds .
The Hamas man killed was 40 - year - old Issa al - Batran , from the al - Bureij refugee camp in the central Gaza Strip .
According to the announcement , in the last attempt on al - Batran 's life during Operation Cast Lead , his wife and five children were killed .
The Hamas military wing vowed that " this recent act of foolishness will not pass quietly . "
On Friday , the Popular Resistance Committees ' military wing the Salah al - Din Brigades claimed responsibility for the Grad rocket that was fired at Ashkelon .
The IDF Spokesperson 's Unit confirmed that Israel Air Force jets struck three targets in the Gaza Strip , including a terror hub in the north , a weapons factory in the central Strip , and a smuggling tunnel in the south .
All jets returned safely to their bases .
The IDF said the attack came in response to the rocket fired at Ashkelon Friday morning , and stressed that the military would continue to operate against any element threatening the citizens of Israel and its soldiers .
" The IDF holds the Hamas terror organization solely responsible for the occurrences in the Strip and for maintaining calm there , " the IDF statement said .
C G/B Am C G/ B Fmaj7 Am
g — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —|
d — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —|
a —3 — — — — —
—2 — — — — —
|— — — — — ———2 — |—3 — ———2 — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — — — ———2 — |
e — — — — — — — — — —— — — —
|— 5 — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — ———1 — |— ——5 — — — — — — — — — — — — —|
If there 's a bustle in your hedgerow ...
g — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — — ——|
d — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — ———7— —7 — — — — ———5— —5 — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — — — —|
a —3 — — — — —
—2 — — — — —
|— — — — — — —————5h7 — — — — — — — — ———2 — |—3 — — — ———2 — — — — |
e — — — — — — — — — —— — — —
|—5 — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — ———5 — — — — |— — — — — — —————1— |
g — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —|
d — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — —
|— — ———7—7—7 — — — — — — —
|— ——7 — — — — — — ———— — — — — — ——|
a — — — — — — ——————2 — |—3 — ———2 — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — ———7— —5 — |— — — ———5 — — — — — — — — — — — — — —|
e —5 — — — — —
—5 — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — —
|—5 — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — ———2—2— ——3— —x—5 — |
g — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— 7 — — ———7 — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —|
d — — — — — ———7 — — — — ———7 — |— — — — — — ———7 — — — ———7 — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —|
a — — — — —7 — — ———7— —5 — — —
|— — — — — — — — ———5 — — — ———7 — |— — — — — — — — ———7— —5 — |
e —5 — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — |— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— 5 — — — ——5 — — — — — — ——|
g — — — — — — — — — — — — — — ———7 — — — — — |— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— 7 — — ——7 — — — — — — — —— — — —
||
d — — — — — — — —————4— —7 — ——7—7 — |— — — — — — — — — — — — — — ———7 — |— — — — — ———7 — — — — — — — — — —
||
a — — — — ——5 — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — ———7 — ——5 — — —
|— — — — ——— ———5 — ———7—5—
||
e — — —5 — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— 5 — — ——5 — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
||
Next Verse
g — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — ———2 — — ——|
d — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — ———2 — — — — — — — |— — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — ————2— |
a —3 — — — — x — x — 2 — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — — — — ———2 — |—3 — ———2 — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — — — — —|
e — — — — — — — — — — ——— — —
|— 5 — — — ——5 — — — ——5 — — — —
|— — — — — — — — ———1 — |— ——5 — — — — — — — — — —|
Your head is humming ...
g — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — — — — ——|
d — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — ———52 — — — — — — — — — |— — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — — — — ——|
a —3 — — — — — ———2 — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — — — — — ———2 — |—3 — ——2 — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — ————2— |
e — — — — — — — — — — —— — — —
|— 5 — — — — — — —— ———5 — — — — — |— — — — — —————1— |— ——5 — —— x — 3—5 — — — |
g — — — — — — — — — — — — — ——|
d — — — — — — — — — — — — — ——|
a —3 — — — — — —
——2 — — — — |
e — — — — — — — — — — — — — ——|
Interlude
g — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —|
d — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —|
a — 5 — — — — — — ——5— 5 — |— 5 — — — — — 5— 5—5 — — — — —5—5 — |
e — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —|
Time Signature Changes During Interlude
g — — — — — — — ——| g — — — — — — —| g — — — — — — — — — — — — — ——| g — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — ——| g — — — — — — — — ——|
3 d — — — — — — — — —| 4 d — — — — — — —| 5 d — — — — — — — — — — — — — ——| 4 d — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — ——| 7 d — — — — — — — — — —|
4 a —5 — — 5 — — 5 — | 4 a — 3 — — — — —| 4 a — — — — — — — — — ——5—5 — | 4 a — 5 — — — — — 5— 5—5 — — — — —5—5 — | 8 a — 5 — — 5 — — 5 — — |
e — — — — — — — ——| e — — — — — — —| e — — — — — — — — — — — — — ——| e — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — ——| e — — — — — — — — — —|
g — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — — ——|
4 d — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — — ——|
4 a — — — — — — — — — — —
|—2 — — — — — — — — — — —|
e — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — — ——|
Bass During Solo
g — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —|
d — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —|
a — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —|
e —5 — — — — 3 — —3 — — — — 1 — |— 1 — —1 — — — — 1—0— 1—0—1 — — — — 1—3—0 — |
g — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —|
d — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —|
a — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —|
e —5 — — 5 — — — — x — — 3 — —3 — |— 1 — — 1—1—1— — 1—1— —0— 1—0 — — 1— 3—0 —
|— 5 — — 5 — — — — 3— —3 — ———1 — |
g — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —|
d — — — — ———3——3p0 — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —|
a — — — — — — — ————— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —|
e —1 — — 1 — — — — — — — ———1—1—1— —1—1— 3—0 — |— 5 — — 5 — — — — 3 — —3 — — — —1 — |
g — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —|
d — — — — — ———3 — — — — — ——————3 — — — — — — — — — |— — — — — — — — — — — — ———5 — — — ——|
a — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — ———0— 1—1— | — — — — — ——— — — — — — — ———5 — —— |
e —1 — — 1—1 — — — 1—1—1—0— 1 — — —1 — — — — — — —
|— 5 — —5 — — —— 3—3 — — — — — ——0 — |
g — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —|
d — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — ———7 — — — — — — — — — — — — ——|
a — — — — — — — ————— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — ———7—7 — — — — — — ——— — — — — — — —|
e —1 — — 1 — — 1— — 1—1—1— — 1— 1—0 — 3— 1 —
|— 5 — —5 — — — — — — — ———3— —3 — ———3— —3 — |
g — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —|
d — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — ———5 — — — — ——|
a — — — — — — — ————— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — ———7 — ——7 — — — — — — ———5 — — — —|
e —1 — — 1—1 — — — — 1—1— —1—3—1—1—1—3 —
|— 5 — — 5 — — — — ——5 — —— 3 — —3 — — — — ——3 — — |
g — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —|
d — — — — — — ———3 — — — ———3—3 — — —3 — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —|
a — — — — — — — —— ———1/3 — — ———3 — ——3 — — — — —
|— —— ——— ———7 — — — — — ——————5 — — — — — —|
e —1 — —1 — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — ————1—3 — |— 5 — —5 — — — — — —0—5—3 — — 3 — — — — — 3—1 — |
g — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —|
d — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —|
a — — — — — — — ————— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — ———7 — — — — — ——————5 — — — — —|
e —1—1 — —1 — — 1— x — x — 1 — — — 1—1— — 1— x — 3— 4 —
|— 5 — — 5 — — — — ——5— 3 — —3 — — — — — — 3—0 — |
g — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —|
d — — — — — — — — — ——————3 — ———3 — — — — — — — |— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — ———5 — — — — —|
a — — — — — — — ————0—3 — ———3 — ——3 — — — — —
|— —— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — ———5 — — —|
e —1 — — 1 — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — ———1—3 — |— 5—0 — — 5 — — — — 5— x — 3 — —3 — — — — — ———3 — |
Chorus
Repeat 7 times
g — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — ———| | — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —|
d — — — — — — — — — — — — — — ———0—2—3— —— 3—3—3 — | |*— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —|
a — — — — — — — — ———————3 — — — — — ————— — ————| |*— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —|
e —1 — — 1—1—1—1—1 — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — ———| | — —5 — —5 — — — — —5— 3 — —3 — — — — —0—1 — |
And as we . .
g — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — ———| | — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —|
d — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — ———*| | — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —|
a — — — — — — — ————— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — ———*| | — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —|
e —1 — — — 1 — — — 1 — — — 1 — — — ( 1— —0 — — 3 — — 4 — ) — — | | —
5 — —5 — — — — — ——3— —3 — — — — ———1— |
g — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —|
d — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —|
a — — — — — — — ————— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —|
e — — — 1 — —1 — — — 0 — 1—1— — 1 — — — 1—0— 3— 4 —
|— 5 — —5 — — — — — ——3— —3 — — — — — ——1 — |
g — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —|
d — — — — — — — — — — —————3—3 — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — ———7 — — — — — — — —— — — — — — — —|
a — — — — — — — ———0 — —3 — — ———3—0—0 — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — ———5 — — — —|
e — — — 1 — —1 — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — ———1—3 — |— 5 — — — — ———0 — —3— —3 — — — — —1 — |
g — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —|
d — — — — — — — — — —————3 — — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — ———7 — — — — — — ———— — — — — — — —|
a — — — — — — — ————— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — |— ———7 — — — — — — — ———————5 — — — — —|
e — — — 1 — —1 — — — 1—1 — — — —1— —1—1—3p0 —
|— 5 — — — — — — — ———3—3—3 — ———0h1 — |
g — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —|
d — — — — — — — — — ——————3 — ———3 — — — — — — — |— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —|
a — — — — — — — ————0—3 — ———3 — ——3 — — — — —
|— —— — — — — — — — — — — — — ———5 — — — — — —|
e —1 — — 1 — —1 — — — — — — — — — — — — — ———1—3 — |— 5 — —0 — — 5 — — — — 3— —3 — — — — 3—1 — — |
ritard
g — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —|
d — — — — — — — — — — — — — — ———3 — — ———3 — — — — —
|— —— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —|
a — — — — — — —————0—0—3 — — —0—3 — — —3 — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —|
e —1 — — 1 — —1 — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — ———0 — |— 5 — —5 — — 5 — — — — 3 — — — —3 — — — — |
g — — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — ——|
d — — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — ——|
a — — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
|— — — — — — — ——|
e —1 — — — — — — — — — — —
|— ( 1 ) — — — — — — — — — — — |— ( 1 ) — — — — — |
\
NEW ORLEANS – Chet Held , 48 , has been fishing the waters here off the Gulf Coast since he was a little boy .
He ’s worked in the oil industry .
He ’s done off - shore navigation .
He ’s been a commercial fishermen and a deck hand .
Held comes from a union family .
He is an assistant business manager for IBEW ( International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers ) Local 130 and his brother is a pipefitter .
Additionally , his sons and nephew are part - time fishermen and part - time union apprentices .
With the ups - and - downs of the skilled trades , “ we ’ve always had fishing to fall back on , ” Held told the World as we drove through a small neighborhood in St. Bernard Parish .
“ People got to work , ” he added .
“ You got to make a living . ”
For Held and his family it has been a hard few years .
“ First , we took an ass - whooping with Katrina , ” he said .
“ We lost our boats , our house and our belongings – a lifetime of memories .
We lost everything in Katrina . ”
As we drove through St. Bernard Parish , Held pointed out where his house used to be .
His voice a little shaky , he said , “ I ’m sorry , this is where my babies grew up and it was all washed away ! ”
“ And over there , ” he added , “ my car was on top of that house . ”
Held continued , “ It ’s hard living out here .
During the worst of it , we had to pool everything .
We had to survive together . ”
After evacuating , Held and his family – 25 in all – showed up at his cousin ’s door steps in Florida .
“ We were in shock .
We did n’t know what was going to happen , ” he added .
Held , like many people in the bayou , hold family , friends and community very close .
They see the Katrina tragedy as a community tragedy .
As we drove past the marsh with broken boat hulls still visibly protruding from the water , Held added , “ The names of the boats are like people .
They ’re like the family I grew up with .
There is a lot of hurt here . ”
Unfortunately , however , it was n’t just the breaking of the levee that almost destroyed this quiet little neighborhood about 30 miles outside of New Orleans .
Just east of where Held ’s house once stood is a Murphy Oil , Inc. refinery , one of the largest employers in the area .
As the 25 - foot wave crushed everything in its path , it also ruptured a nearby oil tanker spilling thousands of barrels of oil into the surrounding community .
According to Held , Murphy Oil , Inc. provided a “ small settlement . ”
“ We jumped on it .
We had to get something in our pockets .
We were devastated .
Everything was so expensive , and there were thousands of other people in the same boat .
We did n’t know what else to do . ”
Now with the Deepwater Horizon explosion , the loss of 11 lives , and the 200,000 gallons of oil pouring into the Gulf Coast every day , he said , “ everything has been totally shut down .
Our livelihoods are gone . ”
“ Fishermen all over , ” Held continued , “ have used up every dollar , every last penny , to get their boats ready . ”
“ We ’ve got house notes and boat notes , just like everybody else , ” he added .
“ We live off of these waters .
And now we ca n’t fish . ”
While St. Bernard Parish is about 70 miles from the coast , fishing is its life ’s blood .
Everybody from the local mom-and - pop restaurants , to the grocery stores , to the bait shops , schools and churches is tied to the industry .
“ It ’s a damn shame , ” Held said outside an empty bait shop , boats docked with crab nets standing ready like statues , just waiting .
“ We should be out there making money .
All those boats tied up , it ’s a sin . ”
Things are tense here .
Nobody is quite sure what ’s going to happen , when it ’s going to happen or how it ’s going to get done .
Furthermore , nobody can work .
In fact , the only work to be had is putting out booms .
Additionally , with congressional investigators raising questions about BP ’s decision to continue work even though highly combustible gas had seeped into the Deepwater Horizon well , it is becoming ever more apparent that this whole crisis could have been avoided – if standard precautionary measures had been taken .
To a community already reeling from the Hurricane Katrina disaster , this seems like another slap in the face .
Only about 50 percent of the population of St. Bernard Parish have returned since Katrina .
Furthermore , there are currently only about 3,000 registered fishermen in the area ; there were 15,000 registered fishermen in the early 1980s .
However ,
Held is n’t just angry about the current crisis and its impact on his community ; he blames the oil companies for coastal erosion as well .
“ We are losing our barrier islands ” Held said .
“ When you suck the bottom out , the land sinks . ”
“ Not only have the oil companies taken our jobs and polluted our waters , they ’ve caused coastal erosion .
Mile and miles of land , it ’s just not there anymore , ” he added .
As we stood looking out at the water – idle boats on one side and “ STOP : Hazmat Area Authorized Personal Only ” signs on the other – Held asked , “ How much of this will be covered with oil ? ”
Photo : IBEW ’s Chet Held discusses the implications of the oil spill with his fellow fishermen and bayou residents .
( Blake Deppe / PW )
Pride Glasgow is a lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender festival held in Scotland 's largest city .
An estimated 3,000 people took part in the Pride parade .
The parade went from Kelvingrove Park in the west of the city to George Square in the city centre .
Organisers said the event had been " fabulous " and " passed off with no problems " .
One of the issues being highlighted by Pride was the current UK Government ban on gay and bisexual men giving blood .
Thousands more joined the rally in George Square , where 90s pop band Five were the main act on stage .
Just over a hundred years ago , the US led the world in terms of rethinking how big business worked – and when the power of such firms should be constrained - by enacting the Sherman Antitrust Act .
The Dodd - Frank financial - reform bill , which is about to pass the US Senate , does something similar – and long overdue – for banking .
Image caption Black holes can release jets of fast - moving particles as they gorge on matter
A small black hole has been observed blowing a vast bubble of hot gas 1,000 light - years across .
The gas is expanding because it is being heated by powerful particle " jets " being released by the black hole .
The observations were made by the Very Large Telescope in Chile and Nasa 's Chandra space observatory .
Astronomers have unveiled the findings in the latest edition of Nature journal .
" We have been astonished by how much energy is injected into the gas by the black hole , " says lead author Manfred Pakull , from the University of Strasbourg , France .
Black holes are known to release a prodigious amount of energy when they swallow matter .
It was thought that most of this energy was released in the form of radiation , predominantly X - rays .
If the black hole were shrunk to the size of a soccer ball , each jet would extend from the Earth to beyond the orbit of Pluto Roberto Soria , MSSL
However , the new findings show that some black holes can spew out at least as much energy , perhaps more , as " jets " of fast - moving particles .
Astronomers say the two streams of particles they observed are the most powerful pair of jets ever seen from a stellar - mass black hole .
" The length of the jets in NGC 7793 is amazing , compared with the size of the black hole from which they are launched , " said co-author Robert Soria , from the Mullard Space Science Laboratory at University College London ( UCL ) .
" If the black hole were shrunk to the size of a soccer ball , each jet would extend from the Earth to beyond the orbit of Pluto . "
The black hole , located in the spiral galaxy NGC 7793 , some 12 million light - years away , is thought to be only a few times the mass of our Sun .
That makes it a minnow compared with the giant black holes which usually reside at the centres of galaxies .
It belongs to a category of celestial object known as micro-quasars .
Oireachtas Report covered it …
Mike Aynsley , Anglo Irish Bank chief executive , explains how the taxpayer will not get € 22 billion back .
Just for emphasis , Aynsley speaking :
We get a big thank you from Mr Aynsley and Anglo , for the € 22 billion we will never see again :
Alan Dukes ( our supposed public interest director ) refuses to say whether he interviewed new members of the board .
Rachael is a mom , hobby photographer , and digital designer .
She is a freelancer with a digital design Etsy shop .
I have always said that schizophrenics are the most honest people you will meet .
They are one of the only groups of people who give you the truth as they see it .
I know this statement may sound a little contradictory , since most of the time the things schizophrenics say are n't actually true or reflected in reality .
However , to the schizophrenic person , it is very true .
Let 's take a look inside the world of a schizophrenic .
Definition : Schizophrenia is a serious mental illness characterized by incoherent or illogical thoughts , bizarre behavior and speech , and delusions or hallucinations , such as hearing voices .
The condition typically begins in early adulthood .
Schizophrenia in the News
Creative minds ' mimic schizophrenia '
Creativity is akin to insanity , say scientists who have been studying how the mind works .
Creativity is akin to insanity , say scientists who have been studying how the mind works .
Sexual Assault Increases Risk for Psychosis and Schizophrenia
New research shows that a history of sexual trauma or rape may increase risk for schizophrenia or psychosis even years after the assault .
New research shows that a history of sexual trauma or rape may increase risk for schizophrenia or psychosis even years after the assault .
Brain patterns may show mental illness risk
British scientists believe they have found specific patterns of brain activity in children and young people which could be signs or ' markers ' of schizophrenia .
Inside a Psychiatric Facility
I used to work on the wards with schizophrenics in our state hospital .
The hospital was designed mostly for the criminally insane .
What that means is that these people were convicted of a crime but were deemed incompetent to stand trial .
I met some very interesting people while working in the state hospital .
It was actually my dream job , too bad I do n't work there now .
Schizophrenics tend to see things and hear things that are not there .
They have voices that command them to do things and delusions that make them paranoid .
While in training to work for the hospital , I remember doing an exercise that put you right into the heads of a schizophrenic .
Everyone in the room had to take on a role .
My role was to put on a headset and listen to the tape player .
I had to do everything it told me to do .
Other people in the class were making conversations with the plants and picking up blue men off the floor .
The exercise was a pandemonium of chaos for the next thirty minutes .
While it was fun , I got a glimpse into what it was like to be schizophrenic , at least simulated version , I can't imagine what it is really like for these people .
The comparisons of brains
Stories About Real Schizophrenics
One woman I worked for would wake up every day and accuse me of stealing her bras .
She said that I was stealing her undergarments and hiding them so that she would not be able to wear them .
No matter how much I explained that this is not what happened , she would not believe it .
Another woman would get up in the middle of the night ( I worked the overnight shift ) and say that there was something under her bed , tapping and shaking the bed .
I would go with a flashlight to check , except there was no under the bed for this thing to be under .
The beds are made of blocks of wood , resting on the floor and topped with a mattress .
She also smelled gyros at 2 am and wanted to ride a pony through the wards .
A man I met in the ward ate an entire Bible - his colon got stopped up and he had to have surgery .
He ate the Bible because he thought that he had to have God inside of him to make him live .
He also did not shower except when the sensors in his hands told him it was okay to do so .
There was another man who had schizophrenia , dementia , and HIV - he was like a record on repeat every morning .
He said the exact same thing , at the exact same time every morning .
Same mannerisms , same words , same facial expressions .
" Your mama do n't dance and your daddy do n't rock and roll . "
And he would shake his hips at me .
He would swivel them around and say , " I 'm just a sweet transvestite , " from Rocky Horror Picture Show .
The Sad Stigma of Schizophrenia
There is a stigma about schizophrenics , like most people with mental illnesses .
These people are just different from us .
In most cases , they are not going to harm anyone .
There are times when they will .
They need treatment and they need therapy - all of which can be available to them .
Just because the media links schizophrenia to criminal violence - does not make it true , but it does perpetuate the stereotype and stigma associated with this disease .
A lot of times society is living in its own state of schizophrenia when it comes to these people .
These people are suffering a disease that steals their brain and tends to take control of their thoughts and belief systems .
Though their speech and behavior can be frightening and confusing to on - lookers , it is a good bet that these people are more frightened of you than you are of them .
They are withdrawn and scared , with little to no human contact , because they are afraid of what they will do or what someone will do to them .
Its not a comforting life to live , it 's a life of paranoia and hallucinations .
Always thinking someone is out to get you , thinking you have to do things in order for other things to happen .
Having voices from inside your head telling you that you are worthless .
This is not the kind of life I would like to live .
Next time you see a schizophrenic on the TV - in movies or television series - make sure what you are watching is based in fact .
There is already too much misinformation out there .
These people already go through enough without having half - truths and lies representing them .
This content reflects the personal opinions of the author .
It is accurate and true to the best of the author ’s knowledge and should not be substituted for impartial fact or advice in legal , political , or personal matters .
Mona Sabalones Gonzalez from Philippines on July 05 , 2020 :
I appreciate the sympathetic tone you have in this article about schizophrenics .
It is admirable that you were very open to the patients and you were willing to experience what it is like to have their illness .
I especially like it when you said that schizophrenics are the most honest people in life .
That is very true , and you are very wise .
Dominica Romeo from Troy , NY on July 05 , 2020 :
Good article !
I was diagnosed with Schizophrenia in 2005 .
It 's difficult to try and explain my delusions .
Partly because it 's embarassing and also very intricate and detailed to recall accurately .
I agree about a schizophrenic being very afraid .
I do not like that schizophrenia is associated with violence in a lot of people 's minds .
The stigma is harmful to the schizophrenic and to society at large , and I hope it changes .
Priti kavle on September 06 , 2017 :
Hi sir pls guide me for my schizophrenic brother .now a days he is getting sexual attack .
we r not able to handle him .
TIMOTHY on August 19 , 2017 :
I 've been diagnosed with schizoaffective anxiety disorder sleep deprivation up for 2 to 3 days at a time depression Fort Erie boat lumbar chronic pain and always having to tell the truth being straightforward the worst thing is feeling like nobody believes you and I could actually see the worst in people because I know and that 's not being paranoid schizo effective if you know like you saying you better around schizophrenia and difference between schizoaffective I know when I do hear something it 's fake and I know when it 's real and when it's not
Priscilla on July 25 , 2017 :
My beautiful 17 year old niece was diagnosed on July 5 , 2017 .
This has been a shock to the family , I can't stop crying .
I think about her and pray for her .
I do n't know what to do , am trying to be strong .
She 's been through so much , and I will always be there for her .
Thank you for your article .
Jean on July 10 , 2017 :
Thank you for your article .
My son was diagnosed in 2013 with paranoid schizophrenia .
He was 25 years old .
He 's now 29 and when I say schizophrenia is a sad and lonely disease I am not exaggerating .
I love my son with all my heart and soul .
He is without a doubt , the sweetest , most gentle person I know .
Sadly , this is not enough for him because he does not go anywhere , has no friends of his own anymore , although his sister 's friends all adore him !
My twin grandchildren , especially the boy twin is so attached to his uncle it makes me cry because I remember my son when he was four years old , and my grandson is so like him .
When I say it makes me cry , it 's not that I feel something is wrong with my grandson 's adoration of his Uncle but that I feel wistful or homesick for my son .
I wish sometimes I could go back there to his four year old self and have fun with him again .
Your article is so kind and I wish more people would get to know more people who have schizophrenia and see they really are special people .
Rachael Fields ( author ) from KC , MO on April 09 , 2015 :
@ Ellen , thanks for stopping in and sharing your story .
I really do hope you find some peace with yourself and your diagnosis .
Good luck with your recent removal of your medicine !
Ellen on April 07 , 2015 :
Hello ,
I am 24 years old female i was diagnosed with schizophrenia on 2008 ..
I think by far it was most cruel / tough times i have ever experienced no matter how i try to put it in words .
I never really shared my thoughts with the people around me and i never told my phsyciatrist what im thinking of because i had a fear that they wont believe me , but back then i was very sure of what i was thinking even though it did n't make any sense , like when i thought i am a messenger from god .
i heard voices that were insulting me everywhere i go and i could hear them in the shower and i really believed there are people spying on my bathroom .
there were moments when i lose feeling of time and stay sitting for hours without moving or talking and i was unable to prepare meals for me or dress myself because it was hard to decide the correct order to do things or how to start .
I had to leave college and i never had my bachelor because i made a joke of myself when i attended while sick .
I was first sick on september 2008 then i had 2 replases in the following years .
I was just recently put off medicines by my doctor advice .
I am not sure if there is a hope of full recovery and that it will not strike again .
I managed to get a diploma in art and design and I 'm running my own business now .
I feel fine really except the fact of that im ashamed of my behaviour in the public back then .
The only problem is that i t cant find a partner who is willing to accept my condition nor to accept the fact is that i may never find anyone .
I am trying to do the things i love but i still dont know how to escape my loneliness especially that all my siblings are married and living away . , and am worried about what is the future is holding for me .
sorry for the long comment
Rachael Fields ( author ) from KC , MO on March 15 , 2015 :
@camille - I am sorry I can't advise you on what to do in this situation .
You have to do what you feel is right for you in your own circumstances .
But , thank you so much for reading and commenting .
I wish you nothing but the very best !
camille on February 28 , 2015 :
How do you stay with a spouse who d o not want to get medical help ?
Rachael Fields ( author ) from KC , MO on October 31 , 2014 :
@ Pico Triano - I 'm glad you found this helpful .
I hope you continue to learn more . :)
Thanks for reading !
Rachael Fields ( author ) from KC , MO on September 15 , 2014 :
Hi there @justagirl .
I appreciate your comment and reading my article .
I would suggest looking into assistance programs that may be available in your area to help with any questions on possible assistance with a relative with mental illness .
Just a girl on September 14 , 2014 :
Hello !
I want to agree with all said in this well - written article .
Unfortunately like 2 moths ago I understood that my aunt have been suffering from schizophrenia for something like 20 - 21 years .
But she is a very good person , she is unable to harm you and is the most honest person I 've ever met .
She is now taking a medicine that in accordance with my mother is the exact medicine she needs .
She seems to be OK know but who knows ?
I 've mostly heard that schizophrenia can't be cured , just prevented or stopped for an unknown period of time .
She have n't been in a madhouse as far as I know but she and my grandma ( her mother ) visit a psychiatrist in the capital city of my country .
I 've cried .
I do n't deny it but I also have n't stopped to believe that now she 's well and will keep on being well .
I do n't feel ashamed of her !
I do n't have any reasons .
We do n't select to be ill ...
Her mental illness was provoked from a medicine that was not the medicine she needed to use , because of one incompetent doctor ...
It 's a pity !
But I have some questions to ask if its possible , of course .
My grandma and my aunt have a flower shop .
They both work there but my grandma does not permit her to work a lot and today I have heard them discussing this .
My aunt was saying that she has to work , and my grandma that she does n't have to work .
Is there something like the ill people do n't have to work too much or what ?
And I want to say that when my aunt is in the shop she 's just selling flowers and making bouquets , she 's not doing the hard part of this job ( because in their little shop there are a lot of hard parts ) .
I 've heard that the doctor of my aunt has told her only to work 5 - 6 hours per day but I am not sure about that .
I will appreciate if you take your time to read my big comment ( sorry for that ) and respond me .
John from New Brunswick , Canada on September 08 , 2014 :
Voted up this excellent hub .
My oldest son was diagnosed with schizophrenia this summer .
Difficult for the whole family but it explains so much of what was happening with him .
We have a lot of learning to do on the subject .
Currently am reading A Beautiful Mind .
Rachael Fields ( author ) from KC , MO on September 03 , 2014 :
@greeneyedblondie - absolutely it 's important to educate yourself and make sure that stigma does n't cloud your judgement .
It 's great to find another supporter of the mentally ill .
greeneyedblondie on August 18 , 2014 :
Ever since I watched " A Beautiful Mind " I have a new perspective on mental health .
I had to watch it in health class and for several months in that class we had to discuss mental illness stigmas and how they 've changed over the centuries ( in midevil times people with mental illness just walked around in public like everything else , but in ancient Rome times they locked them away ) .
I 'm glad I 'm not the only one that respects Schizophrenics .
Portulaca on May 30 , 2014 :
Since I last wrote , my car was stolen from the driveway one morning about 1 am .
I was awakened by the sound of it pulling out of the driveway .
The gravel was disturbed .
I took the dog out in the morning and said " Something is missing .... the car is gone ! "
I know that I did n't do it because my medicine puts me in a deep sleep .
I have the keys plus , I think I had the thief 's keys .... little keys on a keychain .
I called the officer back again and gave him the little keys found on the opposite side of the yard .
I had just gotten my safe driver discount .
I am a good driver .
I did n't get my license until I was nearly 30 .
Over last week I have been thinking about the first brain injury I got .
I was at school and was about 11 years old .
I had never played softball and did n't know how dangerous it was to swing the bat when you run to first .
I must have hit this girl in the arm or leg because she then hauled off and hit me in the head with the bat .
After that , I can only guess .
My mother told me today no one told her about it .
I can believe that .
I should have been taken to the hospital but was n't .
That was around 1970 .
Anyway , my friend is in the hospital with pneumonia .
It is nice to know that someone will read this .
Things always get better .
You just have to stay strong and take care of yourself .
It always helps for me to write or type these things down .
Sometimes I will go through what I have written and doubt it like it was my imagination but I am pretty sure that I got hit in the head with a bat the first time at age 11 .
Another thing that bothers me is I had this bitchy teacher who chewed me out in the fourth grade for saying " yes , ma'm . "
My parents taught me manners and then I got chewed out for being nice .
Other times with that teacher and then the stomach aches started the same time every day .
The next year I would be in the hospital .
I was in unblievable pain .
The doctor said it was just gas at first until it was found that I was missing some of my intestines .
In fact , during a tubaligation my gynocologist found that I was missing my appendix and had no appendectomy scar .
Being schizophrenic I can only guess what happened to it .
Maybe I was born without it like my cousin is missing something in her inner ear .
But I think it may have burst and God willing I lived .
I hear mentally ill people often go back begrudging people in their childhood .
Well these so - called normal people sure do too .
susan on May 18 , 2014 :
Jessica w that sounds like schizophrenia to me , my brother can tell me sometimes when his ideas about events are n't part of reality , and other times he can't seem to tell the difference and reacts emotionally to his paranoid delusions .
He claims people said things to him , like a random cashier at a grocery store , that they NEVER said .
Horrible things .
And he reacts emotionally to the imagined comments .
Jessica w. on May 17 , 2014 :
My mother is a paranoid schizophrenic and in complete denial ..
I am 25 , she is 45 .
I started noticing it when I was about 1O .
She has always lived with my grandma until 3 years ago , now she 's on her own ..
She has been evicted 3 times , she thinks she has a child that does n't exist , she thinks , people are following her from highschool , & she has this thing where she thinks people are other people ..
Does that make sense ?
An example would be she met " bob " in 2012 then she met " joe " in 2014 she thinks joe is really bob but he 's using another name for what reason ?
I do n't know .
She thinks people are always trying to harm children ..
This is so out of control .
What can I do ?
She 's never been diagnosed .
Portulaca on May 10 , 2014 :
Keep your reciepts and make copies of them .
The rude lady that noticed something was wrong with me at the electric company , I could feel it , she did not credit my account but I have my reciept and my mother .
It was Tues. at the latest .
I got a reciept and gave it to my mother .
I should n't be getting a bill on Saturday that claims I did n't pay them !
Now it makes me wonder if they really did credit the LEAP check .
I 'm never paying anyone with cash again .
Portulaca on May 07 , 2014 :
I found out the tree on campus that I like is called a Sweet Betsy .
It has maroon colored flowers .
I found it in a magazine at the electric company .
I still can't believe my bill was so high since I was supposed to get a credit of $ 300 on the LEAP check .
They assured me I did .
Someone gave me some clothes and I washed and dried them , so maybe it is because I used the dryer .
I just like my laundry to smell like my laundry .
I 'm not particular about too many things since mental illness and poverty seem to hit it off well .... but I like my laundry to smell like flowers and I always add baking soda to stretch the suds and make the clothes softer .
And I do n't like the new microfiber sheets .
I 'd rather sleep on cotton even if they are old cotton sheets .
I was allergic to acrylic for a long time but I 'm getting better .
When the cat gets in my face it reminds me of Martians .
I suppose if the greys really do exist they have visited mentally ill people as well as mentally fit people .
Why is it always is the person crazy that saw the aliens and UFO's ?
Why not ?
Recently I picked up the book " Communion " and was reading it .
Yes , that is pretty much what happened to me .
Except when I try to remember it everything is like a puzzle piece .
So if I had to blame anyone for the onset of my illness , schizophrenia , it would be the Martians ( I 'm old - fashioned ) ... when I was growing up they were called Martians .
Greys is a better word .
But they are actually greyish - green like the color of something you let rot in the fridge .
And they are leathery looking , I 'll agree with the author .
But kind of like those white powdered donuts but a light grey - green .
Little green men .
I was disappointed that they did n't have antennas because they sure did look like big bugs to me .
I woke up about 25 years ago with four little wounds ; one on each knee and one on my ankles .
Looked like a scrap or burn and they were circled in purple ink .
I lived in a place you 'd think was safe as could be from little green men .
While I was reading the book another salamander walked up and it seems funny to me .
But it was depressing because there are no answers when it comes to that .
So , I am back to working on some little art projects .
Someone left a lot of some family 's old pictures at the dump .
Sad .
I 've taken them and made something out of them .
There was a picture of a poodle on a float in a pool in CA in 1964 , so I framed it and put it with a shelf .
On the shelf I put a ceramic poodle to match and a plastic cactus to match the cactus in the picture .
Then to the right on the shelf there is a little round white table that looks like outdoor furniture with a miniature tea pot and a cup .
I 've made a couple of scrapbook pages of a girl who lived in West Virginia in the 1950's .
She looks sweet like the all - American girl .
I 've added a few things like a cut - out picture of gloves from the era and a typewritter to go with the picture of her at work at the bank .
They 'd look good in a restaurant that hangs antiques on the wall .
I found some books that were n't in good enough condition to sell but I used the pictures to frame .
They looked really cute because they were from a children 's book in 1952 and I chose pictures that show just how long ago it was ... like one where the milkman is delivering milk in glass bottles .
I 've been taking a lot of things out of this place that I have accumulated .
I can barely use my cell phone but I have taken some pictures of my flowers , most of them grown from seeds .
I like the Sweet Williams because the blooms last a long time .
The daisies will be gone in no time but they 'll be back next year .
Having a hobby is more than just a hobby to me , it is so helpful in keeping me in remission .
When you get to be 53 and you have schizophrenia and you are n't homeless or in jail ( not that I have n't been in the past ) you know something about how to manage your illness .
I just wish I could organize my address book and keep better track of my bills .
I 'm trying to pay them on much less than $ 600 a month because I got off HUD .
It 's like the government resents any attempts at a normal life .
Portulaca on May 01 , 2014 :
I do n't know how long its been since I 've written .
This is Portulaca .
My best friend from high school died suddenly .
I cried and cried like normal person .
It felt bad but felt good to react like other people do .
It reminded me that I am a human being too .
She was a beautiful person .
She was genuinely a Christian .
She always had a smile and kind words of encouragement .
Her own mother had mental problems .
So she grew up with her adult sister and her family .
I remember her mother as a nice woman who had bad nerves .
That is what we call mental illness in the South I suppose , or did .
We were supposed to get together this summer .
She was coming to the beach and I was going up there and I thought we'd do something fun like pan for gold and rubies .
Her birthday was the next week .
Her old boyfriend took it hard and I called him on his birthday .
They had just reconnected too .
He was worried that her death may have had something to do with an engagement she broke off with a guy here in NC .
She had heart surgery over a year ago .
Her family had no funeral , cremated her , and posted nothing so far in the newspapers .
So I had false hopes that she may have faked her death or something .
But the police in her city confirmed her death and said they were very familiar with the case , yeah , by then I 'm henny - pennying to everybody !
So I still do n't understand .
I thought everybody got at least 2 lines in the newspaper .
So I went out to the beach to the little mailbox at the end of Holden Beach that you can see from Oak Island and wrote on the notebook they keep there .
She got her obituary in another way .
Another fine Christian man died the same day .
He worked with the food bank here .
He had been my father 's friend and my father died of cancer a couple of years before .
Funny , my daughter and I were sitting on some drift wood at the end of the beach where if you stand and look it seems like you are in a huge round bowl .
We had a couple of drinks from Bojangles and there were 2 seagulls that kept following us on the beach .
If you 've lived at the beach you know they go and hang out at restaurants .
They kept chirping like they recognized the Bojangles logo .
I said to my daughter " Can they read ? ! "
I told the birds they are never around when I have breadcrumbs .
Sure as the world if I take breadcrumbs to the beach they would all be at the dump or Bojangles .
Once Daddy was up the road in Whiteville and some guy recognized him and asked him how the fishing was at the beach .
He said " Well , seeing as you have seagulls 30 miles away at Capt .
D's parking lot , not too good ! "
I just thought that those two birds could have the spirit in them of friends who passed away .
Everywhere on the beach we went , so did they .
They were a particular type with a black head and white body .
I finally asked the birds if they had any skills because they were supposed to know how to catch fish .
I do n't care if people see me talking to birds because I need people to leave me alone .
I always feel like the buzzards are talking to me .
They are tough old birds .
They 'll say " What are YOU looking at ?!
Ca n't you see I am performing a service to the community here ? ! "
( By getting rid of dead animals ) .
Sometimes they just give you the same attitude that other drivers do .
The last buzzard said " Hey you , you Snob ! "
The security guard at the college was watching me I know , so I kept talking to him .
" Hi ! "
Then I asked him if he had seen a huge salamander .
I told him I had taken a picture of the salamander .
He really thought I was sooo crazy and then the lizard came running right over his feet and across the sidewalk !
I went to a plant sale there and they were driving me batty because they kept asking if they could help me and it made me think they thought I was going to steal something .
I explained to them that I know a little about plants and I wanted to see them all .
Do n't you read all the signs that tell what they are or do you go in looking for a pink geranium and pay for it and leave ?
So I went to another one and its the same way .
They hover over you .
This one club calls a maternity plant an alligator plant .
Whatever works for them .
But the babies or tiny round leaves fall off the maternity plant onto the soil to make new plants .
Alligators lay eggs .
But it does kind of look like an alligator .
I would LOVE to take horticulture but that would put me in a classroom setting .
24 years ago I got in a fight with twins who 's family was one of the founders of the college .
One lost her shoe kicking me in the head after I jumped her sister .
I threw it back " Here you are you ugly step - sister ! "
Just reminded me of Cinderella .
Survivor on April 30 , 2014 :
Hi , I have gone through depression , nervous breakdown , schizophrenia , C - PTSD and now only PTSD ( after around 16 years since everything started at age 12 ) .
I must say that it is possible to get out of the illness but with lots of self knowledge , self acceptance and will .
First time I heard the voices I heard them for around 9 months .
I was able to get medication and after I understood they were not real , just a product of imagintion they slowly disappeared .
They came back at 17 but the moment I heard them I ignored them totally .
I simply did n't want to feed them .
I think that is the problem - when you feed them !
They use your own subconscious desires and needs and that 's why you get stuck in them .
I was lucky to be an atheist since childhood so they only took the form of friends .
When I found out they were fake I ignored them forever , and they disappeared .
The problem is when you believe in god or spirits , there they will make you feel special and you wont leave the illness !
After I recovered from 3 years of several mental illnesses I still had to deal with PTSD .
I spent 14 years after that not feeling like a person , but as soon as I recovered from trauma I got back !
And now I 'm getting over PTSD !!
It 's possible !
With lots of work and will power - I did all sorts of things to recover - all sorts of things , REALLY !
Rachael Fields ( author ) from KC , MO on April 29 , 2014 :
@bringthenoise - thanks so much for your story , I appreciate your sharing this piece with me and the rest of my readers .
bringthenoise on April 29 , 2014 :
I have several family members who have schizophrenia .
Each case is / was different .
Some seem to manifest more as bipolar disorder symptoms .
One has limitations with learning in addition to schizophrenia , while 3 others excelled in learning .
Three of them are deceased .
My paranoid brother is obsessed with constant eating and drinking , weighs 500 lbs . and flip flops between saying things that are sexually inappropriate to preaching about Jesus .
He smells bad .
He also believes that helicopters control your bowel movements .
My aunt and my dad seem to lack awareness of their appearance .
Dad wears the same shirt for 2 weeks with food from multiple meals all over it .
He also wreaks of urine .
My sister put the D in dysfunction and self destructive behavior .
She abuses alcohol off and on , likes to pick fights for recreation , and is a psychic and emotional vampire .
My uncle while very sweet , had some bizarre moments of inappropriate laughter that made people quite uncomfortable , to which he seemed oblivious .
He was also known to have periods in his younger days where he was found walking down a road side , confused , and did n't even know his own name .
My grandmother was also very sweet but did things like have all of the furniture removed from the house for no reason , or let her children wander out of the house and down the street naked when they were toddlers .
She would be perfectly dressed with makeup and hair in place , but seem oblivious and unaware of what was happening during an episode .
This was back when electric shock therapy was commonly used , I guess they thought of it as a " hard reset " button for your brain or something .
Rachael Fields ( author ) from KC , MO on March 19 , 2014 :
@ Debbie Ference -
Well put , I 'm sure most people , including myself have not thought about the verbiage people use in referring to people with mental illness .
Thanks for the reminder ! :)
Rachael Fields ( author ) from KC , MO on March 19 , 2014 :
@ Marc -
Thank you Marc for bringing your stories to the table and bringing some hope to the story for Josue ! :)
Debbie Ference on March 17 , 2014 :
When talking about people with mental illness , the guiding principle is to refer to the person first , not the illness .
A behavioral health diagnosis should not be the the primary , defining characteristic of an individual but one aspect of the whole person .
When I hear someone called a " schizophrenic " I just cringe .
They are not " schizophrenic " they are a person who has schizophrenia .
This is recovery language !
You do n't call someone " cancer " you say she / he has cancer .
Marc on March 14 , 2014 :
Josue , I hope you read this and find assurance in my words that you will get help if you stay consistent in the offerings the county does give to us with mental issues .
Sadly , it just takes time in the process , and availability .
Search the resource in the phone book and call them , tell them what you are feeling and thinking in the capacity of your condition , and do n't give up on getting better .
Trust me when I tell you , your citizenship is n't keeping you from wanting them to give you the help you deserve .
You are as important as any American , and you are loved , and deserve to get help and think clearly .
It took me , a paranoid schizophrenic , about 10 trips to the hospital for evaluations before I finally trusted a doctor enough to completely tell him the truth about how I walk the streets all night long , battling the forces of evil communicating with aliens I saw in the sky .
I went from thinking I was Jesus , to God , to the Sun , to Batman .
I ended up homeless , and turned my want of suicide for myself , to completely focusing on being the protector of the world , travelling through time , and all it got me was a family who did n't want to be around me , and a world in which I felt hated me , and at times still do , and I just keep moving forward , slowly getting more in control of what is real .
Problem is , being so paranoid , it is still hard to always take my pills or eat .
I think they are poisoned , or have been switched by someone , but I am getting better , always being lead by a desire and purpose .
To one day not cry from the love I want to share , but no one seems to want .
To trust , and be able to trust , and for my daughter to let me back in her life .
It has been over two years since she has talked to me .
But it must be embarrassing to have a dad who battles fake creatures in the night for the world can be safe .
So , do n't give up on yourself and know you are beautiful to not give up on getting help .
Believe in yourself and fight for a chance to live .
Know you are n't alone , and know it is ok to cry . :) :) :)
Rachael Fields ( author ) from KC , MO on March 01 , 2014 :
Hey Josue ,
I would suggest that you speak to a medical professional .
It would seem to me that you may want to call the police or go to the nearest hospital to request assistance .
Josue on February 26 , 2014 :
I 'm sorry I only came her for a simple question , I just have trouble sticking to one topic because my disorganized thinking and I wonder off .
Bottom line I 'm very miserable , I feel suicidal but I would n't ever hurt myself I just do n't want to exist .
I get no help , no insurance it money because I 'm an immigrant .
I have to wait months to get to talk to a specialist but I need help now .
I 'm by self help keep and spirituality keeps me calm but very reclusive and isolated I 'm just tired I want to seek help but I do n't know if I can get proper help because I 'm not a citizen .
Maybe if u have any information in this issues ?
I have no Bond with my parents they believe it'll just pass n do n't know how to handle it so they just put it aside plus they have severe problems of their own .
please if you no anything of seeking help even tho I have no money or insurance
Josue on February 26 , 2014 :
Hello , I suffer from self diagnosed schizophrenia , seems like I 've always had , I 've always had very strange peculiar thoughts and behaviors .
But now its consuming me and I 'm experiencing major depression and extreme reclusiveness / isolation .
I live in fear .
Thanks for the your awareness , I read stories about schizophrenia .. mainly tragic ones ... and I become very traumatized I sometimes fear if I would ever hurt someone it just go crazy .
I have paranoid and obsessive delusion , I can get mad because I think Imma loose control , once I felt irritated and began thinking if I was gonna become a serial killer because I read that serial killers felt no emotions and at the time I was numb .
I 'm not violent , I have strong control of my actions and behaviors because I 'm very introspective and obsessively aware of my emotions and rational thinking .
Spiritual helps me a lot tho sometime I go delusional and I believe I have the potential to become a spiritual leader as Buddha or Jesus .
I have many other delusion of me being a genius and have haunting paranoid ideas about the universe how it works , the meaning of life or how nothing is good it bad , it just is .
shethinks 'ofhim on February 21 , 2014 :
Were do i begain ?!
I have been seeing a guy who 's 24 off and on for 4 years now .
He is a very shy , stand in the back , away from people , type of guy .
I noticed the anxiety in his demeanor , the panicked look in his face from time to time right away .
Sometimes at nite when we would sleep .. all hours of the nite whether it was 1 am 3 am or even 5 am , Id wake up to find him just staring at the wall , clock , etc .
I questioned his ways with several of his family members and they would say that was just him .
Well just within the last 8 months the ugly truth reveled its self .
From experts at Three different mental health facilities have diagnosed him with being a sever paranoid schizophrenic .
It started with him doing some weird thing for example .. he came into the house and started cleaning out ALL of the food cabneits in the kitchen .
Sayin that the food was bad it was poisoned and that we had to get it all out of the house or THE lITTLE GIRL was going to get us .
Then he threw all of my daughters toys out in the front yard sayin alk kinds of stuff under his breath !
It scared me so I called his brother to come get him in which he took him to the hospital .
Well around were we stay it gets very hot during the summer and so we were havin blackouts due to power surges .
So the local hospital gave him some meds to calm him and sent him home !!!
Why I do n't know !!!
But when he got home he was calm thru the nite , sleeping mostly , but when the early morning came he was up with the light .
He started acting out of this world .. litterly !
He swiped the kitchen cabinets .
Refridgearator , dishes everything onto the kitchen floor .
Striping his clothes saying the little girl was their she was going to get him .
The world was ending ... he pulled me in a head lock and drug me to the kitchen sink were he threw water .
Large amounts of water in my face sayin he was goin to clense me of all evil and everything was fine .
He then made us strip all of our clothes because as ling as we had them on they could get us ... well we took him back to the hospital were they then had him committed for 2 weeks ..
We have came a long way since then but with the rite meds you can barely tell a difference in him now .
He has been hospitalized once since this all begain .
That 's only because he feels when he takes his meds for a while he 's cured so he refuses to take it and then he slips back into his ways .
The therapist who sees him once a week says that 's typical in most schizophrenics because they are looking for that normal again .
He will never be back to his normal self again and threw the rest of his life he will have many slips .
but with the love and support from the rite people he can live almost a normal life .
I love this man and I especially now could not see me walking out of his life .
Andrienne on February 20 , 2014 :
Oh my god .
I have never heard nothing like this ( I 'm 12 ) and what caused me to search this was cuz I have a girl in my class .
She has a reaaaally strange attitude .
She would sometimes kiss her hands and cry for no damn reason , and sometimes call me James or jake , it 's really weird BUT she 's nice and gentle , she does not look normal and she would bang her head on the wall and some classmates make fun of her , and write her disturbing messages , I remember one ; it 's said ( satan will kill u or watever anyways I hope u tell me more of this cuz I think she 's way young to suffer this much :(
Andrienne on February 20 , 2014 :
Oh my god .
I have never heard nothing like this ( I 'm 12 ) and what caused me to search this was cuz I have a girl in my class .
She has a reaaaally strange attitude .
She would sometimes kiss her hands and cry for no damn reason , and sometimes call me James or jake , it 's really weird BUT she 's nice and gentle , she does not look normal and she would bang her head on the wall and some classmates make fun of her , and write her disturbing messages , I remember one ; it 's said ( satan will kill u or watever anyways I hope u tell me more of this cuz I think she 's way young to suffer this much :(
April Garner from Austin , Texas on February 18 , 2014 :
After reading this hub and all the comments , I am at a loss for words .
So many people suffer from some sort of mental illness , from depression all the way to serious schizophrenia .
Mental illness , whether mild or more severe , has such a stigma in our society that many people are loathe to seek help through therapy or medication , lest they seem weak .
Living with this kind of illness , however , takes a lot of strength , as their brains do not function the same was as non-sufferers .
Thank you for writing this hub and putting a human face on schizophrenia .
I am amazed at the outpouring of personal stories in the comments .
You seem to have touched a lot of people .
Cindy W. on February 16 , 2014 :
Thanks for the information .
My mom 's half sister was schizophrenic , she was I 'll for many years before they found a medication that finally worked for her .
She was back to her normal self and it was so wonderful to see her well .
I use to call and talk with her everyday and it was so great .
She had two daughter 's that she hardly even knew .
Sadly my uncle and her and her children were out driving one day when my uncle saw her slump over , she had stopped breathing .
There was a fire station near by so he took her there trying to get help for her .
She was rushed to the hospital .
Unfortunately they found she had no brain activity .
She was on life support , and by the fourth day they found a piece of chewing gum when they moved her breathing tube to the other side of her mouth .
We believe she had some how choked on the gum .
To this day we still believe that someone in the hospital had unplugged her breathing machine to allow her to go home to God .
My uncle wanted to bring her home and keep her on life support at home .
Of course Dr's and nurses advised against it .
She passed away after my mom flew into town , my mom was able to see her as were her other sisters .
That night long after my mom came back to my house we received word that she had passed away during the night .
It 's been 34 years since passed away , she 's still missed by all of us .
When she was at her worst she was sometimes violent .
One of her daughters now has the same thing it 's so sad !!
On a side note : For 16 years I worked as a correctional officer at a federal prison .
What 's sad now days are that many mentally I 'll people are ending going to prison .
Our system has made it difficult at best to get mentally ill people the help that they need , so what 's happening to them is horrible .
Most become homeless and end up either going to prison , death by cop or they commit suicide .
We have a neighbor who is bipolar , she 's hearing voices .
Often she is on a rampage , where she is screaming and yelling , threatening to burn down her ex husbands house .
He moved her in with him .
Not long ago she drove her huge van all the way up on to the side walk , so it was length wise on the side walk .
Thank God no one was walking in that area or they would gave been killed .
She then went out and was laying down in the middle of our really busy street .
People were having to drive around her and were beeping their hornsat her .
She laid down in the middle of our street like 3 - 4 different times .
Seven of us called 911 the police showed up and they took her away .
Yeah she was back home the next day by noon .
Even though she had done all of that and even managed to kick a cop in the stomach .
Her ex husband moved her in with him , but he is now living on a boat that he has so she is alone most of the time .
I think she is going to seriously hurt someone or kill someone one of these days .
I think she is either going to end up in prison or it will be death by cop .
She once asked a cop if she could borrow his gun so she could shoot her self .
The problem is that if these people do n't think they have a problem they are n't going to take their meds .
And when they act out and are taken in and asked are you thinking of hurting your self or anyone else they say no and are released .
Just because they have a mental illness it does n't mean they are stupid .
When I worked at the prison I have often worked around people who would smear their face with fecal matter .
Or eat toilet paper after they had soaked up their own urine with it .
It 's horrible to see mentally ill people getting put into prison where they are n't getting the proper treatment that they need .
The ex husband before he moved placed another person in the other half of his duplex .
The woman 's son has mental illness .
It 's gotten to he way more than I can deal with so I 'm thinking of selling my duplex .
I have a medical condition and I 'm supposed to avoid stress .
I had to medically retire due to my medical condition .
Both my daughter and I have become very stressed out .
Even my daughter 's dog is stressed out from the ex wife .
We believe the woman was pulling fruits off the cactus next to our fence and had been throwing at my daughter 's dog .
We know the dog did n't pull any off since we had taken any off that the dog would have been able to reach .
And none of theses were ripe , so you had to twist them to get them off .
We found them in the middle of my daughter 's yard .
Her dog now growls when ever she hears the woman voice or if she hears her car pull up if she us sleeping she wakes up and growls .
I think the poor dog has PTSD .
Were beside our selves as to what we can do so moving may be our only choice .
I feel sad to think I will have to move out if my home that I 've lived in for 30 years .
The ex husband is no help to her and he enables his ex .
He does n't try to encourage her yo he on her medication .
Rachael Fields ( author ) from KC , MO on February 10 , 2014 :
@charlonda - thanks for your comments and thoughts .
I appreciate you sharing your story .
charlonda on February 10 , 2014 :
Last year my sister killed her 2 year old son and then slit her throat she was diagnosed and never told us I saw that she was acting weird and she pushed me away thinking I was against her .
I hate the fact that I did n't know she was ill and had no education on the desease but today i understand the illness .
I lost everything due to this horrible sckizaphrenia and I just want to give my blessings to everyone and to let you all know that GOD IS REAL AND HE LOVES YOU ALL its satin who is attacking you and he hates u he will do absolutely anything to hear u call GOD a lier just think about it I believe people who get this type of illness was an extreme threat to satin and would probably have been more obedient than others I 'm not the smartest person in the world but I 'm definitely not the dumbest y would he attack the mind to create evil thoughts and attacks on innocent children its because he is the devil and its what he does BUT GOD hold on GOD will not forsake us and remember there 's a lot of things in the bible that sounds unbelievable but the word of GOD IS TRUE
Gareth on February 05 , 2014 :
While the intention of this article is good , why are the facts never brought to the table ?
Why does not anyone ever show links to the the toxcitity of the anti-psychotics ?
Why not show people that once you entertain a psychiatrist , they 'll entertain for the rest of your life ( not in a good way either ? )
Rachael Fields ( author ) from KC , MO on January 29 , 2014 :
Thanks @grand old lady , I 'm glad you liked the article !
Mona Sabalones Gonzalez from Philippines on January 29 , 2014 :
Thank you for your article .
It was very informative , truthful and helpful .
I know someone with schizophrenia , who is one of the gentlest people ever .
This article was voted up and all else .
Rachael Fields ( author ) from KC , MO on January 28 , 2014 :
Thanks Faith !
I appreciate your reading and your kind words ! :)
Faith Sellers on January 28 , 2014 :
This was a great article !
I enjoyed reading it !
Nadia on November 29 , 2013 :
After 5 months of a loving , happy relationship with my boyfriend , I found out he was a schizophrenic when he had a relapse .
I saw it coming when we started to have fights , he started getting paranoid thinking I was cheating on him and then went on with ignoring all my calls and my messages .
He had to be hospitalized ( he is still there after 3 weeks ) .
I cannot go see him anymore because his mother is overprotective of him and has threatened to have me arrested for " harassing her sick child " .
My bf is 26 yrs old .
I have been reading a lot about the illness and hope that one day we will be together .
He had a relapse because I think he stopped taking his meds when he met me .
I guess he just did n't want to be sick anymore .
I am slightly afraid of the future , but despite people telling me to give him up , I still love him and finding out that he is a schizophrenic does not push me away .
I love him loads and I want to be with him , give him the support he needs and take care of him when he needs it .
His illness does n't change how I feel about him , I hope he will come back to me when he is better .
Kathleen baker51 on November 21 , 2013 :
Dear Anthony , my son has just been arrested for stabbing a man because he thpught the guy was the devil and was going to kill him I need a We dont have the money for an attorney what do we do ?
Please help Kathy
Portulaca on October 31 , 2013 :
Daily Doll , I wonder if I do that .
There have been times that I look back and think that maybe I 've talked to people who were n't there .
It is really hard to tell because they looked real .
Whenever I am in a hospital there 's the same nurse who comes in and bothers me .
Now that I think about it she never changes .
Kind of like John Nash 's imaginary friends who never aged .
You might want to see the movie " A Beautiful Mind . "
I told the male nurse one time that what I fear most is having her bother me when I am old and on my deathbed .
I told him I am going to reach out and smack her .
She has brown short hair with bangs and those old army regulation glasses .
Maybe I 'll start shaking people 's hands when in doubt .
I 've talked to doctors and then have the real one come in afterwards .
I think .
I 've had a whole cast of characters in my head and some of them can sing better than I can .
Its been years since that has happened .
It has actually surprised me .
I left messages on my friend 's answering machine in different voices .
I 've tried to reassure myself that I am just trying to be entertaining .
( When Lily Tomlin does it , its called that ; entertaining ) .
If your sister likes to write or draw or paint or knit or sew that should be encouraged .
Portulaca on October 30 , 2013 :
I just wanted to say thank you for this site .
Plus , I want to tell you that if you have been diagnosed with schizophrenia , do n't give up .
You are not alone .
I will be honest with you .
If you do n't come from a rich family , you are probably not going to find a good shrink .
My medical doctor did the best thing for me .
He put me on medication .
One time I got sent to one of those " behavioral services " well 2 times and they are quacks so beware of them .
I swear the doctor used to work at the gas station .
He got his degree in another country that apparently does n't have libraries .
I think somebody is going to hurt him one day for being stupid .
I really do .
Your medical doctor is the one you need to trust .
If the medicine does n't make you feel better after a couple of weeks , ask him or her for another type .
If you do n't like being around people make it clear to your relatives that you are not like them , that your illness has to be managed .
Crowds bother me but my mother is like a social butterfly and it took quite a while for her to understand that I knew what was best for me as far as not being a people person .
God knows I love people but from a distance !
If you hear negative things in your head , stand up to them just like you would any bully .
You need to surround yourself with things you like , especially your hobbies .
It is very important that you take good care of yourself first .
You will be tempted to try to do to much to help other people .
You can tell if your friends take up too much of your time or are using you like borrowing your things , etc .
It is okay to drop them .
Just do n't hit anybody .
Remove yourself from situations where you will be tempted to hit someone .
Do n't worry so much about the world 's problems .
If someone asks you to babysit tell them " No , I am insane ! " I wish I had done that .
I had to babysit one time to make money because my husband stole my disability money .
We did fine but I do n't want to do it again .
And do n't try to get ahead .
My mother wanted me to live next door because I was on HUD and had possums in my kitchen drawers .
So SSI cut me back $ 200 a month so I get about $ 545 and $ 45 foodstamps .
One of my children is in college .
I 'm over 52 and I do n't think I can work in stores again because people are there and I hurt someone once with a shopping cart but not on - duty .
The nearest resort is maybe 25 miles or so away and they cheat the maids on their pay when they switch from per villa to per hour back and forth whatever is less on your paycheck .
I could have gone totally beserk there .
It is n't that I do n't want to work .
I want to get paid for my work but this is the South .
It really made me dislike the place plus there are alligators in the ponds there .
Drunk golfers and no more free ice tea from the management .
Then at tax time they tell you that you are an independent contractor after they already took out for your taxes .
BS like that .
I hate being around drunks .
I mean I despise it .
If I was totally sane and had 20 /20 vision I would join the highway patrol just to lock up drunk drivers .
Do n't be a drunk driver .
It is okay to have a couple of beers in your own home but do n't make it a habit cause its a bad one .
Drunk people think they can sing and their jokes are funny and they are so brave and its okay for them to say smart ass things to people .
They claim they work hard and play hard .
What they do is sit in a truck and drive up and down the street until they get to some fast food place where they can get coffee and a sausage and egg biscuit .
Then they piddle til lunch time .
Being schizophrenic is a hard enough job within itself .
I had to switch my summer and winter clothes around and I do n't know why I have several t- shirts the same color but its like I am going to die if I can't keep them all because I paint a lot .
I just want to squeeze into my closet and cry because it is hard to finish anything .
I got lost in a villa I was cleaning and I lost time and then they add stuff like you have to vaccuum outside and count silverware on a check - out check - in and some guy calls to complain there are leaves on his carpet AFTER the maid vaccuumed it .
Bastard .
Portulaca on October 30 , 2013 :
One thing I 've noticed is that I have a Beautiful Mind .
Kind of like John Nash but not at math , at art and creativity .
I think a lot of people have stolen my ideas .
I hear songs and I feel like I wrote the lyrics , so much that I want to sue .
But I do n't because I can't prove it .
I saw a particular line of toys in the toy dept .
and I thought the creator of the line must have stolen my idea .
I let another student turn in my project in advertising class many years ago .
Then I took the exam but missed the last day of class because I was having problems with a friend because she was a drug addict and a tramp .
Also the teacher did n't like my political views .
So I think that is why I got an incomplete .
Bothers me to this day .
I was one of the best in the class .
The worst thing is this : I was told once on the phone very rudely :
My friend is a schizophrenic and schizophrenics never finish anything .
I do have problems finishing things .
I wish someone would buy my decorated canning jars at the Bible Baptist Church 's Thrift Store at Holden Beach just before you get to the intersection .
Holden Beach is in NC .
They are only like a dollar and the jar is worth more than that without the decorations which are pretty .
Well , I did finish decorating most of them .
And I did make some dolls out of dishwashing liquid bottles .
I painted some pots years ago and they were beautiful but I had them outside .
One night it got cold and started raining .
I opened the door and they said " pop ! "
Then " pop...pop . "
So do n't leave clay pots out in the winter .
I have pictures of them .
Fooled them huh ?
Lately , I have been worried about LE because they are normal people and I am afraid that without me they can't solve their cases .
I think they need creative people to think of things they may not have thought of .
I get especially depressed when it comes to missing people especially children .
I guess because of all the years my children were kept from me .
I was a good mother but I thought JFK 's conspirators were after me .
What made it worse is that I did n't know my grandfather but his last name was the same as a man who was a mercenary .
And they looked similar but the age turned out to be different .
Maybe that is how it started .
There is usually a colonel of truth to what schizophrenics have going on in our heads .
Sometimes its years later before we figure it out .
I 'm on medication and the medicine is giving me dreams of the things I 've forgotten when I was a teen - ager and intoxicated .
I remember going with my boyfriend to pick up his check at work !
That 's nice .
I wanted to marry him but I was rejected .
I read that he died in 2003 .
He was my boyfriend in the late 70's .
Actually being ill makes it easier to move on .
But from time to time the memories come back .
When I read on the internet that he had died , it finally got to me that we were never going to have children together with red hair .
No way , no how .
If I am up in the Piedmont in that area where the country is really green and the wind is blowing into the car , for seconds I will feel young again .
Thankfully , this fall I am not there to remember the little yellow wildflowers on the road as we would drive by this time of year ... when its his birthday .
He had no idea how much he was loved .
But he let me go and he became a smaller part of my life .
dailydoll on October 29 , 2013 :
Thank you for such useful information about schizophrenia .
Today I visited my sister in the hospital who recently was diagnosed with schizophrenia , she 's 31 .
I knew something was odd about her behavior for months now , but today was the first time I saw her speaking to non existing people and me like we were all in a conversation .
I broke down when I left .
I 'm trying to learn and understand her condition so I can be the best sister I can for her .
Grace on October 08 , 2013 :
Thank you for your warning about the content of television and media portrayal of schizophrenics .
They make us out to look like insane violent criminals and that is so far from the truth it hurts .
I am a gentle schizophrenic .
I am like any other person .
I of course have imagined what it would be like to get a gun and shoot my rapist , but I would never act upon it .
I was just hurt and angry and had fantasies of justice .
As you mentioned ..... we are more afraid of other people than they should be of us .
We like to keep to ourselves and stay close to family members we remember best from before our breakdowns .
Post breakdown relationships are very hard to establish and are not very desired .
We prefer familiarity to adventures in meeting new people .
Rachael Fields ( author ) from KC , MO on September 05 , 2013 :
Hi , James -
In my experience , most people who suffer from this condition are usually harmless when medicated .
It was wrong of him not disclose his condition to you and it's not good form in a roommate to to act as he has been .
On the basis of bad roommate material , I see no harm in asking him to leave .
However , I hope this is n't for discriminatory reasons due to his condition .
I know that people fear what they do n't know or understand .
Have you or your other roommates spoken to him about these concerns ?
Perhaps aired out the issues in an attempt to stay friends and work things out ?
I would suggest doing that .
To answer your question , I do n't know that you should be scared of him , unless he has proven to give you some reason to be scared .
Has he been violent ?
Does he threaten bodily harm ?
Is it doing dangerous things or being destructive ?
I would not be scared of him just because of a condition that he suffers from and has no control over .
As adults , I suggest that if he's not displaying signs of worrying behavior in connection with his disease and he's not threatening or having harmed anyone or anything , sit down and have a conversation .
If he has displayed violent tendencies or outbursts , perhaps seek out the help of a medical professional and if you feel unsafe , seek out your local police if you feel the cause warrants it .
James on September 04 , 2013 :
I need some advice - one of my roommates told my other roommate he suffers from paranoid schizophrenia .
He did n't tell the lease - owner that upon him moving in , and we 're all really upset about that .
He told the lease - owner before that he suffers from ' anxiety ' but does n't take pills for it .
He told my other roommate he told the lease - owner he had paranoid schizophrenia ... he did n't , at all , whatsoever .
His lies recently have been adding up - minuscule , white lies , which to an average person mean nothing .
However , because he 's telling so many and they do n't add up " oh so and so said this or did n't tell me this " when we have proof that so and so DID or DIDN'T !
( " I did n't wanna take any showers because I thought we had to pay for water " )
( Water was paid for by the owners of the house , and that was explained to him probably 3 times before showering was even an issue . )
Also why do they not like showering ??
This seems to be a more common thing the more I read up on this .
Also , did I mention he 's not showering or cleaning the dishes ?
So bad roommate right there , really , I mean he pays rent and keeps to himself , but he does n't work as a team player ( which in this household is an issue ) .
Did I also mention he 's unmedicated ?
And has multiple , multiple weapons ?
( Swords , gun THAT IS NOT ALLOWED IN THE APARTMENT . )
This is really , really scary .
We can't tell a grown adult that he needs to be on medication or see a psychiatrist .
We 're 18 - 25 year olds .
That 's not our place .
That 's his parents place , who also did n't tell us that he had it .
Now , we put a letter on the door explaining that he is evicted in 30 days .
This was a group decision .
Basically , should we be terrified ?
He also put a lock on his door and was extremely insistent upon that .
He 's also very insistent upon giving us gifts and gets mad when we simply do n't accept them .
I 'm tempted to call the police , but as he has n't acted yet , what can I really do ?
I still want to remain friends , but we have all felt so uncomfortable in this place due to him .
He does n't trust us and therefore we can't trust him .
We are very sympathetic to his situation , I 'm trying to understand it , but we all just feel so unsafe .
In the place we sleep , which is what he 's experiencing , so honestly we feel bad ...
But with the lies , him not trusting and being disrespectful , over - all not being a great roommate , and knowing the weapons and un-medicated ....
Scared .
We 're all guys but , still ..
Rachael Fields ( author ) from KC , MO on September 03 , 2013 :
Hi suzie7 , I 'm sorry you are having such a rough time with your daughter .
It sounds like you may need to get her diagnosed by a doctor so that you can get her some medication .
From what I understand , medication can do wonders for these people affected .
Hang in there and hope things get better for you !
suzie7 on September 01 , 2013 :
My daughter says I 'm evil a liar and I want people to hurt her .
She has not been dignosed .
But a lot of symptoms seem to be schizophrenia and bi polar .
She also has a very very bad temper .
Rachael Fields ( author ) from KC , MO on August 30 , 2013 :
Hi Anthony ,
Thanks for reading and taking the time to comment .
I do n't have an answer for you because if your brother is not hurting himself or others - he should be with family and close with those who love him .
I 'm sure it can be frustrating , but it can also be very sad for your brother to feel unwanted because of a disease he cannot control .
Anthony on August 30 , 2013 :
I have an older brother with paranoid schizophrenia and he has been evaluated more than 3 times .
The longest they kept him in an institution was 3 weeks because he did n't want to be there anymore .
He does not want to take medication and he is back at our house .
It is uncomfortable and frustrating .
Is there any kind of way to keep him in an institution where he would get help ?
We are not exactly waiting for him to harm someone or himself .
I really hate how that law was created .
Sean on April 30 , 2013 :
If a primitive monkey is placed in front of a mirror , it sees another monkey , rather than see a reflected image of itself .
If a chimpanzee is placed in front of a mirror , it sees a reflected image of itself , rather than see another chimpanzee .
If the primitive monkey could speak to the chimpanzee , it would refer to the chimpanzee as a delusional lunatic that is speaking of some insane act of seeing oneself in a mirror , when in actual fact there is no mirror , but there clearly is a second chimpanzee .
If the majority were primitive monkeys and the minority were chimpanzees , the one which is more evolved would be regarded as being delusional .
Thus if a minority of humans took the next step in evolution , they may be able to hear and see things that which the majority can not .
This minority which is more evolved would then be regarded as being delusional , since the intellect of today is still so primitive that it thinks that its majority " Belief " equals " Truth " .
Thus if a person claimed to be being informed , via voices , that there is proof of the existance of God , and that this proof is found encoded within the Bible , if this proof is then presented to the majority , it is totally ignored by the majority .
It is rejected before even having been inspected .
Thus the majority still sees no need of the use of intelligence .
To see this encoded proof , go to
http://www.outersecrets.com/real/biblecode2a.htm
Then click on the flashing words " Watch / Listen " , and let the webpage take you on a webpage tour of such proof .
Rachael Fields ( author ) from KC , MO on April 06 , 2013 :
@ Portulaca and Sol - thanks so much for sharing your experiences .
I love hearing all the different stories and ways that Schizophrenia has affected people and their family members .
You are certainly not alone , and I commend your bravery for standing up and telling your story !
Sol smith on March 28 , 2013 :
I am diagnosed with schizophrenia have had it for sometime I 'm 25 and had it about late 18 or early 19 ...
I was really going thru it for a while , I mean jail , weird nutty stuff like talking bout Jesus and the devil giving to shots about physical apperance and I have a lot of information about far more worst things , as do a lot of people I know ha but nothing tht was physically harmful .
Actually I am very thankful for schizophrenia ...
It changed my life and put it in perspective not taking the power to think clear for one but soooo many other things as well , I use to live so reckless and mean but after that path I went thru with schizo I am a brand new person ...
Humble , peaceful , considerate and a lot of people would say I 'm not logical at times until they give me a chance to explain in full my reasoning then I 'm considered but what 's really having wear and tear on me is the job situation ...
Since I 've recovered from my chaos I 've gotten my GED and completed a welding course all in about two years even worked ups seasonal but other than that no one wants to hire me and I want to work I do n't want Ssi anymore but even with education and determination , discipline or no matter how dedicated it is not working for me .
So being that schizo has changed me it also ruined me because the 4 to 5 years I wa sick put me at a major setback so now I live in my step fathers basement with no job or car and food stamps and Ssi , sort of a gift and curse thing ...
Another thing is I find it a little strange that majority schizos mention Jesus and the devil somewhere thru the madness ...
Jus a thought
Portulaca on January 29 , 2013 :
Professor Robert Cutler , who wrote the Grassy Knoll Gazette once told me that there was no such thing as mental illness because my my mind was doing what it had to do to survive .
And I laughed and thought " Well that means we are both crazy .
And I had a gynocologist tell me that being schizophrenic did not mean that I was crazy and I disagreed .
They seemed to both think that I would understand one day .
Well , I do now .
I was walking around Ft. Ord thinking that I had a listening device in my ear .
I almost hurt myself trying to remove it with tweezers .
That seems so crazy .
But then you 'd think if someone felt they were in danger of being shot , why would any rational , normal person leave them at night outside the hospital with a civilian officer for quite some time ?
There was a logical explanation for a lot of what I was experiencing .
But no one would help me .
Ask yourself why my first husband was the " normal " one and he chased me with a spray can and lighter ?
Footnote : during a tubaligation my doctor discovered that I had no appendix or scar from an appendectomy .
My appendix may have burst during my accident .
It is so frustrating .
I have memories of a lady calling me about an insurance matter .
She said their insurance did n't cover what happened .
She explained to me that I had an accident in the water .
I could only remember that I had been to Disneyland and she said Disneyland would n't have called me .
When she said the Glory Hole ( at Lake Berryessa ) I could only think of Old Glory and is n't that in Montana or Wyoming .
She made some smart comment about how I would have burned up there .
And then I 'd answer the phone and hear a woman 's voice :
How are you sleeping at night ?!
I took it to sound very accusitory .
What position do you sleep in ?
So I got specific about sleeping on my side ... Is that the only way to deal with me ?
They can't come to my house and treat me like a human being and talk about the matter ?
Didn't I need professional help if I had amnesia after an accident ?
I think they named it the Glory Hole and Putah something to try to keep people embarrassed to talk about any accidents occurring there .
I 'm so angry .
Maybe I would n't have lost 2 of my children .
My ex was able to take them overseas .
I knew his family had millions of dollars .
I thought at least they 'll be safe from all these people who are calling me and the Army is doing nothing to help us .
Plus Joe did have a problem with the General and Joe won .
No , I have been schizophrenic or schizotyapl whatever since childhood .
These people that destroyed my family and separated children from their mother deserve to be exposed and punished .
George Hodel could buy a star but he is in outer darkness .
It would be easier to forgive if someone would step forward like a decent human being and tell the truth .
Oh , I 'm the one they laughed at for being immortal , for surviving .
I was n't a human being to them .
So be it !
Rachael Fields ( author ) from KC , MO on January 29 , 2013 :
Everyone has been so brave to share their stories with me and the rest of the community !
I really enjoy reading about each of you and your personal battles , whether it be yourself or a family member .
Unfortunately , I am not a therapist and would not feel comfortable giving advice to you , but your stories have all touched my heart and I am so glad to have had a small piece of your life shared with me !
Portulaca on January 27 , 2013 :
Hi , this is Portulaca again .
Actually my name is Margene Morrison and it used to be Camacho .
I 'm one of the schizophrenics that does n't totally live life in the closet .
When I got the diagnosis I also got the bad news that I could n't count on staying in the hospital because the government now recognized the " rights " of the mentally ill .
I recognized that as a load of crap .
That means that the government does n't want to spend money when it can get away with not spending it .
I 'm crazy but I 'm not stupid .
But if I rail against the government then it makes me look like I am so sick .
A huge part of what you 'll go through as a schizophrenic person is the stigma and the lack of help .
If you react to anything , any injustice , or even if you disagree with a relative , they can use your illness against you .
But I said the hell with it .
I 'm going to take this diagnosis and use it to help other people like me .
Its not some spiritual flaw some problem of my " mind " some personal flaw that is my fault .
The mind is not an actual organ .
My brain is not functioning as well as some people 's livers or hearts or gall bladders , etc .
If it were dementia or alzheimers , etc .
I 'd be a little more socially acceptable .
And you have to look out for yourself .
People in your family may think they know what 's best for you .
It was n't that good for me to help in the kitchen at church and also teach Sunday School and help with Children 's Church .
I did fine .
I am a mother of 5 and a grandmother of 6 .
But when people come into the kitchen and try to boss me around and make me look like a fool ... That was it .
And having schizophrenia does n't mean that you are ALWAYS imagining people are being mean to you .
Do you think that maybe some old bat that works in a nice department store might be a little jealous of a 38 DD woman ?
A normal person has never said something rude to a stranger : like " You should have thought about how your dress size would change after you had implants . "
Well , I do n't have implants but I 've had some hateful comments .
You can't say its because I have schizophrenia .
You can't say that was my imagination .
But you and I have to walk a tightrope through life even on our best days .
Our thinking patterns are different .
I am lucky .
I believe I have been a schizophrenic since childhood .
I did n't act up because I would have gotten torn up .
But it would come out in subtle ways .
At a dance recital at age 4 I would turn away from the audience and do tap while they faced the crowd and did ballet .
The other Brownies would tell me there was no Santa Claus and I had already reasoned that the sleigh was really a car in disguise because I could almost see how it would come down our road .
I 'd get picked on but it did n't take but 12 years before I was a brawler even a teacher might not want to recon with .
And I kept good grades .
I got kicked out of the gifted class and I knew myself I could n't do math past a certain point .
I was scheduled to attend some art class in Raleigh but I got kicked out of high school in March before graduation .
I made the front page of the local newspaper : Honor Student remains expelled .
Driving was a problem .
Its a long story but I was 29 when I got my driver 's license .
I 'm 52 now .
I read that so many of you have had schizophrenic mothers and I hope my children do n't feel resentment toward me .
I really was as good as I could be .
I tried to put my children first .
I 've had 2 abusive husbands that took my children .
They did n't have any legal papers but they probably would have killed me .
And its hard to prove your husband is abusive when you have the schziophrenic label .
I did n't want my children to see me or my husband get killed .
My first husband was in the Army and he worked me like a slave .
I tried so hard to please him to keep him from being verbally and physically abusive .
There is no sense in trying to make sense of an unreasonable man .
With the second husband my daughter and I would move back and forth .
We would stay as long as we could because of my son .
When it got bad we'd leave and gather strength and go back for my youngest son he would n't even let go to McDonald 's in the next town with us .
One time I tried to get help from Legal Aid after he pulled the phone out of the wall and came after me with a two by four .
He turned it all around in his favor when he told the judge I was a diagnosed schizophreinic .
Oh , the judge in Gastonia , NC was so afraid of what I MIGHT do .
It was perfectly alright he was a major felon .
By the way they are going to be making some of those felons records smoothed over here in NC .
So he will have even more rights than me .
We did n't even get to the custody part , we were still in the domestic violence court .
Legal
Aid treated me like they saw a waterbug .
My son is 16 now and I can either send him some money or go see him and since his father is living with his mother , I send my son money .
My car is n't running well enough to drive 300 miles and back .
Once when we were together we had Christmas with his uncle and his uncle 's wife .
That 's an aunt .
Not blood related to him I am reminded later .
She was later living with my husband and overseeing the visit I had with my son .
How demeaning !
I mean they were living as boyfriend and girlfriend .
So for the short time they were together , my son was almost the step - brother of his cousin .
Before her it was the ex-wife of the same uncle .
Next it would be the step - niece .
I could n't fight with her because I was already in trouble because I got in a fight with some stripper at Wal - mart whose boyfriends were high on drugs .
I got the chit end of that deal too .
Even a deer hit the police car I was riding in .
I wonder how many of you have had brain injuries and sat in jail waiting to die of them !
Once I was in DSS 6 against 1 and hit my head on the floor and the cop tried to call me a drug addict and I knocked the hell out of him .
They sent me to jail Dec. 1995 with a massive brain injury and no medical care whatsoever .
And then when you try to get medical help later on there 's the stigma of having been in jail .
I think we need medical tags like the people who are diabetic .
Right now the government wants to sign some gun bills and still say the hell with the Mentally Ill and if we protest it is always protesting too much because we have the label .
So naturally people get worse when they are treated badly and not afforded any resources .
Portulaca on January 26 , 2013 :
I want to tell you my story .
It seems real .
I 'm 52 now and for many years I 've had nightmares about canals and caves with water .
I try to think of logical explanations .
I almost drowned off Wrightsville Beach at age 18 .
Someone may have dived right on me at the pool at Ft. Ord but I do n't know .
I 've enjoyed Sliding Rock in the NC mountains .
I may try Turtleback Rock .
I have nice dreams of being in the water with a huge rock .
I grew up near Mountain Island Lake in NC .
Anyway a few years ago in Salisbury , NC my young cousin fell into an auger and was blinded .
We were afraid he was n't going to live .
I began to feel a sensation like an intense flashback .
I felt churned around and around and around like a fish in a blender .
That was over 5 years ago .
I kept having the canal nightmares .
Then recently I have had the second part of my flashbacks .
After I 'm churned around and around in the water , I hit my head so hard I think that 's it , my head will burst open and I am going to be dead .
Well , it quit hurting and then I was shot through the water like a rocket .
Then I 'm beginning to come up for air with that awful feeling of water up in my nose and nasal passage , and then I 'm back in the water but there 's less water and its scraping me along .
I stand up .
A man and his son ask me where I came from because they did n't see me come in the big tunnel .
I said " NC ! "
That 's all I knew .
The man said " We came from Tennessee but not like that ! "
Then I was on a hill and they showed me a mirror because I thought I was 14 and back at the " Bull Hole " which was a swimming pond with a big mound of sand in Davie County NC people went to in the 70s .
It was a very backwoods place .
I gave them the name " Lee Ann " but it was n't my name but its the one I thought to give myself .
I was clearly in my late 20's and the only thing I could remember was my address .
See I had written then and over the years many , many letters and even gone to the FBI .
Someone had been threatening me and my children while my first husband was away and we lived at Ft. Ord .
I called the police and was put in a mental hospital but it did n't stop the calls .
Another Army wife told me she heard the Zodiac killer was back in San Fransico the year after the calls started .
I reminded him the school buses do n't run on Saturdays .
Dr. George Hill Hodel moved from Hond Kong to San Francisco .
My husband won out in a dispute with our General and also his family leased their land to a Japanese Company making them rich and they did n't want me because I was from NC .
I was different to start with .
We have trouble taking crap .
One of his uncles was a hood who traveled to Hong Kong from the Northern Mariana Islands and the lawyers were in San Francisco .
The man who called me was trying to impress me and I thought of the song " Sympathy for the Devil " and that is what you 'll think of after you read " Most Evil " by Steve Hodel .
Anyway the strangers at Lake Berryessa sure do n't want the cops to ask questions about a nearly drowned woman found in the big pipe .
" Lake Berry - essa , what a pretty name .
This looks like the Bull Hole " " Well , its not , its the Glory Hole ! "
I said my address : 173 Bataan Rd. , Fort Ord , CA 93941 and they said they were n't planning on mailing me home but that was good I remembered my address .
I remember standing in my yard in the sun with the scrap marks feeling confused .
I remember some men in a van telling my husband they had something to tell him about his wife and it was n't her fault .
He was cruel anyway but what he said wounded me for a long time .
" You should n't have lived through that .
People that kill themselves are supposed to die and go to hell .
No human being can live through something like that ! "
His best Army buddy thought it was funny .
He thought maybe a neighbor had done it .
He told me " Margene , you are immortal !
He cussed and cussed at who could have done that to me .
Then he told me to go out in the yard and do like they do in the movies .
" Take this package and put it right there in your mouth and squeeze it and it will look like blood .
Then throw your arms up and yell " I am immortal ! "
So I did it and it was fun .
Someone asked me what I had just said and I replied " I 'm immortal but really I am just a Baptist ! "
nice on January 03 , 2013 :
This explains me to a t but i have two kids and want to get help but i do n't want my kids to get taken away i know i would kill myself i I saw it myself in the house around them so I would know what I 'm living for but when I 'm outside I can't help but have bad thoughts I want to do things to myself and other i heard and see things but im so sacred of losing my kids but i do n't wanna get worse than I am now i need help
Tina on January 01 , 2013 :
Growing up with a schizophrenic mother was absolute torture .
I reflect a great deal on my childhood and the disconnect I feel from my mother .
Although there is no mother daughter bond I am burdened with the responsibility of taking care of her .
It is easier for me to take care of her from a distance as there are less emotions involved and I feel everything for her but the love that a daughter should feel for her mother .
I tell her I love her and I go through the motions of being a good daughter .
Can someone tell me please how they were able to heal the hurt child inside them who was severely abused and neglected ?
Anjilyn on December 21 , 2012 :
I have a rather unique problem .
I live at home with my parents because my dad works and my mother needs care , and I can't find work anyway , my mother is schizophrenic .
My living situation is complicated , suficeth to say , my father let my mother go untreated for 12 years , causing cognitive brain damage .
Now I have read a number of posts about how parents can get their schizophrenic children to shower , but the parent is in a natural authoritative position , as her her daughter and my father 's daughter , I have no authority with either of them , and when I try to tell Mom , I wo n't make your breakfast until you shower , my Dad get 's mad at me , and this is the only place I have to go , he says I have no right to speak to her like that , but he wo n't make her shower , he does n't get involved at all .
My Dad has his own malfunctions , he 's a gambling and drug addict , and he has threatened to throw me out of the house before simply because I accepted some food from some friends of mine who knew about our situation .
You see Dad gambles away most of our money .
I can't find work , I have been unemployed for 2.5 years now , I am a medical assistant .
So like I said , my situation is complicated .
How can a daughter who has no authority in the house at all , get her schizophrenic mother to take a shower ?
And if you have any other suggestions on how to improve things around here in general I am all ears .
Alix achille on November 11 , 2012 :
Wow I never knew schizophrenia was that bad me I dont suffer from my schizophrenia at all doctors will disagree but I dont fear anything I go through I never hear voices telling me to do anything bad I go through what the doctors call paranoia is fear based off of suspission and if im not afraid of it then its not paranoia even if thats how it sounds to people and the people were telling me I might be right .
Bonsat on September 28 , 2012 :
" schizophrenia " is an illness , to me its just society that breaks you and the surrounding people
Rachael Fields ( author ) from KC , MO on September 15 , 2012 :
@ninja and @d - thank you both for sharing your stories .
I absolutely love seeing and reading new ones .
I appreciate the bravery you have by sharing your stories with us .
@lamb servant - I appreciate that logic , I definitely never thought about it that way , good point !
I believe that your words are very true .
ninja on September 13 , 2012 :
like i said in a post before ive got " schizophrenia " , but im on medication , which im forced to take its risperidone injection once every 2 weeks 50 mg .
But i dont know what its doing really , i mean these doctors and people around me say its making me better and it stops the brain from getting worst over time .
I 'm not sure about this really its confusing in a way i just got a feeling im being lied to about it , but then they say oh ya u lack insight ?
I mean ive been on it for like a year now and i have n't " relapsed " so i guess its doing something , But i think they make these relapses out to be too much like my brain has stopped working , i mean in a big episode i had in america i managed to hack a internet account from memory and play a game of chess with some random people in a park and play well lol ...
In my opinion schizophrenia is just like some weird experience some people are just prone to and have to get over it , i mean is this little medication really fixing something in my brain like a guy who pops a pill for high blood pressure takes , people make it sound like its black and white but its not u only understand this if your schizophrenic , most people will just be thinking just take ur pill and ur fine , but its not exactly like that , I mean if i did n't smoke potent weed everyday for 5 years when i was a teenager i probably would n't have this so called " chemical imbalance " and i would n't be thinking any of this stuff now , so just incase any young people out there smoking weed reading this , my advice to you is quit especially if u had like a strange experience the first few times u smoked weed , i mean i enjoyed it even though it was a strange experience then i got used to it and smoked every day but in the end its frying ur brain and eventually u might have a real weird experience and get psychosis i only got that once i quit the weed though like a day after , cannabis psychosis happens once u quit the cannabis normally so be careful .
D. on September 05 , 2012 :
My 18 year old girlfriend is schizophrenic .
It 's 4 am and I 'm currently on the phone with her trying to help her not listen to James , the most dominant of the voices in her head .
Because of him she walked over 40 miles in one night .
She 's stabbed her friend ( not fatal ) , and injured one of our friends that helps take care of her when she 's upset , because I can't be with her all the time .
Though all of this has happened , and James has expressed his hatred for me , I 've heard her arguing with him .
I 've heard her refuse to hurt me .
She was on medicine and had to be taken off because of heart problems .
She 's currently off her medicine , and she always listens to James again .
But now she knows hes not real .
And she still can't make herself not listen to him .
Except when he tries to make her hurt me .
I 've never understood that .
Is there anyone out there who can give me a little insight on this ?
Does the fact that we 've been together for over a year give me some kind of power over James ?
Lori Colbo from Pacific Northwest on August 22 , 2012 :
One more thing , I think we need to be careful about labeling someone by their disorder .
I have bipolar disorder , and I do n't like to hear " Lori 's a bipolar . "
I am a woman , not a bipolar . "
I need to remember this myself .
I encourage all of us to say " A person with such and such disorder . "
ninja on August 22 , 2012 :
i got schizophrenia its not actually that bad , well i hear stories about these people who have it bad but i think they are suffering from chronic schizophrenia , Im only 25 and apparantly in an unmedicated schizophrenic the brain detiriates over time , Ive had it since i was 18 apparantly due to drug abuse mainly strong cannabis everyday ..
Ive never harmed anyone or harmed myself for that matter ,
In my opinion u should n't take it too serious its just like having high blood pressure , So with high blood pressure ur heart is working faster , and the same applies to schizophrenia ur brain is just working in overdrive alot of the time , So u think too much sometimes , u get agitated for no reason , i mean every1 has a propensity to psychosis its just a spectrum , just like obesity some people can eat alot and not put on too much weight and others will become obese quickly , Take alzheimers disease for example i feel bad for people with that cuz they have literally lost their mind and dont even know how to get from a to b , but most people with schizophrenia still have their necessary brain faculties in order maybe theres a chemical reaction going on in the brain which is n't normal but most people with schizophrenia still know what 's going on generally and are still in touch with reality just maybe have a skewed or different outlook , Even saying someone with schizophrenia has a disease in my opinion is a pessimistic way of thinking about it especially when this so called disease is not yet fully understood and does n't show the same pattern for every patient .
Rachael Fields ( author ) from KC , MO on July 22 , 2012 :
@unknown -
Thanks of stopping by and reading this hub .
I am glad that you find the sincerity of my voice here , it is in fact as sincere as anyone can be .
I really do feel like awareness of schizophrenia and the people it affects can help bring less stigma to this illness .
Rachael Fields ( author ) from KC , MO on July 22 , 2012 :
@ Cindy - I apologize that it took so long to get back to you , with a new baby in the house , I do n't get to be on Hubpages as often as I would like .
I am not a psychiatrist so I could n't presume to diagnose your mother , but it sounds like your wonders are pretty much on the right track .
Try and have compassion and think well of your mother , she could n't help herself .
Rachael Fields ( author ) from KC , MO on July 22 , 2012 :
@valeygurl - I am so glad that you found this hub and have commented .
I am sorry I did n't get to it until now .
I hope that this day finds you well and I am looking forward to knowing if you have gotten the help you need .
Much love to you .
Unknown on June 10 , 2012 :
Too many majors issues going on right now for any detailed info or stories .
I 'm talking about housing , losing custody of kids etc. just wanted to say that in my head all society it as understanding as you , but in actuality their mostly evil and will turn there backs on you .
The others treat you like your mentally challenged and dying .
I had cancer and was n't treated like I had a " challenged person " with a death sentence .
It 's like with cancer there is a chance irradication .
With schizophrenia society acts like there is no hope and your doomed . , in effect I 've noticed a huge negative " feeling " from people that I did n't get with my astrocytoma brain tumor .
Cancer is tangible , so it 's easy to understand , treatment will remove the renegade cells .
Schizophrenia is not a " part " to be cleaned or replaced .
It 's on a whole other level that society can't grasp .
If you can't see it , touch it , etc. it MuST be made up .
The very small remaining population maybe one , two if your lucky will treat you with respect and lend a hand .
Like a place to stay , something to eat , prepaid phone or just a cup of coffee at a nice coffee shop like you used to before the voices took over .
Those people understand careing .
At least until ssdi is approved .
We 're not slow or dying we 're creative in fine and industrial arts , we just see " both plains of existance " .
I suck at math , but can play multiple instruments , a good photographer , and can fix the blown headgasket on your car .
Thanks so much again for helping spread the word of our positive traits and good qualities .
As a posed to reenforceing ignorant old fashioned stereotypes .
I feel your sincerity in your writing .
Sorry this is so jumbled , when I get this stressed the haldol seems to not be as effective .
Cindy on June 10 , 2012 :
My sister and I had a miserable up bringing .
Our mother would always be hearing some one talking in the roof of the house even when we moved the voices were still there however we never heard anyone talking only mum could hear it .
She would also say someone came through the night and cut her bra from her and her husband was trying to poison her .
She would say things like her food tated funny .
or there was some one watching our house .
Our mother was never diagnosed with anything that we know of .
Do you think by the above that she had schisaphrenia .
Mysister and I have always wondered .
Valeygurl on June 08 , 2012 :
I am a diagnosed paranoid schizophrenic .
I have read your article , and must say , I fit in there too .... I know for a fact that I am going thru something now .... as I suffer the symptoms of uncontrollable crying ... my gurls ( I have three ...
Valeygurl ... Vallee .... Valerie ) are always talking and trying to make me do something i should n't or convince me to go left when i should go right ...
I suffer from other issues , too .
I have had this mental illness since I was in my early teens ...
I remember the first time at a physch doctor was when i was 9 yrs old ...
Unfortunately , i believe my illness will help me leave this world soon ...
I believe that I made it to my 50th birthday , but all my sis and bros , died b4 their 50th birthday .
I am having bad episodes lately , but my insurance deductible is so high , that I had to stop going to my psychiatric .
I am hoping once i catch up on the deductible , i can then return to my doctor and go back on the medications she prescribed .... when i am off them , it is easy for the gurls to take over me and get all lost in communications .
With these issues , I live in my own private HELL everyday ... some - days are just more tolerable ... but the days when the devil wants to drag me to HELL ... then there is a major fight going on in my head !
Not going to lie ...
I know for a fact I still need help ...
I pray it will come , b4 something tragic happens .... oh , and to those ppl who think , that all they have to do is stop that stinking thinking .... its just not that easy !
It really really is not that simple !!
Its a constant battle ....
Rachael Fields ( author ) from KC , MO on April 29 , 2012 :
@sally - I am so glad my hub could help you .
I love hearing personal stories and it heartens me to know that I could help you in some way .
I really suggest you find a good therapist that you can trust and talk to them .
They do n't have to institutionalize you , there are so many other things that they can do for you - medication being one of the first things .
I hope you will get the help you need so that you can live a productive and wonderful life .
It sounds very much like you deserve to . :)
Sally 8 on April 28 , 2012 :
This helped me a lot thank you .
My dad 's mother was a paranoid schizophrenic and my my father was never diagnosised with it but was deemed 100 % diabled upon retiring from the military .
Mostly because of his mental problems which they assumed were because of his time served .
Little do they know how he has acted since ive known him .
I have been on meds for depression , but i have never been completely honest with anyone especially doctors what i go through every day .
It got worse the past year and i have have turned into a recluse and wear headphones everywhere even the grocery store .
I was finally honest with my bf who is the first person in my whole life i have ever been completely comfortable with and actually feel like i can trust so i told him and i told my mom some of it .
I left out the voices with my mom bc the weird things ive been paranoid about and at such a young age i could tell scared her .
I do want to go to a therapist and see if i can get on medications to help it though .
My boyfriend recently started living with me and i still get paranoid about stuff but when he goes with me to the store and stuff it really helps i dont even wear headphones .
This really helped give me that extra push to go i just dont want to be institutionalized .
I also hope it does n't get progressively worse because i dont want to put my boyfriend through that .
Rachael Fields ( author ) from KC , MO on April 19 , 2012 :
@lambservant -
Thanks so much for coming back !
I enjoy your stories as well , they are always so interesting to read and they remind me of the days when I worked with schizophrenics .
Those individuals were the most interesting and genuine people I have ever met .
Rachael Fields ( author ) from KC , MO on April 19 , 2012 :
@rerednaw -
Thanks so much for reading .
I love hearing personal stories from my readers and yours is no exception .
Thanks so much for opening up and allowing others a peek into your world .
Rachael Fields ( author ) from KC , MO on April 19 , 2012 :
@michael - I am sorry if you took this hub and its comments to be negative .
It is certainly not supposed to be and it seems that all the comments have been generally very positive .
Thanks for reading though , I hope your friend is doing well .
Lori Colbo from Pacific Northwest on April 08 , 2012 :
I just stumbled on this hub again and thought I would make a few more comments based on some study and experiences I have had .
Statistics say that people with mental illness , schizophrenia included , are often less likely to be violent than the general population .
I am around schizophrenic patients a lot .
They are harmless most of the time and I often see them smurking or chuckling at something that is going on inside .
I always am tempted to ask them to share .
That being said , every once in a blue moon I see a very hostile patient and it is very scary .
Then , I got to know one woman with schizoaffective disorder and when the voices got to be too much , she would scream and bang her head against the wall .
I felt so bad for her .
So they gave her a portable cd player to carry around with ear things in it .
It helped her a great deal and it was pretty simple tool to help her .
I thank you again for advocating for these dear people by writin
Eurofighter and Euroradar to Develop Latest Generation AESA Radar
( Source : Eurofighter GmbH ; issued July 20 , 2010 )
HALLBERGMOOS , Germany ---
An innovative cutting edge AESA radar system , reconfirms Eurofighter as the most advanced aircraft available on the market .
Eurofighter GmbH and Euroradar , together with their industrial partners , have begun full scale development of a latest generation Active Electronically Scanned Array ( AESA ) radar .
The target in - service date for the new radar is 2015 to meet the requirements of Eurofighter Partner Nations and export customers .
Eurofighter CEO Enzo Casolini said of the decision “ This is an important step in the Eurofighter programme and will ensure that Typhoon continues to lead the way as the world ’s best new generation multi-role combat aircraft .
In consultation with our Core Nation customers we can offer an AESA capability that far exceeds any other radar available .
This capability will mean that Eurofighter is in the best possible position when offering Typhoon to the export market .
The in - service date means we are perfectly positioned to respond to the complex and demanding requirements of the air forces ” .
The decision means that Eurofighter will further develop the capability of the Typhoon aircraft to enhance its radar performance , building on preliminary development and flight testing undertaken since 2007 .
Although the current Mechanically Scanned ( M - Scan ) radar is considered to be best in class , AESA technology will see the Typhoon 's radar capabilities developed even further .
The planned AESA radar will offer a variety of benefits over M - Scan , including increased detection and tracking ranges , advanced air - to - surface capability and enhanced electronic protection measures .
The new radar will retain the key features of the existing Captor radar architecture in order to exploit the maturity of the current system and will use latest generation technology to provide a full complement of air - to - air and air - to - surface modes .
The large array can be accommodated easily in the Typhoon ’s radome and , being fitted on a repositioner , will provide an extremely wide field of regard .
This will see Typhoon 's combat effectiveness enhanced even further , allowing the Typhoon to outperform any other aircraft available on the market .
The radar will offer customers the freedom to retrofit their existing Typhoons when required .
The radar will have significant growth potential and both existing and new customers will be able to participate in tailoring the radar to meet their individual operational requirements .
Euroradar is a multi-national consortium lead by SELEX Galileo , a Finmeccanica Company , alongside EADS Defence Electronics and Indra .
Euroradar has delivered over 250 Captor mechanically scanned radars into the Typhoon programme to date and this experience will ensure a timely and smooth transition to AESA .
Eurofighter Typhoon is the world 's most advanced new generation real multi-role / swing - role combat aircraft available on the market and has been ordered by six nations ( Germany , Italy , Spain , United Kingdom , Austria and the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia ) .
With 707 aircraft under contract , it is Europe ’s largest military collaborative programme and delivers leading - edge technology , strengthening Europe ’s aerospace industry in the global competition .
More than 100,000 jobs in 400 companies are secured by the programme .
Eurofighter Jagdflugzeug GmbH manages the programme on behalf of the Eurofighter Partner Companies : Alenia Aeronautica / Finmeccanica , BAE Systems , EADS CASA and EADS Deutschland , Europe ’s foremost aerospace companies with a total turnover of approx .
EUR 88 billion ( 2008 ) .
-ends -
B.1
Why are anarchists against authority and hierarchy ?
First , it is necessary to indicate what kind of authority anarchism challenges .
While it is customary for some opponents of anarchism to assert that anarchists oppose all kinds of authority , the reality of the situation is more complex .
While anarchists have , on occasion , stated their opposition to " all authority " a closer reading quickly shows that anarchists reject only one specific form of authority , what we tend to call hierarchy ( see section H.4 for more details ) .
This can be seen when Bakunin stated that " the principle of authority " was the " eminently theological , metaphysical and political idea that the masses , always incapable of governing themselves , must submit at all times to the benevolent yoke of a wisdom and a justice , which in one way or another , is imposed from above . "
[ Marxism , Freedom and the State , p. 33 ]
Other forms of authority are more acceptable to anarchists , it depends whether the authority in question becomes a source of power over others or not .
That is the key to understanding the anarchist position on authority -- if it is hierarchical authority , then anarchists are against it . .
The reason is simple :
" [ n ] o one should be entrusted with power , inasmuch as anyone invested with authority must . . . became an oppressor and exploiter of society . "
[ Bakunin , The Political Philosophy of Bakunin , p. 249 ]
This distinction between forms of authority is important .
As Erich Fromm pointed out , " authority " is " a broad term with two entirely different meanings : it can be either ' rational ' or ' irrational ' authority .
Rational authority is based on competence , and it helps the person who leans on it to grow .
Irrational authority is based on power and serves to exploit the person subjected to it . "
[ To Have or To Be , pp. 44 - 45 ]
The same point was made by Bakunin over 100 years earlier when he indicated the difference between authority and " natural influence . "
For Bakunin , individual freedom " results from th[e ] great number of material , intellectual , and moral influences which every individual around him [ or her ] and which society . . . continually exercise . . .
To abolish this mutual influence would be to die . "
Consequently , " when we reclaim the freedom of the masses , we hardly wish to abolish the effect of any individual 's or any group of individual 's natural influence upon the masses .
What we wish is to abolish artificial , privileged , legal , and official influences . "
[ The Basic Bakunin , p. 140 and p. 141 ]
It is , in other words , the difference between taking part in a decision and listening to alternative viewpoints and experts ( " natural influence " ) before making your mind up and having a decision made for you by a separate group of individuals ( who may or may not be elected ) because that is their role in an organisation or society .
In the former , the individual exercises their judgement and freedom ( i.e. is based on rational authority ) .
In the latter , they are subjected to the wills of others , to hierarchical authority ( i.e. is based on irrational authority ) .
This is because rational authority " not only permits but requires constant scrutiny and criticism . . . it is always temporary , its acceptance depending on its performance . "
The source of irrational authority , on the other hand , " is always power over people . . .
Power on the one side , fear on the other , are always the buttresses on which irrational authority is built . "
Thus former is based upon " equality " while the latter " is by its very nature based upon inequality . "
[ Erich Fromm , Man for Himself , pp. 9-10 ]
This crucial point is expressed in the difference between having authority and being an authority .
Being an authority just means that a given person is generally recognised as competent for a given task , based on his or her individual skills and knowledge .
Put differently , it is socially acknowledged expertise .
In contrast , having authority is a social relationship based on status and power derived from a hierarchical position , not on individual ability .
Obviously this does not mean that competence is not an element for obtaining a hierarchical position ; it just means that the real or alleged initial competence is transferred to the title or position of the authority and so becomes independent of individuals , i.e. institutionalised ( or what Bakunin termed " official " ) .
This difference is important because the way people behave is more a product of the institutions in which we are raised than of any inherent nature .
In other words , social relationships shape the individuals involved .
This means that the various groups individuals create have traits , behaviours and outcomes that cannot be understood by reducing them to the individuals within them .
That is , groups consist not only of individuals , but also relationships between individuals and these relationships will affect those subject to them .
For example , obviously " the exercise of power by some disempowers others " and so through a " combination of physical intimidation , economic domination and dependency , and psychological limitations , social institutions and practices affect the way everyone sees the world and her or his place in it . "
This , as we discuss in the next section , impacts on those involved in such authoritarian social relationships as " the exercise of power in any institutionalised form -- whether economic , political or sexual -- brutalises both the wielder of power and the one over whom it is exercised . "
[ Martha A. Ackelsberg , Free Women of Spain , p. 41 ]
Authoritarian social relationships means dividing society into ( the few ) order givers and ( the many ) order takers , impoverishing the individuals involved ( mentally , emotionally and physically ) and society as a whole .
Human relationships , in all parts of life , are stamped by authority , not liberty .
And as freedom can only be created by freedom , authoritarian social relationships ( and the obedience they require ) do not and cannot educate a person in freedom -- only participation ( self - management ) in all areas of life can do that .
" In a society based on exploitation and servitude , " in Kropotkin 's words , " human nature itself is degraded " and it is only " as servitude disappears " shall we " regain our rights . "
[ Anarchism , p. 104 ]
Of course , it will be pointed out that in any collective undertaking there is a need for co-operation and co-ordination and this need to " subordinate " the individual to group activities is a form of authority .
Therefore , it is claimed , a democratically managed group is just as " authoritarian " as one based on hierarchical authority .
Anarchists are not impressed by such arguments .
Yes , we reply , of course in any group undertaking there is a need make and stick by agreements but anarchists argue that to use the word " authority " to describe two fundamentally different ways of making decisions is playing with words .
It obscures the fundamental difference between free association and hierarchical imposition and confuses co-operation with command ( as we note in section H.4 , Marxists are particularly fond of this fallacy ) .
Simply put , there are two different ways of co-ordinating individual activity within groups -- either by authoritarian means or by libertarian means .
Proudhon , in relation to workplaces , makes the difference clear :
" either the workman . . . will be simply the employee of the proprietor - capitalist - promoter ; or he will participate .
. . [ and ] have a voice in the council , in a word he will become an associate .
" In the first case the workman is subordinated , exploited : his permanent condition is one of obedience .
. .
In the second case he resumes his dignity as a man and citizen .
. . he forms part of the producing organisation , of which he was before but the slave ; as , in the town , he forms part of the sovereign power , of which he was before but the subject . . . we need not hesitate , for we have no choice .
. . it is necessary to form an ASSOCIATION among workers . . . because without that , they would remain related as subordinates and superiors , and there would ensue two . . . castes of masters and wage - workers , which is repugnant to a free and democratic society . "
[ General Idea of the Revolution , pp. 215-216 ]
In other words , associations can be based upon a form of rational authority , based upon natural influence and so reflect freedom , the ability of individuals to think , act and feel and manage their own time and activity .
Otherwise , we include elements of slavery into our relationships with others , elements that poison the whole and shape us in negative ways ( see section B.1.1 ) .
Only the reorganisation of society in a libertarian way ( and , we may add , the mental transformation such a change requires and would create ) will allow the individual to " achieve more or less complete blossoming , whilst continuing to develop " and banish " that spirit of submission that has been artificially thrust upon him [ or her ] " [ Nestor Makhno , The Struggle Against the State and Other Essays , p. 62 ]
So , anarchists " ask nothing better than to see [ others ] .
. . exercise over us a natural and legitimate influence , freely accepted , and never imposed . . .
We accept all natural authorities and all influences of fact , but none of right . "
[ Bakunin , The Political Philosophy of Bakunin , p. 255 ]
Anarchist support for free association within directly democratic groups is based upon such organisational forms increasing influence and reducing irrational authority in our lives .
Members of such organisations can create and present their own ideas and suggestions , critically evaluate the proposals and suggestions from their fellows , accept those that they agree with or become convinced by and have the option of leaving the association if they are unhappy with its direction .
Hence the influence of individuals and their free interaction determine the nature of the decisions reached , and no one has the right to impose their ideas on another .
As Bakunin argued , in such organisations " no function remains fixed and it will not remain permanently and irrevocably attached to one person .
Hierarchical order and promotion do not exist .
. .
In such a system , power , properly speaking , no longer exists .
Power is diffused to the collectivity and becomes the true expression of the liberty of everyone . "
[ Bakunin on Anarchism , p. 415 ]
Therefore , anarchists are opposed to irrational ( e.g. , illegitimate ) authority , in other words , hierarchy -- hierarchy being the institutionalisation of authority within a society .
Hierarchical social institutions include the state ( see section B.2 ) , private property and the class systems it produces ( see section B.3 ) and , therefore , capitalism ( see section B.4 ) .
Due to their hierarchical nature , anarchists oppose these with passion .
" Every institution , social or civil , " argued Voltairine de Cleyre , " that stands between man [ or woman ] and his [ or her ] right ; every tie that renders one a master , another a serf ; every law , every statue , every be - it - enacted that represents tyranny " anarchists seek to destroy .
However , hierarchy exists beyond these institutions .
For example , hierarchical social relationships include sexism , racism and homophobia ( see section B.1.4 ) , and anarchists oppose , and fight , them all .
Thus , as well as fighting capitalism as being hierarchical ( for workers " slave in a factory , " albeit " the slavery ends with the working hours " ) de Cleyre also opposed patriarchal social relationships which produce a " home that rests on slavery " because of a " marriage that represents the sale and transfer of the individuality of one of its parties to the other ! "
[ The Voltairine de Cleyre Reader , p. 72 , p. 17 and p. 72 ]
Needless to say , while we discuss different forms of hierarchy in different sections this does not imply that anarchists think they , and their negative effects , are somehow independent or can be easily compartmentalised .
For example , the modern state and capitalism are intimately interrelated and cannot be considered as independent of each other .
Similarly , social hierarchies like sexism and racism are used by other hierarchies to maintain themselves ( for example , bosses will use racism to divide and so rule their workers ) .
From this it follows that abolishing one or some of these hierarchies , while desirable , would not be sufficient .
Abolishing capitalism while maintaining the state would not lead to a free society ( and vice versa ) -- if it were possible .
As Murray Bookchin notes :
" there can be a decidedly classless , even a non-exploitative society in the economic sense that still preserves hierarchical rule and domination in the social sense -- whether they take the form of the patriarchal family , domination by age and ethnic groups , bureaucratic institutions , ideological manipulation or a pyramidal division of labour . . . classless or not , society would be riddles by domination and , with domination , a general condition of command and obedience , of unfreedom and humiliation , and perhaps most decisively , an abortion of each individual 's potentiality for consciousness , reason , selfhood , creativity , and the right to assert full control over her or his daily live . "
[ Toward an Ecological Society , pp. 14-5 ]
This clearly implies that anarchists " challenge not only class formations but hierarchies , not only material exploitation but domination in every form . "
[ Bookchin , Op. Cit. , p. 15 ]
Hence the anarchist stress on opposing hierarchy rather than just , say , the state ( as some falsely assert ) or simply economic class and exploitation ( as , say , many Marxists do ) .
As noted earlier ( in section A.2.8 ) , anarchists consider all hierarchies to be not only harmful but unnecessary , and think that there are alternative , more egalitarian ways to organise social life .
In fact , we argue that hierarchical authority creates the conditions it is presumably designed to combat , and thus tends to be self - perpetuating .
Thus hierarchical organisations erode the ability of those at the bottom to manage their own affairs directly so requiring hierarchy and some people in positions to give orders and the rest to follow them .
Rather than prevent disorder , governments are among its primary causes while its bureaucracies ostensibly set up to fight poverty wind up perpetuating it , because without poverty , the high - salaried top administrators would be out of work .
The same applies to agencies intended to eliminate drug abuse , fight crime , etc .
In other words , the power and privileges deriving from top hierarchical positions constitute a strong incentive for those who hold them not to solve the problems they are supposed to solve .
( For further discussion see Marilyn French , Beyond Power : On Women , Men , and Morals , Summit Books , 1985 ) .
B.1.1 What are the effects of authoritarian social relationships ?
Hierarchical authority is inextricably connected with the marginalisation and disempowerment of those without authority .
This has negative effects on those over whom authority is exercised , since " [ t ] hose who have these symbols of authority and those who benefit from them must dull their subject people 's realistic , i.e. critical , thinking and make them believe the fiction [ that irrational authority is rational and necessary ] , . . . [ so ] the mind is lulled into submission by cliches . . . [ and ] people are made dumb because they become dependent and lose their capacity to trust their eyes and judgement . "
[ Erich Fromm , To Have or To Be? , p. 47 ]
Or , in the words of Bakunin , " the principle of authority , applied to men who have surpassed or attained their majority , becomes a monstrosity , a source of slavery and intellectual and moral depravity . "
[ God and the State , p. 41 ]
This is echoed by the syndicalist miners who wrote the classic The Miners ' Next Step when they indicate the nature of authoritarian organisations and their effect on those involved .
Leadership ( i.e. hierarchical authority ) " implies power held by the leader .
Without power the leader is inept .
The possession of power inevitably leads to corruption .
. . in spite of .
. . good intentions . . . [ Leadership means ] power of initiative , this sense of responsibility , the self - respect which comes from expressed manhood [ sic ! ] , is taken from the men , and consolidated in the leader .
The sum of their initiative , their responsibility , their self - respect becomes his . . . [ and the ] order and system he maintains is based upon the suppression of the men , from being independent thinkers into being ' the men ' . . .
In a word , he is compelled to become an autocrat and a foe to democracy . "
Indeed , for the " leader , " such marginalisation can be beneficial , for a leader " sees no need for any high level of intelligence in the rank and file , except to applaud his actions .
Indeed such intelligence from his point of view , by breeding criticism and opposition , is an obstacle and causes confusion . "
[ The Miners ' Next Step , pp. 16 - 17 and p. 15 ]
Anarchists argue that hierarchical social relationships will have a negative effect on those subject to them , who can no longer exercise their critical , creative and mental abilities freely .
As Colin Ward argues , people " do go from womb to tomb without realising their human potential , precisely because the power to initiate , to participate in innovating , choosing , judging , and deciding is reserved for the top men " ( and it usually is men ! )
[ Anarchy in Action , p , 42 ] .
Anarchism is based on the insight that there is an interrelationship between the authority structures of institutions and the psychological qualities and attitudes of individuals .
Following orders all day hardly builds an independent , empowered , creative personality ( " authority and servility walk ever hand in hand . "
[ Peter Kropotkin , Anarchism , p. 81 ] ) .
As Emma Goldman made clear , if a person 's " inclination and judgement are subordinated to the will of a master " ( such as a boss , as most people have to sell their labour under capitalism ) then little wonder such an authoritarian relationship " condemns millions of people to be mere nonentities . "
[ Red Emma Speaks , p. 50 ]
As the human brain is a bodily organ , it needs to be used regularly in order to be at its fittest .
Authority concentrates decision - making in the hands of those at the top , meaning that most people are turned into executants , following the orders of others .
If muscle is not used , it turns to fat ; if the brain is not used , creativity , critical thought and mental abilities become blunted and side - tracked onto marginal issues , like sports and fashion .
This can only have a negative impact :
" Hierarchical institutions foster alienated and exploitative relationships among those who participate in them , disempowering people and distancing them from their own reality .
Hierarchies make some people dependent on others , blame the dependent for their dependency , and then use that dependency as a justification for further exercise of authority .
. . .
Those in positions of relative dominance tend to define the very characteristics of those subordinate to them . . .
Anarchists argue that to be always in a position of being acted upon and never to be allowed to act is to be doomed to a state of dependence and resignation .
Those who are constantly ordered about and prevented from thinking for themselves soon come to doubt their own capacities . . . [ and have ] difficulty acting on [ their ] sense of self in opposition to societal norms , standards and expectations . "
[ Martha Ackelsberg , Free Women of Spain , pp. 40 - 1 ]
And so , in the words of Colin Ward , the " system makes its morons , then despises them for their ineptitude , and rewards its ' gifted few ' for their rarity . "
[ Op. Cit. , p. 43 ]
This negative impact of hierarchy is , of course , not limited to those subject to it .
Those in power are affected by it , but in different ways .
As we noted in section A.2.15 , power corrupts those who have it as well as those subjected to it .
The Spanish Libertarian
Youth put it this way in the 1930s :
" Against the principle of authority because this implies erosion of the human personality when some men submit to the will of others , arousing in these instincts which predispose them to cruelty and indifference in the face of the suffering of their fellows . " [ quoted by Jose Peirats , The CNT in the Spanish Revolution , vol. 2 , p. 76 ]
Hierarchy impoverishes the human spirit .
" A hierarchical mentality , " notes Bookchin , " fosters the renunciation of the pleasures of life .
It justifies toil , guilt , and sacrifice by the ' inferiors , ' and pleasure and the indulgent gratification of virtually every caprice by their ' superiors . '
The objective history of the social structure becomes internalised as a subjective history of the psychic structure . "
In other words , being subject to hierarchy fosters the internalisation of oppression -- and the denial of individuality necessary to accept it .
" Hierarchy , class , and ultimately the State , " he stresses , " penetrate the very integument of the human psyche and establish within it unreflective internal powers of coercion and constraint . . .
By using guilt and self - blame , the inner State can control behaviour long before fear of the coercive powers of the State have to be invoked . "
[ The Ecology of Freedom , p. 72 and p. 189 ]
In a nutshell , " [ h ] ierarchies , classes , and states warp the creative powers of humanity . "
However , that is not all .
Hierarchy , anarchists argue , also twists our relationships with the environment .
Indeed , " all our notions of dominating nature stem from the very real domination of human by human . . .
And it is not until we eliminate domination in all its forms . . . that we will really create a rational , ecological society . "
For " the conflicts within a divided humanity , structured around domination , inevitably leads to conflicts with nature .
The ecological crisis with its embattled division between humanity and nature stems , above all , from divisions between human and human . "
While the " rise of capitalism , with a law of life based on competition , capital accumulation , and limitless growth , brought these problems -- ecological and social -- to an acute point , " anarchists " emphasise that major ecological problems have their roots in social problems -- problems that go back to the very beginnings of patricentric culture itself . "
[ Murray Bookchin , Remaking Society , p. 72 , p. 44 , p. 72 and pp. 154-5 ]
Thus , anarchists argue , hierarchy impacts not only on us but also our surroundings .
The environmental crisis we face is a result of the hierarchical power structures at the heart of our society , structures which damage the planet 's ecology at least as much as they damage humans .
The problems within society , the economic , ethnic , cultural , and gender conflicts , among many others , lie at the core of the most serious ecological dislocations we face .
The way human beings deal with each other as social beings is crucial to addressing the ecological crisis .
Ultimately , ecological destruction is rooted in the organisation of our society for a degraded humanity can only yield a degraded nature ( as capitalism and our hierarchical history have sadly shown ) .
This is unsurprising as we , as a species , shape our environment and , consequently , whatever shapes us will impact how we do so .
This means that the individuals produced by the hierarchy ( and the authoritarian mentality it produces ) will shape the planet in specific , harmful , ways .
This is to be expected as humans act upon their environment deliberately , creating what is most suitable for their mode of existence .
If that mode of living is riddled with hierarchies , classes , states and the oppression , exploitation and domination they create then our relations with the natural world will hardly be any better .
In other words , social hierarchy and class legitimises our domination of the environment , planting the seeds for the believe that nature exists , like other people , to be dominated and used as required .
Which brings us to another key reason why anarchists reject hierarchy .
In addition to these negative psychological effects from the denial of liberty , authoritarian social relationships also produce social inequality .
This is because an individual subject to the authority of another has to obey the orders of those above them in the social hierarchy .
In capitalism this means that workers have to follow the orders of their boss ( see next section ) , orders that are designed to make the boss richer .
And richer they have become , with the Chief Executive Officers ( CEOs ) of big firms earning 212 times what the average US worker did in 1995 ( up from a mere 44 times 30 years earlier ) .
Indeed , from 1994 to 1995 alone , CEO compensation in the USA rose 16 percent , compared to 2.8 percent for workers , which did not even keep pace with inflation , and whose stagnating wages cannot be blamed on corporate profits , which rose a healthy 14.8 percent for that year .
Needless to say , inequality in terms of power will translate itself into inequality in terms of wealth ( and vice versa ) .
The effects of such social inequality are wide - reaching .
For example , health is affected significantly by inequality .
Poor people are more likely to be sick and die at an earlier age , compared to rich people .
Simply put , " the lower the class , the worse the health .
Going beyond such static measures , even interruptions in income of the sort caused by unemployment have adverse health effects . "
Indeed , the sustained economic hardship associated with a low place in the social hierarchy leads to poorer physical , psychological and cognitive functioning ( " with consequences that last a decade or more " ) .
" Low incomes , unpleasant occupations and sustained discrimination , " notes Doug Henwood , " may result in apparently physical symptoms that confuse even sophisticated biomedical scientists . . .
Higher incomes are also associated with lower frequency of psychiatric disorders , as are higher levels of asset ownership . "
[ After the New Economy , pp. 81-2 ]
Moreover , the degree of inequality is important ( i.e. the size of the gap between rich and poor ) .
According to an editorial in the British Medical Journal " what matters in determining mortality and health in a society is less the overall wealth of that society and more how evenly wealth is distributed .
The more equally wealth is distributed the better the health of that society . " [ vol .
312 , April 20 , 1996 , p. 985 ]
Research in the USA found overwhelming evidence of this .
George Kaplan and his colleagues measured inequality in the 50 US states and compared it to the age - adjusted death rate for all causes of death , and a pattern emerged : the more unequal the distribution of income , the greater the death rate .
In other words , it is the gap between rich and poor , and not the average income in each state , that best predicts the death rate in each state .
[ " Inequality in income and mortality in the United States : analysis of mortality and potential pathways , " British Medical Journal , vol .
312 , April 20 , 1996 , pp. 999-1003 ]
This measure of income inequality was also tested against other social conditions besides health .
States with greater inequality in the distribution of income also had higher rates of unemployment , higher rates of incarceration , a higher percentage of people receiving income assistance and food stamps , a greater percentage of people without medical insurance , greater proportion of babies born with low birth weight , higher murder rates , higher rates of violent crime , higher costs per-person for medical care , and higher costs per person for police protection .
Moreover states with greater inequality of income distribution also spent less per person on education , had fewer books per person in the schools , and had poorer educational performance , including worse reading skills , worse mathematics skills , and lower rates of completion of high school .
As the gap grows between rich and poor ( indicating an increase in social hierarchy within and outwith of workplaces ) the health of a people deteriorates and the social fabric unravels .
The psychological hardship of being low down on the social ladder has detrimental effects on people , beyond whatever effects are produced by the substandard housing , nutrition , air quality , recreational opportunities , and medical care enjoyed by the poor ( see George Davey Smith , " Income inequality and mortality : why are they related ? "
British Medical Journal , Vol. 312 , April 20 , 1996 , pp. 987-988 ) .
So wealth does not determine health .
What does is the gap between the rich and the poor .
The larger the gap , the sicker the society .
Countries with a greater degree of socioeconomic inequality show greater inequality in health status ; also , that middle - income groups in relatively unequal societies have worse health than comparable , or even poorer , groups in more equal societies .
Unsurprisingly , this is also reflected over time .
The widening income differentials in both the USA and the UK since 1980 have coincided with a slowing down of improvements in life - expectancy , for example .
Inequality , in short , is bad for our health : the health of a population depends not just on the size of the economic pie , but on how the pie is shared .
This is not all .
As well as inequalities in wealth , inequalities in freedom also play a large role in overall human well - being .
According to Michael Marmot's The Status Syndrome : How Social Standing Affects Our Health and Longevity , as you move up any kind of hierarchy your health status improves .
Autonomy and position in a hierarchy are related ( i.e. the higher you are in a hierarchy , the more autonomy you have ) .
Thus the implication of this empirical work is that autonomy is a source of good health , that the more control you have over your work environment and your life in general , the less likely you are to suffer the classic stress - related illnesses , such as heart disease .
As public - Health scholars Jeffrey Johnson and Ellen Hall have noted , the " potential to control one 's own environment is differentially distributed along class lines . " [ quoted by Robert Kuttner , Everything for Sale , p. 153 ]
As would be expected from the very nature of hierarchy , to " be in a life situation where one experiences relentless demands by others , over which one has relatively little control , is to be at risk of poor health , physically as well as mentally . "
Looking at heart disease , the people with greatest risk " tended to be in occupations with high demands , low control , and low social support .
People in demanding positions but with great autonomy were at lower risk . "
Under capitalism , " a relatively small elite demands and gets empowerment , self - actualisation , autonomy , and other work satisfaction that partially compensate for long hours " while " epidemiological data confirm that lower - paid , lower - status workers are more likely to experience the most clinically damaging forms of stress , in part because they have less control over their work . "
[ Kuttner , Op. Cit. , p. 153 and p. 154 ]
In other words , the inequality of autonomy and social participation produced by hierarchy is itself a cause of poor health .
There would be positive feedback on the total amount of health -- and thus of social welfare -- if social inequality was reduced , not only in terms of wealth but also , crucially , in power .
This is strong evidence in support of anarchist visions of egalitarianism .
Some social structures give more people more autonomy than others and acting to promote social justice along these lines is a key step toward improving our health .
This means that promoting libertarian , i.e. self - managed , social organisations would increase not only liberty but also people 's health and well - being , both physical and mental .
Which is , as we argued above , to be expected as hierarchy , by its very nature , impacts negatively on those subject to it .
This dovetails into anarchist support for workers ' control .
Industrial psychologists have found that satisfaction in work depends on the " span of autonomy " works have .
Unsurprisingly , those workers who are continually making decisions for themselves are happier and live longer .
It is the power to control all aspects of your life -- work particularly -- that wealth and status tend to confer that is the key determinant of health .
Men who have low job control face a 50 % higher risk of new illness : heart attacks , stroke , diabetes or merely ordinary infections .
Women are at slightly lower risk but low job control was still a factor in whether they fell ill or not .
So it is the fact that the boss is a boss that makes the employment relationship so troublesome for health issues ( and genuine libertarians ) .
The more bossy the boss , the worse , as a rule is the job .
So part of autonomy is not being bossed around , but that is only part of the story .
And , of course , hierarchy ( inequality of power ) and exploitation ( the source of material inequality ) are related .
As we indicate in the next section , capitalism is based on wage labour .
The worker sell their liberty to the boss for a given period of time , i.e. they loose their autonomy .
This allows the possibility of exploitation , as the worker can produce more wealth than they receive back in wages .
As the boss pockets the difference , lack of autonomy produces increases in social inequality which , in turn , impacts negatively on your well - being .
Then there is the waste associated with hierarchy .
While the proponents of authority like to stress its " efficiency , " the reality is different .
As Colin Ward points out , being in authority " derives from your rank in some chain of command . . .
But knowledge and wisdom are not distributed in order of rank , and they are no one person 's monopoly in any undertaking .
The fantastic inefficiency of any hierarchical organisation -- any factory , office , university , warehouse or hospital -- is the outcome of two almost invariable characteristics .
One is that the knowledge and wisdom of the people at the bottom of the pyramid finds no place in the decision - making leadership hierarchy of the institution .
Frequently it is devoted to making the institution work in spite of the formal leadership structure , or alternatively to sabotaging the ostensible function of the institution , because it is none of their choosing .
The other is that they would rather not be there anyway : they are there through economic necessity rather than through identification with a common task which throws up its own shifting and functional leadership . "
[ Op. Cit. , p. 41 ]
Hierarchy , in other words , blocks the flow of information and knowledge .
Rulers , as Malatesta argued , " can only make use of the forces that exist in society -- except for those great forces " their action " paralyses and destroys , and those rebel forces , and all that is wasted through conflicts ; inevitable tremendous losses in such an artificial system . "
And so as well as individuals being prevented from developing to their fullest , wasting their unfulfilled potentialities , hierarchy also harms society as a whole by reducing efficiency and creativity .
This is because input into decisions are limited " only to those individuals who form the government [ of a hierarchical organisation ] or who by reason of their position can influence the [ir ] policy . "
Obviously this means " that far from resulting in an increase in the productive , organising and protective forces in society , " hierarchy " greatly reduce [s ] them , limiting initiative to a few , and giving them the right to do everything without , of course , being able to provide them with the gift of being all - knowing . "
[ Anarchy , p. 38 and p. 39 ]
Large scale hierarchical organisations , like the state , are also marked by bureaucracy .
This becomes a necessity in order to gather the necessary information it needs to make decisions ( and , obviously , to control those under it ) .
However , soon this bureaucracy becomes the real source of power due to its permanence and control of information and resources .
Thus hierarchy cannot " survive without creating around itself a new privileged class " as well as being a " privileged class and cut off from the people " itself .
[ Malatesta , Op. Cit. , p. 37 and p. 36 ]
This means that those at the top of an institution rarely know the facts on the ground , making decisions in relative ignorance of their impact or the actual needs of the situation or people involved .
As economist Joseph Stiglitz concluded from his own experiences in the World Bank , " immense time and effort are required to effect change even from the inside , in an international bureaucracy .
Such organisations are opaque rather than transparent , and not only does far too little information radiate from inside to the outside world , perhaps even less information from outside is able to penetrate the organisation .
The opaqueness also means that it is hard for information from the bottom of the organisation to percolate to the top . "
[ Globalisation and its Discontents , p. 33 ]
The same can be said of any hierarchical organisation , whether a nation state or capitalist business .
Moreover , as Ward and Malatesta indicate , hierarchy provokes a struggle between those at the bottom and at the top .
This struggle is also a source of waste as it diverts resources and energy from more fruitful activity into fighting it .
Ironically , as we discuss in section H.4.4 , one weapon forged in that struggle is the " work to rule , " namely workers bringing their workplace to a grinding halt by following the dictates of the boss to the letter .
This is clear evidence that a workplace only operates because workers exercise their autonomy during working hours , an autonomy which authoritarian structures stifle and waste .
A participatory workplace , therefore , would be more efficient and less wasteful than the hierarchical one associated with capitalism .
As we discuss in section J.5.12 , hierarchy and the struggle it creates always acts as a barrier stopping the increased efficiency associated with workers ' participation undermining the autocratic workplace of capitalism .
All this is not to suggest that those at the bottom of hierarchies are victims nor that those at the top of hierarchies only gain benefits -- far from it .
As Ward and Malatesta indicated , hierarchy by its very nature creates resistance to it from those subjected to it and , in the process , the potential for ending it ( see section B.1.6 for more discussion ) .
Conversely , at the summit of the pyramid , we also see the evils of hierarchy .
If we look at those at the top of the system , yes , indeed they often do very well in terms of material goods and access to education , leisure , health and so on but they lose their humanity and individuality .
As Bakunin pointed out , " power and authority corrupt those who exercise them as much as those who are compelled to submit to them . "
[ The Political Philosophy of Bakunin , p. 249 ]
Power operates destructively , even on those who have it , reducing their individuality as it " renders them stupid and brutal , even when they were originally endowed with the best of talents .
One who is constantly striving to force everything into a mechanical order at last becomes a machine himself and loses all human feeling . "
[ Rudolf Rocker , Anarcho - Syndicalism , pp. 17-8 ]
When it boils down to it , hierarchy is self - defeating , for if " wealth is other people , " then by treating others as less than yourself , restricting their growth , you lose all the potential insights and abilities these individuals have , so impoverishing your own life and restricting your own growth .
Unfortunately in these days material wealth ( a particularly narrow form of " self - interest " ) has replaced concern for developing the whole person and leading a fulfilling and creative life ( a broad self - interest , which places the individual within society , one that recognises that relationships with others shape and develop all individuals ) .
In a hierarchical , class based society everyone loses to some degree , even those at the " top . "
Looking at the environment , the self - defeating nature of hierarchy also becomes clear .
The destiny of human life goes hand - in - hand with the destiny of the non-human world .
While being rich and powerful may mitigate the impact of the ecological destruction produced by hierarchies and capitalism , it will not stop them and will , eventually , impact on the elite as well as the many .
Little wonder , then , that " anarchism . . . works to destroy authority in all its aspects . . . [ and ] refuses all hierarchical organisation . "
[ Kropotkin , Anarchism , p. 137 ]
B.1.2 Is capitalism hierarchical ?
Yes .
Under capitalism workers do not exchange the products of their labour they exchange the labour itself for money .
They sell themselves for a given period of time , and in return for wages , promise to obey their paymasters .
Those who pay and give the orders -- owners and managers -- are at the top of the hierarchy , those who obey at the bottom .
This means that capitalism , by its very nature , is hierarchical .
As Carole Pateman argues :
" Capacities or labour power cannot be used without the worker using his will , his understanding and experience , to put them into effect .
The use of labour power requires the presence of its ' owner , ' and it remains mere potential until he acts in the manner necessary to put it into use , or agrees or is compelled so to act ; that is , the worker must labour .
To contract for the use of labour power is a waste of resources unless it can be used in the way in which the new owner requires .
The fiction ' labour power ' cannot be used ; what is required is that the worker labours as demanded .
The employment contract must , therefore , create a relationship of command and obedience between employer and worker . . .
In short , the contract in which the worker allegedly sells his labour power is a contract in which , since he cannot be separated from his capacities , he sells command over the use of his body and himself .
To obtain the right to use another is to be a ( civil ) master . "
[ The Sexual Contract , pp. 150-1 ]
You need only compare this to Proudhon 's comments quoted in section B.1 to see that anarchists have long recognised that capitalism is , by its very nature , hierarchical .
The worker is subjected to the authority of the boss during working hours ( sometimes outside work too ) .
As Noam Chomsky summarises , " a corporation , factory of business is the economic equivalent of fascism : decisions and control are strictly top - down . "
[ Letters from Lexington , p. 127 ]
The worker 's choices are extremely limited , for most people it amount to renting themselves out to a series of different masters ( for a lucky few , the option of being a master is available ) .
And master is the right word for , as David Ellerman reminds us , " [ s] ociety seems to have ' covered up ' in the popular consciousness the fact that the traditional name [ for employer and employee ] is ' master and servant . ' "
[ Property and Contract in Economics , p. 103 ]
This hierarchical control of wage labour has the effect of alienating workers from their own work , and so from themselves .
Workers no longer govern themselves during work hours and so are no longer free .
And so , due to capitalism , there is " an oppression in the land , " a " form of slavery " rooted in current " property institutions " which produces " a social war , inevitable so long as present legal - social conditions endure . "
[ Voltairine de Cleyre , Op. Cit. , pp. 54 -5 ]
Some defenders of capitalism are aware of the contradiction between the rhetoric of the system and its reality for those subject to it .
Most utilise the argument that workers consent to this form of hierarchy .
Ignoring the economic conditions which force people to sell their liberty on the labour market ( see section B.4.3 ) , the issue instantly arises of whether consent is enough in itself to justify the alienation / selling of a person 's liberty .
For example , there have been arguments for slavery and monarchy ( i.e. dictatorship ) rooted in consent .
Do we really want to say that the only thing wrong with fascism or slavery is that people do not consent to it ?
Sadly , some right - wing " libertarians " come to that conclusion ( see section B.4 ) .
Some try to redefine the reality of the command - and - obey of wage labour .
" To speak of managing , directing , or assigning workers to various tasks is a deceptive way of noting that the employer continually is involved in re-negotiation of contracts on terms that must be acceptable to both parties , " argue two right - wing economists .
[ Arman Alchian and Harold Demsetz , quoted by Ellerman , Op. Cit. , p. 170 ]
So the employer - employee ( or , to use the old , more correct , terminology , master - servant ) contract is thus a series of unspoken contracts .
However , if an oral contract is not worth the paper it is written on , how valuable is an unspoken one ?
And what does this " re-negotiation of contracts " amount to ?
The employee decides whether to obey the command or leave and the boss decides whether the employee is obedient and productive enough to remain in under his or her control .
Hardly a relationship based on freedom between equal partners !
As such , this capitalist defence of wage labour " is a deceptive way of noting " that the employee is paid to obey .
The contract between them is simply that of obedience on one side and power on the other .
That both sides may break the contract does not alter this fact .
Thus the capitalist workplace " is not democratic in spite of the ' consent of the governed ' to the employment contract . . .
In the employment contract , the workers alienate and transfer their legal rights to the employer to govern their activities ' within the scope of the employment ' to the employer . "
[ David Ellerman , The Democratic Worker - Owned Firm , p. 50 ]
Ultimately , there is one right that cannot be ceded or abandoned , namely the right to personality .
If a person gave up their personality they would cease to be a person yet this is what the employment contract imposes .
To maintain and develop their personality is a basic right of humanity and it cannot be transferred to another , permanently or temporarily .
To argue otherwise would be to admit that under certain circumstances and for certain periods of time a person is not a person but rather a thing to be used by others .
Yet this is precisely what capitalism does due to its hierarchical nature .
This is not all .
Capitalism , by treating labour as analogous to all other commodities denies the key distinction between labour and other " resources " - that is to say its inseparability from its bearer - labour , unlike other " property , " is endowed with will and agency .
Thus when one speaks of selling labour there is a necessary subjugation of will ( hierarchy ) .
As Karl Polanyi writes :
" Labour is only another name for human activity which goes with life itself , which is in turn not produced for sale but for entirely different reasons , nor can that activity be detached from the rest of life itself , be stored or mobilised . . .
To allow the market mechanism to be sole director of the fate of human beings and their natural environment . . . would result in the demolition of society .
For the alleged commodity ' labour power ' cannot be shoved about , used indiscriminately , or even left unused , without affecting also the human individual who happens to be the bearer of this peculiar commodity .
In disposing of a man 's labour power the system would , incidentally , dispose of the physical , psychological , and moral entity ' man ' attached to that tag . "
[ The Great Transformation , p. 72 ]
In other words , labour is much more than the commodity to which capitalism tries to reduce it .
Creative , self - managed work is a source of pride and joy and part of what it means to be fully human .
Wrenching control of work from the hands of the worker profoundly harms his or her mental and physical health .
Indeed , Proudhon went so far as to argue that capitalist companies " plunder the bodies and souls of the wage - workers " and were an " outrage upon human dignity and personality . "
[ Op. Cit. , p. 219 ]
This is because wage labour turns productive activity and the person who does it into a commodity .
People " are not human beings so much as human resources .
To the morally blind corporation , they are tool to generate as much profit as possible .
And ' the tool can be treated just like a piece of metal -- you use it if you want , you throw it away if you do n't want it , ' says Noam Chomsky .
' If you can get human beings to become tool like that , it 's more efficient by some measure of efficiency . . . a measure which is based on dehumanisation .
You have to dehumanise it .
That 's part of the system . ' "
[ Joel Bakan , The Corporation , p. 69 ]
Separating labour from other activities of life and subjecting it to the laws of the market means to annihilate its natural , organic form of existence -- a form that evolved with the human race through tens of thousands of years of co-operative economic activity based on sharing and mutual aid -- and replacing it with an atomistic and individualistic one based on contract and competition .
Unsurprisingly , this relationship is a very recent development and , moreover , the product of substantial state action and coercion ( see section F.8 for some discussion of this ) .
Simply put , " the early labourer . . . abhorred the factory , where he [ or she ] felt degraded and tortured . "
While the state ensured a steady pool of landless workers by enforcing private property rights , the early manufacturers also utilised the state to ensure low wages , primarily for social reasons -- only an overworked and downtrodden labourer with no other options would agree to do whatever their master required of them .
" Legal compulsion and parish serfdom as in England , " noted Polanyi , " the rigors of an absolutist labour police as on the Continent , indented labour as in the early Americas were the prerequisites of the ' willing worker . ' "
[ Op. Cit. , pp. 164-5 ]
Ignoring its origins in state action , the social relationship of wage labour is then claimed by capitalists to be a source of " freedom , " whereas in fact it is a form of ( in ) voluntary servitude ( see sections B.4 and A.2.14 for more discussion ) .
Therefore a libertarian who did not support economic liberty ( i.e. self - government in industry , libertarian socialism ) would be no libertarian at all , and no believer in liberty .
Capitalism is based upon hierarchy and the denial of liberty .
To present it otherwise denies the nature of wage labour .
However , supporters of capitalism try to but -- as Karl Polanyi points out -- the idea that wage labour is based upon some kind of " natural " liberty is false :
" To represent this principle [ wage labour ] as one of non-interference [ with freedom ] , as economic liberals were wont to do , was merely the expression of an ingrained prejudice in favour of a definite kind of interference , namely , such as would destroy non-contractual relations between individuals and prevent their spontaneous re-formation . "
[ Op. Cit. , p.163 ]
As noted above , capitalism itself was created by state violence and the destruction of traditional ways of life and social interaction was part of that task .
From the start , bosses spent considerable time and energy combating attempts of working people to join together to resist the hierarchy they were subjected to and reassert human values .
Such forms of free association between equals ( such as trade unions ) were combated , just as attempts to regulate the worse excesses of the system by democratic governments .
Indeed , capitalists prefer centralised , elitist and / or authoritarian regimes precisely because they are sure to be outside of popular control ( see section B.2.5 ) .
They are the only way that contractual relations based on market power could be enforced on an unwilling population .
Capitalism was born under such states and as well as backing fascist movements , they made high profits in Nazi Germany and Fascist Italy .
Today many corporations " regularly do business with totalitarian and authoritarian regimes -- again , because it is profitable to do so . "
Indeed , there is a " trend by US corporations to invest in " such countries .
[ Joel Bakan , Op. Cit. , p. 89 and p. 185 ]
Perhaps unsurprisingly , as such regimes are best able to enforce the necessary conditions to commodify labour fully .
B.1.3
What kind of hierarchy of values does capitalism create ?
Anarchists argue that capitalism can only have a negative impact on ethical behaviour .
This flows from its hierarchical nature .
We think that hierarchy must , by its very nature , always impact negatively on morality .
As we argued in section A.2.19 , ethics is dependent on both individual liberty and equality between individuals .
Hierarchy violates both and so the " great sources of moral depravity " are " capitalism , religion , justice , government . "
In " the domain of economy , coercion has lead us to industrial servitude ; in the domain of politics to the State . . . [ where ] the nation . . . becomes nothing but a mass of obedient subjects to a central authority . "
This has " contributed and powerfully aided to create all the present economic , political , and social evils " and " has given proof of its absolute impotence to raise the moral level of societies ; it has not even been able to maintain it at the level it had already reached . "
This is unsurprising , as society developed " authoritarian prejudices " and " men become more and more divided into governors and governed , exploiters and exploited , the moral level fell . . . and the spirit of the age declined . "
By violating equality , by rejecting social co-operation between equals in favour of top - down , authoritarian , social relationships which turn some into the tools of others , capitalism , like the state , could not help but erode ethical standards as the " moral level " of society is " debased by the practice of authority . "
[ Kropotkin , Anarchism , pp. 137- 8 , p. 106 and p. 139 ]
However , as we as promoting general unethical behaviour , capitalism produces a specific perverted hierarchy of values -- one that places humanity below property .
As Erich Fromm argues :
" The use [ i.e. exploitation ] of man by man is expressive of the system of values underlying the capitalistic system .
Capital , the dead past , employs labour -- the living vitality and power of the present .
In the capitalistic hierarchy of values , capital stands higher than labour , amassed things higher than the manifestations of life .
Capital employs labour , and not labour capital .
The person who owns capital commands the person who ' only ' owns his life , human skill , vitality and creative productivity .
' Things ' are higher than man .
The conflict between capital and labour is much more than the conflict between two classes , more than their fight for a greater share of the social product .
It is the conflict between two principles of value : that between the world of things , and their amassment , and the world of life and its productivity . "
[ The Sane Society , pp. 94-95 ]
Capitalism only values a person as representing a certain amount of the commodity called " labour power , " in other words , as a thing .
Instead of being valued as an individual -- a unique human being with intrinsic moral and spiritual worth -- only one 's price tag counts .
This replacement of human relationships by economic ones soon results in the replacement of human values by economic ones , giving us an " ethics " of the account book , in which people are valued by how much they earn .
It also leads , as Murray Bookchin argues , to a debasement of human values :
" So deeply rooted is the market economy in our minds that its grubby language has replaced our most hallowed moral and spiritual expressions .
We now ' invest ' in our children , marriages , and personal relationships , a term that is equated with words like ' love ' and ' care . '
We live in a world of ' trade - offs ' and we ask for the ' bottom line ' of any emotional ' transaction . '
We use the terminology of contracts rather than that of loyalties and spiritual affinities . "
[ The Modern Crisis , p. 79 ]
With human values replaced by the ethics of calculation , and with only the laws of market and state " binding " people together , social breakdown is inevitable .
Little wonder modern capitalism has seen a massive increase in crime and dehumanisation under the freer markets established by " conservative " governments , such as those of Thatcher and Reagan and their transnational corporate masters .
We now live in a society where people live in self - constructed fortresses , " free " behind their walls and defences ( both emotional and physical ) .
Of course , some people like the " ethics " of mathematics .
But this is mostly because -- like all gods -- it gives the worshipper an easy rule book to follow .
" Five is greater than four , therefore five is better " is pretty simple to understand .
John Steinbeck noticed this when he wrote :
" Some of them [ the owners ] hated the mathematics that drove them [ to kick the farmers off their land ] , and some were afraid , and some worshipped the mathematics because it provided a refuge from thought and from feeling . "
[ The Grapes of Wrath , p. 34 ]
The debasement of the individual in the workplace , where so much time is spent , necessarily affects a person 's self - image , which in turn carries over into the way he or she acts in other areas of life .
If one is regarded as a commodity at work , one comes to regard oneself and others in that way also .
Thus all social relationships -- and so , ultimately , all individuals -- are commodified .
In capitalism , literally nothing is sacred -- " everything has its price " -- be it dignity , self - worth , pride , honour -- all become commodities up for grabs .
Such debasement produces a number of social pathologies .
" Consumerism " is one example which can be traced directly to the commodification of the individual under capitalism .
To quote Fromm again , " Things have no self , and men who have become things [ i.e. commodities on the labour market ] can have no self . "
[ Op. Cit. , p. 143 ]
However , people still feel the need for selfhood , and so try to fill the emptiness by consuming .
The illusion of happiness , that one 's life will be complete if one gets a new commodity , drives people to consume .
Unfortunately , since commodities are yet more things , they provide no substitute for selfhood , and so the consuming must begin anew .
This process is , of course , encouraged by the advertising industry , which tries to convince us to buy what we do n't need because it will make us popular / sexy / happy / free / etc. ( delete as appropriate ! ) .
But consuming cannot really satisfy the needs that the commodities are bought to satisfy .
Those needs can only be satisfied by social interaction based on truly human values and by creative , self - directed work .
This does not mean , of course , that anarchists are against higher living standards or material goods .
To the contrary , they recognise that liberty and a good life are only possible when one does not have to worry about having enough food , decent housing , and so forth .
Freedom and 16 hours of work a day do not go together , nor do equality and poverty or solidarity and hunger .
However , anarchists consider consumerism to be a distortion of consumption caused by the alienating and inhuman " account book " ethics of capitalism , which crushes the individual and his or her sense of identity , dignity and selfhood .
B.1.4
Why do racism , sexism and homophobia exist ?
Since racism , sexism and homophobia ( hatred / fear of homosexuals ) are institutionalised throughout society , sexual , racial and gay oppression are commonplace .
The primary cause of these three evil attitudes is the need for ideologies that justify domination and exploitation , which are inherent in hierarchy -- in other words , " theories " that " justify " and " explain " oppression and injustice .
As Tacitus said , " We hate those whom we injure . "
Those who oppress others always find reasons to regard their victims as " inferior " and hence deserving of their fate .
Elites need some way to justify their superior social and economic positions .
Since the social system is obviously unfair and elitist , attention must be distracted to other , less inconvenient , " facts , " such as alleged superiority based on biology or " nature . "
Therefore , doctrines of sexual , racial , and ethnic superiority are inevitable in hierarchical , class - stratified societies .
We will take each form of bigotry in turn .
From an economic standpoint , racism is associated with the exploitation of cheap labour at home and imperialism abroad .
Indeed , early capitalist development in both America and Europe was strengthened by the bondage of people , particularly those of African descent .
In the Americas , Australia and other parts of the world the slaughter of the original inhabitants and the expropriation of their land was also a key aspect in the growth of capitalism .
As the subordination of foreign nations proceeds by force , it appears to the dominant nation that it owes its mastery to its special natural qualities , in other words to its " racial " characteristics .
Thus imperialists have frequently appealed to the Darwinian doctrine of " Survival of the Fittest " to give their racism a basis in " nature . "
In Europe , one of the first theories of racial superiority was proposed by Gobineau in the 1850s to establish the natural right of the aristocracy to rule over France .
He argued that the French aristocracy was originally of Germanic origin while the " masses " were Gallic or Celtic , and that since the Germanic race was " superior " , the aristocracy had a natural right to rule .
Although the French " masses " did n't find this theory particularly persuasive , it was later taken up by proponents of German expansion and became the origin of German racial ideology , used to justify Nazi oppression of Jews and other " non-Aryan " types .
Notions of the " white man 's burden " and " Manifest Destiny " developed at about the same time in England and to a lesser extent in America , and were used to rationalise Anglo - Saxon conquest and world domination on a " humanitarian " basis .
Racism and authoritarianism at home and abroad has gone hand in hand .
As Rudolf Rocker argued , " [ a ]ll advocates of the race doctrine have been and are the associates and defenders of every political and social reaction , advocates of the power principle in its most brutal form . . .
He who thinks that he sees in all political and social antagonisms merely blood - determined manifestations of race , denies all conciliatory influence of ideas , all community of ethical feeling , and must at every crisis take refuge in brute force .
In fact , race theory is only the cult of power . "
Racism aids the consolidation of elite power for by attacking " all the achievements . . . in the direction of personal freedom " and the idea of equality " [ n ] o better moral justification could be produced for the industrial bondage which our holders of industrial power keep before them as a picture of the future . "
[ Nationalism and Culture , pp. 337-8 ]
The idea of racial superiority was also found to have great domestic utility .
As Paul Sweezy points out , " [t ] he intensification of social conflict within the advanced capitalist countries .
. . has to be directed as far as possible into innocuous channels -- innocuous , that is to say , from the standpoint of capitalist class rule .
The stirring up of antagonisms along racial lines is a convenient method of directing attention away from class struggle , " which of course is dangerous to ruling - class interests .
[ Theory of Capitalist Development , p. 311 ]
Indeed , employers have often deliberately fostered divisions among workers on racial lines as part of a strategy of " divide and rule " ( in other contexts , like Northern Ireland or Scotland , the employers have used religion in the same way instead ) .
Employers and politicians have often deliberately fostered divisions among workers on racial lines as part of a strategy of " divide and rule . "
In other contexts , like Tzarist Russia , Northern Ireland or Scotland , the employers have used religion in the same way .
In others , immigrants and native born is the dividing line .
The net effect is the same , social oppressions which range from the extreme violence anarchists like Emma Goldman denounced in the American South ( " the atrocities rampant in the South , of negroes lynched , tortured and burned by infuriated crowds without a hand being raised or a word said for their protection " [ Emma Goldman : A Documentary History of the American Years , vol. 1 , p. 386 ] ) or the pogroms against Jews in Tsarist Russia to discrimination in where people can live , what jobs people can get , less pay and so on .
For those in power , this makes perfect sense as racism ( like other forms of bigotry ) can be used to split and divide the working class by getting people to blame others of their class for the conditions they all suffer .
In this way , the anger people feel about the problems they face are turned away from their real causes onto scapegoats .
Thus white workers are subtly ( and sometimes not so subtly ) encouraged , for example , to blame unemployment , poverty and crime on blacks or Hispanics instead of capitalism and the ( white , male ) elites who run it and who directly benefit from low wages and high profits .
Discrimination against racial minorities and women makes sense for capitalism , for in this way profits are enlarged directly and indirectly .
As jobs and investment opportunities are denied to the disadvantaged groups , their wages can be depressed below prevailing levels and profits , correspondingly , increased .
Indirectly , discrimination adds capitalist profits and power by increasing unemployment and setting workers against each other .
Such factors ensure that capitalism will never " compete " discrimination way as some free - market capitalist economists argue .
In other words , capitalism has benefited and will continue to benefit from its racist heritage .
Racism has provided pools of cheap labour for capitalists to draw upon and permitted a section of the population to be subjected to worse treatment , so increasing profits by reducing working conditions and other non-pay related costs .
In America , blacks still get paid less than whites for the same work ( around 10 % less than white workers with the same education , work experience , occupation and other relevent demographic variables ) .
This is transferred into wealth inequalities .
In 1998 , black incomes were 54 % of white incomes while black net worth ( including residential ) was 12 % and nonresidential net worth just 3 % of white .
For Hispanics , the picture was similar with incomes just 62 % of whites , net worth , 4 % and nonresidential net worth 0 % .
While just under 15 % of white households had zero or negative net worth , 27 % of black households and 36 % Hispanic were in the same situation .
Even at similar levels of income , black households were significantly less wealthy than white ones .
[ Doug Henwood , After the New Economy , p. 99 and pp. 125-6 ]
All this means that racial minorities are " subjected to oppression and exploitation on the dual grounds of race and class , and thus have to fight the extra battles against racism and discrimination . "
[ Lorenzo Kom'boa Ervin , Anarchism and the Black Revolution , p. 126 ]
Sexism only required a " justification " once women started to act for themselves and demand equal rights .
Before that point , sexual oppression did not need to be " justified " -- it was " natural " ( saying that , of course , equality between the sexes was stronger before the rise of Christianity as a state religion and capitalism so the " place " of women in society has fallen over the last few hundred years before rising again thanks to the women's movement ) .
The nature of sexual oppression can be seen from marriage .
Emma Goldman pointed out that marriage " stands for the sovereignty of the man over the women , " with her " complete submission " to the husbands " whims and commands . "
[ Red Emma Speaks , p. 164 ]
As Carole Pateman notes , until " the late nineteenth century the legal and civil position of a wife resembled that of a slave .
. .
A slave had no independent legal existence apart from his master , and husband and wife became ' one person , ' the person of the husband . "
Indeed , the law " was based on the assumption that a wife was ( like ) property " and only the marriage contract " includes the explicit commitment to obey . "
[ The Sexual Contract , p. 119 , p. 122 and p. 181 ]
However , when women started to question the assumptions of male domination , numerous theories were developed to explain why women 's oppression and domination by men was " natural . "
Because men enforced their rule over women by force , men's " superiority " was argued to be a " natural " product of their gender , which is associated with greater physical strength ( on the premise that " might makes right " ) .
In the 17th century , it was argued that women were more like animals than men , thus " proving " that women had as much right to equality with men as sheep did .
More recently , elites have embraced socio- biology in response to the growing women 's movement .
By " explaining " women 's oppression on biological grounds , a social system run by men and for men could be ignored .
Women 's subservient role also has economic value for capitalism ( we should note that Goldman considered capitalism to be another " paternal arrangement " like marriage , both of which robbed people of their " birthright , " " stunts " their growth , " poisons " their bodies and keeps people in " ignorance , in poverty and dependence . "
[ Op. Cit. , p. 210 ] ) .
Women often provide necessary ( and unpaid ) labour which keeps the ( usually ) male worker in good condition ; and it is primarily women who raise the next generation of wage - slaves ( again without pay ) for capitalist owners to exploit .
Moreover , women 's subordination gives working - class men someone to look down upon and , sometimes , a convenient target on whom they can take out their frustrations ( instead of stirring up trouble at work ) .
As Lucy Parsons pointed out , a working class woman is " a slave to a slave . "
Sexism , like all forms of bigotry , is reflected in relative incomes and wealth levels .
In the US women , on average , were being paid 57 % the amount men were in 2001 ( an improvement than the 39 % 20 years earlier ) .
Part of this is due to fewer women working than men , but for those who do work outside the home their incomes were 66 % than of men's ( up from 47 % in 1980 and 38 % in 1970 ) .
Those who work full time , their incomes 76 % of men's , up from the 60 % average through most of the 1970s .
However , as with the black - white gap , this is due in part to the stagnant income of male workers ( in 1998 men 's real incomes were just 1 % above 1989 levels while women's were 14 % above ) .
So rather than the increase in income being purely the result of women entering high - paying and largely male occupations and them closing the gender gap , it has also been the result of the intense attacks on the working class since the 1980s which has de-unionised and de-industrialised America .
This has resulted in a lot of high - paying male jobs have been lost and more and more women have entered the job market to make sure their families make ends .
[ Henwood , Op. Cit. , p. 91-2 ]
Turning away from averages , we discover that sexism results in women being paid about 12 % less than men during the same job , with the same relative variables ( like work experience , education and so forth ) .
Needless to say , as with racism , such " relevant variables " are themselves shaped by discrimination .
Women , like blacks , are less likely to get job interviews and jobs .
Sexism even affects types of jobs , for example , " caring " professions pay less than non-caring ones because they are seen as feminine and involve the kinds of tasks which women do at home without pay .
In general , female dominated industries pay less .
In 1998 , occupations that were over 90 % male had a median wage almost 10 % above average while those over 90 % female , almost 25 % below .
One study found that a 30 % increase in women in an occupation translated into a 10 % decline in average pay .
Needless to say , having children is bad economic news for most women ( women with children earn 10 to 15 % less than women without children while for men the opposite is the case ) .
Having maternity level , incidentally , have a far smaller motherhood penalty .
[ Henwood , Op. Cit. , p. 95-7 ]
The oppression of lesbians , gays and bisexuals is inextricably linked with sexism .
A patriarchal , capitalist society cannot see homosexual practices as the normal human variations they are because they blur that society 's rigid gender roles and sexist stereotypes .
Most young gay people keep their sexuality to themselves for fear of being kicked out of home and all gays have the fear that some " straights " will try to kick their sexuality out of them if they express their sexuality freely .
As with those subject to other forms of bigotry , gays are also discriminated against economically ( gay men earning about 4 - 7 % less than the average straight man [ Henwood , Op. Cit. , p. 100 ] ) .
Thus the social oppression which result in having an alternative sexuality are experienced on many different levels , from extreme violence to less pay for doing the same work .
Gays are not oppressed on a whim but because of the specific need of capitalism for the nuclear family .
The nuclear family , as the primary - and inexpensive - creator of submissive people ( growing up within the authoritarian family gets children used to , and " respectful " of , hierarchy and subordination - see section B.1.5 ) as well as provider and carer for the workforce fulfils an important need for capitalism .
Alternative sexualities represent a threat to the family model because they provide a different role model for people .
This means that gays are going to be in the front line of attack whenever capitalism wants to reinforce " family values " ( i.e. submission to authority , " tradition " , " morality " and so on ) .
The introduction of Clause 28 in Britain is a good example of this , with the government making it illegal for public bodies to promote gay sexuality ( i.e. to present it as anything other than a perversion ) .
In American , the right is also seeking to demonise homosexuality as part of their campaign to reinforce the values of the patriarchal family unit and submission to " traditional " authority .
Therefore , the oppression of people based on their sexuality is unlikely to end until sexism is eliminated .
This is not all .
As well as adversely affecting those subject to them , sexism , racism and homophobia are harmful to those who practice them ( and in some way benefit from them ) within the working class itself .
Why this should be the case is obvious , once you think about it .
All three divide the working class , which means that whites , males and heterosexuals hurt themselves by maintaining a pool of low - paid competing labour , ensuring low wages for their own wives , daughters , mothers , relatives and friends .
Such divisions create inferior conditions and wages for all as capitalists gain a competitive advantage using this pool of cheap labour , forcing all capitalists to cut conditions and wages to survive in the market ( in addition , such social hierarchies , by undermining solidarity against the employer on the job and the state possibly create a group of excluded workers who could become scabs during strikes ) .
Also , " privileged " sections of the working class lose out because their wages and conditions are less than those which unity could have won them .
Only the boss really wins .
This can be seen from research into this subject .
The researcher Al Szymanski sought to systematically and scientifically test the proposition that white workers gain from racism [ " Racial Discrimination and White Gain " , in American Sociological Review , vol. 41 , no.
3 , June 1976 , pp. 403-414 ] .
He compared the situation of " white " and " non-white " ( i.e. black , Native American , Asian and Hispanic ) workers in United States and found several key things :
(1 ) the narrower the gap between white and black wages in an American state , the higher white earnings were relative to white earnings elsewhere .
This means that " whites do not benefit economically by economic discrimination .
White workers especially appear to benefit economically from the absence of economic discrimination .
. . both in the absolute level of their earnings and in relative equality among whites . " [ p. 413 ]
In other words , the less wage discrimination there was against black workers , the better were the wages that white workers received .
( 2 ) the more " non-white " people in the population of a given American State , the more inequality there was between whites .
In other words , the existence of a poor , oppressed group of workers reduced the wages of white workers , although it did not affect the earnings of non-working class whites very much ( " the greater the discrimination against [ non - white ] people , the greater the inequality among whites " [ p. 410 ] ) .
So white workers clearly lost economically from this discrimination .
( 3 ) He also found that " the more intense racial discrimination is , the lower are the white earnings because of . . . [ its effect on ] working - class solidarity . " [ p. 412 ]
In other words , racism economically disadvantages white workers because it undermines the solidarity between black and white workers and weakens trade union organisation .
So overall , these white workers receive some apparent privileges from racism , but are in fact screwed by it .
Thus racism and other forms of hierarchy actually works against the interests of those working class people who practice it -- and , by weakening workplace and social unity , benefits the ruling class :
" As long as discrimination exists and racial or ethnic minorities are oppressed , the entire working class is weakened .
This is so because the Capitalist class is able to use racism to drive down the wages of individual segments of the working class by inciting racial antagonism and forcing a fight for jobs and services .
This division is a development that ultimately undercuts the living standards of all workers .
Moreover , by pitting Whites against Blacks and other oppressed nationalities , the Capitalist class is able to prevent workers from uniting against their common enemy .
As long as workers are fighting each other , the Capitalist class is secure . "
[ Lorenzo Kom'boa Ervin , Op. Cit. , pp. 12-3 ]
In addition , a wealth of alternative viewpoints , insights , experiences , cultures , thoughts and so on are denied the racist , sexist or homophobe .
Their minds are trapped in a cage , stagnating within a mono- culture -- and stagnation is death for the personality .
Such forms of oppression are dehumanising for those who practice them , for the oppressor lives as a role , not as a person , and so are restricted by it and cannot express their individuality freely ( and so do so in very limited ways ) .
This warps the personality of the oppressor and impoverishes their own life and personality .
Homophobia and sexism also limits the flexibility of all people , gay or straight , to choose the sexual expressions and relationships that are right for them .
The sexual repression of the sexist and homophobe will hardly be good for their mental health , their relationships or general development .
From the anarchist standpoint , oppression based on race , sex or sexuality will remain forever intractable under capitalism or , indeed , under any economic or political system based on domination and exploitation .
While individual members of " minorities " may prosper , racism as a justification for inequality is too useful a tool for elites to discard .
By using the results of racism ( e.g. poverty ) as a justification for racist ideology , criticism of the status quo can , yet again , be replaced by nonsense about " nature " and " biology . "
Similarly with sexism or discrimination against gays .
The long - term solution is obvious : dismantle capitalism and the hierarchical , economically class - stratified society with which it is bound up .
By getting rid of capitalist oppression and exploitation and its consequent imperialism and poverty , we will also eliminate the need for ideologies of racial or sexual superiority used to justify the oppression of one group by another or to divide and weaken the working class .
However , struggles against bigotry cannot be left until after a revolution .
If they were two things are likely : one , such a revolution would be unlikely to happen and , two , if it were then these problems would more than likely remain in the new society created by it .
Therefore the negative impacts of inequality can and must be fought in the here and now , like any form of hierarchy .
Indeed , as we discuss in more detail section B.1.6 by doing so we make life a bit better in the here and now as well as bringing the time when such inequalities are finally ended nearer .
Only this can ensure that we can all live as free and equal individuals in a world without the blights of sexism , racism , homophobia or religious hatred .
Needless to say , anarchists totally reject the kind of " equality " that accepts other kinds of hierarchy , that accepts the dominant priorities of capitalism and the state and accedes to the devaluation of relationships and individuality in name of power and wealth .
There is a kind of " equality " in having " equal opportunities , " in having black , gay or women bosses and politicians , but one that misses the point .
Saying " Me too ! " instead of " What a mess ! " does not suggest real liberation , just different bosses and new forms of oppression .
We need to look at the way society is organised , not at the sex , colour , nationality or sexuality of who is giving the orders !
B.1.5 How is the mass - psychological basis for authoritarian civilisation created ?
We noted in section A.3.6 that hierarchical , authoritarian institutions tend to be self - perpetuating , because growing up under their influence creates submissive / authoritarian personalities -- people who both " respect " authority ( based on fear of punishment ) and desire to exercise it themselves on subordinates .
Individuals with such a character structure do not really want to dismantle hierarchies , because they are afraid of the responsibility entailed by genuine freedom .
It seems " natural " and " right " to them that society 's institutions , from the authoritarian factory to the patriarchal family , should be pyramidal , with an elite at the top giving orders while those below them merely obey .
Thus we have the spectacle of so - called " Libertarians " and " anarcho " capitalists bleating about " liberty " while at the same time advocating factory fascism and privatised states .
In short , authoritarian civilisation reproduces itself with each generation because , through an intricate system of conditioning that permeates every aspect of society , it creates masses of people who support the status quo .
Wilhelm Reich has given one of the most thorough analyses of the psychological processes involved in the reproduction of authoritarian civilisation .
Reich based his analysis on four of Freud 's most solidly grounded discoveries , namely , ( 1 ) that there exists an unconscious part of the mind which has a powerful though irrational influence on behaviour ; ( 2 ) that even the small child develops a lively " genital " sexuality , i.e. a desire for sexual pleasure which has nothing to do with procreation ; ( 3 ) that childhood sexuality along with the Oedipal conflicts that arise in parent - child relations under monogamy and patriarchy are usually repressed through fear of punishment or disapproval for sexual acts and thoughts ; ( 4 ) that this blocking of the child 's natural sexual activity and extinguishing it from memory does not weaken its force in the unconscious , but actually intensifies it and enables it to manifest itself in various pathological disturbances and anti-social drives ; and ( 5 ) that , far from being of divine origin , human moral codes are derived from the educational measures used by the parents and parental surrogates in earliest childhood , the most effective of these being the ones opposed to childhood sexuality .
By studying Bronislaw Malinowsli's research on the Trobriand Islanders , a woman - centred ( matricentric ) society in which children 's sexual behaviour was not repressed and in which neuroses and perversions as well as authoritarian institutions and values were almost non-existent , Reich came to the conclusion that patriarchy and authoritarianism originally developed when tribal chieftains began to get economic advantages from a certain type of marriage ( " cross- cousin marriages " ) entered into by their sons .
In such marriages , the brothers of the son's wife were obliged to pay a dowry to her in the form of continuous tribute , thus enriching her husband 's clan ( i.e. the chief 's ) .
By arranging many such marriages for his sons ( which were usually numerous due to the chief 's privilege of polygamy ) , the chief 's clan could accumulate wealth .
Thus society began to be stratified into ruling and subordinate clans based on wealth .
To secure the permanence of these " good " marriages , strict monogamy was required .
However , it was found that monogamy was impossible to maintain without the repression of childhood sexuality , since , as statistics show , children who are allowed free expression of sexuality often do not adapt successfully to life - long monogamy .
Therefore , along with class stratification and private property , authoritarian child - rearing methods were developed to inculcate the repressive sexual morality on which the new patriarchal system depended for its reproduction .
Thus there is a historical correlation between , on the one hand , pre-patriarchal society , primitive libertarian communism ( or " work democracy , " to use Reich 's expression ) , economic equality , and sexual freedom , and on the other , patriarchal society , a private - property economy , economic class stratification , and sexual repression .
As Reich puts it :
" Every tribe that developed from a [ matricentric ] to a patriarchal organisation had to change the sexual structure of its members to produce a sexuality in keeping with its new form of life .
This was a necessary change because the shifting of power and of wealth from the democratic gens [ maternal clans ] to the authoritarian family of the chief was mainly implemented with the help of the suppression of the sexual strivings of the people .
It was in this way that sexual suppression became an essential factor in the division of society into classes .
" Marriage , and the lawful dowry it entailed , became the axis of the transformation of the one organisation into the other .
In view of the fact that the marriage tribute of the wife 's gens to the man 's family strengthened the male 's , especially the chief 's , position of power , the male members of the higher ranking gens and families developed a keen interest in making the nuptial ties permanent .
At this stage , in other words , only the man had an interest in marriage .
In this way natural work - democracy 's simple alliance , which could be easily dissolved at any time , was transformed into the permanent and monogamous marital relationship of patriarchy .
The permanent monogamous marriage became the basic institution of patriarchal society -- which it still is today .
To safeguard these marriages , however , it was necessary to impose greater and greater restrictions upon and to depreciate natural genital strivings . "
[ The Mass Psychology of Fascism , p. 90 ]
The suppression of natural sexuality involved in this transformation from matricentric to patriarchal society created various anti-social drives ( sadism , destructive impulses , rape fantasies , etc. ) , which then also had to be suppressed through the imposition of a compulsive morality , which took the place the natural self - regulation that one finds in pre-patriarchal societies .
In this way , sex began to be regarded as " dirty , " " diabolical , " " wicked , " etc. -- which it had indeed become through the creation of secondary drives .
Thus :
" The patriarchal - authoritarian sexual order that resulted from the revolutionary processes of latter - day [ matricentrism ] ( economic independence of the chief 's family from the maternal gens , a growing exchange of goods between the tribes , development of the means of production , etc. ) becomes the primary basis of authoritarian ideology by depriving the women , children , and adolescents of their sexual freedom , making a commodity of sex and placing sexual interests in the service of economic subjugation .
From now on , sexuality is indeed distorted ; it becomes diabolical and demonic and has to be curbed . "
[ Reich , Op. Cit. , p. 88 ]
Once the beginnings of patriarchy are in place , the creation of a fully authoritarian society based on the psychological crippling of its members through sexual suppression follows :
" The moral inhibition of the child 's natural sexuality , the last stage of which is the severe impairment of the child 's genital sexuality , makes the child afraid , shy , fearful of authority , obedient , ' good , ' and ' docile ' in the authoritarian sense of the words .
It has a crippling effect on man 's rebellious forces because every vital life - impulse is now burdened with severe fear ; and since sex is a forbidden subject , thought in general and man 's critical faculty also become inhibited .
In short , morality 's aim is to produce acquiescent subjects who , despite distress and humiliation , are adjusted to the authoritarian order .
Thus , the family is the authoritarian state in miniature , to which the child must learn to adapt himself as a preparation for the general social adjustment required of him later .
Man 's authoritarian structure -- this must be clearly established -- is basically produced by the embedding of sexual inhibitions and fear . "
[ Reich , Op. Cit. , p. 30 ]
In this way , by damaging the individual 's power to rebel and think for him / herself , the inhibition of childhood sexuality -- and indeed other forms of free , natural expression of bioenergy ( e.g. shouting , crying , running , jumping , etc. ) -- becomes the most important weapon in creating reactionary personalities .
This is why every reactionary politician puts such an emphasis on " strengthening the family " and promoting " family values " ( i.e. patriarchy , compulsive monogamy , premarital chastity , corporal punishment , etc. ) .
In the words of Reich :
" Since authoritarian society reproduces itself in the individual structures of the masses with the help of the authoritarian family , it follows that political reaction has to regard and defend the authoritarian family as the basis of the ' state , culture , and civilisation .
. . .'
[ It is ] political reaction 's germ cell , the most important centre for the production of reactionary men and women .
Originating and developing from definite social processes , it becomes the most essential institution for the preservation of the authoritarian system that shapes it . "
[ Op. Cit. , pp. 104-105 ]
The family is the most essential institution for this purpose because children are most vulnerable to psychological maiming in their first few years , from the time of birth to about six years of age , during which time they are mostly in the charge of their parents .
The schools and churches then continue the process of conditioning once the children are old enough to be away from their parents , but they are generally unsuccessful if the proper foundation has not been laid very early in life by the parents .
Thus A.S. Neill observes that " the nursery training is very like the kennel training .
The whipped child , like the whipped puppy , grows into an obedient , inferior adult .
And as we train our dogs to suit our own purposes , so we train our children .
In that kennel , the nursery , the human dogs must be clean ; they must feed when we think it convenient for them to feed .
I saw a hundred thousand obedient , fawning dogs wag their tails in the Templehof , Berlin , when in 1935 , the great trainer Hitler whistled his commands . "
[ Summerhill : a Radical Approach to Child Rearing , p. 100 ]
The family is also the main agency of repression during adolescence , when sexual energy reaches its peak .
This is because the vast majority of parents provide no private space for adolescents to pursue undisturbed sexual relationships with their partners , but in fact actively discourage such behaviour , often ( as in fundamentalist Christian families ) demanding complete abstinence -- at the very time when abstinence is most impossible !
Moreover , since teenagers are economically dependent on their parents under capitalism , with no societal provision of housing or dormitories allowing for sexual freedom , young people have no alternative but to submit to irrational parental demands for abstention from premarital sex .
This in turn forces them to engage in furtive sex in the back seats of cars or other out - of - the - way places where they cannot relax or obtain full sexual satisfaction .
As Reich found , when sexuality is repressed and laden with anxiety , the result is always some degree of what he terms " orgastic impotence " : the inability to fully surrender to the flow of energy discharged during orgasm .
Hence there is an incomplete release of sexual tension , which results in a state of chronic bioenergetic stasis .
Such a condition , Reich found , is the breeding ground for neuroses and reactionary attitudes .
( For further details see the section J.6 ) .
In this connection it is interesting to note that " primitive " societies , such as the Trobriand Islanders , prior to their developing patriarchal - authoritarian institutions , provided special community houses where teenagers could go with their partners to enjoy undisturbed sexual relationships -- and this with society 's full approval .
Such an institution would be taken for granted in an anarchist society , as it is implied by the concept of freedom .
( For more on adolescent sexual liberation , see section J.6.8 . )
Nationalistic feelings can also be traced to the authoritarian family .
A child 's attachment to its mother is , of course , natural and is the basis of all family ties .
Subjectively , the emotional core of the concepts of homeland and nation are mother and family , since the mother is the homeland of the child , just as the family is the " nation in miniature . "
According to Reich , who carefully studied the mass appeal of Hitler 's " National Socialism , " nationalistic sentiments are a direct continuation of the family tie and are rooted in a fixated tie to the mother .
As Reich points out , although infantile attachment to the mother is natural , fixated attachment is not , but is a social product .
In puberty , the tie to the mother would make room for other attachments , i.e. , natural sexual relations , if the unnatural sexual restrictions imposed on adolescents did not cause it to be eternalised .
It is in the form of this socially conditioned externalisation that fixation on the mother becomes the basis of nationalist feelings in the adult ; and it is only at this stage that it becomes a reactionary social force .
Later writers who have followed Reich in analysing the process of creating reactionary character structures have broadened the scope of his analysis to include other important inhibitions , besides sexual ones , that are imposed on children and adolescents .
Rianne Eisler , for example , in her book Sacred Pleasure , stresses that it is not just a sex- negative attitude but a pleasure - negative attitude that creates the kinds of personalities in question .
Denial of the value of pleasurable sensations permeates our unconscious , as reflected , for example , in the common idea that to enjoy the pleasures of the body is the " animalistic " ( and hence " bad " ) side of human nature , as contrasted with the " higher " pleasures of the mind and " spirit . "
By such dualism , which denies a spiritual aspect to the body , people are made to feel guilty about enjoying any pleasurable sensations -- a conditioning that does , however , prepare them for lives based on the sacrifice of pleasure ( or indeed , even of life itself ) under capitalism and statism , with their requirements of mass submission to alienated labour , exploitation , military service to protect ruling - class interests , and so on .
And at the same time , authoritarian ideology emphasises the value of suffering , as for example through the glorification of the tough , insensitive warrior hero , who suffers ( and inflicts " necessary " suffering on others ) for the sake of some pitiless ideal .
Eisler also points out that there is " ample evidence that people who grow up in families where rigid hierarchies and painful punishments are the norm learn to suppress anger toward their parents .
There is also ample evidence that this anger is then often deflected against traditionally disempowered groups ( such as minorities , children , and women ) . "
[ Sacred Pleasure , p. 187 ]
This repressed anger then becomes fertile ground for reactionary politicians , whose mass appeal usually rests in part on scapegoating minorities for society 's problems .
As the psychologist Else Frenkel - Brunswick documents in The Authoritarian Personality , people who have been conditioned through childhood abuse to surrender their will to the requirements of feared authoritarian parents , also tend to be very susceptible as adults to surrender their will and minds to authoritarian leaders .
" In other words , " Frenkel - Brunswick summarises , " at the same time that they learn to deflect their repressed rage against those they perceive as weak , they also learn to submit to autocratic or ' strong - man ' rule .
Moreover , having been severely punished for any hint of rebellion ( even ' talking back ' about being treated unfairly ) , they gradually also learn to deny to themselves that there was anything wrong with what was done to them as children -- and to do it in turn to their own children . "
[ The Authoritarian Personality , p. 187 ]
These are just some of the mechanisms that perpetuate the status quo by creating the kinds of personalities who worship authority and fear freedom .
Consequently , anarchists are generally opposed to traditional child - rearing practices , the patriarchal - authoritarian family ( and its " values " ) , the suppression of adolescent sexuality , and the pleasure - denying , pain - affirming attitudes taught by the Church and in most schools .
In place of these , anarchists favour non-authoritarian , non-repressive child - rearing practices and educational methods ( see sections J.6 and secJ.5.13 , respectively ) whose purpose is to prevent , or at least minimise , the psychological crippling of individuals , allowing them instead to develop natural self - regulation and self - motivated learning .
This , we believe , is the only way to for people to grow up into happy , creative , and truly freedom - loving individuals who will provide the psychological ground where anarchist economic and political institutions can flourish .
B.1.6 Can hierarchy be ended ?
Faced with the fact that hierarchy , in its many distinctive forms , has been with us such a long time and so negatively shapes those subject to it , some may conclude that the anarchist hope of ending it , or even reducing it , is little more than a utopian dream .
Surely , it will be argued , as anarchists acknowledge that those subject to a hierarchy adapt to it this automatically excludes the creation of people able to free themselves from it ?
Anarchists disagree .
Hierarchy can be ended , both in specific forms and in general .
A quick look at the history of the human species shows that this is the case .
People who have been subject to monarchy have ended it , creating republics where before absolutism reigned .
Slavery and serfdom have been abolished .
Alexander Berkman simply stated the obvious when he pointed out that " many ideas , once held to be true , have come to be regarded as wrong and evil .
Thus the ideas of divine right of kings , of slavery and serfdom .
There was a time when the whole world believed those institutions to be right , just , and unchangeable . "
However , they became " discredited and lost their hold upon the people , and finally the institutions that incorporated those ideas
Tenth Amendment Center , Firedoglake Publisher Join Drug Policy Organizations ’ Condemnation of Recent Raids
WASHINGTON — Two ideologically diverse advocates today echoed an earlier call by a coalition of drug - policy reform groups by condemning a series of recent raids by the Drug Enforcement Administration on medical marijuana collectives that were operating legally under state law .
The Tenth Amendment Center , a group that advocates on behalf of states ’ rights , and Jane Hamsher , the publisher of Firedoglake.com , called on the DEA to respect duly adopted state medical marijuana laws and immediately end these raids .
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
“ The federal government is only authorized to exercise those powers that ‘ We the People ’ delegated to it in the Constitution .
Included among the myriad of constitutional violations from D.C. are federal laws that ban the use of cannabis , ” said Michael Boldin , founder of the Tenth Amendment Center .
“ It is especially egregious when these laws are used to justify raids in states where the use and distribution of cannabis is expressly allowed by law .
How many hundreds of thousands of people are going to be arrested before We the People say ‘ enough is enough ’ ?
The time to end this unconstitutional , immoral , and costly federal war on people is now . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
Under the leadership of acting - administrator Michele Leonhart , the DEA has staged medical marijuana raids in apparent disregard of Attorney General Eric Holder 's directive to respect state medical marijuana laws .
Most recently , DEA agents flouted a pioneering Mendocino County ( CA ) ordinance to regulate medical marijuana cultivation by raiding the very first grower to register with the sheriff .
Joy Greenfield , 69 , had paid more than $ 1,000 for a permit to cultivate 99 plants in a collective garden that had been inspected and approved by the local sheriff .
Informed that Ms. Greenfield had the support of the sheriff , the DEA agent in charge responded by saying , “ I do n’t care what the sheriff says . ”
The DEA 's conduct is inconsistent with an October 2009 Department of Justice memo directing officials not to prosecute individuals “ whose actions are in clear and unambiguous compliance with existing state laws providing for the medical use of marijuana . ”
“ At least 73 % of Americans support medical marijuana , according to recent polls , and its use has been made legal in 14 states plus the District of Columbia , ” said Jane Hamsher , publisher of progressive political blog and advocacy group Firedoglake.com .
“ Attorney General Eric Holder was crystal clear last year when he directed officials within his department not to waste federal resources interfering with state medical marijuana laws .
Yet throughout the tenure of President Obama ’s administration , the DEA ’s raids have continued in a manner wholly inconsistent with the spirit of that directive .
What part of ‘ not a priority ’ does Michele Leonhart not understand ? ”
“ We are pleased that opposition to the DEA ’s over - aggressive behavior is spreading across the political spectrum , ” said Steve Fox , director of government relations for the Marijuana Policy Project .
“ The agency is defiantly sending agents on missions to destroy the private property of citizens who are in full compliance with state medical marijuana laws .
In doing so , the DEA is intentionally undermining the will of state voters and lawmakers who have acted to ensure that medical marijuana patients are no longer treated as criminals .
Such acts are not just an insult to advocates of medical marijuana – but also demonstrate a desire to flaunt the power of the federal government in a manner that denies states the right to pass and carry out laws in the best interest of its own citizens . ”
Based in large part on these recent raids , a coalition of drug policy organizations — including MPP , NORML , California NORML , the Drug Policy Alliance , Law Enforcement Against Prohibition , and Students for Sensible Drug Policy — last week called on President Obama to withdraw the nomination of Ms. Leonhart to be the permanent head of the DEA .
undefined
Believe it or not , BART is spending $ 800,000 to come up with a definition of just what constitutes a " major service change . "
Most of us would simply reach for a dictionary , but BART has to make the feds happy , and that means a three - month process that includes :
-- Holding 35 community meetings .
-- Hiring a small army of translators to staff the meetings .
-- Bringing in a crew of six - figure consultants to manage the meetings and issue the obligatory reports .
" We 're just trying to cover all our bases , " said BART spokesman Linton Johnson .
It all started a few months back when the Federal Transit Administration nixed $ 70 million in stimulus money that would have helped BART build a people - mover line from the Coliseum Station to Oakland International Airport .
The feds said BART had n't considered what impact possible higher fares and a " major service change " would have on low - income , minority and limited - English - speaking riders .
The oversight amounted to a violation of Title VI of the Civil Rights Act and could jeopardize more than $ 100 million in future funding for the airport line , plus other projects .
Stunned BART officials decided then and there to follow the feds ' guidelines to the letter - and the first stop was to make sure they knew the exact definition of " major service change . "
First : 17 public meetings all over the Bay Area to identify the low - income , minority and limited - English - speaking riders they needed to hear from .
That meant hiring a consultant at a cost of about $ 100,000 to organize the meetings and issue a 28 - page " public participation plan . "
To make sure everyone was heard , BART had to provide foreign language translators - with a minimum of two for every language spoken .
At one meeting in Richmond , a dozen translators speaking six languages were on hand , at a cost of about $ 7,200 .
Once BART officials decided whom they should talk with , they had to actually talk with them .
That meant another 18 community meetings - now under way - at which riders are being asked their opinion of what constitutes a major service change .
That means more consultants and yet another report - and another $ 200,000 in costs .
Toss in room rentals , day care for riders ' kids at the meetings , food and other extras , and the final bill is expected to run about $ 800,000 .
Plus , BART is adding at least two full - time staffers to its civil rights department - estimated cost , $ 200,000 - plus - to make sure the transit agency complies with the feds ' updated Title VI rules and avoids future derailments .
For the record , if you 're wondering what BART does consider the definition of a major service change - tentatively , it 's any change in routes that affects 25 percent of its service .
Oops : The San Francisco Police Department dispatched more than half its day shift of beat cops to protect President Obamaduring his recent visit to the city .
How do we know this ?
Because the cops mistakenly faxed their hush - hush game plan for protecting the leader of the free world to the Coalition on Homelessness the day before Obama landed .
" One of our volunteers was at the fax machine waiting to send something when it arrived .
She picked it up and said , ' Oh , my God , ' " said Bob Offer - Westort , civil rights organizer for the coalition .
The seven - page fax included a breakdown of the cops assigned to the president - including 114 uniformed officers , 30 tactical officers , 25 officers from the criminal intelligence unit and 17 cops on motorcycles .
The memo also contained the president 's itinerary , locations of the various police staging areas and phone numbers .
" We held onto it , " Offer - Westort said .
" We did n't want to compromise the security . "
" It was an internal error that has since been corrected , " said police spokeswoman Lt. Lyn Tomioka .
Power failure : Pacific Gas and Electric Co. spent $ 45 million blanketing California with TV , radio , newspaper and Web ads supporting Proposition 16 , knowing all along it was sinking .
Campaign insiders tell us the idea of requiring two - thirds voter approval for cities to launch their own green power initiatives polled favorably out of the gate - 48 percent to 32 percent .
In March , however , Attorney General Jerry Brown issued the official ballot label - describing Prop. 16 as " imposing " a two - thirds vote requirement .
Support for the initiative flipped to 35 percent " yes " and 40 percent " no . "
Despite million of dollars in TV ads , " nothing moved " until the final week , said David Townsend , the chief Prop. 16 consultant .
And even then , not by much .
End game - 52.3 percent " no " to 47.7 percent " yes . "
And $ 45 million down the drain .
EXTRA !
Catch our blog at www.sfgate.com/matierandross.
Ecco perché bisogna fermarla
di ROBERTO SAVIANOLa
Legge bavaglio non è una legge che difende la privacy del cittadino , al contrario , è una legge che difende la privacy del potere .
Non intesa come privacy degli uomini di potere , ma dei loro affari , anzi malaffari .
Quando si discute di intercettazioni bisogna sempre affidarsi ad una premessa naturale quanto necessaria .
La privacy è sacra , è uno dei pilastri del diritto e della convivenza civile .
Ma qui non siamo di fronte a una legge che difende la riservatezza delle persone , i loro dialoghi , il loro intimo comunicare .
Questa legge risponde al meccanismo mediatico che conosce come funziona l'informazione e soprattutto l'informazione in Italia .
Pubblicare le intercettazioni soltanto quando c'è il rinvio a giudizio genera un enorme vuoto che riguarda proprio quel segmento di informazioni che non può essere reso di dominio pubblico .
Questo sembra essere il vero obiettivo : impedire alla stampa , nell ' immediato , di usare quei dati che poi , a distanza di tempo , non avrebbe più senso pubblicare .
In questo modo le informazioni veicolate rimarranno sempre monche , smozzicate , incomprensibili .
L'obiettivo è impedire il racconto di ciò che accade , mascherando questo con l'interesse di tutelare la privacy dei cittadini .
Chiunque ha una esperienza anche minima nei meccanismi di intercettazione nel mondo della criminalità organizzata sa che vengono registrati centinaia di dettagli , storie di tradimenti , inutili al fine dell ' inchiesta e nulle per la pubblicazione .
Il terrore che ha il potere politico e imprenditorialeè quello di vedere pubblicati invece elementi che in poche battute permettono di dimostrare come si costruisce il meccanismo del potere .
Non solo come si configura un reato .
Per esempio l'inchiesta del dicembre 2007 che portò alla famosa intercettazione di Berlusconi con Saccà ha visto una quantità infinita di intercettazioni di dettagli privati , di cui in molti erano a conoscenza ma nessuna di queste è stata pubblicata oltre quelle necessarie per definire il contesto di uno scambio di favori tra politica e Rai .
La stessa maggioranza che approva un decreto che tronca la libertà di informazione in nome della difesa della privacy decide attraverso la Vigilanza Rai di pubblicare nei titoli di coda il compenso degli ospiti e dei conduttori .
Sembra un gesto cristallino .
E ' il contrario .
E non solo perché in una economia di mercato il compenso è determinato dal mercato e non da un calcolo etico .
In questo modo i concorrenti della Rai sapranno quanto la Rai paga , quindi il meccanismo avvantaggerà le tv non di Stato .
Mediaset potrà conoscere i compensi e regolarsi di conseguenza .
Ma la straordinaria notizia che viene a controbilanciare quella assai tragica dell ' approvazione della legge sulle intercettazioni è che il lettore , lo spettatore , quando comprende cosa sta accadendo diviene cittadino , ossia pretende di essere informato .
Migliaia di persone sono indignate e impegnate a mostrare il loro dissenso , la volontà e la speranza di poter impedire che questa legge mutili per sempre il rapporto che c'è tra i giornali e i suoi lettori : la voglia di capire , conoscere , farsi un'opinione .
Non vogliamo essere privati di ciò .
Mandare messaggi ai giornali , mostrarsi imbavagliati , non sono gesti facili , scontati .
Non sono gesti che permettono di sentirsi impegnati .
Sono la premessa dell ' impegno .
L'intento d'azione è spesso l'azione stessa .
Il dichiararsi non solo contrari in nome della possibilità di critica ma preoccupati che quello che sta accadendo distrugga uno strumento fondamentale per conoscere i fatti .
La legge che imbavaglia , viene contrastata da migliaia di voci .
Voci che dimostrano che non tutto è concluso , non tutto è determinabile dal palinsesto che viene dato agli italiani quotidianamente .
Ogni persona che in questo momento prende parte a questa battaglia civile , sta permettendo di salvare il racconto del paese , di dare possibilità al giornalismo - e non agli sciacalli del ricatto - di resistere .
In una parola sta difendendo la democrazia .
©2010 Roberto Saviano / Agenzia Santachiara
Torres Anfield shock : I can do no more to keep striker at Liverpool , admits Hodgson
By Sportsmail Reporter
Liverpool manager Roy Hodgson is hoping Fernando Torres will follow captain Steven Gerrard 's example and publicly commit himself to the club .
However , the Englishman admits he has no idea what the current situation is with the Spain international .
Gerrard returned to training this week after his break following the World Cup and put an end to speculation about his future by stressing how much he was looking forward to playing alongside new signing Joe Cole next season .
Divided : Steven Gerrard has committed his future to Liverpool but Fernando Torres is yet to follow suit
The Liverpool manager now hopes Torres , whom he briefly met for the first time last week , will follow suit .
Asked whether he could provide an update on discussions with the 26 - year - old , who has been linked with Manchester City , Chelsea and Barcelona , Hodgson said : ' No , but Christian Purslow ( managing director ) might be able to if you got hold of him .
Head - scratcher : Roy Hodgson has n't had an easy ride of it since joining Liverpool
' I have n't spoken to him for the last two days ; he 's been travelling back from Spain where he 's been on holiday .
' His holiday has also been taken up a lot of time by discussions with Fernando and his people , so I 'm afraid the only person who can give you the type of details you require is Christian .
It would be wrong of me to say too much . '
Hodgson said he would ideally like Torres to follow Gerrard 's example by pledging his future to the club .
' That 's what I 'm hoping for , ' he said .
' I made it clear from my point of view I 'm really looking forward to working with him and I believe he 's a key figure at the club .
' I obviously want him to be a part of the team we 're trying to build here and I can only hope he 'll buy into what the club is offering him .
' I do n't think there are any worries with him in terms of me personally or what we 're doing .
' I think the concerns go back once again to the time before I came to the club . '
The latest Daft.ie House Price Report was released this morning .
Its headline finding is that asking prices fell by a further 4 % during the second quarter of the year .
Overall , prices are now 40 % below the peak in Dublin and 34 % below the peak elsewhere .
Three years into the property downturn , how should we take its findings ?
Economists think about prices and quantities .
On both prices and quantities , pessimists and optimists will find fodder .
In relation to prices , pessimists will point out that this is a larger fall than what was seen in the first three months of the year .
Optimists will point out that the falls in 2010 are smaller ( in percentage and in euro terms ) than those seen in late 2008 and throughout 2009 .
Prices are just one half of the equation .
While there is plenty of debate about whether the sustainable level of prices is above or below where we are now , everyone is I ’m sure in agreement that the sustainable level of transactions is well above what we ’re currently seeing .
If a steady volume of transactions is good news , optimists will point to the fact that one in four properties posted in April is already either sold or sale agreed , while about half of properties listed in January are already sold or sale agreed .
Pessimists , however , will point to the total stock of properties for sale – over 60,000 – and point out as well that the stock for sale has risen again since the start of the year .
Here are couple of other facts that strike me about the latest report :
Falling ( more ) slowly :
The year - on - year rate of falls , while still sharply negative ( - 16.4 % ) , is at its slowest in 15 months .
: The year - on - year rate of falls , while still sharply negative ( - 16.4 % ) , is at its slowest in 15 months .
On again , off again :
In a number of parts of the country , sellers seem to have adopted a strategy of cut - twice - a- year , with substantial cuts in one quarter followed by largely static prices in the next .
This quarter , prices in Laois , Offaly , Clare , Cavan and Donegal fell , after being largely stable in the first quarter .
Meanwhile , Carlow , Louth , Tipperary and Galway are taking relative breathers in their descent , following sharpers falls in the first quarter .
: In a number of parts of the country , sellers seem to have adopted a strategy of cut - twice - a- year , with substantial cuts in one quarter followed by largely static prices in the next .
This quarter , prices in Laois , Offaly , Clare , Cavan and Donegal fell , after being largely stable in the first quarter .
Meanwhile , Carlow , Louth , Tipperary and Galway are taking relative breathers in their descent , following sharpers falls in the first quarter .
Culchies vs. jackeens : Prices in Dublin city centre are now almost 50 % down from peak levels – the full average fall is 48.4 % .
By contrast , asking prices in many rural parts of Munster are down just 26 % from peak levels .
This suggests that Dublin and its relatively more active market may be acting as a national pace - setter .
It also strengthens my suspicion that Dublin in particular and the cities in general will bottom out before other parts of the market .
The commentary on the report is given by Jim Power .
Jim gives a frank assessment of the challenges facing the Irish economy .
In particular he talks towards the end about the need for a property tax , a phrase that seems to send shivers down the spines of many in Ireland .
Based on what was reported last week , Chris Andrews , a Fianna Fail TD representing some of the wealthiest citizens in the country , appears to have convinced the Government to shelve their plans for a property tax to replace stamp duty .
Those arguing against a property tax are essentially saying that the Government should not respond to the virtual disappearance of what was at the peak close to € 10bn in revenues from the property market , across VAT , stamp duties and capital taxes .
The graph below shows estimated tax revenues from the property market from 2001 to this year .
Revenues rose from € 3bn in 2001 - 2002 to €9bn in 2006 - 2007 .
Since then , they have collapsed and look like coming in below € 2bn this year .
The graph also shows an estimate of the all - in income tax rate in Ireland over the same period .
Tax revenues from the property market and all - in income taxes , 2001 - 2010
It ’s worth recapping what the over - reliance on property tax revenues did for the rest of the taxation system .
Each year , the OECD calculates the all - in average tax rate for workers , across four stylised households all earning the median industrial wage ( single no kids , single two kids , married no kids , married two kids ) .
In 2001 , the average tax paid by those four households in Ireland was just under 9 % .
With the OECD average at over 20 % , this made Ireland a very attractive place to work .
Over the coming years , however , Ireland ’s taxation system went from attractive to kamikaze .
By 2007 , the average tax rate paid by our four households was negative : - 0.2 % !
While people often talk about having to bring the low paid back into the tax net , really the focus should be on ensuring those on average pay in Ireland contribute .
It looks like the crisis has finally woken the Government up to this .
The reason that the Government was in a position to do this was because Ireland ’s property - led boom was masking the increasing unsustainability of Ireland ’s income tax system .
Property - related tax revenues increased by almost € 7bn between 2001 and 2006 .
Income tax , which gave three times as much revenue to the State at the start of the decade , increased in the same period by only half that amount .
The result was that , of the € 45.5 bn taken in in taxes in 2006 , property taxes contributed almost as much as income taxes !
This is clearly no way to run a taxation system .
Naturally , there is going to be some element of cyclicality about taxes .
In fact , a well designed taxation system will have some element of automatic stabilisation , where tax revenues fall in hard times to give the economy some breathing space .
However , a collapse of € 8bn in tax revenues from the property market is a signal , if ever we needed one , that we got it wrong .
Let ’s leave VAT revenues from the property market aside for the moment .
( That should have been a lot more stable than it was – but for a completely different reason , namely better management of Ireland ’s housing output . )
Figures from the OECD suggest that a little less than 10 % of core tax revenues ( excluding social insurance ) comes from property taxes in most developed countries .
I think it ’s reasonable to say that the government ’s aim should be to get the Irish government finances looking a little more like a regular OECD economy ’s , over the coming five years .
Also , it will be trying to raise its core tax revenues up from their current 2003 level of € 31bn to perhaps € 40bn , which is more or less the 2005 level .
Therefore , bearing in mind the contribution that capital taxes could make in a healthy market ( probably about € 0.75 bn ) , we should be looking to have a property tax contribute somewhere close to €3bn .
A year ago , I outlined a number of reasons why Ireland should adopt an Obama - esque “ Yes We Can ” attitude to property taxes – as well as how to deal with issues like those who have paid a lot in stamp duty recently .
At the time , I made a case – based on the sheer arithmetic of it all – for a very straightforward tax on the value of a property .
The Department of Finance is understood to favour a variant of such a tax , namely a set tax for prices within particular bands .
One argument against property taxes is that they would take a long time to implement .
This type of tax could realistically be put in , complete with valuation website where people can find out an estimate of how much their property is worth right now , in the space of a week .
My opinion now , though , is that Ireland needs to put in place a smarter tax , one that does n’t mess with the incentive people should have to invest in their home and make it worth more .
For this , Ireland needs to put in place a land value tax .
A land value tax , where you pay an annual amount based on the value of the land you hold , not the value of what ’s on the land , is the fairest way of implementing a tax .
It also prevents land - hoarding and should reduce the likelihood of further property bubbles .
A land value tax could be brought in perhaps not overnight , but also relatively quickly .
There are a range of other reasons why Ireland needs a property tax sooner , rather than later .
For example , if people suspect a property tax will come in , they are more likely hold off buying property , raising the prospect of a longer than necessary hiatus in Ireland ’s property market and even over - shooting of prices on the way down .
Secondly , money is limited and if the Government does n’t bring a property tax in , the money has to come from elsewhere – even higher income taxes or more cuts to public expenditure .
Ultimately , people should be suspicious of TDs in wealthy constituencies calling for no property taxes .
If we do n’t bring in a property tax , the rest of the country will essentially be subsidising a small pocket of voters in the most affluent areas of Dublin .
Welcome !
The Christian Game Developers Conference is an organization dedicated to helping Christians in the Game industry connect with , and edify each other .
We hold an annual conference for networking and learning about the latest technologies and ideas , and we also foster a passionate community year - round , as well as help facilitate smaller , localized events .
COMMUNITY
We 've got a pretty exciting community too .
See what people are working on and share what you are doing .
Join in and get involved !
Journalists are expected to keep a distance from the subjects they cover , but the crisis in relations with Turkey has filled me with sadness and a sense of loss .
It pains me to watch the wrathful and hate - filled anti-Israel speeches of Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan , and it pains me to watch Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman respond to Erdogan with his characteristic combination of ignorance and crudeness .
We are not a country of liars and murderers , as Erdogan claims , and Turkey is not an Iran that seeks to wipe Israel off the map , as Lieberman believes .
Aside from peace with Jordan , the alliance with Turkey was the most important thing Israel got in return for the peace talks conducted in Madrid and Oslo .
The security cooperation with Turkey , the bilateral trade and the tourism went beyond what Israel expected .
The relationship flourished not just because of a momentary overlap of interests ; Israel and Turkey have a lot in common .
Israel 's ties with Turkey exist on a more emotion - laden plane than its ties with other countries .
We 're just too alike .
Israel 's first two prime ministers , David Ben-Gurion and Moshe Sharett , spoke Turkish .
Ben -Gurion studied law in Istanbul .
Sharett served as an officer in the Ottoman army during World War I. Mustafa Kemal Ataturk and his right - hand man , Ismet Inonu , served as senior commanders on the Palestine front .
The ideological connection is more important than the history trivia , though .
Ben -Gurion and Ataturk rebelled against the religious societies in which they were raised and established secular countries with a Western orientation .
Ben -Gurion 's establishmentarianism was the Israeli version of Turkey 's Kemalism , and both had to struggle against the religious and their influence .
The shortcomings of democracy in both countries are similar : problematic attitudes toward minorities and excessive military influence , which in Turkey has resulted in military coups .
During the early 1990s , under the leadership of Yitzhak Rabin in Israel and Tansu Ciller in Turkey , it seemed that Western secularism was heading for a historic victory in both countries , which appeared to be on the cusp of deservedly capturing a spot among the more developed democracies .
Turkey was knocking on the doors of the European Union and Israel was enjoying the fruits of normalization and globalization that resulted from Madrid and Oslo .
At the time , Israel was in the process of absorbing 1 million immigrants from the former Soviet Union , almost all of them entirely secular ; they completely changed Israeli society and shifted the country 's religious Jews to the sidelines .
But the change was short - lived .
Demography had the final say : 45 percent of Jewish first graders today attend religious public schools or ultra-Orthodox schools , an increase of 13 percent in the past decade .
Turkey , rejected by the European Union , underwent a similar process of religious revival .
A fascinating polarization has developed in both countries : high - tech companies and advanced industry alongside packed synagogues and mosques ; lively nightlife and bikinis alongside head coverings and mezuzah - kissing .
In Ankara as in Jerusalem , the governments in power today are trying to dismantle the legacies of Kemal and Ben-Gurion ; their ideology is rooted in religion and tradition , even if Erdogan and Benjamin Netanyahu wear suits and ties .
Erdogan 's party is trying to weaken the army and the judicial system , both pillars of Kemalism .
In Israel the process looks a little different :
The army has more and more high - ranking religious officers , and the government is ignoring Supreme Court decisions .
Since Erdogan is striving for pan-Islamism and Netanyahu is trying to hold off the rest of the world while nurturing a Jewish Israeliness that hates minorities and foreigners , the clash was inevitable .
The flotilla crisis exposed the prejudices and stereotypes that had been kept hidden during the years of friendship : anti-Semitic stereotypes in Turkey , and Israeli disdain for Muslims and their culture .
We forgot that the much - maligned Erdogan was perfectly capable of working with Ariel Sharon and Ehud Olmert , and showed restraint when Turkish sovereignty was violated during the bombing of the Syrian nuclear reactor .
But we cannot lay the blame solely at the feet of the Israeli and Turkish leaders and ruling parties .
We , the secular , Western - oriented Israelis , have not really tried to move closer to our Turkish counterparts .
Their country was and remains an exotic place for a vacation , business and air - force training - but nothing more .
We 're always interested in what 's happening in New York , London and Paris , and we 've ignored Ankara and Istanbul .
We have not built a network of interpersonal relationships that could survive political upheaval , nor have we nurtured mutual curiosity .
That is sad , now more than ever .
Some lady jumps on the tracks at the Harlem - 125th Street station following an alleged dispute with her girlfriend and threatens to kill herself , but quickly remembers she forgot to spin her totem and gets the hell out of there .
More Info from source :
It began when the girl got into a fight with her girlfriend or friends or something and out of anger she jumped inside the tracks begging the train to come and hit her .
Some lady had to pour beer on her to get her out of her funk .( how that works is beyond me )
And of course the girl got arrested .
Made a scene for nothing .
WhackadoodlesNew
York is full of them .
Hat tip to all the civvys who coaxed her out .
Good to know there are at least a few people in New York with a heart .
As police work is increasingly captured on camera and scrutinized by the public , from traffic stops to a BART police officer 's killing of Oscar Grant , many law enforcement agencies are asking the same question .
Why not control the cameras ourselves ?
Around the Bay Area , police departments are studying what would be a profound cultural shift in law enforcement : outfitting all cops with wearable cameras to record stops , arrests , sobriety tests and interviews .
The practice , meant to gather evidence and provide a video record if misconduct allegations arise , is a step forward from dashboard cameras that have become common in cruisers and audio recorders that many officers strap to their belts .
Police departments in several cities , including Union City , Campbell and Brentwood , recently bought batches of the body cameras .
Officials in many other cities see the trend as unstoppable .
" In the future , officers will not hit the streets without a camera , " said Sgt. Ronnie Lopez of the San Jose Police Department , where officers recently tested a set of 18 over - the - ear cameras made by Taser International Inc. of Scottsdale , Ariz. , the same company that makes the electronic shock guns .
" We live in a YouTube society where people have the ability to record us , " Lopez said .
" We firmly believe officers do the right things for the right reasons , and this is a way to show our side . "
The cameras may present a rare opportunity for accord between police commanders and police watchdogs .
John Burris - an attorney who specializes in police misconduct cases and is suing BART over the killing of Grant , an episode filmed by five train riders - said the cameras could compel officers to be more professional .
" Nothing looks uglier on camera , " Burris said , " than the gratuitous use of force on a person . "
Potential problems
However , as with many powerful technologies that police have adopted , the cameras bring some thorny issues - concerns that have arisen inside and outside law enforcement circles .
The cameras " can be an important tool for promoting police accountability and integrity as long as they are used in a proper way , " said Kelli Evans , associate director of the American Civil Liberties Union of Northern California .
Evans , who was appointed by a federal judge to monitor reforms of the Oakland Police Department , said the presence of the cameras could de-escalate tense situations , while supervisors could use footage as a training tool and a method of auditing officers ' conduct .
However , she said , departments must set clear rules governing when officers turn the cameras on and how footage is stored , to make sure it is not altered and is available if someone makes a complaint .
Rules for cops
In Campbell , Union City and Brentwood , officials said , officers have discretion over when they turn on their cameras .
But they can not alter or delete footage .
Campbell officials said they keep all footage for at least a year .
Brentwood officials said the video is kept for at least three years .
In Union City , officials said , video that is considered to be evidence in a case is kept permanently , but more routine footage is discarded after a day .
George Beattie , the president of San Jose 's police union , has a different concern .
He said officers who wear cameras may be hesitant to use force , such as kicks and baton blows , in situations that demand it .
" The officer may not think , ' Am I doing the right thing ? ' but instead , ' How is it going to be viewed by somebody else ? ' " said Beattie , a police lieutenant .
" On paper , it sounds like a great idea , but there are definitely some drawbacks to it - drawbacks that can have life - ending consequences . "
Not inexpensive
Then there is the price .
The high - definition Taser Axon cameras that San Jose borrowed for a couple of months cost $ 1,700 each , plus a monthly $ 99 - per - camera fee to a third - party firm that manages the footage , Lopez said .
The Axon has three parts : the camera , a microphone worn on the shirt and a DVR box for the belt .
When an officer presses a button to start recording , Lopez said , the prior 30 seconds are captured as well because the camera is always on .
Union City , meanwhile , recently paid nearly $ 150,000 for 85 cameras made by Vievu of Seattle , plus the computer infrastructure to support them and store footage .
Oakland police are now trying out 20 of the same cameras .
Union City police Lt. Kelly Musgrove said it was too early to assess the value of the cameras , which are also available to animal control and parking enforcement officers .
" I know my officers are using it , especially for victim interviews , field sobriety tests and suspect interviews , " Musgrove said .
" Some things you just can't describe in a police report . "
Camera is ' impartial '
He said the cameras aid in prosecuting criminals and handling complaints against officers .
" If someone has an issue with one of my officers , " Musgrove said , " the camera is very impartial . "
In Brentwood , George Aguirre and two other traffic officers wear Vievu cameras on their chests .
It 's part of a larger devotion to video in the city , where cameras are in police cars and inside every officer 's Taser shock weapon .
Turn on the Taser , and the camera rolls .
Aguirre 's chest camera - which can store four hours of footage - clips onto his uniform and is roughly the size of a pager or garage door opener .
To start recording , he simply slides down a lens cover .
Most drivers , he said , do n't even notice .
" I 'd rather you see what I did than hear accusations , " said Aguirre , who does traffic enforcement on a motorcycle and commercial vehicle enforcement in a truck .
" When you do everything you 're supposed to do and someone challenges you , there 's nothing better than being able to show the video to them or my supervisors . "
During a crash investigation , Aguirre said , he turns on the camera not only to record the statements of witnesses and suspects , but to capture their facial expressions and gestures .
And if a traffic stop turns confrontational , Aguirre often points at his camera .
" I will make a point of saying , ' Sir , just to let you know , you 're being recorded , ' " he said .
" That will change their tone . "
Temps de lecture : 3 min
Les membres du Conseil Constitutionnel , qui prennent l’habitude de rendre des arrêts courageux , ou au moins assez iconoclastes , vont se frotter les mains .
Voilà un cas des plus simples !
Si jamais Nicolas Sarkozy s’entête à mettre en pratique ses viriles menaces de Grenoble sur la déchéance de la nationalité française , il y a fort à parier qu’on va se bousculer au bureau des saisines .
Professeurs de droit , avocats , partis politiques , citoyens …
Le recours au Conseil ne sera plus une opportunité .
Mais un devoir civique .
Car le chef de l’Etat ne vient pas moins que de définir deux catégories de Français .
Les Français français .
Et les Français d’origine étrangère , lesquels seraient soumis à des obligations plus contraignantes que les premiers .
« La nationalité française doit pouvoir être retirée à toute personne d’origine étrangère qui aurait volontairement porté atteinte à la vie d’un fonctionnaire de police , d’un militaire de la gendarmerie ( … ) » , a déclaré , le 30 juillet , le président de la République , en installant le nouveau préfet de l’Isère .
Bien sûr , vendredi , l’été politique , ce mois d’août de la vacance , avait déjà virtuellement commencé .
D’abord , les élus , les observateurs n’ont pas trop réagi .
Nicolas Sarkozy et certains membres du gouvernement les ont habitués à chasser sur les terres du Front national , selon la formule usuelle , sur le chapitre sécuritaire , et , à force , ils n’y prêtent pas toujours attention .
C’est à peu près tous les jours , ces temps - ci .
La même semaine , c’était au tour des « gens du voyage » d’être désignés à la peur des braves gens , et ce , depuis l’Elysée-même .
« Discours usé » , a d’abord répondu Benoit Hamon , le porte - parole du PS .
« M. Le Pen et sa fille n’ont plus besoin de parler , a poursuivi Noël Mamère ( les Verts ) , la copie parle à leur place » .
Un président anticonstitutionnel
Pourtant , l’affaire est grave , et normalement , hors somnolence estivale , elle pourrait même valoir poursuites en justice au contrevenant .
Le premier magistrat du pays , gardien de notre démocratie et des règles républicaines , ne vient rien de moins que de contester le socle même de notre loi de commune appartenance .
La base sacrée , forgée à la Libération , entre la Charte du Conseil National de la Résistance ( CNR ) , la Déclaration des Droits de l’Homme de 1948 et la Constitution de 1958 .
Le CNR proclamait « l’égalité absolue de tous les citoyens devant la loi » .
Oui , mais si nous ne sommes plus citoyens de même valeur ?
S’il existe des grades dans la nationalité française ?
S’il nous faut refaire le chemin jusqu ’au premier Français légitime de l’Histoire – sous Clovis ? – pour déterminer qui est illégitime ?
Jusqu’alors , les Français sont tous Français .
En bloc .
Incolores .
Non différenciables .
Il est même interdit , dans ce pays , de produire des statistiques sur les origines des Français .
Depuis la guerre , depuis que le régime de Vichy a arraché leur citoyenneté à des milliers de personnes , juives en majorité , depuis que la mémoire collective porte cette honte , de naissance ou de circonstances , nous sommes tous Français .
Point .
Français , c’est tout .
Français d’un coup .
Non à l’essai , probatoires ou , comme le dit Jean - Luc Mélenchon , président du parti de gauche , « Français conditionnels » .
Il n’existe pas , pour la loi , de Français de fraîche date .
Ou alors , la loi est illégale .
Qui peut - on renvoyer ?
Aucun président de la République n’a insinué un doute menaçant comme Nicolas Sarkozy vient de s’oublier à le faire .
Vous , nous , êtes-vous , sommes - nous vraiment Français ?
Le suis - je , moi , dont les aïeux , nés Boggio , viennent d’Italie ?
Trois générations .
Est-ce suffisant pour enfin respirer ?
Ou peut - on encore me renvoyer ?
Et où ?
En Italie , aucune trace de moi .
Les enfants de la guerre d’Algérie , les Portugais , Polonais , Espagnols ?
Les Arméniens de 1915 ?
Polanski , le cinéaste ?
Et Sarkozy , ce chef de l’Etat inconséquent ?
Son père , apatride , a été naturalisé .
Dehors , Sarkozy , s’il tue un gendarme ?
Evidemment , les propos de Grenoble ne sont que des mots –mais il y a des mots qui tuent , non ?
Des mots , c’est vrai , destinés d’abord à tenter de récupérer les électeurs partis au Front national .
Nicolas Sarkozy , deux tiers Français , un tiers Hongrois , en « chasse » estivale .
Mais c’est aussi affaire de principe .
Du principe des principes , pour qui chérit la terre de France .
Le chef de l’Etat n’a pas l’intention de chasser les Français d’origine portugaise , même si ceux - ci se mettaient à faucher des policiers .
Il vise les derniers Français enregistrés comme tels , venus d’Afrique , et surtout du Mahgreb .
Les Arabes .
Leurs enfants , les beurs , synonymes de voyous , dans le lexique sécuritaire .
Il l’explique , dans son discours de Grenoble : « nous subissons les conséquences de 50 ans d’immigration insuffisamment régulée qui ont abouti à un échec de l’intégration » .
Peut - être .
Mais pour l’heure , c’est le président de la République qui transgresse la loi .
Mal intégré lui-même , ces jours - ci .
Heureusement , il ne s’agit pas d’un président 100 % français .
On peut toujours le renvoyer en Hongrie .
Ou en refaire un apatride .
Philippe Boggio
Photo : A Tremblay - en - France .
REUTERS / Benoit Tessier
Glenn Beck is dangerous , argues Media Matters ' Eric Boehlert in The Huffington Post .
Since 2009 , the Fox News host has used his bully pulpit to foment fears of a " nefarious cabal " of progressive organizations that are supposedly " determined to destroy democracy in America . "
Earlier this month , Beck 's rabble - rousing rhetoric led Byron Williams , a " government - hating , gun- toting nut , " to stock a pickup truck with guns and ammo , and set off on a crusade to " open fire " at the offices of the Tides Foundation , a California non-profit .
Fortunately , Williams was pulled over by the state police en route .
But if Beck 's " unequivocal " calls for a right - wing insurrection are n't quickly silenced , says Boehlert , it 's only a matter of time before innocent blood is spilled .
An excerpt :
[ T ]he sad truth is we 're going to see more like Byron Williams .
We 're going to see more attempts at vigilante violence during the Age of Obama simply because the right - wing media , led by Beck , continue to gleefully ( albeit irresponsibly ) stoke dangerous fires with the kind of relentlessly incendiary rhetoric that has no match in terms of modern day , mainstream use in American politics or media ....
Note that the radical Right 's media rhetoric is no longer even political in a partisan sense .
Instead , it 's purely revolutionary .
It is n't , " We think taxes should be lower " or " Obama should be more hawkish overseas . "
It 's , " There 's an insidious and deadly plot afoot by Democrats and progressives to strip Americans of their freedom and this country of its greatness . "
Obama is now the incarnation of evil ( the Antichrist ? ) , and his driving hatred for America , as well as for democracy , runs so deep that he ran for president in order to destroy the United States from inside the Oval Office .
Read the full story at the Huffington Post .
If you ’re an Android lover that frequents the internet , then chances are you ’ve seen the side - splitting Evo vs iPhone 4 video that ’s been circulating around the web the past couple days .
It ’s basically an uproarious confrontation of an Evo user trying to convince an iPhone - drone to switch over to Android , and what makes it so funny is the actual validity of the profane comments between the two .
The Android community rejoiced in laugher , while others – mostly Apple users – did n’t find it so funny .
Among that group of people who could n’t find the humor inside it was the author ’s employer – Best Buy .
Originally asked to resign , he refused and was put on indefinite suspension awaiting a decision by Best Buy ’s human resources department .
Ouch .
Since we do n't take things quite so seriously , let 's take another look at the video -- and its successor -- after the break .
Standard " NSFW - Potty mouth " applies here .
[ via TechCrunch ]
Apple initially claimed the iPhone 4 antenna flaw really is n't a flaw at all , but a software bug that misrepresents the number of bars of signal strength .
It 's now well - known that the iPhone 4 suffers from an antenna design flaw , and a new report by Bloomberg News reveals that Steve Jobs was warned early in the design phase by a top engineer that the antenna design could lead to dropped calls .
Steve Jobs highlighted the iPhone 4 antenna design as " brilliant engineering " during his WWDC keynote .
For many users it does offer better reception in areas that previous iPhones experienced problems , but it does have a reproducible issue that causes signal loss when a particular spot on the bottom left of the device is touched when a user holds the iPhone 4 in their left hand .
According to an anonymous source speaking to Bloomberg , senior director of engineering for iPhone and iPod Ruben Caballero warned top Apple management that the antenna design had potential to cause reception problems under certain conditions .
This same source also told Bloomberg that one of Apple 's carrier partners expressed concern over the antenna design before the iPhone 4's June launch .
Apple offered the explanation last week that the real problem is that all iPhones running iOS 4 actually display too many bars due to the range of numeric signal strength values programmed for each " bar " typically displayed on all cell phones .
A beta of iOS 4.1 containing Apple 's fix was released to developers yesterday , and reports have confirmed that iPhones now typically show fewer bars of signal strength in areas without perfect reception .
Unfortunately for iPhone 4 owners , the change does n't actually mitigate the signal loss that happens when the small gap in the stainless steel bezel that separates two of the iPhone 4's three antennas is touched , causing the two to be bridged electrically .
If the signal is weak enough , it can result in dropped calls or data connections .
Analysts disagree about the potential impact for Apple , but news earlier this week that Consumer Reports decided it could not recommend the device to consumers because of the potential for reception degradation caused a serious slump ( about $ 10 , or 4 percent ) in Apple 's stock value .
Even politicians are expressing concern over the problem .
Sen. Charles Schumer ( D - NY ) inked a missive to Apple over the antenna woes .
" I am concerned that the nearly two million purchasers of the iPhone 4 may not have complete information about the quality of the product they have purchased , " reads a copy of the letter posted by AppleInsider .
" The burden for consumers caused by this glitch , combined with the confusion over its cause and how it will be fixed , has the potential to undermine the many benefits of this innovative device . "
Apple will be holding a special press conference at 10 am PDT on Friday , and Ars will be on the scene .
So far the company has n't revealed any details of the announcement except to say that it concerns the iPhone 4 .
Speculation so far is that Apple will publicly address the antenna flaw and offer some kind of fix , though there is always a possibility it could be something else .
We would like know what you think Apple will announce at the press conference .
Will Apple dismiss the issue ?
Offer a recall ?
Teach us all how to hold the phone properly ?
Update : Apple has officially denied everything about the Bloomberg report , and says that it wo n't be issuing a recall .
" We challenge Bloomberg BusinessWeek to produce anything beyond rumors to back this up .
It 's simply not true , " an Apple spokesperson told the Wall Street Journal .
What will Apple reveal during its press conference on Friday ? online survey
For those who enjoy “ Fun Facts , ” here are 25 of them about the Back to the Future trilogy in honor of its 25th Anniversary .
1. Tony Hawk was credited as helping choreograph the skateboard scenes .
2 . When Claudia Wells temporarily dropped out due to scheduling conflicts , Melora Hardin was briefly cast as Jennifer , but had to be replaced when it was discovered she was taller than Michael J. Fox .
3 . In the opening sequence , all of Doc ’s clocks read 7:53 ( 25 minutes slow ) except for one clock .
It is on the floor next to the case of plutonium and it reads 8:20 .
4. CRM - 114 is seen on the key to turning Doc ’s giant amplifier on in the beginning of the movie .
CRM - 114 is also referenced in Dr. Strangelove as well as the number of the spacecraft in 2001 : A Space Odyssey .
5 . Doc ’s middle name is “ Lathrop . ”
6. Ralph Macchio turned down the role of Marty McFly .
7 . The Ingredients of Doc ’s “ Wake Up Juice ” – Tabasco sauce , cayenne pepper , chili peppers , onion , and mustard seed .
8 . The Libyan terrorists actually have English speaking lines .
They are :
Terrorist # 1 : “ Damn Soviet gun ! ” ( after the gun jams )
Terrorist # 2 : “ Damn German car ! ” ( after the car wo n’t start )
9 . Old man Peabody and his son Sherman were an ode to Peabody and Sherman from Rocky and Bullwinkle …also frequent time travelers .
10 . Mayor Goldie Wilson gets his nickname because of his gold tooth .
11 . In Part 2 and 3 , the OUTATIME license plate has been replaced by a futuristic barcode version of itself .
12 . Doc ’s kid , Verne was a pervert .
13 . Biff ’s Pleasure Palace was actually the Plaza Casino and Hotel in Las Vegas .
Two things about this picture :
14 .
The clock is unloaded from the train with the time reading 10:04 … the same time it was struck by lightning in 1955 .
15 .
See that woman in the back wearing the purple hat and dress ?
That ’s Clara Clayton waiting for Doc to pick her up .
# 16-25 = Famous Cameos –
Here are some of the celebrity cameos that appeared as minor roles throughout the trilogy .
Click the pics for their individual IMDB pages :
Deborah Harmon
ZZ Top
On July 3rd , 1985 the world was introduced to Back to the Future for the very first time .
25 years later it still remains as one of the greatest movies ever to be released .
We here at The Gunaxin Show are huge fans of the movie so we decided we ’d give it a nice big silver anniversary tribute with a bunch of articles , a Back to the Future themed Gunaxin Show , as well as an interview with Doctor Emmitt L. Brown himself – Christopher Lloyd .
That ’s right we pull out all the stops on this one .
The Gunaxin Show is classified as Explicit , so probably NSFW , unless you work here .
Image caption
The government has shown support for UK manufacturing of electric cars
Motorists who buy an electric plug - in car from January next year will get a grant worth up to £ 5,000 from the government .
The project was announced by Labour but placed on hold by the coalition until the autumn spending review .
Now the Treasury has taken the highly unusual step of agreeing to ring - fence the money from any cuts .
Car makers had been putting pressure on the new government to announce what was happening to the electric car subsidy .
They had warned that without it , the UK would be significantly less attractive for new investment .
' Absolutely committed '
The sheer scale of budget cuts needed across government departments - with the distinct possibility that transport might fare worse than most - had placed the scheme in doubt .
How often do you drive more than 90 miles in one stretch ?
David Beesley , Electric car user Carmakers cheer plug - in subsidyWhat is it like to live with an electric car ?
Now the government says the £ 43 m earmarked for the scheme will be protected .
It means that anyone who buys an electric plug - in car from next year will get a 25 % discount up to a maximum of £ 5,000 .
" The coalition government is absolutely committed to low carbon growth , tackling climate change and making our energy supply more secure , " said Transport Secretary , Philip Hammond .
" We are sending a clear signal that Britain is open for business and that we are committed to greening our economy .
" This will ensure that the UK is a world leader in low emission vehicles .
" We will review the level of the incentive regularly to ensure that the UK remains competitive and taxpayers get value for money . "
Barriers
The extra help is not expected to make up for the extra cost of the vehicle - which could be about £ 10,000 more expensive than its petrol equivalent .
However owners could save hundreds of pounds a year in running costs .
The subsidy will come into force at the same time as a rise in VAT .
The increase from 17.5 % to 20 % adds almost £ 640 to the cost of a £ 30,000 car .
One possible barrier to people adopting electric cars is the lack of dedicated plug - in points - with there currently only being about 300 across the UK .
But Nissan - whose Leaf car will be on sale in the UK from March - argues this is misleading .
It says the evidence from Japan is that people do not buy electric cars until the charging points are in place - but then do not actually use them , preferring to charge at home instead .
Grant offer
Rapid - charge plug - in points , which can charge a car to 80 % capacity in less than half an hour , are not likely to be the way most people " refuel " .
Electricity overnight can be significantly cheaper and motorists can plug their car in and leave it , rather than having to wait .
That works as long as the motorist 's daily use is not more than the range of the car - 100 miles in the case of the Leaf .
However that also depends on users not draining the battery in other ways such as using the heating or air - conditioning .
The grant is open to both private and business fleet buyers across the UK .
It will stay in place - assuming the money does not run out - until 31 March 2012 .
The level for subsequent years will be set according to how the market develops and what happens to the cost of the cars .
Britain saw foreign investment halve last year in a dramatic plunge that experts say highlights the country 's over - dependence on financial services .
As David Cameron tries to make British diplomats work harder to secure foreign trade deals , figures from the United Nations suggest Britain 's standing on the world investment stage fell sharply last year .
In its annual world investment report , the UN Conference on Trade and Development ( Unctad ) said foreign direct investment ( FDI ) into and out of Britain plummeted below global averages in 2009 , largely owing to merger and acquisition activity drying up in the credit crunch .
The UK fell from fourth to fifth place globally as a recipient of FDI inflows last year – with investment down to $ 46bn ( £ 30 m ) from $ 91bn in 2008 .
The 49 % drop compared with a global fall of 37 % .
Outflows from Britain fell even more dramatically , from $ 161bn to $ 18bn .
That meant Britain slid from being the world 's third - largest source of FDI in 2008 to the 14th - largest last year .
But Unctad noted the dive was likely to be a recession - related blip rather than the start of a new pattern for UK investment flows .
Its investment expert Hafiz Mirza said much of the decline was in the services sectors , mostly financial services , and that manufacturing flows were largely unchanged – reflecting the government 's drive to diversify the UK economy .
" It is mostly to do with M&A [ mergers and acquisitions ] declining so dramatically , " said Mirza , noting a similar pattern in the United States , where FDI inflows fell 60 % to $ 130bn .
" M&A was down because no one wanted to acquire anyone and the UK is one of the main sources of M&A activity , both for UK firms and foreign firms based here . "
" But the UK remains a central place for doing business .
This is a blip and it's indicative of the UK 's central role .
The message is perhaps to diversify a bit beyond so much focus on M&A . "
UK Trade & Investment ( UKTI ) , the government 's trade arm , noted that in terms of FDI stock , the value of all assets held in the country by foreign investors , Britain actually enjoyed a 14 % annual rise in 2009 .
Its own figures last week showed inward investment generated 94,000 jobs in the latest financial year , an annual rise of 20 % .
UKTI 's chief executive , Sir Andrew Cahn , said the UK was still attracting " healthy levels of investment " and that the government was working to attract more overseas companies by cutting red tape and corporation tax .
" The UK is one of the most attractive destinations for inward investment with the largest industries in Europe for financial services , creative industries , life sciences and information and communications technologies , " he said .
" But competition for investment is intense and we must fight hard to maintain our share .
That is why the UK government has put attracting and retaining investment at the heart of its economic recovery plans . "
Mirza said one way to reverse the decline in outflows would be to put more resources into greenfield investment activity – where a company launches a venture overseas by building new facilities from scratch .
Such greenfield activity was " fairly stable " in the US last year , meaning its outflows suffered a much smaller 25 % drop to $ 248bn .
Overall , Unctad calculated that FDI inflows worldwide fell by 37 % to $ 1.11tn last year .
Outgoing FDI dropped 43 % , to $ 1.01tn .
However it said the effect of the financial crisis on foreign investment appeared to " bottom out " in the second half of the year .
Its preliminary estimates are for global FDI inflows to climb to $ 1.2tn this year , rise further to $ 1.3 - 1.5tn in 2011 and possibly climb as high as $ 2tn in 2012 .
" However , these FDI prospects are fraught with risks and uncertainties , including the fragility of the global economic recovery , " the investment report said .
It saw support increasingly coming from transnational corporations investing in low - carbon technology .
Unctad estimates that in 2009 low - carbon FDI into renewables , recycling and low - carbon technology manufacturing alone amounted to $ 90bn .
Unctad also noted growing investment into developing countries and trade relationships between developing countries .
But the body is keen to ensure that any such trend develops against the backdrop of clear frameworks that mean both sides benefit .
Charities have repeatedly voiced concerns that investment in Africa in particular has been largely speculative and done little to help local people .
Unctad said it was working to ensure African governments did more to set guidelines to ensure trade relationships did not simply repeat the old low - value - added model of commodity exports .
Referring to similar challenges in Asia , Mirza said : " If the government does not give a direction your local warlord will .
Someone will play that role of market marker or intermediary .
That 's something that governments need to do , they need to play that role . "
The " rigour and honesty " of the scientists at the centre of a row over climate research , sparked when hundreds of emails were stolen from a world - renowned research centre , is not in doubt , an independent review said today .
But the review into the " climategate " affair , led by Sir Muir Russell , found the scientists at the University of East Anglia 's climatic research unit ( CRU ) had not been sufficiently open about their studies .
The row was sparked when 13 years of emails were hacked from the server at the university and posted online , where they were seized upon by climate change sceptics who claimed they showed scientists manipulating and suppressing data to back up a theory of man-made climate change .
The review also found that a graph referred to in a now infamous email from the centre 's head , Professor Phil Jones , in which he described a " trick " to " hide the decline " in data on temperatures , was " misleading " because it did not make plain what the scientists had done .
The graph which showed global temperature rises , and which was used in a report published in 1999 by the World Meteorological Organisation ( WMO ) , did not show temperature data from tree - rings once they diverged from actual measurements in the 1960s , falling while real temperatures rose .
The review said it was not misleading to omit part of the tree ring temperature series but the process should have been made plain in the graph , caption or text .
The investigation cleared the researchers of other allegations levelled at the CRU by sceptics , including the suggestion the emails showed researchers were subverting the scientific peer review process to ensure papers they disagreed with were not published .
The scientists did not misuse the process by which the key international body on climate change prepares its reports on the impacts of global warming for governments , the review found .
But Sir Muir 's inquiry found there was " unhelpfulness " in CRU 's response to Freedom of Information requests , and evidence that emails might have been deleted to make them unavailable for any subsequent request .
The CRU was " unhelpful and defensive " in response to reasonable requests for information about the weather stations used to gather the temperature records .
But the review found that raw data frequently requested by sceptics from which global land temperatures were calculated was directly available from other sources , and the " code " to make the calculations , which they have also demanded was published , could be worked out independently .
Announcing the findings of the review , Sir Muir said : " Climate science is a matter of such global importance that the highest standards of honesty , rigour and openness are needed in its conduct .
" On the specific allegations made against the behaviour of CRU scientists , we find that their rigour and honesty as scientists are not in doubt . "
Sir Muir said the allegation that the CRU had " something to hide " and its research into changes in global temperature could not be trusted because the scientists were concealing or manipulating data " does not stand up " .
The panel conducted their own analysis of the data , which they said took " minutes " to download from publicly - accessible sources , without reference to what CRU had done with it and came up with similar results .
Anyone " competent " to analyse the data could have done so , and " very clearly nothing was hidden " , according to one of the reviewers , Professor Peter Clarke of the University of Edinburgh .
The review also dismissed the allegation that work using tree - rings to reconstruct temperatures in the time before thermometers had selected data to produce the outcome the scientists were looking for .
Sir Muir said the review panel had not found any evidence that CRU scientists who contributed to the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) assessments had influenced them in any way that undermined the key reports prepared for governments .
But the review made " significant criticisms " of CRU 's failure to be open about its research and its actions in withholding data .
And other institutions needed to learn the lessons of the " climategate " affair , including the need to be open and communicate research effectively to the public , as a failure to do so can seriously damage reputations .
Sir Muir said : " There seems no doubt that CRU got themselves into a position that they were unhelpful in response to legitimate requests , and there are plenty of references to anxiety about what critics would use the data for . "
He said responding to freedom of information requests was ultimately the responsibility of the university 's vice chancellor , and CRU should make sufficient information available alongside publications to enable others to replicate the results .
But the review also acknowledged that many of the attacks on the climate science the unit produces have not followed the " conventional scientific methods " of challenging evidence and offering alternative theories .
And it said the growing influence of the " blogosphere " allowed " unmoderated comment " to sit alongside peer - reviewed scientific papers , in what Sir Muir said had become a very polarised debate .
Sir Muir urged scientists : " Do n't fall into the habit of not being open or concealing things , and try to find ways of engaging people on ground that generally advances science . "
He said there was a need to find a public space in which research on areas such as climate science could be subject to a " unthreatened , mature yet challenging dialogue " .
Fellow review panel member Professor Geoffrey Boulton said online blogs would not entirely take over the role of science - pointing out that cures for disease , circulation of the blood or the building to the Forth road bridge would never have come out of the blogosphere .
But he said it was no longer acceptable for groups of scientists to debate theories among themselves and then make papal - style pronouncements which people would be expected to accept .
" We have to move science from a private enterprise to a public enterprise , " he said .
Sir Muir said the £ 200,000 review tested how data was handled , looked at the influence of CRU on the IPCC's key Forth Assessment report published in 2007 , spoke to IPCC authors and sought independent input into how scientific peer review worked from the editor of medical journal The Lancet .
He insisted that such steps gave authority to the conclusions of the 160 - page report , and should " stop in their tracks those who have made up their minds that this is a whitewash , without waiting to see what we have done " .
He said : " I think it is inevitable that people who have made up their minds have made up their minds .
But this is certainly not a whitewash . "
The University of East Anglia 's vice chancellor , Edward Acton , said Prof Jones , who found himself at the centre of the furore over the hacked emails and stood down from his post while three investigations into the affair were conducted , had been offered a new role as director of research at CRU .
Prof Acton said it was not a demotion but would remove some of the administrative duties from Prof Jones , leaving him free to concentrate on directing and carrying out climate research .
Prof Acton said the review published today had exonerated UEA climate scientists , but accepted the conclusion that the university should and could have been " more proactively open " , especially , he said , as it had nothing to hide .
And he said he hoped the review 's publication would " finally lay to rest conspiracy theories , untruths and misunderstandings " that had been circulating , and that the " wilder assertions " about the climate science community would now stop .
Prof Jones issued a statement which said : " I am , of course , extremely relieved that this review has now been completed .
" We have maintained all along that our science is honest and sound and this has been vindicated now by three different independent external bodies .
" There are lessons to be learned from this affair and I need time to reflect on them before speaking in public , particularly given the scope of this report .
" Meanwhile , I would like to thank those who have supported me over this period and now I would like to concentrate on my new role as director of research in the Climatic Research Centre , which will allow me to focus my full attention on the science of climate change . "
Bob Ward , policy and communications director at the Grantham Research Institute on Climate Change and the Environment at LSE , said the Muir Russell inquiry had lifted the cloud of suspicion which had hung over the research community for months .
" The reputation of the whole of climate research has been tarnished by speculation over the emails , but the inquiry 's findings demonstrate that the integrity of climate science is intact .
" It is clear that greater transparency is required in climate research because of the intense public interest in it , and its profound implications for society .
" However , it is also now very apparent that many so - called ' sceptics ' owe a huge apology to the public for having wrongly presented the email messages as evidence that climate change is a hoax carried out by a conspiracy of dishonest scientists , " he said .
Professor Steve Smith , president of the body that represents vice chancellors , Universities UK , said attempts to create controversy and undermine researchers eroded public trust in science .
" We cannot have a situation where researchers , dealing with controversial areas of study , are faced with a barrage of requests for information on early drafts of research and discussions , with the sole aim of disrupting that work . "
An anti-Muslim populist in the Netherlands is forming an international alliance to spread his message across the west in an attempt to ban immigration from Islamic countries , among other goals .
Geert Wilders , leader of the Freedom party , told the Associated Press that he would launch the movement late this year , initially in five countries : the US , Canada , Britain , France and Germany .
" The message , ' stop Islam , defend freedom ' , is a message that 's not only important for the Netherlands but for the whole free Western world , " Wilders said at the Dutch parliament .
Among the group 's aims will be outlawing immigration from Islamic countries to the west and a ban on Islamic sharia law .
Starting as a grassroots movement , he hopes it eventually will produce its own lawmakers or influence other legislators .
Ayhan Tonca , a prominent spokesman for Dutch Muslims , said he feared Wilders message would fall on fertile ground in much of Europe , where anti-Islam sentiment has been swelling for years .
" So long as things are going badly with the economy , a lot of people always need a scapegoat , " Tonca said .
" At the moment , that is the Muslims in western Europe . "
Tonca called on " well - meaning people in Europe to oppose this . "
Known for his bleached - blond mop of hair , Wilders is a shrewd politician who has won awards in the Netherlands for his debating skills and regularly stands up for gay and women 's rights .
But he rose to local and then international prominence with his firebrand anti-Islam rhetoric that has led to him being charged under Dutch anti-hate speech laws and banned from visiting Britain until a court there ordered that he be allowed into the country .
Wilders said he hopes to position the alliance between traditional conservative parties and far - right wing groups , saying that in Britain there is " an enormous gap " between the ruling Conservative party and the far - right BNP : " The BNP is a party that , whatever you think of it , it 's not my party I think it 's a racist party , " he said .
Wilders , who calls Islam a " fascist " religion , has won increasing support the Netherlands in recent years even while he has been subjected to round - the - clock protection because of death threats .
His Freedom party won the biggest gains in a national election last month , coming third with 24 seats in the 150 - seat parliament , up from the nine before the election .
However , mainstream parties will not form a coalition with Wilders , leaving him on the margins of Dutch politics for the next parliamentary term .
Wilders is due to stand trial in October on hate speech charges stemming from his short internet film Fitna , which denounced the Qur'an as a a fascist book that inspires terrorism .
The film aroused anti-Dutch protests around the Muslim world , and he was banned for several months from entering Britain .
But he is unrepentant and said he now wants to take his message outside the Netherlands .
" The fight for freedom and ( against ) Islamisation as I see it is a worldwide phenomenon and problem to be solved , " he said .
Wilders declined to name any of the other founders of the organisation he is calling the Geert Wilders International Freedom Alliance .
He has been criticised for running his party as a one - man show .
Today we 've reached another important milestone at Acquia : Drupal Gardens is now in open beta .
No more beta codes .
No more waiting to try the service .
Now anyone can access Drupal Gardens and create a free Drupal 7 site !
It 's been fun to watch Drupal Gardens grow and mature during the private beta .
In addition to building out the feature set , we 've spent a great deal of time improving the stability and underlying performance of the service .
And we 've had a wild ride on Drupal 7 HEAD along the way , as Jacob Singh describes so colorfully :
Running from an Alpha versus HEAD is like the difference between playing Jenga on a sleeping elephant to playing Jenga on a cocaine addled elephant riding a skateboard being jabbed in the [ rear ] with a hot poker .
We 've also invested plenty of time with Drupal Gardens users - gathering feedback , performing user tests , discussing potential features .
One request that was added in the latest release is site duplication .
This is the ability to clone an existing site , including its design , functionality , information architecture and content , to create a new site .
It 's one of the first Enterprise Drupal Gardens features , enabling site builders and designers to do rapid prototyping in Drupal Gardens and roll out new sites quickly according to pre-defined templates .
Site duplication will evolve into site and theme marketplaces where anyone can share site templates for use by others .
Drupal Gardens continues to advance with great strides .
I encourage you to take Drupal Gardens for a test drive and to share your feedback with us .
Taylor Sherrouse will leave Texas Children ’s Hospital no later than early next week able to do what she has n’t for a long time : eat heartily , breathe on her own and walk without a struggle .
Sherrouse , a 17 - year - old Brenham resident with cystic fibrosis , has what her doctors described Wednesday as “ a new lease on life ” following a rare triple - organ transplant in late June .
During a 13 - hour operation , they replaced her heart , lungs and liver — only the third time in the past decade a U.S. pediatric patient has received those organs in a single transplant .
“ It was scary , exciting , all the emotions you can imagine , ” said Sherrouse , describing her initial reaction when doctors told about the surgery .
“ But I feel great now and ca n’t wait to go home and be with my family again . ”
She said she looks forward to finishing high school , going to culinary school and becoming a chef .
The organs all came from a single donor , about whom doctors provided no information .
They became available in the dawn hours of June 22 , just 11 days after Taylor went on the United Network for Organ Sharing waiting list .
Her team acknowledged such a short wait was remarkable .
12 - year patient
Sherrouse has been a Texas Children ’s patient for 12 years , treated frequently during that time for recurring liver problems and respiratory infections as a result of her cystic fibrosis , an inherited disease that occurs in about one out of 3,000 live births .
She has been in the hospital the past eight months as her condition worsened .
Sherrouse still has cystic fibrosis , but it cannot return in the transplanted organs , doctors said .
The biggest challenge will be rejection issues involving the transplanted organs , said Dr. Jeffrey Heinle , who performed the heart and lung portion of the transplant .
She will be on immunosuppressant drugs for the rest of her life .
No long - term predictions
The average survival is 14 years for pediatric heart transplant patients and five for pediatric lung transplant patients , but Heinle said it ’s impossible to predict how long Sherrouse will live .
He said recent data suggests the fact the organs all came from the same patient may confer some protection .
Heinle said that without the transplant , Sherrouse probably would n’t have lived another six months .
Admitted to Texas Children ’s with a lung infection early last November , Sherrouse had hoped to come home by Thanksgiving .
But she was never able to leave as her liver and lungs got progressively worse and cardiologists diagnosed restrictive cardiomyopathy , a condition in which the muscle is stiff and chambers can’t fill properly with blood .
The condition is not associated with cystic fibrosis .
Doctors told the family the triple - organ transplant was Sherrouse ’s best hope , but they warned she might get too sick for the surgery by the time she moved to the top of the list .
At the time , she was oxygen - dependent , fed intravenously and through a tube and struggled to walk .
‘ Amazing ’ recovery
The proposed transplant required many ethical discussions at the hospital because the organs instead could have gone to three patients and , even after learning of the organs ’ availability , doctors left open the possibility the liver could go to another patient if the initial heart - lung transplant went poorly .
But the nine - hour heart - and - double - lung transplant went well , and Dr. John Goss followed up with a 3 1/2 - hour liver transplant , the 1,000th of his career .
So “ amazing ” has been Sherrouse ’s recovery , said pulmonologist Dr. George Mallory , that she was walking within a week and eating like rarely before within two .
Sherrouse talked proudly Wednesday of meals of burritos , sausage , eggs and hash browns from McDonald’s .
“ I feel very lucky , very grateful , ” said Sherrouse , still attached to a few tubes Wednesday morning but scheduled to have them removed later in the day .
“ Only two other ( such patients ) than me — that ’s really something . ”
todd.ackerman@chron.com
ATLANTA -- Chipper Jones was on the bench , nursing an injured finger .
Bring on Omar Infante , the latest player to come through for a team that can do no wrong .
Infante lined a two - out , run-scoring single in the eighth inning to back Derek Lowe 's best outing of the season , leading the Atlanta Braves to their eighth straight win , 2 - 1 over the slumping Philadelphia Phillies on Wednesday .
The Braves finished off a three - game sweep of the defending NL champions and increased their lead in the East Division to 2 1 / 2 games as they headed off on an 11 - game road trip that could determine if they 're a true contender for their first playoff appearance since 2005 .
" We can make something special here , " Martin Prado said .
" We 're going to be a surprise . "
Lowe ( 8 - 4 ) went eight innings in his longest outing of the season , allowing six hits and the only Philadelphia run .
Billy Wagner worked a scoreless ninth for his ninth save .
Jose Contreras ( 2 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up only his second run in 16 2/3 innings and snapping a streak of 13 straight scoreless outings .
Manager Charlie Manuel was livid at his team , saying the players have shown no sense of urgency to end their slide .
He showed his displeasure before the game when he spotted several of them gathered around a television , watching the movie " Gran Torino . "
He ordered the clubbies to shut it off .
That did n't stop the Phillies from losing their fourth in a row and ninth in 11 games .
They have n't scored more than three runs during that span .
" I see a whole lot of cockiness and big - headedness and complacency , " Manuel said .
" Just because we did something last year does n't mean we 're going to do it this year . "
Philadelphia never led in the series against the Braves and wasted a strong outing by Kyle Kendrick , who surrendered five hits and a run in the seven innings .
Lowe escaped a jam in the top half of the eighth .
Greg Dobbs led off with a single , moved to second on a sacrifice bunt and took third on a ground out .
After Jayson Werth was walked intentionally , Lowe retired Wilson Valdez on a flyout to center .
The Braves took advantage of a nearly identical scoring chance in the bottom half .
Nate McLouth , hitting only .179 coming into the game , drew a leadoff walk from Contreras .
Melky Cabrera moved the runner along with a sacrifice bunt before Prado struck out .
After Jason
Heyward took an intentional walk , Infante lined a single over leaping second baseman Chase Utley to drive in the winning run .
" Contreras has been pitching really good , " Infante said through an interpreter .
" That was a difficult at - bat for me .
But everything is going well for us .
I was happy to make contact and find the hole . "
Infante started the day on the bench , but came on in the fifth inning after Jones left with inflammation in his right ring finger .
He was listed as day to day .
" My timing was impeccable , " Jones quipped .
" Omar Infante put on a show . "
Lowe 's only troublesome inning was the third .
He gave up four singles -- one when Kendrick faked a bunt , then squared around to line a hit into left , and another when Valdez put down a perfect bunt .
But Utley hit into a double play to keep the Phillies from the big inning they so desperately need .
" That was a huge play , " Lowe said .
" That kept the momentum with us . "
Lowe struggled last season , his first in Atlanta after signing a four - year , $ 60 million contract .
But he 's come around over the past month , the breakthrough coming when he began to rely more on his changeup .
" The light bulb went on for me , " he said .
The Braves started strong against Kendrick -- back - to - back singles by Prado and Heyward put runners at first and third with no outs -- but they managed only one run .
Prado scored when Jones hit into a double play .
Raul Ibanez might have saved Kendrick a run in the second .
Troy Glaus hit a towering drive toward the left - field wall , but Ibanez reached over the yellow line and kept it in play .
He could n't hang on for the out , but the ball fell back onto the warning track as Glaus coasted into second for a leadoff double .
He did n't get any farther .
Glaus was doubled off the bag after Yunel Escobar 's liner up the middle was snagged by Kendrick .
Game notes
Kendrick had allowed no more than three earned runs in each of his eight career starts against the Braves .
...
Utley came into the game hitting .444 in his career against Lowe but went 0 for 3 on Wednesday , never getting the ball out of the infield .
The wave of social unrest is spreading .
A new round of protests has hit Spain with a public sector strike set for June 8 .
In Slovenia , students are protesting new rules that limit their work hours and pay .
" Luka Gubo " an economist from Slovenia writes :
Hi Mish !
First I must say that I love your blog .
Great job !
I just wanted you to know that Slovenian students are protesting too .
The main reason for organizing protests is changes in law regarding student jobs .
Current tax law makes average workers uncompetitive because businesses pay about 15 % income tax for students and more then 35 % income tax for average worker ( average net income is 930 € ) .
Bear in mind that the average time for a student to complete his higher education here is 6 years and that more then 20 % of " students " do not to school at all .
Instead , they just enjoy student benefits like lower income taxes , food stamps , etc .
I think that everyone would agree a new law is needed in Slovenia .
However , the new will limit the maximum hours worked by students to one third of full work time , and put a limit on maximum hourly wage at 8 € per hour .
That one * ing great free - market solution , would n't you agree ?
Here is the Slovenian parliament building after 2 hours :
The protests went smooth for a while , but it did not last long .
You can find a series of 39 images at http://www.finance.si/galerije/2139/3/
Luka Gubo
More Images
Greece , Spain hit by strikes over cuts
Public sector union ADEDY and private sector union GSEE called the strikes against the government 's austerity measures , in particular the pension reforms announced last week .
The reforms include raising the retirement age , which varies in different professions .
It is the first major strike since May 5 , when violent protests against the austerity measures resulted in the deaths of three people in the capital , Athens .
Spanish government workers were set to protest at 6 p.m. ( noon ET ) outside the Ministry of the Treasury in Madrid and outside the central government offices in their respective towns .
Spanish government workers were set to protest at 6 p.m. ( noon ET ) outside the Ministry of the Treasury in Madrid and outside the central government offices in their respective towns .
US Not Immune to Public Worker Protests
yet
..... Click here for a series of 15 Tribune Images of the Pro-Tax Rally .
SEUI Union
Thugs
Note the following video was removed by the " user " in this case the SEIU when they realized it was causing a backlash against their thug tactics .
Unions Getting More Aggressive and Obnoxious
To appreciate just how obnoxious union thugs are in Illinois , please play the above video .
I had to play it a few times to make out the key chant from a woman on a megaphone .
Here it is .
What do we want ?
More money .
What do we want ?
We want more money .
When do we want it ?
Now ?
When do we want it ?
Now ?
The Ace of Spades blog commented on the rally in " Raise My Taxes !
Raise My Taxes !
Raise My Taxes ! "
So chanted thousands of bused - in ACFSME union " grassroots " agitators to Illinois state congressmen , urging them to " raise [ our ] taxes ! " so that their salaries and benefits would n't be cut .
The rest of the public is finally starting to notice that , and that the public -- 20 % of whom are out of a job or working part - time when they want a full - time job -- is basically paying their employees more than they themselves receive in salary , and with far better benefits and job - security , too .
People are finally starting to understand that they are , ultimately , the boss , and all these 4 % - per - year raises and ridiculously huge pension plans are coming out of their own hide .
I do n't think the unions understand this .
They are getting more aggressive and obnoxious about their undeservedly high salaries and pension plans rather than being conciliatory about it .
They are continuing to demand salaries and benefits that most of the rest of the country could only dram of without even offering even the slightest apologies to the strapped taxpayers whose incomes they are reducing in order to increase their own .
I do n't think that 's going to play well in 2012 .
I do n't think these guys are understanding that things have changed , and that the public is no longer willing to uncritically bless 4 % - a - year - regular - as - clockwork raises when their salaries have been more or less flat for a good long time .
Huge Anti-Union Backlash Starting
If unions think these outrageous tactics are going to bring them sympathy from the public , they are sadly mistaken .
Thus , as disgusting as those rallies are , I am grateful for them .
Anyone in the private sector out of a job , or with a 401 - K chopped to bits , or anyone who has had to take a huge cut in pay is going to be disturbed and angered by those union images and videos .
The Ace of Spades said " I do n't think that 's going to play well in 2012 " .
Forget about 2012 , I do n't think it will play now .
In fact , I know it does not play now .
Chicago Teachers Chant " Give Up The Bucks "
This is what the welfare state looks like .
The formerly great state of Illinois , having thoroughly run its budget into the ground , is considering digging an even deeper hole by raising taxes .
Exactly the shot in the arm the economy needs !
Of course , public sector unions are in full - throttle support of the tax grab .
( No recession for those that live off taxpayers . )
On Wednesday , a phalanx of public sector employees , including SEIU , Illinois Education Association , Illinois Federation of Teachers , AFSCME , and AFL - CIO , rallied in support of the tax hike in the capital , Springfield .
Yes , this woman is responsible for educating some number of your children .
Her chant goes to the heart of what ’s wrong with our public school system … it is designed for the adults in the system , i.e. teachers and not the children .
The task at hand is even bigger than we feared .
Buzzword of the Day is Austerity
Social unrest continues to brew in Europe .
This time in Romania and Greece .
France is on deck as French President Nicolas Sarkozy battles unions who refuse any cuts in pension benefits .
French unions have called for a general strike starting May 27 .
Let 's kick of the discussion with a look at Romania .
The BBC reports Thousands protest over Romania austerity measures .
....
Spain unions to battle pay cuts for civil servants
Spanish unions on Thursday promised to fight austerity moves in the courts after the Socialist government said it would introduce a cut in public sector wages through a royal decree , bypassing parliament .
Anti-Austerity Protests
NICOSIA ( Reuters ) - Police in Cyprus issued an arrest warrant on Thursday for a suspected Russian spy wanted by the United States who vanished shortly after being freed on bail on the Mediterranean island .
Christopher Robert Metsos , 55 , who American authorities accuse of being the paymaster for a network of Russian agents in the United States , failed to report to a police station on Wednesday , violating terms of his bail granted a day earlier .
A police statement issued on Thursday said Metsos was wanted for “ disobeying a court order ” on June 30 .
“ We have no indications of where he may be , ” Michalis Katsounotos , a police spokesman , said , adding that he had cleared out his apartment .
The spokesman declined to speculate about whether he had fled Cyprus .
Police were searching for him on the island .
Police released a photograph of Metsos on Thursday .
The suspect was of medium build , balding with grey hear , rimless spectacles and a neat mustache .
It was taken in Cyprus on June 29 , shortly before he was released on bail , police said .
Metsos is accused by U.S. authorities of having managed payments to a group of agents collecting information for Russian intelligence for at least a decade .
Ten suspects were arrested in the United States on Sunday , causing a diplomatic stir .
A Canadian passport holder , Metsos was arrested as he attempted to fly out of Cyprus in the early hours of June 29 for Budapest .
On the same day , a local court ordered he be freed on bail , rejecting a request from police he remain in custody until an extradition hearing scheduled for July 29 .
Metsos had checked in with police on the first day of his bail , on June 29 .
On Wednesday , the day of his disappearance , he was expected to discuss terms of his case with his lawyer , but Metsos did not communicate with him , the lawyer told Reuters .
Slideshow ( 5 images )
RISK OF FLIGHT
It is unusual for Cypriot courts to grant foreigners bail , since prosecutors cite the risk of flight from the island , particularly through a breakaway state in northern Cyprus .
Larnaca , a pretty seafront town where Metsos had been staying from June 17 is about 20 kilometres away from the ceasefire line which splits the island .
Slideshow ( 5 images )
There are a number of designated checkpoints linking Cyprus ’s estranged Greek Cypriot community in the south , and the Turkish community in the north .
A spokesman for Turkish Cypriot police said they had no knowledge of Metsos being in the north .
After checking out of one hotel on Tuesday , Metsos checked in to another complex of modest holiday apartments off the Larnaca seafront promenade .
In the United States , Metsos and his 10 co-accused face charges of collecting information ranging from research programs on small - yield , high - penetration nuclear warheads to the global gold market , and seeking background on people who applied for jobs at the Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) .
The 55 - year - old had specifically been accused of receiving and making payments to the other members of the group .
U.S. Justice Department documents say he received payments during a brush - pass with a Russian government official who was affiliated with the Russian mission to the United Nations in New York , and of burying cash which was then retrieved by other suspects .
Image caption Mr Salmond said the documents would vindicate the Scottish government
The Scottish first minister has called on the UK and US governments to publish all of their documents relating to the release of the Lockerbie bomber .
The Sunday Times claimed to have seen a letter from the US administration to the Scottish government before the release of Abdelbaset Ali al - Megrahi .
It said the US government did not want Megrahi released from prison .
But it said a compassionate release would be " preferable " to transferring Megrahi to a jail in Libya .
Alex Salmond said the documents would " vindicate " the Scottish government .
Megrahi was jailed after being convicted by a Scottish court of murdering 270 people by blowing up Pan Am flight 103 over the town of Lockerbie , in south west Scotland , in 1988 .
The majority of those who died were US citizens .
He was released in August last year after doctors said he was dying of prostate cancer and had three months to live .
Speaking on Sky News , Mr Salmond emphasised that the Scottish government had made public all of its own documents relating to the release of Megrahi .
He said the UK and US governments had refused to grant permission for some of the correspondence they had with the Scottish government ahead of Megrahi 's release to be published .
Mr Salmond did not explicitly confirm the existence of the letter referred to in the Sunday Times .
Senate committee
But he said : " I think that a fair description of the American government 's position is they did n't want al - Megrahi to be released .
" However , if he was to be released , they thought it was far preferable for compassionate release as opposed to the prisoner transfer agreement .
" Presumably the reason that they were so opposed to the prisoner transfer agreement is on roughly the same grounds as the Scottish government had for opposing that agreement - because it was signed initially at the same time as an oil deal was being signed in the famous Deal in the Desert . "
The US ambassador to the UK , Louis Susman , said the US was examining whether its correspondence over the issue could be released but refused to be drawn on the reported memo ..
Image caption Senators want to investigate claims oil giant BP lobbied for the Lockerbie bomber 's release
The ambassador added : " It is quite clear that the US government was strongly against the release of Megrahi .
" We had a mutual understanding with the British government that if he was tried and convicted he would serve his entire sentence in Scotland .
" The fact that the justice minister made a decision on compassionate grounds to release him was something we were not in favour of .
" We obviously had conversations with them in which we strongly objected to any type of release . "
Oil firm BP admitted earlier this month it had lobbied the UK government in late 2007 to conclude the prisoner transfer agreement with Libya as it feared any further delay would damage its commercial interests in the region , including the ratification by the Libyan government of BP 's exploration agreement .
Mr Salmond repeated that the Scottish government had no contact with BP in the build up to Megrahi 's release on compassionate grounds .
Last week , President Barack Obama told a White House press conference that the US had been " surprised , disappointed and angry " about Megrahi being released .
The Scottish government has refused to send any representatives to a US Senate committee hearing into Megrahi 's release , which is due to be held on Thursday .
The committee , which is to be chaired by New Jersey Senator Robert Menendez , wants to establish whether oil giant BP influenced the decision .
Mr Menendez is also understood to have requested that the correspondence between the Scottish and US governments be published .
Former UK Home Secretary Jack Straw has also declined an invitation to appear before the committee .
Me and photography – that is one romantic love story .
It all began about nine months ago when I started stealing my boyfriend ’s ‘ big ’ camera .
And let me tell you that he was all happy about it ( where ‘ happy ’ stands for hurt , disturbed and angry ) .
Anyhow , I kept stealing his big DSLR camera – no matter what – because that miraculous thing with a lens started to provide a great outlet for my self - expression and creativity .
Oh , and my boyfriend , do n’t you worry about him , he got used it ( my left - hand punch is very famous ; I can punch and run away very quickly …
NOT ! ) .
Of all the places that this wonderful planet offers I and my new camera decided to settle in the kitchen .
And we ’ve barely left that place ever since .
There ’s just something truly special about the kitchen – to me it ’s a place where magic happens .
Whether it ’s just the appearance of various kinds of food I admire or the experiments I make .
Yeah , to me cooking and baking is one huge experiment .
And I guess I am not the only one who feels the same way …
Taking pictures of it all even adds to that enormously enjoyable experience .
In the field of photography I ’ve learned so much … and I am still learning .
For example , the shadow .
I ’ve learned that food , to be presented at its best , needs a sufficient amount of light .
Soon I understood that it was very good to place the food that I was going to capture by the window .
But then there was this shadow .
When I studied some photos of other photographers I wondered how they got their meals so wonderfully and evenly lit from all sides .
First I thought they must have used some kind of artificial light to achieve that .
Stand light or something .
Okay , my boyfriend kept uttering something about reflectors and I , in return , kept ignoring him ( because I ’m just the smartest and stubbornest person in the universe and have to learn my own way ) .
Anyway , there came the day when I stumbled upon a ‘ light reflector ’ discussion on the internet .
And that was a big day for me .
It allowed me to move from this …
… to this .
With the help of my masterpiece – ‘ a homemade light reflector ’ .
My pride and joy .
What this thing does , basically , is that it bounces back ( or reflects ) the light that comes from some light source ( the window , in my case ) .
And yes , I made it myself ( would you say that ? ) .
It only took some cardboard , some aluminum foil to cover the cardboard , something to tape these two things together and about 5 minutes of time .
Easy .
Please notice that I folded the aluminum - covered paper in the middle so that it stands upright .
Some grown - up people use fancy looking reflectors like this one .
Since I ’m not a fully grown - up person yet I had to make my own reflector .
I placed the object between the window and the reflector …
… and got this result .
No shadow !
It works !
I ’m so pleased .
This is another example .
A picture with the window light only .
And here is one with the window light and the reflector - bounced light too .
Does n’t the strawberry smoothie look much more appetizing this way ?
Here are the two pictures side by side for you to compare .
I hope this tip helps you in your ‘ awesome - picture - making ’ quest .
Now that I ’ve won the fight with the shadow I can go and solve another 1200 questions I have about taking pictures .
I love that aspect of photography – there ’s always something to learn and think about .
It never gets boring .
Amen .
See ya soon , dear friends .
Love ,
Petra
Consider the vast legal apparatus we maintain to reduce the US ’s ~ 30,000 annual car crash deaths .
This includes a vast complex of traffic laws , such as re speeding and stop signs , auto safety rules and tests , and huge police forces and courts devoted to enforcing all this .
Now consider that catheter - related infections at hospitals killl a similar number of folks , and can be almost completely stopped via a simple five step procedure , and yet we have almost no related legal apparatus .
No laws require hospitals to follow these procedures , or to pass tests showing they can reliably do so , no police checks to see that they actually do so , nor do courts adjudicate many disputes here .
Instead we mainly hope for results from “ federally funded programs ” that pay hospitals who start programs where they say they will look into the problem .
Todays ’ Post :
An estimated 80,000 patients per year develop catheter - related bloodstream infections , or CRBSIs — which can occur when tubes that are inserted into a vein to monitor blood flow or deliver medication and nutrients are improperly prepared or left in longer than necessary .
About 30,000 patients die as a result , according to the [ CDC ] . …
Yet evidence suggests hospital workers could all but eliminate CRBSIs by following a five - step checklist that is stunningly basic : ( 1 ) Wash hands with soap ; ( 2 ) clean patient ’s skin with an effective antiseptic ; ( 3 ) put sterile drapes over the entire patient ; ( 4 ) wear a sterile mask , hat , gown and gloves ; ( 5 ) put a sterile dressing over the catheter site . …
A federally funded program implementing these measures in intensive - care units in Michigan hospitals reduced the incidence of CRBSIs by two - thirds , saving more than 1,500 lives and $ 200 million in the first 18 months . …
“ The cost of implementing [ such programs ] is about $ 3,000 per infection , while an infection costs between $ 30,000 to $ 36,000 . ”
From the numbers above , the cost to society of each infection is ~ 3/8 of a life , which is at least a million dollars .
So hosptials internalize ~3 % of the social cost of such infections .
In contrast , car drivers typically internalize at least 30 % of the social cost of car accidents they influence .
By this measure , it would make more sense to completely eliminate all traffic laws and trust personal incentives to moderate car accidents than it does to trust hospital financial incentives to cut catheter - related infections .
So why do we trust hospitals so much more than car drivers ?
Added : Apparently attempts to try these checklists were banned for a while as unethical medical experiments , because careful records were being kept .
GD Star Rating
loading ...
DETROIT –
The growing movement to “ bail out the people , not the banks ” came a step closer to being reality during a rally this past Friday at the United States Social Forum ( USSF ) .
It was organized by the USSF Faith and Spirituality Committee .
Two issues were highlighted : the home foreclosure crisis and the unfair treatment of farm workers who work in the tobacco fields of North Carolina .
JP Morgan Chase bank gets its hands dirty in both .
They hold many of the home loans being foreclosed on and Chase is one of the lead banks that have invested $ 498 million in Reynolds American , one of the largest tobacco companies in the U.S .
Newly elected United Auto Workers President Bob King told the rally farm workers at Reynolds are “ living in third world conditions where they are not given proper wages ; they are not given proper water . ”
He said these injustices will only stop when people of conscience say , “ we are not gong to take it anymore ; we are going to stand together . ”
King also spoke to the foreclosure crisis .
“ Those banks are fully rewarded by the federal government .
They get all the loans back .
We have to stand up and fight because the banks are getting paid .
They ( the government ) are guaranteeing their loans .
Those families should be allowed to stay in their homes . ”
He asked , “ how can we allow the same creators of the crisis six months later to get million dollar bonuses ?
How can we at the same time let people who every day of their life have lived with a great work ethic , have lived according to the rules , have gone to work every day , have supported their schools , yet were letting them lose their homes while the bankers are riding on their million dollar bonuses ? ”
Baldemar Velasquez , President of the Farm Labor Organizing Committee ( FLOC ) , AFL - CIO , which represents workers in North Carolina spoke about the responsibility the bank has for the horrible conditions farm workers have to endure .
On this coming Labor Day he asked people to pledge to withdraw their money from Chase if they wo n’t “ sit down and negotiate an agreement . ”
Velasquez said the campaign will be carried across the country .
“ If they are going to use that money to exploit us , it does n’t make any sense .
We are going to make it right by not allowing our money to be used against ourselves . ”
Rev. David Bullock , president of Rainbow PUSH Detroit said , “ We live in a time when greed is taking over America .
We are so beholden to money .
We are bowing down to the almighty dollar .
Somebody tell me :
What happened to caring about children ?
What happened to caring about families ?
What happened to the American dream of home ownership ? ”
“ We ’re not asking for anything Wall Street has n’t gotten , ” he said .
Those at the rally marched to the steps of Detroit ’s home office for Chase Bank .
A delegation of four led by King and Velasquez demanded to meet with bank officials and were finally let in .
Later they returned with Velasquez announcing that they had won the “ first step to victory ” in their call for a temporary moratorium on home foreclosures in Michigan : bank officials agreed to meet within two weeks .
Regarding farm workers in North Carolina , Velasquez said if there is n’t progress by Labor Day in FLOC ’s campaign for improved conditions for Reynolds ’ tobacco workers , the campaign to withdraw money will be in full swing .
People are quickly taking notice of the new activism in the UAW .
King said “ wherever workers or people are standing up and fighting for justice the UAW is going to be there with you . ”
The union is off to an excellent start .
A leader of the UAW told me “ I ’ve been on more UAW endorsed marches in the last week than in the last ten years . ”
Photo : John Rummel
Loveparade : Das Spiel mit getürkten Teilnehmerzahlen Florian Rötzer
Offenbar hat der Veranstalter mit Duldung der Verantwortlichen in den Städten die Zahlen schon für die Loveparade in Essen und Dortmund weit übertrieben
Bislang war es ein Rätsel , wie viele Menschen nun tatsächlich an der Loveparade in Duisburg teilgenommen haben .
Die Rede war gar von bis zu 1,4 Millionen Teilnehmern , was die Panik auf der Rampe plausibel machen würde , schließlich war die Veranstaltung nur für 250.000 Menschen genehmigt worden .
Die Veranstalter Lopavent kürzte die Teilnehmerzahl auf 200.000 herunter , die Polizei ging von höchstens 350.000 bis 400.000 Menschen in ganz Duisburg für den ganzen Tag aus ( Schuld sind die Anderen ) .
Wie DerWesten nun berichtet , hat der Veranstalter schon seit Jahren mit falschen Zahlen gehandelt , um das Image der Loveparade aufzuwerten .
So sollen auf der Loveparade 2007 in Essen 1,2 Millionen Menschen gewesen sein , in Dortmund sogar 1,6 Millionen .
Aber nach einem " streng vertraulichen " Dokument , aus dem DerWesten zitiert , hätten die wirklichen Zahlen " keinen Bezug zur offiziellen Besucherzahl für mediale Zwecke " .
Für die " öffentliche Besucherzahl " habe man einfach die Zahl der erwarteten Besucher verdreifacht , während man die wirklichen Zahlen geheim hielt .
Das wüssten auch die Verwaltungen , meint DerWesten .
Und das klingt plausibel , schließlich schätzt nicht nur der Veranstalter große Zahlen , weil das mehr Aufmerksamkeit und mehr Geld bringt , sondern auch für die Städte sind solche Meta - Ereignisse eine Imagewerbung , wie man das ja nun auch wieder an Duisburg feststellen konnte .
In Dortmund will die Stadtverwaltung an den 1,6 Millionen festhalten , aus dem Papier gehe aber hervor , dass dort die Fläche noch kleiner war als Duisburg .
Erwartet wurden in Dortmund maximal 480.000 Menschen bei schönem
Wetter , während es dann aber regnete .
In Dortmund sollten es mehr Besucher sein als in Essen , daher habe man einen " Sicherheitsaufschlag " gemacht , wobei in Essen mit maximal 235.000 Besuchern gerechnet worden ist .
Angeblich hat der Veranstalter die Verantwortlichen der Stadt Duisburg gebeten , die wirklichen Zahlen geheim zu halten : " Eine Veröffentlichung dieser Zahlen könnte dem öffentlichen Ansehen der Veranstaltung immensen Schaden zuführen , was sicher weder im Interesse des Veranstalters liegt noch im Interesse der Stadt Duisburg " , so soll es im Papier heißen .
Das ist dann wohl im in Interesse des Veranstalters und dem scheinbaren Interesse der Stadtoberen auch so passiert .
Es geht nicht nur um Irreführung der Öffentlichkeit , sondern mit den weitaus niedrigeren Zahlen werden die mangelhaften Sicherheitsvorkehrungen noch einmal in einem anderen Licht dargestellt .
Bislang ging man oft davon aus , dass man auf die vielen Besucher nicht eingestellt war , jetzt müsste man , nachdem tatsächlich nicht mehr , sondern eher weniger Menschen als genehmigt auf dem Platz waren , davon ausgehen , dass man nicht einmal für den erwarteten Besucherstrom vorgesorgt hat .
Und man könnte sich denken , dass die Verantwortlichen dachten , dass angesichts der realistisch zu erwartenden Menge das Sicherheitsproblem der Unterführung und nur eines Zu- und Abganges über die Rampe wohl keine Rolle spielen sollte .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Faisal Shahzad : " Islam will spread on the whole world and democracy will be defeated " - video courtesy of al - Arabiya
A video has emerged in which the man who attempted to set off a car bomb in New York defends his actions .
Faisal Shahzad says in the tape he is carrying out the Times Square attack as revenge for Muslim fighters , " oppressed and weak Muslims " , and " martyrs " .
The Pakistani - born US citizen has admitted all charges relating to the attempted attack on 1 May .
A petrol and propane bomb was left in a car but failed to ignite .
Shahzad is due to be sentenced in October .
A street vendor saw smoke coming from the vehicle and alerted the police .
I will take revenge on their behalf and I really wish that the hearts of the Muslims will be pleased with this attack Faisal Shahzad
Shahzad was arrested two days later as he tried to take a flight to Dubai from New York 's John F Kennedy airport .
In the video , broadcast on the al - Arabiya TV station , Shahzad refers to the US - led war in Afghanistan and to two Islamist leaders killed by US forces - Baytullah Mehsud and Abu Musaab al - Zarqawi of al - Qaeda in Iraq .
" Eight years has passed by in Afghanistan and you will see that the Muslim war has just started , " he says .
" This attack on the United States will also be a revenge attack for all the mujahideen ... and the weak and oppressed Muslims , for example Baytullah Mehsud and Abu Musaab al - Zarqawi , and all the Muslims and Arabs that have been martyred .
" I will take revenge on their behalf and I really wish that the hearts of the Muslims will be pleased with this attack .
" Islam will spread on the whole world and democracy will be defeated ... and the world of Allah will be supreme . "
' Muslim soldier '
In a court appearance in Manhattan last month , Shahzad said he wanted to let the US know that if it did not get out of Iraq and Afghanistan and stop drone attacks and meddling in Muslim lands , " we will be attacking US " .
Faisal Shahzad charges
Attempted use of a weapon of mass destruction
Conspiracy to use a weapon of mass destruction
Possession of a firearm during and in relation to a conspiracy to use a weapon of mass destruction
Attempted act of terrorism transcending national boundaries
Conspiracy to commit an act of terrorism transcending national boundaries
Attempted use of a destructive device during and in relation to a conspiracy to commit an act of terrorism transcending national boundaries
Transportation of an explosive
Conspiracy to transport an explosive
Attempted destruction of property by fire and explosive
Conspiracy to destroy property by fire and explosive
Shahzad , 30 , told the court : " One has to understand where I 'm coming from .
I consider myself ... a Muslim soldier . "
During their investigation , the FBI traced the purchase of the Nissan Pathfinder SUV to Shahzad , a transaction that eventually led to his arrest .
While being interrogated , Shahzad revealed he had gone to Pakistan 's North Waziristan tribal region in December 2009 for bomb training with militants affiliated with the Pakistani Taliban , according to the indictment .
He is also alleged to have received about $ 5,000 in cash from an identified co-conspirator in Pakistan , whom he understood worked for the Taliban .
It said the same co-conspirator directed a second payment to Shahzad , of $ 7,000 in April , with which he bought a weapon , material to make the car bomb and the Nissan Pathfinder .
Five times a week , Barbara McGovern leaves her east Phoenix home to make the 15 - minute drive to Piestewa Peak , the mountain she has loved climbing for a decade .
But , in the coming weeks , as she pulls into a parking space , it will be with a bit of resentment .
Because starting Aug. 1 , it 's going to cost McGovern and anyone else who parks at one of the Phoenix mountain parks or preserves up to $ 5 a day .
" I 'm kind of flabbergasted , " McGovern said Friday , upon hearing about the new fee system Phoenix Parks and Recreation board members approved Thursday .
" It seems like we 're getting taxed right and left .
They should n't be charging for this .
It 's going to be a financial burden for some people . "
It 's not surprising that people are jolted by the fee , say local and national parks leaders .
It 's one more squeeze from the recession , one more change to public access .
" It 's the nature of parks systems , that we expect things to be free , like parking at a park , " said Rich Dolesh , chief of public policy for the National Recreation and Park Association .
" People feel like something is being taken away . "
The mountain parks and preserve areas ring Phoenix and , along with Piestewa , include Camelback , South and North mountain parks .
The new parking fee comes as parks and recreation officials attempt to generate $ 500,000 during fiscal 2010 - 11 as mandated by the city 's new efficiency committee .
The panel asked city departments to find revenue to help ease Phoenix 's budget woes .
Parks - board members came close to delaying a vote , arguing that the city does n't have specific counts of how many people visit the mountain parks and preserves .
Some members worried the public would balk at the fees .
Initially , the board considered charging up to $ 10 a day or $ 100 for an annual pass .
As a compromise , the seven - member board unanimously approved a lesser charge of up to $ 5 a day , $ 50 for six months or $ 75 per year .
Papago Park | South Mountain Park
6 - month trial period
As the trial period gets under way , there is some wiggle room to charge a little less at certain parks or during different seasons .
But other board members noted that there is a $ 6 daily fee or $ 75 annual fee to park in the Maricopa County desert preserves .
Laura Bell , chairman of the parks board , said the fee is necessary because of the Parks and Recreation Department 's need to find $ 500,000 , which will go into the general fund with the hope that it could be used for park programs .
" We 've got to come up with the money somehow , " she said .
Phoenix resident Karen Stone understands the city 's dilemma .
" I think the fee is OK , " she said , preparing for an early - morning hike Friday at North Mountain Park on North Seventh Street .
" If it helps preserve the parks , that 's fine . "
Matt Schmitt , 28 , another visitor Friday to the park , was taken aback by the news .
" Wow , the $ 75 seems a little steep , " the Phoenix resident said .
Schmitt , who leads a cross-country running group of students from Glendale High School , said they use one of the mountain parks in the Valley at least once a week .
With the new fee , he said , they may have to stay with Thunderbird Conservation Park in Glendale , which has no charge .
How to get a pass
McGovern , 60 , who enjoys her routine and seeing familiar faces on the mountain trail near 24th Street and Lincoln Drive , figures she 'll relent and get the annual pass .
Passes would be purchased online , at a parks department website that will be set up this month .
Users will log in their car license - plate number and other information , pay and then print out the pass to be placed on their dashboard .
Passes also will be sold at city parks and recreation offices .
Multiple family cars , two or three , can be listed for that same annual pass , said Jim Burke , Phoenix assistant parks director .
No passes are needed for anyone hiking , biking or riding a horse into the Phoenix mountain parks or preserves .
For the first six months of the program , no one without a pass will be fined .
But notices will go on windshields , noting the new fees and how they can pay for the pass .
Although the fee system did not require City Council approval , the council will have to approve allowing the park rangers to issue citations related to the fees once the system goes into effect .
Burke said having to check for violations is not expected to interfere with the rangers ' jobs .
However , he did note that because of city budget cuts , there are now 54 rangers , down from 80 not long ago .
The city will have to monitor whether people opt to park in residential neighborhoods , rather than pay for parking .
One option is to put up no -parking signs or create a residential permit .
A ' Pandora 's box '
Dolesh , of the national parks association , understands the city 's budgetary plight but hopes the city can find donors to raise money .
" I give them credit for ambitiously using technology to collect the money , but I 'm afraid they 're opening Pandora 's box , " he said .
" They need to have an effective way to pay for service as you enter the park . "
One problem is out - of - state visitors .
" You do n't want to ticket those people , " Dolesh said .
" They 're just trying to visit the park . "
Dolesh suggests the city find a company willing to set up a kiosk that would allow people to use a credit card to purchase a pass .
Phoenix park officials said they do n't have the money to pay for such a machine now .
A drop box for payment is too risky , they said .
And rangers should n't be burdened by having to collect money .
Dolesh said it 's an emotional issue for all preserve users .
" But maybe it 's time for people not to take their parks for granted , " he said .
" Traditionally , things have been free .
But parks systems are being squeezed by the recession .
I do n't think we 've seen the worst of it yet . "
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
July 27th , 2010
Via : Bloomberg :
U.S. taxpayers may be on the hook for as much as $ 23.7 trillion to bolster the economy and bail out financial companies , said Neil Barofsky , special inspector general for the Treasury ’s Troubled Asset Relief Program .
The Treasury ’s $ 700 billion bank - investment program represents a fraction of all federal support to resuscitate the U.S. financial system , including $ 6.8 trillion in aid offered by the Federal Reserve , Barofsky said in a report released today .
“ TARP has evolved into a program of unprecedented scope , scale and complexity , ” Barofsky said in testimony prepared for a hearing tomorrow before the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform .
…
Barofsky said the TARP inspector general ’s office has 35 ongoing criminal and civil investigations that include suspected accounting , securities and mortgage fraud ; insider trading ; and tax investigations related to the abuse of TARP programs .
Posted in Economy Top Of Page
Ireland is moving to block a planned agreement on data sharing due to be signed between Israel and the European Union .
Ireland 's minister of justice Dermott Ahern said he was profoundly concerned about the proposed data transfer .
He said Israel needed to prove its data protection principles , especially in the light of the alleged forgery of Irish passports by Israeli security forces .
A spokesman for Dermott Ahern told the Irish Times : “ It may well be the case that Israel provides data protections which meet EU standards .
But the Minister believes the EU committee has to take very serious account of the forgery of EU passports – including Irish ones – by Israel in recent months .
Personal data provided innocently to Israeli officials by Irish citizens was used in forging passports .
Other EU countries , particularly the UK , had similar experiences and that is a matter of the gravest concern . ”
The objection means the agreement must now be looked at by a data protection committee rather than automatically coming into force .
Ireland expelled an Israeli diplomat over the passport row after a Garda report found little reason to doubt that an Israeli government agency was responsible for forging the passports .
Irish officials are also seeking an explanation as to how and why one of the Russian spies recently expelled from the USA had an Irish passport .
Israel has never admitted any role in the assassination of Mahmoud al - Mabhouh in Dubai earlier this year .
The team used various passports including Australian , British , Irish and French documents .
At least some of the passports were forms of clone - and contained data and real passport numbers from real UK citizens . ®
Baby Boy Drowns During Baptism Ceremony in Moldova
A shocking incident occurred in the village of Mihaileny of Rishcansky district of Moldova with a boy named Laurentiu , who was born six weeks ago in the family of 24 - year - old Ludmila and Dmitry Gaydeu .
Baby Boy Drowns During Baptism Ceremony in Moldova
The parents decided to baptize the child on July 22 .
The priest of the local church , who is also the chief of all priests of the district , was not going to be there , so he asked priest Valentine Tsaralunge from the village of Taul to perform the ceremony .
“ We have not figured out yet why he invited this father Valentine and not another priest from Riscani district , ” Valery Moskalu , the district police officer , told Komsomolskaya Pravda .
Approximately twenty of the closest relatives and friends came to the church at 4:30 PM .
Father Valentin began the baptism ceremony .
“ He dipped the baby in the water without even covering the baby 's mouth with his hand to prevent him from drowning , ” recalls Dmitry Gaydeu , the father of the six weeks - old Laurentiu .
“ He put his hand on his stomach and dipped him in the water three times . ”
The Godparents saw that the boy was not well and warned father Valentine .
He answered it was not the first time that he was conducting the ceremony and knew what he was doing .
When they saw that the child showed no signs of life , he was immediately taken to the district hospital .
“ We went along with the father , ” continues Dmitry Gaydeu .
” The physician - pathologist Sergei Railean said that my son has suffered mechanical asphyxia by drowning , there was bruising and bleeding in the soft tissues of his neck .
The doctor said the baby was healthy . ”
“ After that , father Valentine disappeared for some time , ” the police officer said .
“ Then he came to us .
We believe that during his absence he went to Chisinau , to the archdiocese . ”
Six - weeks - old Laurentiu was buried on Saturday , July 24 .
“ This is the case of homicide through reckless imprudence .
Father Valentine is facing up to three years of imprisonment .
However , he claims he is not guilty .
“ We will do everything to find out the truth , ” s aid Dmitry Gaydeu ”
The boy was healthy , so the priest who conducted the rite of baptism is to blame for his death . ”
Komsomolskaya Pravda
Salman Azbergeah , 47 ,
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
A 47 - year - old man was killed and three others were seriously injured Saturday afternoon during a gang quarrel over a mosque next to the central bus station in Lod that turned serious .
The injured young men were taken to Asaff HaRofe hospital in Tsrifin .
The argument is believed to have started when members of one of the rival gangs refused to let members of the other gang into the mosque for prayers .
According to witnesses the gangs used knives as the brawl continued and at one stage live fire was heard .
Criminal identification experts found blood in many locations in the area but did not find the remainder of any bullets .
was taken to hospital in a critical condition after the brawl but was announced dead on arrival .
A large number of police officers arrived at the scene in order to return calm to the area .
Police officers were also deployed to various houses of the rival gang members in an attempt to prevent revenge attacks .
hey !
i play music in anamanaguchi my email is peter.berkman@gmail.comyou can also just ask me stuff , but please email me instead ( definitely wo n't answer here if it's anonymous ) i have changed my tumblr theme
WASHINGTON -- Embattled Democratic Rep. Charles Rangel was meeting with the head of the House ethics committee and other top Democrats amid rumors he may try to work out a deal rather than face a full vetting of the charges he is now facing .
A settlement would mean Rangel must admit he committed some ethical misconduct .
" This has been a nightmare , " Rangel said Tuesday about the ethics controversy .
" I wish this never happened . "
House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer , D - Md. , said Tuesday that " everyone would like for the Rangel issue to go away " and that the ethics process with Rangel is not a pleasant one .
Rangel would not respond to requests for information about the investigation , citing the " sensitive circumstances " of the probe .
He added to reporters : " You will not be able to frame any question , no matter how good you think you are , ( to which ) I will respond . "
Asked whether there was a deal , Rangel said , " Not that I know of . "
Asked whether he was trying to avoid a trial , Rangel said , " No . I 'm looking forward to almost two years of waiting for an opportunity to respond to alleged violations so I wo n't have to be saying no comment , no comment , no comment . "
Rangel said he is not in active contact with his lawyers as they negotiate with Ethics committee staff .
Ethics committee Chairwoman Zoe Lofgren has been preparing to launch a rare , public ethics inquiry on Thursday into alleged misdeeds by the New York Democrat .
Lofgren will chair an " adjudicatory subcommittee " that will present its case against Rangel .
An investigative panel reported last week that it had found ethics violations by Rangel .
For nearly two years , the ethics committee has probed Rangel on a host of issues , ranging from tax evasion to improper use of congressional stationery to raise money for a school of public affairs in the congressman 's name at City College of New York .
Rangel met with Lofgren on Monday night and sought closed - door counsel from Rep. Chris Van Hollen , D - Md. , a special assistant to House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and chairman of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee .
" I think he's in the process of trying to determine the best course forward , " said Van Hollen .
" I was presenting him with my observations . "
A settlement would spare him an embarrassing ethics trial and would be a relief for other Democrats , who fear that a dragged - out ethics proceeding during the fall election campaign would hurt their ability to maintain their House majority .
At least two Democrats are trying to distance themselves from Rangel as the process plays out .
" Now that the investigation is complete and provided the facts are as alleged , I think it 's clear that he should resign from Congress , " said Rep .
Walt Minnick , D - Idaho .
" I did n't know him when I accepted money from him , " added Rep. Kathy Dahlkemper , D - Pa. , who has returned campaign donations .
Dahlkemper said it 's a " common practice " for party leaders to " give money to people who they think will be successful .
So politically it could become an issues , but I decided to take care of it before it did . "
Rangel said it 's a lawmaker 's prerogative to decide whether to return contributions .
Fox News ' Chad Pergram and Shannon Bream contributed to this report .
A while back , a couple of BitFolk customers mentioned to me that they were having problems running out of entropy .
A brief explanation of entropy as it relates to computing ^
Where we say entropy , we could in layman ’s terms say “ randomness ” .
Computers need entropy for a lot of things , particularly cryptographic operations .
You may not think that you do a lot of cryptography on your computer , and you personally probably do n’t , but for example every time you visit a secure web site ( https : //… ) your computer has to set up a cryptographic channel with the server .
Cryptographic algorithms generally require a lot of random data and it has to be secure random data .
For the purposes of this discussion , “ secure ” means that an attacker should n’t be able to guess or influence what the random data is .
Why would an attacker be able to guess or influence the random data if it is actually random ?
Because it ’s not actually random .
The computer has to get the data from somewhere .
A lot of places it might be programmed to get it from may seem random but potentially are n’t .
A silly implementation might just use the number of seconds the computer has been running as a basis for generating “ random ” numbers , but you can see that an attacker can guess this and may even be able to influence it , which could weaken any cryptographic algorithm that uses the “ random ” data .
Modern computers and operating systems generate entropy based on events like electrical noise , timings of data coming into the computer over the network , what ’s going on with the disks , etc. fed into algorithms — what we call pseudo - random number generators ( PRNGs ) .
A lot of data goes in and a relatively small amount of entropy comes out , but it ’s entropy you should be able to trust .
That works reasonably well for conventional computers and servers , but it does n’t work so well for virtual servers .
Virtual servers are running in an emulated environment , with very little access to “ real ” hardware .
The random data that conventional computers get from their hardware does n’t happen with emulated virtual hardware , so the prime source of entropy just is n’t present .
When you have an application that wants some entropy and the system has no more entropy to give , what usually happens is that the application blocks , doing nothing , until the system can supply some more entropy .
Linux systems have two ways for applications to request entropy : there ’s / dev/random and / dev/urandom .
random is the high - quality one .
When it runs out , it blocks until there is more available .
urandom will supply high - quality entropy until it runs out , then it will generate more programmatically , so it does n’t block , but it might not be as secure as random .
I ’m vastly simplifying how these interfaces work , but that ’s the basic gist of it .
What to do when there ’s no more entropy ? ^
If you ’re running applications that want a lot of high - quality entropy , and your system keeps running out , there ’s a few things you could do about it .
So stuff slows down , who cares ?
It ’s only applications that want high - quality entropy and they ’re pretty specialised , right ?
Well , no , not really .
If you ’re running a busy site with a lot of HTTPS connections then you probably do n’t want it to be waiting around for more entropy when it could be serving your users .
Another one that tends to use all the entropy is secure email – mail servers talking to each other using Transport Layer Security so the email is encrypted on the wire .
Use real hosting hardware ^
Most of BitFolk ’s customers are using it for personal hosting , this problem is common to virtual hosting platforms ( it ’s not a BitFolk - specific issue ) , and BitFolk does n’t provide dedicated / colo servers , so arguably I do n’t need to consider this my problem to fix .
If the customer could justify greater expense then they could move to a dedicated server or colo provider to host their stuff .
Tell the software to use urandom instead ^
In a lot of cases it ’s possible to tell the applications to use urandom instead .
Since urandom does n’t block , but instead generates more lower - quality entropy on demand , there should n’t be a performance problem .
There are obvious downsides to this :
If the application author wanted high - quality entropy , it might be unwise to not respect that .
Altering this may not be as simple as changing its configuration .
You might find yourself having to recompile the software , which is a lot of extra work .
You could force this system - wide by replacing your / dev/random with / dev/urandom .
Customers could get some more entropy from somewhere else ^
It ’s possible to feed your own data into your system ’s pseudo - random number generator , so if you have a good source of entropy you can help yourself .
People have used some weird and wonderful things for entropy sources .
Some examples :
A sound card listening to electro - magnetic interference ( “ static ” ) .
A web camera watching a lava lamp .
A web camera in a dark box , so it just sees noise on its CCD .
The problem for BitFolk customers of course is that all they have is a virtual server .
They ca n’t attach web cams and sound cards to their servers !
If they had real servers then they probably would n’t be having this issue at all .
BitFolk could get some entropy from somewhere else , and serve it to customers ^
BitFolk has the real servers , so I could do the above to get some extra entropy .
I might not even need extra entropy ; I could just serve the entropy that the real machines have .
If it was n’t for the existence of the Simtec Electronics Entropy Key then that ’s probably what I ’d be trying .
I have n’t got time to be playing about with sound cards listening to static , webcams in boxes and things like that , but buying a relatively cheap little gadget is well within the limit of things I ’m prepared to risk wasting money on . 🙂
Customers would need to trust my entropy , of course .
They already need to trust a lot of other things that I do though .
Entropy Key ^
Entropy Keys are very interesting little gadgets and I encourage you to read about how they work .
It ’s all a bit beyond me though , so for the purposes of this series of blog posts I ’ll just take it as read that you plug in an Entropy Key into a USB port , run ekeyd and it feeds high quality entropy into your PRNG .
I ’d been watching the development of the Entropy Key with interest .
When they were offered for cheap at the Debian - UK BBQ in 2009 I was sorely tempted , but I knew I was n’t going to be able to attend , so I left it .
Then earlier this year , James at Jump happened to mention that he was doing a bulk order ( I assume to fix this same issue for his own VPS customers ) if anyone wanted in .
Between the Debian BBQ and then I ’d had a few more complaints about people running out of entropy so at ~ £ 30 each I was thinking it was definitely worth exploring with one of them ; perhaps buy more if it works .
How much entropy do I have anyway ? ^
Before stuffing more entropy in to my systems , I was curious how much I had available anyway .
On Linux you can check this by looking at / proc / sys / kernel / random / entropy_avail .
I think this value is in bytes , and tops out at 4096 .
Not hard to plug this in to your graphing system .
Click on the following images to see the full - size versions .
Typical host server , no Entropy Key ^
Here ’s what some typical BitFolk VM hosting servers have in terms of available entropy .
That ’s pretty good .
The available entropy hovers close to 4096 bytes all the time .
It ’s what you ’d expect from a typical piece of computer hardware .
The weekly view shows the small jitter :
The lighter pink area is the highest 5 - minute reading in each 30 minute sample .
The dark line is the lowest 5 - minute reading .
You can see that there is a small amount of jitter where the available entropy fluctuates between about 3250 and 4096 bytes .
Here ’s a couple of the other host servers just to see the pattern :
No surprises here ; they ’re all much the same .
If these were the only machines I was using then I ’d probably decide that I have enough entropy .
Typical general purpose Xen - based paravirtualised virtual machine ^
Here ’s a typical general purpose BitFolk VPS .
It ’s doing some crypto stuff , but there ’s a good mix of every type of workload here .
These graphs are very different .
There ’s much more jitter and a general lack of entropy to begin with .
Still , it never appears to reach zero ( although it ’s important to realise that these graphs are at best 5 - minute averages , so the minimum and maximum values will be lower and higher within that 5 - minute span ) so there does n’t seem to be a huge problem here .
Virtual machines with more crypto ^
Here ’s a couple of VMs which are doing more SSL work .
This one has a fair number of web visitors and they ’re all HTTPS .
You can see that it ’s even more jittery , and spends most of its time with less than 1024 bytes of entropy available .
It goes as low as ~ 140 bytes from time to time , and because of the 5 - minute sampling it ’s possible that it does run out .
Again , this one has some HTTPS traffic and is faring worse for entropy , with an average of only ~470 bytes available .
I ran a check every second for several hours and available entropy at times was as low as 133 bytes .
Summary so far ^
BitFolk does n’t have any particularly busy crypto-heavy VMs so the above was the best I could do .
I think that I ’ve shown that virtual machines do have less entropy generally available , and that a moderate amount of crypto work can come close to draining it .
Based on the above results I probably would n’t personally take any action since it seems none of my own VMs run out of entropy , although I am unsure if the 133 bytes I measured was merely as low as the pool is allowed to go before blocking happens .
In any case , I am not really noticing poor performance .
Customers have reported running out of entropy though , so it might still be something I can fix , for them .
Next :
See what effect using an Entropy Key has on a machine ’s available entropy .
Assuming it has a positive effect , see if I can serve this entropy to other machines , particularly virtual ones .
Can I serve it from a virtual machine , so I do n’t have customers interacting with my real hosts ?
Does one Entropy Key give enough entropy for everyone that wants it ?
Can I add extra keys and serve their entropy in a highly - available fashion ?
Those are the things I ’ll be looking into and will blog some more about in later parts .
This is n’t high priority though so it might take a while .
In the meantime , if you ’re a BitFolk customer who actually is experiencing entropy exhaustion in a repeatable fashion then it ’d be great if you could get in touch with me so we can see if it can be fixed .
In part 2 of this series of posts I do get the key working and serve entropy to my virtual machines .
Insane Clown Posse 's Tuesday show at Marquee
Theatre was axed at the last minute , leaving many sad - faced kids in clown makeup wandering the streets of Tempe .
Why ?
The Detroit rap duo reportedly pulled the plug because they did n't have any Faygo to spray on the loyal Juggalos in the crowd .
A statement from to Violent J's official twitter :
Tonight 's show was postponed because of a Faygo delivery problem .
Now I 'm walking threw the Arizona Mills Mall .
The show will go on tomarrow
There is no other statement on either the band or the venue 's website .
No one at the Marquee was immediately available for comment and the band 's publicist in Detroit has not yet returned an e-mail .
So that 's the real deal , folks .
There will be another show tomorrow and , as we understand it , on Friday .
Until then , chill my ninjas .
Seriously , though everyone knows Mills is n't Juggalo turf ...
J should have chilled at Metrocenter .
BEIJING  Wu Yuren , an artist who helped lead an unusually bold public protest last winter over a land dispute , has been languishing in a Beijing jail for almost six weeks after having been beaten by police officers , his wife said on Thursday .
Mr. Wu ’s wife , Karen Patterson , a Canadian citizen , said in a telephone interview that the police were accusing her husband of assaulting an officer when he visited the police station on May 31 .
Ms. Patterson said she learned this only through their lawyer because the police had so far not formally told her that Mr. Wu had been arrested .
She decided to publicly discuss the arrest in recent days , she said , because of what she called her frustration with China ’s opaque legal system .
“ You do n’t realize how arcane this system is until you have to deal with it , ” Ms. Patterson said .
“ It ’s a nightmare . ”
Ms. Patterson said she and friends of Mr. Wu , 39 , believe that he had been arrested because of his recent activism , including his leadership of a group of artists from an artists ’ district known as 008 in resisting the encroachment of a real estate developer .
In February , those artists joined forces with artists from another Beijing neighborhood to march down Chang ’an Jie , a wide ceremonial avenue that runs past the Forbidden City and Tiananmen Square .
Chinese leaders are especially sensitive to protests in that area , and police officers stopped the protesters after they had walked about 500 yards .
By Aamina on Jul 13 , 2010
Hits :3526
U.K. officials suggest to give up Microsoft product and move to Linux and open - source software such as OpenOffice to save money .
U.K. officials suggest to use Linux and dump Microsoft
In response to the call for cost- cutting , from David Cameron , Prime Minister , the U.K. government staff suggested replacing operating systems on computers with free Linux ( Linux data recovery recommended ) , instead of Microsoft Windows .
Last month , Cameron asked the 600,000 government workers to make suggestions on how to save money and how to resolve the budget deficit .
George Osborne , Chancellor of the Exchequer , recently published 56,000 submitted ideas up to now , which including abandoning Microsoft and centralizing stationery procurement .
"
In order to cutting down expenses , why not to give upand move tosuch as OpenOffice ? " many officials suggested .
Open -source software such as Linux and OpenOffice ( OpenOffice search recommended ) offer free service and can be used to take place of Microsoft Windows and Microsoft Office , the world 's most popular operating system and productivity software .
" We need to follow the example of businesses all over the world and try to take advantage of open - source technology , " Osborne very approves of this idea and wrote in The Times of London early in February 2009 .UK announced that they are now asking the public to seek for opinions for how the government should save money to narrow the 155 - billion - pound ( $ 235 billion ) budget shortfall .
While , whether to use open - source product to replace Microsoft Windows and Office still needs further discussion .
ubuntu openoffice , openoffice 3 download , microsoft office 2010 , android 2.2 , android 3.0 gingerbread
The following is a transcript of Ambassador Chas Freeman , Jr. ‘s remarks , which begin around 17:00 .
Is Israel a strategic asset or liability for the United States ?
Interesting question .
In my view , there are many reasons for Americans to wish the Jewish state well .
Under current circumstances , strategic advantage for the United States is not one of them .
If we were to reverse the question , however , and to ask whether the United States is a strategic asset or liability for Israel , there would be no doubt about the answer .
American taxpayers fund between 20 and 25 percent of Israel ’s defense budget ( depending on how you calculate this ) .
Twenty - six percent of the $ 3 billion in military aid we grant to the Jewish state each year is spent in Israel on Israeli defense products .
Uniquely , Israeli companies are treated like American companies for purposes of U.S. defense procurement .
Thanks to congressional earmarks , we also often pay half the costs of special Israeli research and development projects , even when — as in the case of defense against very short - range unguided missiles — the technology being developed is essentially irrelevant to our own military requirements .
In short , in many ways , American taxpayers fund jobs in Israel ’s military industries that could have gone to our own workers and companies .
Meanwhile , Israel gets pretty much whatever it wants in terms of our top - of - the - line weapons systems , and we pick up the tab .
Identifiable U.S. government subsidies to Israel total over $ 140 billion since 1949 .
This makes Israel by far the largest recipient of American giveaways since World War II .
The total would be much higher if aid to Egypt , Jordan , Lebanon , and support for Palestinians in refugee camps and the occupied territories were included .
These programs have complex purposes but are justified in large measure in terms of their contribution to the security of the Jewish state .
Per capita income in Israel is now about $ 37,000 — on a par with the UK .
Israel is nonetheless the largest recipient of U.S. foreign assistance , accounting for well over a fifth of it .
Annual U.S. government transfers run at well over $ 500 per Israeli , not counting the costs of tax breaks for private donations and loans that are n’t available to any other foreign country .
These military and economic benefits are not the end of the story .
The American government also works hard to shield Israel from the international political and legal consequences of its policies and actions in the occupied territories , against its neighbors , or — most recently — on the high seas .
The nearly 40 vetoes the United States has cast to protect Israel in the UN Security Council are the tip of iceberg .
We have blocked a vastly larger number of potentially damaging reactions to Israeli behavior by the international community .
The political costs to the United States internationally of having to spend our political capital in this way are huge .
Where Israel has no diplomatic relations , U.S. diplomats routinely make its case for it .
As I know from personal experience ( having been thanked by the then Government of Israel for my successful efforts on Israel ’s behalf in Africa ) , the U.S. government has been a consistent promoter and often the funder of various forms of Israeli programs of cooperation with other countries .
It matters also that America — along with a very few other countries — has remained morally committed to the Jewish experiment with a state in the Middle East .
Many more Jews live in America than in Israel .
Resolute American support should be an important offset to the disquiet about current trends that has led over 20 percent of Israelis to emigrate , many of them to the United States , where Jews enjoy unprecedented security and prosperity .
Clearly , Israel gets a great deal from us .
Yet it ’s pretty much taboo in the United States to ask what ’s in it for Americans .
I ca n’t imagine why .
Still , the question I ’ve been asked to address today is just that : what ’s in it — and not in it — for us to do all these things for Israel .
We need to begin by recognizing that our relationship with Israel has never been driven by strategic reasoning .
It began with President Truman overruling his strategic and military advisers in deference to personal sentiment and political expediency .
We had an arms embargo on Israel until Lyndon Johnson dropped it in 1964 in explicit return for Jewish financial support for his campaign against Barry Goldwater .
In 1973 , for reasons peculiar to the Cold War , we had to come to the rescue of Israel as it battled Egypt .
The resulting Arab oil embargo cost us dearly .
And then there ’s all the time we ’ve put into the perpetually ineffectual and now long defunct “ peace process . ”
Still the US - Israel relationship has had strategic consequences .
There is no reason to doubt the consistent testimony of the architects of major acts of anti-American terrorism about what motivates them to attack us .
In the words of Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , who is credited with masterminding the 9/11 attacks , their purpose was to focus “ the American people … on the atrocities that America is committing by supporting Israel against the Palestinian people …. ”
As Osama Bin Laden , purporting to speak for the world ’s Muslims , has said again and again : “ we have … stated many times , for more than two - and - a - half - decades , that the cause of our disagreement with you is your support to your Israeli allies who occupy our land of Palestine … . ”
Some substantial portion of the many lives and the trillions of dollars we have so far expended in our escalating conflict with the Islamic world must be apportioned to the costs of our relationship with Israel .
It ’s useful to recall what we generally expect allies and strategic partners to do for us .
In Europe , Asia , and elsewhere in the Middle East , they provide bases and support the projection of American power beyond their borders .
They join us on the battlefield in places like Kuwait and Afghanistan or underwrite the costs of our military operations .
They help recruit others to our coalitions .
They coordinate their foreign aid with ours .
Many defray the costs of our use of their facilities with “ host nation support ” that reduces the costs of our military operations from and through their territory .
They store weapons for our troops ’ , rather than their own troops ’ use .
They pay cash for the weapons we transfer to them .
Israel does none of these things and shows no interest in doing them .
Perhaps it can’t .
It is so estranged from everyone else in the Middle East that no neighboring country will accept flight plans that originate in or transit it .
Israel is therefore useless in terms of support for American power projection .
It has no allies other than us .
It has developed no friends .
Israeli participation in our military operations would preclude the cooperation of many others .
Meanwhile , Israel has become accustomed to living on the American military dole .
The notion that Israeli taxpayers might help defray the expense of U.S. military or foreign assistance operations , even those undertaken at Israel ’s behest , would be greeted with astonishment in Israel and incredulity on Capitol Hill .
Military aid to Israel is sometimes justified by the notion of Israel as a test bed for new weapons systems and operational concepts .
But no one can identify a program of military R&D in Israel that was initially proposed by our men and women in uniform .
All originated with Israel or members of Congress acting on its behalf .
Moreover , what Israel makes it sells not just to the United States but to China , India , and other major arms markets .
It feels no obligation to take U.S. interests into account when it transfers weapons and technology to third countries and does so only under duress .
Meanwhile , it ’s been decades since Israel ’s air force faced another in the air .
It has come to specialize in bombing civilian infrastructure and militias with no air defenses .
There is not much for the U.S. Air Force to learn from that .
Similarly , the Israeli navy confronts no real naval threat .
Its experience in interdicting infiltrators , fishermen , and humanitarian aid flotillas is not a model for the U.S. Navy to study .
Israel ’s army , however , has had lessons to impart .
Now in its fifth decade of occupation duty , it has developed techniques of pacification , interrogation , assassination , and drone attack that inspired U.S. operations in Fallujah , Abu Ghraib , Somalia , Yemen , and Waziristan .
Recently , Israel has begun to deploy various forms of remote - controlled robotic guns .
These enable operatives at far - away video screens summarily to execute anyone they view as suspicious .
Such risk - free means of culling hostile populations could conceivably come in handy in some future American military operation , but I hope not .
I have a lot of trouble squaring the philosophy they embody with the values Americans traditionally aspired to exemplify .
It is sometimes said that , to its credit , Israel does not ask the United States to fight its battles for it ; it just wants the money and weapons to fight them on its own .
Leave aside the question of whether Israel ’s battles are or should also be America’s .
It is no longer true that Israel does not ask us to fight for it .
The fact that prominent American apologists for Israel were the most energetic promoters of the U.S. invasion of Iraq does not , of course , prove that Israel was the instigator of that grievous misadventure .
But the very same people are now urging an American military assault on Iran explicitly to protect Israel and to preserve its nuclear monopoly in the Middle East .
Their advocacy is fully coordinated with the Government of Israel .
No one in the region wants a nuclear - armed Iran , but Israel is the only country pressing Americans to go to war over this .
Finally , the need to protect Israel from mounting international indignation about its behavior continues to do grave damage to our global and regional standing .
It has severely impaired our ties with the world ’s 1.6 billion Muslims .
These costs to our international influence , credibility , and leadership are , I think , far more serious than the economic and other burdens of the relationship .
Against this background , it ’s remarkable that something as fatuous as the notion of Israel as a strategic asset could have become the unchallengeable conventional wisdom in the United States .
Perhaps it ’s just that as someone once said : “ people … will more easily fall victim to a big lie than a small one . ”
Be that as it may , the United States and Israel have a lot invested in our relationship .
Basing our cooperation on a thesis and narratives that will not withstand scrutiny is dangerous .
It is especially risky in the context of current fiscal pressures in the United States .
These seem certain soon to force major revisions of both current levels of American defense spending and global strategy , in the Middle East as well as elsewhere .
They also place federally - funded programs in Israel in direct competition with similar programs here at home .
To flourish over the long term , Israel ’s relations with the United States need to be grounded in reality , not myth , and in peace , not war .
– Chas Freeman , Jr. , was US ambassador to Saudi Arabia for the George H.W. Bush administration from 1989 to 1992 .
He delivered these remarks at the Nixon Center during a debate with the Israel lobby ’s Robert Satloff .
Autorelease is Fast
If you 've done much Cocoa programming , you 've probably run into a situation where you needed to create a local autorelease pool because of some sort of loop .
And you 've probably run into advice telling you not to create and destroy the pool for every iteration , because that would be slow .
I never believed that it could be significant , and I finally took the time to test it today .
What 's the verdict ?
Just as I thought , making autorelease pools is really fast .
I wrote a quick test program to allocate a million NSObjects and record the amount of time taken .
The program increases the number of autorelease pools used by a factor of ten each time .
The first test uses only one pool for the whole run , the second test uses ten , etc .
At the end , it uses one pool per object .
You can get the source code to the test program here .
Here are the results , compiled with gcc4 and - Os , run on my PowerBook G4/1.5 with 10.4.6 while relatively unloaded :
Objects Objects per pool Run time ( seconds ) 1000000 1000000 1.65 1000000 100000 1.59 1000000 10000 1.48 1000000 1000 1.46 1000000 100 1.43 1000000 10 1.64 1000000 1 2.91
Interestingly enough , the run time actually goes down as the number of autorelease pools created goes up in the first part of the run .
This is probably because more frequent pool creation means the program 's memory footprint is smaller , and so less time is spent mucking about with page tables and the like .
At the end the runtime spikes up heavily .
But notice that the worst runtime is only about twice as bad as the best runtime , and this makes sense because at the end we 're allocating almost twice as many objects .
The final run creates and destroys two million objects ( one million NSObjects , one million NSAutoreleasePools ) , and the best run does only a hair over one million .
So what 's the conclusion ?
Creating and destroying an NSAutoreleasePool is about as expensive as creating and autoreleasing an NSObject .
This is really insanely cheap .
You might as well create a new pool in every iteration of your loop .
The only time playing games with your pool so it only gets destroyed and recreated every N iterations is if you 're only creating a handful of objects per loop , and even then your best - case savings will only be 50 % , and that 's when you 're creating a single object and doing nothing else in the loop .
And why would you need that to be super ultra blazing fast anyway ?
Premature optimization is the root of all evil .
So many people who would otherwise agree with this statement still say things like " you may want to release the pool every 10th iteration " .
The next time you see someone saying something ilke that , gently correct them and point them to this post .
Did you enjoy this article ?
I 'm selling whole books full of them !
Volumes II and III are now out !
They 're available as ePub , PDF , print , and on iBooks and Kindle .
Click here for more information
Comments :
Add your thoughts , post a comment :
Spam and off - topic posts will be deleted without notice .
Culprits may be publicly humiliated at my sole discretion .
1 of 257
Rating : 5 stars
This was an absolutely stunning recipe !
Melt in your mouth delicious filet mignon with a cream sauce worthy of this excellent cut of meat .
The crab stuffing was wonderful , not too over powering at all .
I noticed a lot of complaints about prep time and had a few suggestions .
Start by chopping all the ingredients first ( the garlic etc ) and have that all laid out and ready to go .
For measuring the whiskey , it 's convenient to use a medicine measurement .
You know , like the ones that come on Pepto Bismol bottles .
I measured all tsp and tblsp along with ounces in that one cup and it worked out great .
I would definitely start the sauce first .
You do n't need to mess with it and it can bubble along and reduse itself while you prepare the other parts .
Cook the bacon for a couple mins in between paper towels in the microwave to minimize mess and effort .
Next and while the bacon cooks , start the stuffing and then get the steaks cooked .
Once those are done , your sauce will be ready for the final touches .
Working in that order , this recipe took less than 40 mins start to finish .
5 Stars and thank you so much for sharing !
Thumb Up Helpful ( 138 )
Rating : 5 stars
After reading many of the reviews , I made the following adjustments , made the crab stuffing ( doubled ) and the sauce the night before because it is time comsuming to waiting for it to reduce .
Also , I like my bacon more crisping than soft so I precooked it to the soft - cooked stage before wrapping the filets .
You might have to use two strips to wrap a filet if you do this because they have shrinked .
The flavor is divine and if you do your prepwork ahead of time , it 's worth the effort to put it on the table for company .
Thumb Up Helpful ( 101 )
Rating : 2 stars I 'm giving this recipe 2 stars ( for time ) flavor deserves 5 . BEWARE !
It takes much longer than 1 1/2 hours to make .
Start it about 3 hours before you plan on serving ( 2 1/ 2 if you plan on making nothing to go with it ) .
Also not a budget friendly recipe .
Forget about using shrimp stock .
This is an ingredient that you cannot buy at your local grocery store .
The crab stuffing was the easiest part of recipe .
It was very tasty and would advise doubling the mixture if you wish to have " genorously stuffed " mignons .
The peppercorn sauce smells so good while cooking but takes forever to simmer down .
By the way if anyone is unsure what constitutes " heavy cream " I asked several people ( including dairy manager ) & nobody knew for sure .
Some said " whipping cream " and others claimed " half and half " .
I found out for sure that it's " whipping cream " !
All in all very tasty .
Not quite sure it was worth the effort .
Since I was the cook thrill of eating was gone by the time I was able to sit down .
The people I fed it to loved it .
I was over it !
LOL !
I served it with fried asparagus baked red taters & crusty Freedom ( french ) rolls .
Will not make again unless a VERY special occasion ( extremely hot date in - laws etc ...)
All said it really is a 5 star recipe ( if you have the time ) .
Thumb Up Helpful ( 80 )
Rating : 5 stars
This is the best recipe I have - I altered it a bit which reduced the time it takes to prepare and the ingredients .
Crab stuffing - sautee minced onion and red pepper mix with crab meat bread crumbs cajun seasoning to taste a little lemon juice and mayo ( until it 's formable ) .
I make the crab stuffing and stuff the filets the night before and then just pop them in the oven the next day when I 'm making the dinner .
On the sauce - to reduce the sauce to the thickness that is ideal it will take over 30 minutes ( to tell if it 's ready dip spoon in sauce and run your finger down back of the spoon - if the sauce recovers then it's not done ) .
I also did n't do any of the bacon shallots mushrooms or mustard - kept it simple .
It 's great served with asparagus and roasted red potatoes quartered and blanched in olive oil w/ rosemary .
Thumb Up Helpful ( 31 )
Rating : 5 stars I really wish I could give this 100 stars !
I did n't make the crab stuffing but I 'm rating this for the sauce .
It was one of the best things I 've ever made from this website .
First , let me say , that it is time consuming , but , oh so worth it .
When my very fussy , picky husband said it tastes like something you get from a 5 star restaurant ( and he 'd eaten all over the world ) then I know I 've got a winner .
The method of reducing the sauce takes about 45 - 50 minutes .
I kept checking it but it looked like it was reducing , but finally , it seems in the last 5 minutes it reduced to the most best flavor , thick sauce .
Then using the crimini mushrooms was so great and the whiskey was perfect .
I will definately be making this again and plan on serving it to guests next time .
Thank you so much for posting this recipe .
Thumb Up Helpful ( 23 )
Rating : 5 stars
If you want to impress someone make this recipe .
I used pork tenderloin and used bay spice in the stuffing that someone had mentioned .
I broiled the stuffed filets to brown them and then finished baking them ..... it probably was the best dinner I ever made .
My guests raved about it all night .
Thumb Up Helpful ( 23 )
Rating : 5 stars I have been wanting to try this recipe for some time now but as others have said you need to be able to allocate enough time to really do it right .
I felt that overall this dish is n't all that hard to make .
It 's just a lot of prep work .
The flavors are great and to reiterate everyone else the sauce was amazing .
It tasted like a steak with a crab cake center which is all it is essentially .
The only thing i wish i did differently was that i would have cut slightly deeper pockets .
( I was afraid of ripping through the steak ) I highly recommend this recipe .
Keep it your arsenal and whip it out when you need to impress .
Like when you 're on a date or the inlaws come over .
Thumb Up Helpful ( 21 )
Rating : 5 stars I made this for Father 's Day 2005 .
Both my father and husband said this was one of the best meals they had ever had .
My husband said he wished he could have " Tivoed " the dinner it was just that good !
I followed the directions exactly except for the mushrooms .
The sauce never thickened for me either but I simply added some cornstarch to it .
Many reviewers raved about the sauce .
The sauce is awesome but the addition of the crab made it five stars for me !
This recipe is a winner !
Because I was not rushing to prepare the meal I did not find the prep time to be an issue .
I served it with roasted herb potatoes and asparagus .
We had the spinach strawberry salad ( from this website ) also !
Every plate wwas clean !
If you are looking for a knockout dish look no further !
Thumb Up Helpful ( 19 )
<< All the examples here are complete and are fully executable >>
This post is being written and published step - by - step .
The theme of this entire post will be around why I want to use scala in my enterprise application .
The features we will discuss include
Functional paradigm of scala
Traits and Mixin
Concurrency
Notable patterns in scala
For the programmers who just heard and thought enough about scala but did not get a chance or time to dig it in real - I encourage them to have a look into my initial post on scala Dive into Scala and get started with it in 10 minutes including downloading and installing - I do n't guarantee it though if your internet connection is slow and you are using a windows box ;)
In one sentence why I picked up this language for my next one years primary language for enterprise applications goes like this - Scala beautifully combines object - oriented paradigm with functional paradigm while allowing me to access and leverage the richness of entire java world ( true for JVM version of scala ) .
In the enterprise application development arena there is no right most language , we should be able to mix and match languages and technologies fluently .
Since mainstream scala is a JVM language , it is tuned to that philosophy of mixing and matching with other JVM languages along with our good old Java .
In near future I will write on how to use scala , groovy and java simultaneously without compromising on performance and complexity .
In fact the intention of mixing and matching is not to have just mixture for sake of it but to use what is best at what .
In mix and match our focus will be to improve expressiveness , performance , code compactness .
Just 2 complexities are there in this approach ; those are - 1 ) putting write thing at the right place - meaning choosing right language to do get right thing done 2 ) deep knowledge about multiple languages .
Lets stop this philosophy here - lets see more what scala has to offer us .
Quoting directly from official website of scala
http://www.scala-lang.org/.
But .... but this is pretty " official " - just see what they say - but in this post lets talk about in our own language in our own feeling .
" Scala is a concise , elegant , type - safe programming language that integrates object - oriented and functional features .
Scala is fully interoperable with Java . "
This is seen when you open http://www.scala-lang.org for the first time in the banner .
It gets changed though :)
A little lengthy quotation from scala - lang.org .
You know what ?
even I did not have patience to read these much talked about features in " official " voice .
But its good to read and tune in with their way of thinking to really get into it .
For the time being read if you can otherwise just look at the bulleted points .
We will anyway anyway discuss these in our own way .
" Scala is a modern multi- paradigm programming language designed to express common programming patterns in a concise , elegant , and type - safe way .
It smoothly integrates features of object - oriented and functional languages .
Scala is object - oriented : Scala is a pure object - oriented language in the sense that every value is an object .
Types and behavior of objects are described by classes and traits .
Class abstractions are extended by subclassing and a flexible mixin - based composition mechanism as a clean replacement for multiple inheritance .
Scala is functional : Scala is also a functional language in the sense that every function is a value .
Scala provides a lightweight syntax for defining anonymous functions , it supports higher - order functions , it allows functions to be nested , and supports currying .
Scala 's case classes and its built - in support for pattern matching model algebraic types used in many functional programming languages .
Scala is statically typed : Scala is equipped with an expressive type system that enforces statically that abstractions are used in a safe and coherent manner .
Scala is extensible :
The design of Scala acknowledges the fact that in practice , the development of domain - specific applications often requires domain - specific language extensions .
Scala provides a unique combination of language mechanisms that make it easy to smoothly add new language constructs in form of libraries : any method may be used as an infix or postfix operator , and closures are constructed automatically depending on the expected type ( target typing ) .
A joint use of both features facilitates the definition of new statements without extending the syntax and without using macro - like meta- programming facilities .
Scala interoperates with Java and .
NET : Scala is designed to interoperate well with popular programming environments like the Java 2 Runtime Environment ( JRE ) and the .NET Framework ( CLR ) .
In particular , the interaction with mainstream object - oriented languages like Java and C# is as smooth as possible .
Scala has the same compilation model ( separate compilation , dynamic class loading ) like Java and C# and allows access to thousands of high - quality libraries . "
Now Lets see what really these means to us .
We are going deeper .
After discussing about the applicability of the language - thats the core philosophical essence , we will look into the advanced language features - such as useful , beautiful and fancy syntaxes , annotations , etc .
Now lets see what does " Scala is functional " mean .
Lets see an example before we discuss theory .
object Sum { def sumOfInts ( a : Int , b : Int ) : Int = if ( a > b ) 0 else a + sumOfInts ( a + 1 , b ) }
This is it .
Run it using scala shell or as a scala file .
We defined sum of integers between given two numbers in scala .
Does not it look like pure algorithmic ?
Almost the same way we would right the algorithm for it .
No unnecessary jugglery of temporary variables .
This is the first step towards getting into the functional concept of scala .
This is just the tip of the iceberg lets get into the deeper stuffs now .
To reiterate - Scala is functional - we saw a little bit of that now in the line of using it in closer way with the problem domain .
Now we will strengthen again the statement " Scala is functional " by saying and showing the functions are objects too in scala .
Functions are Objects in scala .
Lets have a look into the following routine
object Repeater { def onceInOneSec( cb : ( ) => Unit ) { while ( true ) { cb ( ) ; Thread sleep 1000 } } def string Printer ( ) { println ( " print in in given frequency " ) } def main ( args : Array [ String ] ) { onceInOneSec(stringPrinter ) } }
We will do two things now .
We will see how int he above example a function is treated as object and alongside we will also decode some of the seemingly cryptic syntaxes of scala .
Lets go .
In the function main - the arguments in main is pretty similar to that of java - we have a method call onceInOneSec and we - very important - pass another method string Printer as argument .
It is one of the reason why scala is called functional language .
About syntax - I think they are mostly self describing with one special mention is ( ) =>
Unit it means a function that takes no argument and return nothing .
So when we say def onceInOneSec( cb : ( ) => Unit ) it means definition of a function that takes a function of type no-argument - nothing - returns as argument where cb is the identifier or the " object " of type function .
Unit is nothing but same as void in C/C++/ Java .
object Repeater { def onceInOneSec( cb : ( ) => Unit ) { while ( true ) { cb ( ) ;
Thread sleep 1000 } } def main ( args : Array [ String ] ) { onceInOneSec ( ( ) => println ( " print it in given freq " ) ) } }
Lets modify the code we have written in the following way .
In the above example we have eliminated one method string Printer .
Because it was being called only once .
We defined it inline while calling the onceInOneSec function .
This method has no name and is know as anonymous method .
Cool .. we learned one more thing in scala .
We have seen really basic things so far , but I think these basics were required in the view that scala is pretty new kid to the bigger audience till now .
One of my early blog readers commented that " whats deep in this " - he said it correct so far nothing deep , we are at surface and planning to dip deep .
One of my favorite scala features is trait .
Lets talk about now .
Trait : people , even the scala - lang.org guys compare it with interface with option to have some implementations into it , where code gets reused .
But for me its more than that .
It brings a new way of designing and organizing my application - much robust way .
Lets see one example of trait before we talk about my philosophical understanding .
trait Flying { def can Fly ( ) : Boolean = true def fly ( ) { println ( " Flying ..... " ) } def hasWings ( ) : Boolean = true def maximumFlyingSpeed ( ) : Int }
trait Walking { def canWalk ( ) : Boolean = true def walk ( ) { println ( " Walking .... " ) } def maximumWalkingSpeed ( ) : Int def hasLegs ( ) : Boolean = true def howManyLegs ( ) : Int }
class Dove extends Flying with Walking { def maximumFlyingSpeed ( ) : Int = 30 def howManyLegs ( ) : Int = 2 def maximumWalkingSpeed ( ) : Int = 5 }
We saw an example of trait now .
Definitely it looks like abstract class but a class can inherit from multiple traits .
So multiple inheritance is possible beyond interface .
A good facility indeed ,
But the key conceptual difference lies somewhere else .
The concept helps crispier modeling .
Lets think carefully when we think about interface or abstract class we think about parent - we define something that has generic stuffs and then make specialization in concrete classes .
The notion of the parent class is a generic real life object itself .
This concept forces us to find and model a generic real life object to be parent to the specialized ones .
In real life we may not find anything generic and useful together .
Also there can be common characteristics in more generic objects unless we break that generic object further - that leads to deeper and complex inheritance tree .
Trait at the other hand brings something different in this space - trait can be thought of as characteristics .
In the above example instead of defining a generic bird object we defined flying and walking traits that constitutes the real life object Dove , allowing flying and walking to be used independently elsewhere - as you know flying and walking can be other objects characteristics other than a bird .
Make sense ?
In a nutshell the concept of trait gives me more instruments towards making my favorite modeling choice - aggregation / composition over inheritance .
It really makes a lot of senses to me .
Mixin :
We will now see another powerful application of trait .
That is mixin class composition .
Very powerful and interesting feature .
Lets look at one example .
abstract class AbstractService { type T def firewallCompatible : Boolean def parameter : T def result : T }
trait Webservice extends AbstractService { def constructIPMessage(f : T => Unit ) { f( parameter ) } def firewallPingResult(f : T => Unit ) { if ( firewallCompatible ) f( result ) } }
class RestfulService extends AbstractService { type T = String def firewallCompatible = true def parameter = " ping the server in DMZ " def result = " fake ping back OK from server in the DMZ " }
object RSTest { def main ( args : Array [ String ] ) { class Service extends RestfulService with Webservice val service = new Service service constructIPMessage println service firewallPingResult println } }
scala >
scala>RSTest.main( null )
If you are usingprompt just type
Lets understand this in our own way .
If you look at the the code in RSTest we are composing a class that has type RestfulService and with the characteristics of Webservice .
Note the the terms type and characteristics .
Trait describes characteristics where as abstract class or interface describes type ( super type ) .
The example of class composition ( Service ) in the RSTest is called mixin - class composition .
One thing to note - in my example there is a high potential of anti-pattern if not used carefully .
The example here is very small and limited so the magnitude of the effect of anti-pattern ( or whether it is anti-pattern here or not ) is not clear enough .
But if trait is tightly coupled with the supertype ( abstract class here ) , the supertype has to be defined very carefully , otherwise the usefulness of the trait will go .
Another ( non-code ) example - lets say we have ( super ) types like Animal , WildAnimal , DomesticAnimal and characteristics ( traits ) like Agility , Herbivore , Carnivore .
Now
If we associate ( make dependent ) these traits with WildAnimal ( what is association ?
In our example WebService is associated with AbstractService .
Do not get confused about association in UML , we are not talking about that ) its wrong in the context ( anti- pattern ) as a trait like agility can well be the trait of a wild animal like cheetah and a domestic animal like horse .
So this trait should better be associated with ( super ) type animal and not ( super - next super type ) type wild animal .
However trait can be completely independent of any type .
Analogically it is like a range of wide and tele lenses .
With wide angle lens your field of view ( area of applicability in the case of trait ) becomes wider and with tele lens your field of view becomes narrower .
Be careful about how much field of view is appropriate for a particular scenario and then define the scope of a trait .
Got this ?
Let me know if you understand otherwise .
====
Its a logical milestone but this post is under enhancement now , I am writing more .
Stay tuned ====
By Maggie Shiels
Technology reporter , BBC News , Silicon Valley
Can YouTube make the jump to rule the roost in the living room ?
The world 's biggest video site wants to dominate every screen where content can be viewed and created .
YouTube is already a leader online and in mobile and has firmly set its sights on the living room .
The company charted its course during the launch of a new product called Leanback , described by some as web video for couch potatoes .
It also unveiled upgrades for its mobile site which has over 100 million playbacks a day .
" You can start to break down the mental picture of ' these are the videos I watch on my computer , on my tv or on my phone , ' " Hunter Walk , director of product management told BBC News .
" Now you just say ' these are the videos I watch and I watch them wherever I happen to be , or whoever I happen to be with ' .
We are going to have a world where people increasingly expect their content to be available to them on anything with a screen , whether that be a computer , a phone or a tv .
That is the vision , " said Mr Walk .
' Opportunity '
With 24 hours of video uploaded to the site every minute , YouTube is already the world 's biggest video website .
And with Leanback , YouTube is now vying for the attention of the user in the living room .
People watch 2 billion videos a day on YouTube " This really is where the opportunity is biggest for YouTube right now , " said Kuan Yong , senior product manager for Leanback .
" We are looking at five hours of tv that users are watching every day in the US versus 15 minutes of YouTube video , so there is a huge opportunity for us to bring YouTube into the living room and at the same time bring some of the tv experience to YouTube . "
The technology picks out high - definition clips and automatically serves up a constant stream of one video after another .
As it learns more about the viewers ' likes and dislikes , this diet of video becomes more personalised .
The aim is to ensure users do not have to think about what they want to see next or click on the website every few minutes .
" We want to remove the ' What next ? ' question for viewers , " said Mr Yong .
' Channel of you '
Mr Walk said Leanback marked the emergence of a single channel world .
" This is about the ' Channel of You ' .
You become the programmer of the content you want to see as opposed to someone sitting in the corner of a room that does n't know you .
This is about knowing about your interests to pull content to you .
Leanback is in beta and expected to launch in the autumn " And the challenge is all about making it effortless for you to get a stream of constant videos that are going to be interesting and relevant and targeted at you based on what your interests are and what your friends are watching , " said Mr Walk .
Leanback is seen as part of the company 's effort to grow from a website into a " video operating system " that is as ubiquitous and easy to use as television .
It is also regarded as a product that will dovetail seamlessly with Google 's tv ambitions , which aim to change the way consumers watch television .
Back in May , the search giant announced its plans for an internet - focused tv in partnership with Sony , Intel , Dish Network and Logitech .
The Sony made sets are due to go on sale in the autumn .
" Whenever you think of video , YouTube wants you to think of them , " Ben Parr , co-editor of news website Mashable.com told the BBC .
" By making video available from the smallest screen to the biggest no matter where you are , they can succeed in that goal .
Whether they can win in the living room is the billion dollar question .
It is just unclear if people want to watch YouTube video after YouTube video versus professionally made shows on the networks , " he said .
Mobile changes
YouTube also upgraded its mobile website to make watching video on the move more convenient and quality driven at a time when more and more consumers reach the internet over smartphones .
The mobile update comes amid an explosion of smartphone sales " YouTube consumption on mobile devices has grown considerably , " said Andrey Doronichev , mobile product manager .
" Playbacks were up 160 % in 2009 over the previous year .
The world is heading mobile and we want to move with it . "
The updated site promises faster speeds along with the ability to create playlists , designate favourite videos and receive search query suggestions .
And with the upgrade , YouTube appeared to be aiming to steer iPhone users away from the application that comes preinstalled on the Apple smartphone .
In a blog post , the company said " As we make improvements to Youtube.com , you 'll see them quickly follow on our mobile site , unlike native apps which are not updated as frequently . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In what may be one of the most shocking stories of the year , a man in China died after having an eel inserted into his rectum .
Doctors who treated the victim in the Sichuan Province , did not know how the man met his demise until they performed an autopsy and discovered an Asian swamp eel up his backside .
Reports indicate that the man , who has only been identified as a chef , apparently was a victim of a horrible prank .
The chef , after a heavy night of drinking , passed out with some of his friends .
Those friends thought that it would be funny to put the eel inside of the victim .
The medical examiner determined that the cause of death was that the eel , which was fifty centimeters long , devoured the man ’s bowels .
No word yet on charges against the friends for their role in the death .
Chef dies after feeling eel
Harry Reid takes the lead over Sharron Angle in Nevada
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid leads Sharron
Angle in the latest poll in Nevada .
Photo by Kevin Lamarque / REUTERS
1 . A new independent poll shows Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( Nev. ) opening up a seven - point edge over former state Assemblywoman Sharron Angle -- by far the most encouraging survey of this election cycle for the top ranking Senate Democrat .
Reid takes 44 percent to Angle 's 37 percent in the poll , which was conducted for the Las Vegas Review - Journal by Mason Dixon Polling & Research .
Since Angle emerged as the surprise winner of the Silver State 's June 8 primary , Reid has engaged in a steady -- and clearly effective -- television campaign to define the former state legislator as outside of the Nevada political mainstream .
He has run ads hitting Angle for past comments about abolishing Social Security and for her alleged opposition to saving a major construction project in downtown Vegas .
Reid 's onslaught has worked .
In the Review Journal poll , Angle 's unfavorable rating went from 25 percent in June to 43 percent now .
Her favorable score fell from 38 percent to 33 percent .
While the poll affirms what Republicans have been saying privately -- that Angle has not done well for herself since the primary -- there remain a few bright spots for the GOP .
First , Reid is universally known in the state and still only at 44 percent in a head to head matchup with Angle .
Also , just 37 percent view him favorably while 46 percent see him in an unfavorable light .
Those numbers mean that lots and lots of voters are not sold on him and wo n't likely get sold on him .
But do they go to Angle or to some other option -- like " none of the above " -- on the November ballot ?
Second , Reid has , to date , used his vast financial edge to define Angle on television .
Having raised an amazing $ 2.6 million between April 1 and June 30 -- $ 2.3 million of which came in after she won the primary -- Angle will be able to fight the Majority Leader on more equal footing now .
Still , the poll shows Angle has incurred real political damage in the early days of the general election .
2. West Virginia Gov. Joe Manchin ( D ) will announce at 2 p.m. today who he will appoint to replace the late Sen. Robert Byrd ( D - W.Va . ) .
Although Manchin himself has not said publicly who he is leaning toward appointing , speculation has settled on several candidates .
Among the top names floated ( all Democrats ) are former Gov. Gaston Caperton , former Byrd aide Anne Barth , who ran unsuccessfully for Congress in 2008 , and former Manchin general counsel Carte Goodwin .
( Late word was that Goodwin was the frontrunner although Manchin has not shown his hand on which way he is leaning . )
West Virginia Democratic Party chairman Larry Puccio , who also served as Manchin 's chief of staff , took himself out of the running yesterday .
Former Gov. Bob Wise ( D ) , another potential pick , said yesterday : " I am exactly where I should be . "
Meanwhile , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said yesterday that the appointee will be sworn in at 2:15 p.m. on Tuesday , July 20 , again giving Senate Democrats 59 votes .
Manchin is expected to announce his own run for the seat soon after appointing the interim senator .
With a run by Rep. Shelley Moore Capito ( R ) appearing less and less likely -- she would have to give up her House seat -- it 's uncertain who will emerge as Republicans ' nominee in the special election .
That has n't stopped the West Virginia Republican Party from slamming Manchin , however ; the state GOP has taken out full - page newspaper ads linking Manchin to President Obama and Democratic leaders .
3. Colorado Republican gubernatorial candidate Scott McInnis clung to his political life Thursday , insisting that he will stay in the race amidst plagiarism revelations .
McInnis , a former congressman , said on his Facebook page that he 's in it for the long haul .
" I am in it to win it , " McInnis wrote in what can only be taken as an unintentional reference to the slogan of then Sen.
Hillary Rodham Clinton 's unsuccessful 2008 presidential campaign .
" We will continue to fight for Colorado 's businesses and families and will not leave this race .
Stay strong ! "
At the same time , McInnis skipped a rally having to do with water issues , which happens to be the very same subject of some of the work he is accused of plagiarizing .
Also , the Republican Governors Association on Thursday denied reports that it is pulling out of the state in reaction to McInnis ' problems .
Republicans are in a tough spot because McInnis has an under - funded opponent in the Aug. 10 primary who may wind up being the nominee if McInnis is forced out .
RGA spokesman Tim Murtaugh said the committee is letting the state Republican Party sort things out and remains neutral in the primary between McInnis and businessman Dan Maes .
He said the RGA has n't pulled back any resources .
" We remain committed to that effort , " Murtaugh said .
" Anybody who says anything otherwise is peddling fiction . "
Still , McInnis ' campaign is flailing badly and predictions of its death are everywhere .
The operative questions in Republican circles now seems to be whether another candidate can legally step in -- state Sen.
Josh Penry anyone -- to keep the race competitive in the fall .
Democrats have united behind Denver Mayor John Hickenlooper .
4 . A new Quinnipiac University poll shows Democrats with a wide lead in the race to succeed Gov. Jodi Rell ( R ) , giving their party a shot at winning the governor 's mansion for the first time in more than two decades .
The two Democratic contenders -- Stamford Mayor Dan Malloy ( D ) and businessman Ned Lamont ( D ) - are ahead of all three Republican counterparts by double digits in the poll -- good news for national Democrats who have privately expressed concern about their prospects in the Nutmeg State .
In the Democratic primary , the poll showed Lamont , who was also Democrats ' 2006 Senate nominee , leading Malloy 46 percent to 37 percent -- a margin roughly half the size that Lamont enjoyed in a June Q poll .
Foley , who has faced controversy recently following revelations over two past arrests , leads the Republican primary field with 48 percent to Lt. Gov. Michael Fedele 's 13 percent and Oz Griebel 's 7 percent .
Forty - eight percent of likely Republican primary voters said that the arrests are a " private matter . "
With the exception of Griebel , all of the major candidates have gone up with TV ads in recent days .
Foley 's highlights his " no nonsense " plan to " fix Connecticut " ; Lamont 's two ads focus on job creation and fighting special interests ; and Fedele 's commercial focuses on his bio .
The primary is August 10 .
5 . If it 's Friday , it 's time for Fix chats -- times two !
First at 10:30 am , we 'll unveil -- via web video -- who had the " Worst Week in Washington " .
( HINT : It was a near - unanimous pick this week . )
Then , at 11 a.m. , we 'll be back with our hour - long Live Fix chat where we field your questions about anything and everything -- literally .
Come in and stay for a while .
Let 's play two !
With Felicia Sonmez and Aaron Blake
" Despite the light , temperatures do fall during the Arctic ' night ' , so it may be that the bees need to return to their nests in order to warm their brood .
Also , it has been suggested that a period of sleep helps bees to remember information gained during the day's foraging " .
Shortly after health care reform became law in March , a small ripple showed up in the vast tax - law ocean .
Today it has become , if not a tsunami , as least a decent sized wave of opposition to new Form 1099 reporting requirements that businesses will soon face .
Starting in 2012 , part of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act ( Public Law 111 - 148 ) will force companies to file a Form 1099 for payments for goods or services that total more than $ 600 annually to a single business .
The current law only applies to the purchase of services , not the purchase of goods .
The expanded provision was included as a way to raise money to pay for health care measures .
The Joint Committee on Taxation 's numbers crunching projects the added reporting will bring in $ 17.1 billion over 10 years thanks to the IRS having increased information about money paid out to vendors .
New paperwork burden : Small business owners in particular are outraged about the amount of new work this law will create .
And support for their position is growing .
Concern first started showing up on blogs , such as The Wandering Tax Pro , Tax Update Blog , taxgirl and Tax Lawyer 's Blog .
Others soon joined the " this stinks " chorus .
The new information reporting requirement " may present significant administrative challenges to taxpayers and the IRS , " wrote Taxpayer Advocate Nina E. Olson in her latest report to Congress .
Olson told Representatives and Senators that her office " is concerned that the new reporting burden , particularly as it falls on small businesses , may turn out to be disproportionate as compared with any resulting improvement in tax compliance . "
Most recently , the American Institute of CPAs wrote members of the House and Senate asking them to repeal the new 1099 reporting section of the health care law .
Now , some lawmakers are trying to do just that .
A group of Democratic Senators -- Ben Nelson of Nebraska , Mark Begich of Alaska , Jeanne Shaheen of New Hampshire and Evan Bayh of Indiana -- wrote IRS Commissioner Doug Shulman expressing concerns about the new 1099 requirements .
They want the IRS to reduce the resulting paperwork burdens that small businesses expect to face .
Bills to repeal introduced : Legislatively , Sen. Mike Johanns ( R - Neb . ) has introduced S. 3578 , which would roll back the health care law 's expansion of Form 1099 information reporting requirements .
Eighteen of his colleagues have signed on as cosponsors .
On the other side of Capitol Hill , Rep. Daniel E. Lungren ( R - Calif . ) has offered a companion bill , H.R. 5141 , which has 131 cosponsors .
" Businesses are up in arms over this new provision and they should be , " Johanns told participants at a recent health care forum in Washington , D.C. , hosted by several business groups .
" This provision is absolutely brutal for small businesses .
It will require them to spend more time and money on paperwork and reporting . "
Both bills are titled the Small Business Paperwork Mandate Elimination Act and each is currently pending in its respective House or Senate tax - writing committee .
Practically speaking , that 's probably as far as they 'll progress this Congressional session .
But since the new reporting requirement does n't kick in until 2012 , expect to see the effort to repeal the added Form 1099 reporting to get even more attention as the effective date nears .
Related posts :
Want to tell your friends about this blog post ?
Click the Tweet This or Digg
This buttons below or use the Share This icon to spread the word via e-mail , Facebook and other popular applications .
Thanks !
About two weeks ago , Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu signed regulations restricting access to government archives .
As Barak Ravid revealed yesterday in Haaretz , 50 - year - old materials that were to be opened to the public for historical study will now remain classified for two more decades .
Open gallery view The Jerusalem convent after the 1948 Independence War. Credit : Courtesy of Soeurs Reparatrices
The decision was preceded by intense pressure from the defense establishment and intelligence services on the state archivist , Prof. Yehoshua Freundlich .
The archivist accepted their position , and said " these materials are not fit for public viewing . "
The information that remains classified deals , among other things , with the expulsions and massacres of Arabs in the War of Independence , Mossad operations in foreign countries , surveillance of opposition politicians by the Shin Bet security service in the 1950s and the establishment of the Biological Research Institute in Nes Tziona and the Nuclear Research Center in Dimona .
The material was not accessible to the public previously , and the new regulations merely put a retroactive stamp of legality on the closure of the archives , which until now was sealed illegally .
The state archivist warned that some of the classified materials " has implications over [ Israel 's ] adherence to international law . "
His words suggest that the state will be seen as an outlaw if the past deeds of the security and intelligence services are made public .
But his explanations are not reasonable .
Israel , which this year celebrated its 62nd birthday , can and must confront the less than heroic chapters in its past and reveal them to the public and for historical study .
The public has a right to know about the decisions made by the state 's founders , even if they involved violations of human rights , covering up crimes or harassing political opponents by security means .
The country is mature and strong enough to absorb the criticism that could arise if , for example , previously unpublished testimonies are discovered about the events at Deir Yassin .
The role of the security establishment and intelligence services is to protect the state in the present , not to hide the past .
The new regulations , prepared in response to petitions by journalists to the High Court of Justice , reverse the trend of openness set in the Freedom of Information Law , which the Supreme Court called " a guiding law . "
Israelis should study history as it happened and as it was documented , not just a censored and prettified version .
08:55 pm
From : volare Date : July 28th , 2010 02:10 am ( UTC ) ( Link ) MOOMINS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!
Reply ) ( Thread From : fulguritus Date : July 28th , 2010 02:20 am ( UTC ) ( Link ) Mumintrollet indeed !
I 've only ever seen it in Swedish .
I have no idea what any of them are ever saying .
hehe .
Reply ) ( Parent ) ( Thread From : volare Date : July 28th , 2010 02:22 am ( UTC ) ( Link )
Oh man .
I grew up on the English - translated BOOKS ...
I never knew there was anything beyond those ( cartoons ? OMG ..) until recently ...
Reply ) ( Parent ) ( Thread From : strangedave Date : July 28th , 2010 02:48 am ( UTC ) ( Link ) me too .
I love the Moomin books .
Reply ) ( Parent ) ( Thread From : fulguritus Date : July 28th , 2010 03:09 am ( UTC ) ( Link ) I was actually watching some today .
The family I nanny for is Swedish . :)
Reply ) ( Parent ) ( Thread From : za_etc Date : July 28th , 2010 04:27 am ( UTC ) ( Link ) russians love their Moomins too Reply ) ( Parent ) ( Thread From : scream4noreason Date : July 28th , 2010 07:41 am ( UTC ) ( Link )
Me too I love the Moomin books !
Reply ) ( Parent ) ( Thread From : ne_genii Date : July 28th , 2010 02:01 pm ( UTC ) ( Link )
They are really famous in Russia , several generations grew up on these books .
Reply ) ( Thread From : ( Anonymous ) Date : July 28th , 2010 02:04 pm ( UTC ) Heyo ( Link ) Moomin is n't Swedish .
Moomin is Fenno - Swedish , aka Swedish speaking Finnish people .
So they are Finnish , but talk Swedish okey ?
Reply ) ( Thread From : riotclitshave Date : July 28th , 2010 06:42 pm ( UTC ) Re : Heyo ( Link ) Yes !
I do know , but the family I work for is Swedish and Swedish speaking , so I generally just say that .
Reply ) ( Parent ) ( Thread From : ( Anonymous ) Date : July 28th , 2010 03:02 pm ( UTC ) ( Link ) been there http://www.muumimaailma.fi/in_english
Reply ) ( Thread From : mavra_chang Date : July 28th , 2010 05:53 pm ( UTC ) ( Link ) Love Moomin !
I need to find more copies of the books translated in English .
Luckily I work at an academic library so I have access to interlibrary loans .... ( : Reply ) ( Thread From : drjon Date : July 28th , 2010 08:32 pm ( UTC ) ( Link ) I 'm loving the Little My actor .
Reply ) ( Thread From : polrua Date : July 28th , 2010 11:48 pm ( UTC ) ( Link ) MOOMINS !!!
AAAAAAAAAAAH !!!
Reply ) ( Thread
July 28 , 2010 - Brandon Reinhart
This afternoon Corey Peters suddenly yelped and jumped out of his chair claiming that a Creeper had gotten into the new training map he was working on and that it was blocking his ability to get any work done .
This was followed a few minutes later by Jon Lippincott claiming he could n't finish up his code because he had run out of Iron Ore .
Even as I write this I can hear Dave Riller telling a story about how he beat a sheep to death with his bare hands to make a new set of pants and a woolly hat .
It seems , dear friends , that our development team has succumbed to Minecraft addiction .
Minecraft is an amazing little ( read : freaking huge ) world building sandbox game by Markus Persson , aka Notch ... the very same Notch that developed Left4 kDead a couple years ago .
In Minecraft you carve out your own little empire in the wild , building just about whatever you want while the natural world tries to slaughter you every nightfall .
The game 's box - like representation of reality is cute and definitely charming ... until a horde of cute box - like skeletons rip your cute little box - like arms from your cute little box - like body in a spray of cute little box - like blood and gore .
Yes , you should play this game .
Apparently we are n't the only ones to fall prey to the lures of Minecraft .
A number of you in The Community have also discovered the game and , as we have come to expect , you immediately went out and imported it into our game , Team Fortress 2 .
Check out this Payload Race map developed by some Minecraft fans :
I have a feeling we 'll be " playtesting " this map once it 's available .
You can check out the latest updates for Minecraft by reading Notch 's Blog .
If the handwringing in the below is true , it means stories like that of Tracy Hedgepath and Austen Minter will soon be over .
It means we ’ll have a serious economy again , with local production overseen by local people .
A girl like Tracy Hedgepath will be part of a community that likewise oversees her , and a disgusting animal like Austen Minter will not be allowed anywhere near white girls .
Back in the 1990 ’s I worked in NYC for 6 months and had a few passing acquaintances with Wall Street types , the guys who whore blue shirts with white collars .
I told them my theory about their blue shirts with white collars is that those are gang colors that mean “ white collar ” crime .
After all , a blue shirt with a white collar emphasizes the “ white collar ” of the shirt , right ?
I also floated my theory that the economic growth system is unsustainable , and that the high tech boom would run its course in a few years .
I did n’t even know about peak oil at the time .
I had just seen enough boom and bust in my lifetime .
The Wall Streeters at the time , 1996 , would say that the high tech boom is going to last for decades .
Vorsprung durch Technik ( advance through Technology ) was back with a vengeance .
Energy will be made out of air , there will be more than enough for everyone .
In the 2000 ’s , they were saying we can import immigrants and print money and build houses for permanent prosperity .
Even if the radical high tech future is n’t here , economic growth must continue .
Economic growth must continue . . .
Now they are singing a new song .
My dear readers , however bad things get in the coming years , rejoice , for all the chaos and poverty will at least mean one thing — the end of race - mixing , the end of the mandatory diversity religion , the end of so much whacky and harmful nonsense being imposed on us by sinecured , tenured ivory tower types who have no business telling us what to do or how to live .
All Hail the New Doom !
The New Doom
By Max Abelson
July 13 , 2010 | 9:25 p.m
“ Life is such a fucking disaster , ” a prominent New York hedge fund manager said recently .
“ We all live in some kind of world we create for ourselves .
And I think that what happened is that built into that world were very enlarged expectations about what life was going to be .
There ’s been this sensation of excessive expectation that , frankly , became unsustainable . ”
He had just returned from his ranch in the wilderness of central Idaho .
“ I just like it because it ’s massively low human density .
It would be a place you could hole up in .
But , gosh , I hope that does n’t happen . ”
Last week , not very far from the hedge fund manager ’s ranch , the billionaire John Malone gave a little - noticed interview to The Wall Street Journal from Allen & Co. ’s annual Sun Valley conference .
Asked about the biggest risks to Liberty , his media conglomerate , Mr. Malone said his concern was this country ’s survival .
“ We have a retreat that ’s right on the Quebec border .
We own 18 miles on the border , so we can cross .
Anytime we want to , we can get away . ”
His wife is more concerned :
She ’s already moved her personal cash to Australia and Canada .
“ She wants to have a place to go , ” said Mr. Malone , No. 400 on this year ’s Forbes list of the richest people in the world , “ if things blow up here . ”
Before the financial crisis , furious pessimism about the national economy started with a small and mostly scholarly group of doomsayers , like N.Y.U. ’s Nouriel Roubini and Yale ’s Robert Shiller .
But that pessimism has now gone mainstream , spreading from wonks in finance to the city ’s daily conversation as last year ’s rebound drifts further away .
Growth is slow ; unemployment is enormous ; the world feels sludgy .
It wo n’t help if banks post withered profits later this week , as they ’re expected to .
‘ Humans have this poignant desire to feel that we ’re in control , ’ a prominent New York City hedge fund manager said .
Part of what makes this second wave of gloom different is the sense that the rot is n’t going anywhere .
You read through The Times and worry that the country will sink into a third depression - Paul Krugman said a few weeks ago that it already has - unless the U.S. government does something serious .
But then you think about where money for another stimulus would come from , and what will happen if trillion - dollar deficits get worse .
“ I think that a lot of people are becoming realistic over the outlook , because let ’s face facts , ” said David Rosenberg , the chief economist and strategist at the investment firm Gluskin Sheff .
“ It ’s going to leave some pretty deep emotional scars , do n’t you think ? ”
Still , optimism lives .
After this month ’s Times profile of Robert Prechter , the forecaster who says we ’ve begun the worst market decline in something like 300 years , Mr. Krugman ’s colleague Ross Douthat used his Independence Day column to complain about worrywarts .
If Jimmy Carter was wrong about shortages , grim sacrifice and an energy emergency , he said , the new pessimists are , too .
HUMANS HAVE THIS poignant desire to feel that we ’re in control , ” the hedge fund manager said .
“ I know there will be abrupt change . ”
“ We have Ben Bernanke , who has figured it all out ; but you and I know he ’s just guessing , ” said Mr. Shiller , the Yale professor .
The first edition of his book Irrational Exuberance warned in 2000 about a stock market bubble , and the second edition in 2005 predicted the real estate collapse .
“ When you see something like the BP oil spill , you know we ’re just plunging headlong into the future without knowing what we ’re doing . ”
“ If you ’ve got job security and wealth preservation under lethal pressure , then you ’re going to take the negativism into a place that it has n’t been before , ” Stephen Roach , Morgan Stanley ’s non-executive Asia chairman and the firm ’s former chief economist , said .
“ TARP , zero interest rates , trillion - dollar budget deficits , you name it , we ’ve thrown anything we can at the system .
And that has been successful to a limited extent at stopping the bleeding , but it has not really allowed the patient to get up off the table and resume a normal life again . ”
One problem is that there is n’t a consensus about what our catastrophes are , or how they can be fixed .
Mr. Roach and Mr. Krugman , for example , have feuded this year over China .
( One said a baseball bat should be taken to the other . )
This week , Lloyd ’s of London and the monolithic English think tank Chatham House warned about peak oil , the semi-apocalyptic moment when the world ’s oil production will max out and then decline .
Not preparing for the new energy realty , they say , will have “ potentially catastrophic consequences . ”
On Friday , just before that report was published , the blog Zero Hedge , a kind of global hub for catastrophists , posted a “ wall of worry . ”
The American government , said the first of 50 factoids about the economy , is projected to issue about the same debt this year as the other governments of the world combined .
“ Few appreciated that the shift would be as deeply structural as it was demonstrated to be , ” the site ’s editor , who writes pseudonymously as Tyler Durden , said in an email .
“ With trillions of dollars spent to prevent an all - out economic collapse we have only managed to buy under two years of time and the economy is once again starting to roll over . ”
The hedge fund manager said he does n’t even trust gold .
“ It ’s worthless if the social fabric tears , ” he said .
“ We ’re going to have to do something different , before we get down to where it ’s really bad . ”
Oakland , California ( CNN ) --
A former police officer convicted of involuntary manslaughter for killing an unarmed man in Oakland , California , apologized to the public and described his memories of the moments after the shooting in a handwritten letter obtained by CNN .
In the letter , Johannes Mehserle said he was " truly sorry " for killing Oscar Grant .
" For now , and forever , I will live , breathe , sleep , and not sleep with the memory of Mr. Grant screaming ' you shot me ' and me putting my hands on the bullet wound thinking the pressure would help while I kept telling him ' you 'll be okay , ' " Mehserle says in the letter .
" I tried to tell myself that maybe this shot would not be so serious , but I recall how sick I felt when Mr. Grant stopped talking , closed his eyes and seemed to change his breathing . "
Mehserle 's letter was dated July 4 , four days before a jury found him guilty of involuntary manslaughter for shooting 22 - year - old Grant on an Oakland train platform on January 1 , 2009 .
Mehserle , who was on duty as a Bay Area Rapid Transit police officer at the time of the incident , said at the trial that he intended to draw and fire his Taser rather than his gun , CNN affiliate KTVU reported .
" I have and will continue to live everyday of my life knowing that Mr. Grant should not have been shot , " his letter said .
" No words can express how truly sorry I am . "
The involuntary manslaughter conviction usually carries a maximum four - year sentence , but some in Oakland expected a tougher penalty for the former police officer , and took to the streets in protest Thursday .
Crowds broke the glass of a Foot Locker and other stores .
Others threw sneakers out of the store as police wearing gas masks stormed the area .
Outside the courtroom , Grant family members expressed outrage at the verdict .
" My son was murdered .
He was murdered .
He was murdered .
My son was murdered , " said Grant 's mother , Wanda Johnson .
" The system has let us down , but God will never ever let us down . "
Johnson and other speakers said African - Americans have been the victims of police abuse and a biased judicial system .
She said Mehserle was n't found accountable .
" We could n't get even six hours of deliberations , " said Johnson , who accused jurors of being unfair .
Oakland police said there were 78 arrests during Thursday night 's protests on charges including failure to disperse , resisting arrest , burglary , vandalism and assaulting a police officer .
Mehserle 's trial was moved from Alameda County to Los Angeles because of pre-trial publicity .
Members of the jury , which included no African - Americans , said they were unanimous in their decision .
Their finding indicates that Mehserle was criminally negligent .
The shooting was captured on a bystander 's cell - phone video camera .
The video , which showed Mehserle pulling his gun and fatally shooting Grant in the back as another officer knelt on the unarmed man , was widely circulated on the Internet and on news broadcasts , and it spurred several protests in and around Oakland .
Mehserle resigned his position a few days after the incident and was later arrested in Nevada .
His sentencing is set for August 6 .
Involuntary manslaughter carries a maximum sentence of up to four years in prison under California law .
But the judge could add an " enhancement " that could provide a longer sentence because a firearm was used .
TAKE A MEMO FOR ME
Added : July 14 , 2010
Models : Trinity Vaughn
Rating : 8.67
Keywords : Boobs - Large , Butt - Medium , Costume , Full Undies , Hair - Brunette , Lace , Lingerie , Miny Skirt , Sheer , Stockings , Topless
Here is a new set of arguably the hottest girl on the site ...
Trinity ...
In this set you just have to let your mind run wild like she was there to just write down all of the " important " things that you had to say that day and then she just gets so into it that she has to do a little strip ..
This girl is unreal ...
Hope you enjoy her .
Tom Cruise and Cameron Diaz launch attack on the Stig in bid to reveal his secret identity
Cameron Diaz and Tom Cruise joined Britain ’s mission to discover the Stig 's identity while filming their upcoming episode of Top Gear .
The Hollywood actors tried to wrestle his helmet off in a bid to unlock his secret identity , but despite their efforts , not even Tom Cruise could solve this mystery .
The part man , part machine driver , famed from the BBC2 show , came to Diaz ’s rescue when her Kia conked out during her circuit at the Top Gear base .
The Stig attack : Cameron Diaz and Tom Cruise try to pull off the driver 's headgear to reveal his identity
Mystery not solved :
Tom had given up trying but Cameron still tried to wrestle the driver - unsuccessfully though
But instead of thanking her aid , the 37 - year - old cheekily took a firm grip of the driver ’s headgear and tugged unsuccessfully , along with her Knight and Day co-star Cruise .
The Stig stood there with his arms folded , knowing that the actors had no hope of winning their battle .
Cruise , 48 , described his Top Gear experience as ‘ fun , very fun ’ , at the London premiere of his latest film last night .
‘ I like fast cars and motorcycles – I ’ve always loved them since I was a kid , ’ he said .
Truce :
The Hollywood actors agree to stop hassling the Stig and all pose for a photograph together
While Diaz gushed : ‘ We did timed laps .
It ’s very exciting – we know the score and we want to tell everybody , but we ca n’t because we want them to watch the show .
‘ I love speed .
What I love about it is that you have to live in the moment and I love just being in the moment . ’
It has been previously revealed that the BBC employs at least four drivers to don the pristine racing whites , thought to be former racer Ben Collins and formula one driver Julian Bailey , while the others still remain a mystery .
Special guests : Tom and Cam are welcomed by Jeremy Clarkson to Top Gear , which will be aired on Sunday
Lap scores :
The stars are told their lap times , but wo n't reveal their true scores until the BBC2 show airs
Before her wrestle with the Stig , Cameron Diaz took to the racing track , but dramatically broke her car during a high - speed race .
A shaken Cameron Diaz waved for help on the track , where the actress and Cruise were pitted against each in a bid to get the best lap time .
After receiving some initial training from the mysterious Stig , the actress took to the track , but apparently had n't mastered her clutch control .
Help !
Cameron waves for assistance today after coming to a grinding halt .
She is believed to have wrecked the clutch during filming for Top Gear in Surrey
Knight in shining armour : The Hollywood star , who was competing with her Knight And Day co-star Tom Cruise , was rescued by the mysterious Stig , who came to her aid in a white sports car
While going round the circuit , the motor came to an abrupt stop with the gear box making a terrible crunching sound .
Diaz , who is promoting her new movie in London tonight , then jumped out of the vehicle - a red Kia cee'd - and waved at the Stig for help .
It is part of the Stig 's role to train the celebrity drivers for the ' Star In A Reasonably - Priced Car ' feature .
The driving expert duly came to her rescue in his white sports car before Diaz 's car was worked on by mechanics .
In the driving seat : Earlier the star was given lessons from the Stig , the show 's driving expert
At the wheel :
She was competing in the ' Star In A Reasonably - Priced Car ' feature which sees celebs attempt to top the leader board for the fastest lap time
Cruise control :
Tom pictured during his tour of the circuit , which is set to be shown in Sunday 's episode of Top Gear
Cruise was also on the race course in Surrey today taking part in the ' Star In A Reasonably - Priced Car ' feature .
Viewers will be able to see the full drama on Sunday 's episode of Top Gear on BBC2 .
No doubt they will be hoping to trounce Harry Potter star Rupert Grint , who has set the bar with his speedy lap .
After the drama : Cameron is brought back to the studio at the Dunsfold Aerodrome , in Surrey
That was great fun :
Tom chats with members of the Top Gear team
However , it is unclear whether Diaz will get to take her lap again after not completing the course .
Mission Impossible star Cruise and Charlie 's Angels actress Diaz are in Britain to promote their new movie Knight And Day .
Putting his foot down : Harry Potter star Rupert Grint seen here taking on the challenge in a recent episode of the BBC show and is currently top of the leader board
Glitzy affair : Cameron and Tom pictured attending the German premiere in Munich of their film Knight And Day
Cruise is known for his marathon meet and greet sessions with fans at premieres .
On Wednesday , he and Diaz attended the German premiere of the movie in Munich , with Diaz looking stunning in a short white dress .
The pair arrived in style from the Top Gear filming for tonight 's premiere in the capital by taking a helicopter to the Battersea Heliport .
Arriving in style : Tom and Cameron land at Battersea Heliport in good time for the premiere in the capital
Cheery : Both Tom and Cameron looked excited ahead of the premiere in London 's Leicester Square
Leyla Elhand Mohamed Ibrahim , 22 - year old woman from Carlisle , Cumbria UK , wanted to teach her male friend a lesson after she had a fight with him when he refused to lend her the money for a taxi home after a night out .
So , she cut and tore the blue frilly dress she was wearing as well as her black leggings and bra , leaving her breasts partially exposed .
She also hacked off clumps of her own hair , gave herself a black eye and a suspected broken cheekbone , scratched her breasts and legs and finally left one of her shoes at the scene of the supposed attack .
She reported the crime at the early hours of January 4th 2010 which resulted in a massive police manhunt costing more than $ 230,000 .
Four students students – one of whom attempted self - harm after having been held in custody for more than 36 hours – were questioned , arrested and submitted to intimate examinations .
Ibrahim , who came to Britain from Libya with her family when she was nine and worked at a petrol station at the time of the alleged attack , was told by Judge Paul Batty QC she would be jailed .
‘ Not only did these false allegations have an effect on four young men , but also a considerable effect on your own family , ’ he said .
‘ You were convicted on clear and compelling evidence of wickedly fabricating a grave crime , causing countless anguish to all involved . ’
He added : ‘ A custodial sentence is inevitable because this crime strikes to the heart of the criminal justice system . ’
Source : www.dailymail.co.uk
The stupid woman did n’t realize that her lesson could result in authorities questioning rape victims ’ credibility ?
And for the men she accused , she might have left them with trauma for their whole life .
Shame on you Leyla !
Michael Scott may have popularized the joke , but a very young Alfred Hitchcock was the first to say it on camera in this 1929 sound test for his film Blackmail .
[ Buzzfeed ]
Advertisement
Published online 14 July 2010 | Nature 466 , 304-305 ( 2010 ) | doi:10.1038/466304a
News
Some ecosystems bounced back after the 1979 Ixtoc I oil spill , but research quickly withered .
Vast quantities of dispersants were sprayed onto oil escaping from the Ixtoc I well .
BETTMANN / CORBIS
The well blew out , the blowout preventer failed , and the drilling rig caught fire and eventually sank .
Oil gushed into the Gulf of Mexico at a staggering rate from the damaged riser that had attached the platform to the well .
Nobody knew what to do , although engineers tried various measures to stem the flow , including a containment dome .
Chemical dispersants to break up the oil were applied at one of the highest rates in history .
Some of the oil was trapped well below the Gulf 's surface , with undetermined effects .
It seemed as though the spill might drag on forever .
Call it disaster déjà vu .
This all - too - familiar description refers not to the ongoing Deepwater Horizon oil spill , but to an episode three decades earlier and about 1,000 kilometres south , at an exploratory oil well known as Ixtoc I , operated by Mexico 's national petroleum company Petróleos Mexicanos ( PEMEX ) .
Between 3 June 1979 , the date of the blowout , and 23 March 1980 , when Ixtoc I was finally capped , it spewed some 475,000 tonnes of oil into waters northwest of Ciudad del Carmen on Mexico 's Yucatán Peninsula .
Researchers who are struggling to determine the long - term environmental effects of Deepwater Horizon have begun asking what helpful lessons Ixtoc I offers .
" I think it has taken a little while for the research community to rediscover it , " says Arne Jernelöv , a Vienna - based environmental biochemist with the Institute for Futures Studies in Stockholm , who studied the Ixtoc I spill for the United Nations ( A. Jernelöv and O. Lindén AMBIO 10 , 299–306 ; 1981 ) .
" But by and large now I think it has . "
Yet answers are scarce .
Because funding for studies of the spill 's impact dried up soon after the spill did , experts view Ixtoc I as a missed opportunity .
" The research was stopped , " says Wes Tunnell , associate director of the Harte Research Institute at Texas A&M University –Corpus Christi .
" That was the real crime of that spill . "
“ The research was stopped .
That was the real crime of that spill . ”
Since the Deepwater Horizon blowout , Tunnell , who studied Mexico 's coastal habitats extensively just after the Ixtoc I spill , has been inundated with questions about that spill and its long - term effects — questions he could n't answer .
" I decided I needed to go back , " he says .
So , with support from the Harte Institute and a small foundation grant , he has revisited two of the areas that were most heavily damaged by the spill .
His mission was to collect samples of any oil that might remain , and to interview local fishermen about their experiences during and after the spill .
Human history
In some cases , their memories now constitute the only available data about the effects of the Ixtoc I spill , because little has been published on the disaster since the first few years after it happened .
A Mexican - government - sponsored conference took place in 1982 , but a promised proceedings volume comprising papers presented there never appeared .
The Harte Institute has since posted some of those papers on its website ( http://go.nature.com/rvwUwI).
Click for larger image
Last week , during Tunnell 's most recent trip , the first stop was a rocky limestone shoreline near the town of Champotón on the Yucatán 's western coast .
Thirty years ago , he recalls , the tide pools here were thick with oil .
Development and road building have changed the shoreline significantly since then .
Nevertheless , Tunnell and two colleagues quickly found a 40 - centimetre - wide patch of tar above the tideline .
" That stuff is pretty tough , " says Tunnell .
" That 's why they put it on the highway . "
After scraping off the top layer , the researchers found that the tar still glistened .
" It 's still like new , " says Tunnell 's co-worker Julio Sánchez Chávez , a fisheries biologist at the Autonomous University of Campeche in Mexico .
Another colleague will be analysing the samples collected to see whether they exhibit the chemical signatures of oil from the Ixtoc I well .
No fishing
It is unlikely that the oil is having any significant ecological effects after weathering away for so long , but the residue is a reminder of what the region experienced when oil first came ashore .
Thirty years ago , most fishing villages were so isolated that locals knew little about the disaster playing out just a few kilometres away .
Many believed Ixtoc I was a fairly small spill , although it was among the largest in the planet 's history .
But the effects were soon apparent .
Carlos Castillo , now 78 , was an avid skin diver at the time who used a speargun to catch fish for his small restaurant .
Before Ixtoc I , he could catch 30 kilograms of grouper , snapper or snook in two hours , he says .
But during the spill , his mask became oily , and he developed health problems .
Eventually , he could n't find anything to catch because fish were dying or leaving for cleaner waters .
" I told my wife , ' Sorry , we have to buy fish . ' "
They began serving freshwater fish or fish trucked in from other regions .
Oil from Ixtoc I can still be found on coastal rocks 30 years after the spill .
M. SCHROPE
The spill years were devastating for fishermen , many of whom had nowhere else to turn for income or food , but fisheries recovered faster than most researchers expected .
Chávez says that Campeche shrimp - catch records , for instance , suggest that within two years fishermen were pulling in normal hauls again .
Locals say that fish catches improved substantially within three to five years .
Tunnell points out that the Gulf may have been healthier and more resilient then , so it 's difficult to say whether species in the northern Gulf will rebound as quickly from the current spill .
But the curtailment of commercial fishing owing to fears over contaminated seafood may hasten the recovery of exploited species .
“ Shrimp - catch records suggest that within two years fishermen were pulling in normal hauls . ”
In some parts of Campeche , however , there are ominous signs that not all ecosystems fared as well .
After leaving Champotón , Tunnell and his colleagues travelled about 125 kilometres north to the tiny village of Isla Arena , to look for oil among mangrove trees .
A few kilometres from the village , the team found patches of what looked like highly weathered oil .
Then Chávez called out , " Hey Wes , there 's a stinky one over here . "
The 2 - metre by 1 - metre mat of tar smelled distinctly of asphalt .
More disturbing is the absence of oysters around Isla Arena , where they were once so abundant that local fishermen say they could chop off a mangrove branch and pluck off enough of the molluscs to feed their families .
The oysters never returned after Ixtoc I , according to the fishermen , and there is no research to explain why .
" As far as I know , this is one of the least - studied ecosystems in Mexico , " says Tunnell .
He says that he 's intrigued by the oyster story and hopes to do follow - up research on the topic .
So far , Tunnell says , Ixtoc I 's main lesson for those responding to the current spill is that sandy beaches and rocky shores can recover relatively quickly , but that more productive ecosystems such as mangrove swamps or salt marshes — the closest analogue to mangroves in the northern Gulf — retain oil indefinitely .
They may take decades to regain their health .
Jernelöv says that other features of Ixtoc I may foreshadow what the coming months and years could hold .
For example , although the water depth at Ixtoc I was just 50 metres , compared with 1,500 metres for the current spill , it too generated subsurface oil plumes .
That oil made its way around the Gulf , and at one point some beaches in Texas took an unexpected oil hit after it mixed with surface waters close to shore .
" You did n't see anything and then all of a sudden you had oil on the beaches , " Jernelöv says .
In broader terms , Tunnell , Jernelöv and other researchers familiar with Ixtoc I agree that its most important lesson is to continue studying the Deepwater Horizon spill and its impact — especially after the oil stops flowing and the world 's attention turns elsewhere — so as not to be caught short next time .
ADVERTISEMENT
Steve Murawski , chief science adviser for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration 's National Marine Fisheries Service , says that he and others have lamented the lack of Ixtoc I data as they have worked to respond to Deepwater Horizon .
But he says that he hopes the mistakes of 30 years ago will not be repeated , and that " the number of regrets will be relatively modest when we start writing the history of this one " .
As for the fishermen near the Ixtoc I site , they are well aware of the new disaster unfolding to the north .
Many fear that the oil will come their way , and they sympathize with those already affected .
" To me , it 's a problem for humanity , " says Castillo .
You would think there ’d be a pretty big need for a CSI team in Kanto … what with all the “ fainted ” Pokémon corpses lying around .
By Bogswallop , submitted by Nathan E .
Posted by Shawn Handyside on July 11 , 2010 · 12:02 PM
The Misconception :
If you stop engaging in a bad habit , the habit will gradually diminish until it disappears from your life .
The Truth :
Any time you quit something cold turkey , your brain will make a last - ditch effort to return you to your old ways .
You ’ve been there .
You get serious about losing weight and start to mind every calorie .
You read labels work out the math for a serving size .
You stock up on fruit and vegetables and look up how to properly cut onions and bell peppers .
You hit the gym and get an app to track your progress .
Everything is going fine .
You feel great .
You feel like a champion .
You think , “ This is easy . ”
Then one day you give in to temptation and eat a piece of chocolate , or a cake doughnut , or bag of chips .
Maybe you go a bit further and grab a beer or maybe a cheeseburger .
Perhaps you are out to lunch , and say , “ What the hell , ” and order the fettuccine alfredo .
It seems like you can handle one transgression , but that afternoon , since you ’ve already cheated a little , you think maybe tonight you can you eat whatever you want .
To celebrate the occasion you eat a pint of ice cream or a whole pizza .
The diet ends in a catastrophic binge , and among the ruins you look at the empty containers knowing that what was once in them is now in you and you you ask , “ what the hell ? ”
How did my smooth transition from comfort food to human Dumpster happen ?
You just experienced an extinction burst – a predictable and common blast of defiance from the recesses of a brain denied familiar rewards .
Food , of course , is one of the most powerful rewards .
It keeps you alive .
Your brain did n’t evolve in an environment where there was an abundance of food , so whenever you find a high - calorie , high fat , high sodium source , your natural inclination is to eat a lot of it and then go back to it over and over again .
If you take away a reward like that , especially if you ’ve become accustomed to indulging , especially if you abruptly turn off the flow of pleasure , you can expect to eventually throw an internal tantrum .
Much of your behavior is the result of conditioning .
It is among the most basic factors shaping the way any organism reacts to the world .
If your actions lead to positive outcomes , you are more likely to continue them .
Your brain doles out pleasant emotions through chemical gifts whenever you do something that benefits the organism it pilots .
If your actions lead to a negative outcome , you are more likely to avoid that behavior in the future .
Over time , you begin to predict reward and punishment by linking longer and longer series of events to their eventual outcomes .
Say you want some chicken nuggets .
You know you ca n’t just snap your fingers and wait for them to appear .
You must engage in a long sequence of actions – walk to closet , put on shirt , find shoes , apply to feet , find keys , find car , drive to nuggets , use language , exchange money , etc …
This string of behaviors could be sliced up into smaller and smaller components if we wanted to really dig down into the conditioning you have endured in order to be able to get nuggets in your mouth .
Just driving the car from point A to point B is a complex performance with thousands of steps , all of which become automatic after hundreds of hours of practice .
Millions of tiny behaviors , each one a single step in a process , all add up to a single operation you have learned will payoff in reward .
Think of rats in a maze , learning a complicated series of steps – turn left two times , turn right once , turn left , right , left , get cheese .
Even microorganisms can be conditioned to react to stimuli and predict outcomes .
This concept , conditioning , for a good long while was the cat ’s pajamas in psychology .
In the 1960s and ’70s , Burrhus Frederic Skinner became a scientist celebrity by scaring the shit out of America with an invention called the operant conditioning chamber – the Skinner Box .
The box is an enclosure which can have any combination of levers , food dispensers , an electric floor , lights and loudspeakers .
Scientists place animals in the box and either reward them or punish them to either encourage or discourage their behaviors .
Rats , for example , can be taught to push a lever when a green light appears to get a food pellet .
Skinner once demonstrated how he could teach a pigeon to spin in circles at his command by offering food only when it turned in one direction .
Gradually , he withheld the food until the pigeon had turned a little farther and farther until he had it going round and round .
He could even get the pigeon to distinguish between the word “ peck ” and “ turn ” and get them to perform the corresponding behavior just by showing them a sign .
Yes , in a sense , he taught a bird to read .
Skinner discovered you could get pigeons and rats to do complicated tasks by slowly building up chains of behaviors through handing out pellets of food .
For example , if you want to teach a squirrel to water ski , you just need to start small and work your way up .
Other researchers added punishment to these routines and discovered it too could be used like the pellets to encourage and discourage behavior .
Skinner became convinced conditioning was the root of all behavior and did n’t believe rational thinking had anything to do with your personal life .
He considered introspection to be a “ collateral product ” of conditioning .
Like Freud and Einstein , Skinner was a celebrity in his day , and his belief we were all robots was unsettling .
He made the cover of Time magazine in 1971 .
“ My book , ” said Skinner in the interview , ” is an effort to demonstrate how things go bad when you make a fetish out of individual freedom and dignity .
If you insist that individual rights are the summum bonum , then the whole structure of society falls down . ”
Some psychologists and philosophers still hold to the idea you are nothing but a sophisticated automaton , like a spider or a fish .
You have no freedom , no free will .
Your brain is made of atoms and molecules which must obey the laws of physics and chemistry , so some say your mind is locked into service of the rules of the universe like a clock .
Everything you have thought , felt and done in your life was the natural mathematical aftermath of the Big Bang .
You may take comfort knowing this is a hotly contested idea , but whether or not you have free will , conditioning is real , and the impact of conditioning ca n’t be ignored .
There are two kinds of conditioning – classical and operant .
In classical conditioning , something which normally does n’t have any influence over you becomes a trigger for an involuntary response .
Normally , flushing the toilet does n’t produce fear in your heart , but if you are taking a shower and someone flushes the toilet and then the water becomes a scalding torrent , you become conditioned to recoil in terror while in shower the next time you hear the toilet flush .
That ’s classical conditioning .
Something neutral – the toilet flushing – becomes charged with meaning and expectation .
You have no control over it .
If you have ever been sick after eating or drinking something you love , you will avoid it in the future .
The smell of it , or even the thought of it , can make you ill .
For me , it ’s tequila .
Ugh , gross .
Classical conditioning keeps you alive .
You learn quickly to avoid that which may harm you and seek out that which makes you happy , like an amoeba .
The sort of complex behavior Skinner was able to shape was the result of operant conditioning .
Operant conditioning modifies existing behaviors , making them more or less frequent following certain outcomes .
Inclinations become greater through reinforcement , or diminish through punishment .
You arrive early to the theater , you get a better seat .
You frequently wash your hands , you do n’t get sick .
You pay the rent on time , you do n’t get wet when it rains .
You do n’t rob banks , you do n’t go to jail .
You play the slot machine and sometimes , every once in a while , you get some money .
It ’s all operant conditioning , punishment and reward .
Adding and subtracting pain or gaining or losing out on pleasure .
Which finally brings us back to the third factor – extinction .
When you are under the spell of operant conditioning and expect to receive a reward or a punishment after a certain behavior but nothing happens , your conditioned response starts to fade away .
If you stop letting your cat in the bedroom after he meows and scratches at the door , he will eventually stop begging to be let in .
His behavior will go extinct .
Right as the behavior is breathing its final breath , that ’s when you can expect an extinction burst .
Your cat will begin meowing like crazy , pawing at the door for what seems like hours .
Parents are very familiar with this pattern , and if you ’ve ever seen an episode of The Supernanny , then you ’ve probably seen an extinction burst .
In one episode , a toddler refused to go to bed in his crib when it was bedtime , and the parents would fight him all night long until he finally went unconscious from exhaustion .
The Supernanny suggested they put him in his crib and just sit in the room and ignore him .
The extinction burst would come and go , and if he attempted to escape the crib , she told him they should just put him back in and go back to ignoring .
They followed her advice , and the extinction burst was massive – screaming , crying , saying all sorts of whimpering , heart imploding things .
His little brain was trying every conceivable strategy to avoid extinction .
It was a miserable experience for the mother , which was , of course , what the burst was trying to create .
The mother cried , but she kept looking at the wall , and after about 20 minutes , the child stopped , lied down , and went to sleep .
Just before you give up on a long - practiced routine , you freak out .
It ’s a final desperate attempt by the oldest parts of your brain to keep getting rewarded .
As Matt Webb explains at Interconnected .org – if you use the same elevator every day to get to avoid climbing 10 flights of stairs , and one day you press the button and nothing happens , you do n’t just immediately take the stairs .
You start jamming all the buttons over and over again , you get mad , you ask around for help , you talk to other people , you go back and press the buttons again , and then , finally , you take the stairs .
You lock your keys in your apartment , but your roommate is asleep .
You ring the doorbell and knock , but they do n’t come .
You ring the doorbell over and over and over .
You start pounding on the door .
If your computer freezes up you do n’t just walk away , you start clicking all over the place and maybe go so far as to bang your fists on the keyboard .
Trying , like the cat at the door and child in the crib , every thing you can think of to bring back the expected results .
These are all extinction bursts .
The burst is a temporary increase in a behavior that usually precedes a reward , a plea from the recesses of your psyche as soon as the conditioned response is no longer yielding results .
Here is some great advice from Canine University magazine : “ The worst thing you could ever do is give in to a temper tantrum .
This goes for adults too , because if you spend enough time observing other people you will notice that people who are used to getting their way will start a temper tantrum immediately after you have refused their request .
If you patiently restate your position and stay calm you will see the person eventually give up .
Depending upon how long he carries on will tell you how other people have responded to the person in the past .
If he has been rewarded for having a fit often enough the extinction burst will be spectacular , enjoy !
If it ’s short lived , it will be over as quick as it started and you can feel good that you have n’t encouraged it .
The best way to eliminate a tantrum is to not give in , wait out the extinction burst ( walking away works wonders ) and reinforce the absence of the tantrum with your attention as soon as the person stops . ”
So , back to that diet .
If you eliminate a reward from your life like awesome and delicious high - calorie foods .
Right as you are ready to give it up forever , an extinction burst will threaten to demolish your willpower .
You become like a two - year - old in a conniption fit , and like the child , if you give in to the demands , the behavior will be strengthened .
The next time you try , the burst will come sooner and it will be stronger .
Compulsive overeating is a frenzied state of mind , food addiction under pressure until it bursts .
Diets fail for many reasons , much of them associated with your body trying to survive in a situation where surviving starvation is much less of an issue .
To give up overeating , or smoking , lying around watching Netflix as your biceps atrophy , or any bad habit which was formed through conditioning , you must be prepared to weather the secret weapon of your unconscious – the extinction burst .
Become your own Supernanny , your own Dog Whisperer .
Look for alternative rewards and positive reinforcement .
Set goals , and when you achieve them , shower yourself with garlands of your choosing .
Do n’t freak out when it turns out to be difficult .
Habits form because you are not so smart , and they cease under the same conditions .
If you are ready for the extinction burst and prepared , you can weather the storm and watch it pass .
You can watch the bad behavior go extinct , forever , and only see again as a fossil in photographs from previous epochs in your life , part of a previous you .
Sources
“ Behavior : Skinner ’s Utopia : Panacea , or Path to Hell ? ” Time .
Time Inc. , 20 Sept. 1971 .
Web. 26 July 2010 .
Biederman , Jim .
“ Conditioning Examples with Answers . ” Conditioning Examples with Answers .
Anoka - Ramsey Community College .
Web. 26 July 2010 .
( http://bit.ly/VPXe1O)
“ Classical Conditioning . ” Classical Conditioning .
Changing Minds .
Web. 26 July 2010 .
( http://bit.ly/VPXa2n)
“ Extinction . ” Extinction .
Changing Minds .
Web. 26 July 2010 .
( http://bit.ly/VPWVEg)
“ Operant Conditioning . ” Operant Conditioning .
Changing Minds .
Web. 26 July 2010 .
( http://bit.ly/VPX22D)
Operant Conditioning .
YouTube .
Web. 26 Aug. 2010 . ( http://bit.ly/YWId0p)
“ Operant Conditioning Chamber . ” Operant Conditioning Chamber .
Wikimedia Foundation .
Web. 26 July .
2010 . ( http://bit.ly/YWJ0i6)
“ Three Dogs and Two Babies : So You ’re Having a Baby …is Your Dog Prepared ?
– Canine University . ” Three Dogs and Two Babies : So You ’re Having a Baby …is Your Dog Prepared ?
– Canine University .
Canine University .
Web. 26 July 2010 .
( http://bit.ly/VPXA8T)
Webb , Matt .
“ Interconnected . ” Two Kinds of Training ( 3 Jul. , 2008 , at ) .
Interconnected .
Web. 26 Aug. 2014 . ( http://bit.ly/YWJ3dK)
My Cycling Log has shut down .
BOSTON – Thousands of state and local government employees rocked the ‘ Cradle of Freedom ’ here when they staged a peaceful takeover on June 30 of the historic Boston Common .
They came from the 39th Convention of the American Federation of State , County and Municipal Employees to demand an end to the GOP filibuster on the jobs bill and legislation to help the unemployed and states grappling with unprecedented budget shortfalls .
At America ’s first public park , the site where Paul Revere , George Washington , anti-slavery activists , the Rev. Martin Luther King , and the nation ’s anti-war leaders addressed rallies in the past , AFSCME ’s leaders warned Scott Brown , the Republican senator from Massachusetts , that his days are numbered if he does not stop filibustering the jobs bill .
“ Scotty Brown , ” the union ’s president , Gerald McEntee , called out derisively .
“ You will not get away with playing partisan politics with jobs .
The voice of the people is more powerful than the talk coming from Rush Limbaugh , Glenn Beck and the Tea Party . ”
The crowd cheered and whistled its approval .
As the government employees poured into the Boston Common Wednesday the AFL - CIO led union rallies at the offices of 17 Republican senators .
Union members were out in force at the offices of GOP senators in Arizona , Georgia , Kansas , Missouri , New Hampshire , Nevada , North Carolina , Kentucky and Tennessee .
The demands were the same :
Pass the jobs bill , extend unemployment benefits and preserve public services in the states .
While the unions were mobilizing members from one end of the country to the other , many of the nation ’s leading governors held a press conference in Washington , also on Wednesday , to highlight the need for money to keep services in states from going under .
Governors participating included Granholm of Mich. , Gregoire of Wa. , Patterson of N.Y. , O’Malley of Md. , Rendell of Pa. , Quinn of Il. , Ritter of Co. , Scwarzenegger of Calif. , and Rell of Conn .
Budget cuts in Massachusetts , AFSCME members at the Boston rally said , mean loss of jobs for workers at libraries , facilities for the developmentally disabled and at state and community colleges .
Alicia Cadillac , president of AFSCME Local 1526 , which represents workers at Boston libraries , described how the city plans to cut 25 percent of the workforce .
To make matters worse , she said , “ management is trying to bust our union altogether . ”
Cadillac is the only trainer on staff for 400 workers and the city recently decided to eliminate her position .
“ I must be doing something right if they are going out of their way to get rid of the president of the union local , ” she said .
She said her union is committed to fighting “ corporate downsizing in government , which in this case will destroy a library system that is a world class institution . ”
Mike Thomas is the leader of Massachusetts human service workers in AFSCME ’s Council 93 .
He blasted the decision by the state to close four of its six residential facilities for the developmentally disabled .
The move has been opposed by families of those served because the closings will mean permanent separation of the consumers involved from their long - time care givers .
The governor says the state clients can be served just as well in community group homes .
“ We do n’t oppose community care and we have unionized facilities that operate in the communities , ” Thomas explained .
“ What they want to do , ” however , “ is move people into group homes where there are very low paid workers and high turnover which really decreases the quality of care .
The CEOs of some of these private agencies that run the group homes make as much as $ 500,000 a year .
State funds should go into providing services and paying workers who provide that service a fair wage – not into making a few people very rich . ”
Photo : © AFSCME.org
Actor Mel Gibson Racist Rant on his Girlfriend UNCENSORED
Note : to turn off these warnings you need to set the ' safe mode ' to OFF ( on the top right )
Let 's face it :
The male characters of " Mad Men " would n't be nearly so interesting if not for the fact that the women in the show are equally compelling .
This is n't just Don Draper 's story , and it certainly ain't just Jon Hamm 's show .
The characters feature wives , girlfriends , secretaries , clients and mistresses -- and sometimes they overlap .
So to bring you up to speed , here is a rundown of some of the key women in the show :
Betty Draper
Who is she :
Betty is the soon - to - be - ex - wife of Don Draper .
A former model , Betty is now a mother of three , and an unhappy mom at that .
When she sees her daughter , Sally , playing with a plastic dry- cleaning bag over her head , Betty is only upset because that means Sally dumped the clothes on the floor .
Why she rocks :
Not only does Betty have the nerve to kick Don out of the house over his shenanigans -- TWICE ! -- but she has a tawdry affair of her own and at the end of season three , has decided she had enough of Don 's lies and files for divorce .
Reason not to root for her :
The man she leaves Don for , Henry Francis , is slimy .
Greatest line :
" Go bang your head against the wall .
Only boring people are bored . "
Greatest moment :
After a pigeon - keeping neighbor complains about the Drapers ' dog , Betty walks into the backyard , lights a cigarette and starts shooting his valuable birds with a pellet gun .
Joan Harris
Who is she :
Joan was the office manager of Sterling Cooper and now has the same role at Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce .
She 's smart , funny and has zero tolerance for pretense .
Joan once had an affair with Roger Sterling , but is now married to a no - good surgery resident who opts to join the Army to save his medical career .
Why she rocks :
Joan has every single man at Sterling Cooper wrapped around her finger .
Like Don , she is capable of maintaining the upper hand in nearly every encounter .
Joan has a smooth - as - cream voice with a stiletto wit .
Reason not to root for her :
None at all , although it 's impossible to feel any sympathy for her husband , who once sexually assaulted her in the offices of Sterling Cooper .
Greatest line :
" This is why I do n’t allow crying in the break room .
It erodes morale .
There ’s a place to do that , like your apartment . "
Greatest moment :
After her husband , Greg , fails to get a surgical residency at a New York hospital , he tells Joan she could never understand because she does n't know what it 's like to want something big and not get it .
She responds by smashing a vase over his head .
Peggy Olson
Who is she :
Peggy started as Don 's frequently fumbling secretary but quickly rose to the title of copywriter at Sterling Cooper .
She jumps ship with Don to join the new agency , but only after he has to beg her to do so .
Why she rocks :
Peggy first comes across as a quiet , unassuming assistant but quickly discovers what she 's good at and becomes more confident .
Her evolution from secretary - school grad to advertising pro is one of the joys of " Mad Men . "
Reason not to root for her :
Peggy can be cruel , and it's not always pleasant to watch .
She reduces a voice actress to tears , explains to a blind date that people in Manhattan are " better than us " and coldly refuses to come to terms with the unplanned baby she gave birth to at the end of season one .
Also , in one episode we find out she ate all the crackers and liverwurst her roommate bought .
Uncool .
Greatest line :
" I'm Peggy Olson .
I want to smoke some marijuana . "
Greatest moment :
Several actually ; every time one of her male coworkers asks her to get coffee or make photocopies , Peggy simply says " no " without even looking away from her work .
Honorable mentions
would have to go to several of Don 's mistresses , including the independent - minded artist
Midge Daniels
( Rosemarie DeWitt ) , department store owner
Rachel Menken
( Maggie Siff ) and
Bobbie Barrett
( Melinda McGraw ) , the wife of standup comedian
Jimmy Barrett
( Patrick Fischler ) .
How A Small Studio Pulled Off A Major 3D Film Using Energy - Saving Technology
Traditionally , only the mammoth Hollywood studios could afford to work with 3D – it ’s too expensive to build the necessary server farms that are air - conditioned 24 hours a day .
The company behind Despicable Me tried something new , and cut the AC .
Illumination Entertainment , the company behind Despicable Me , decided to try something new .
Instead of using air - conditioned server farms to render images , the company asked IBM to build a customised server farm using the iDataPlex system , a processing system that cuts down on energy use by 40 per cent compared to traditional server farms .
The iDataPlex has two key advantages : a flexible configuration that doubles the amount of systems that can run in a single IBM rack and the ability to run an ambient temperature room ( no costly air - conditioning required ) .
The system has been on the market for over a year , but Illumination is the first studio to use it for animated film .
This does n’t mean that any scrappy studio with a dream can now produce a high - end 3D animated film .
Illumination used a 330 - person team of artists , producers , and support staff to produce 142 terabytes of data .
And the rendering farm , which processed up to 500,000 frames per week , was built in conjunction with Mac Guff Ligne , a French digital production studio .
But the iDataPlex gives Illumination a leg up in the graphics rendering process .
Illumination Entertainment ’s server farm , for example , is the size of four parking spots .
That ’s half the amount of space the company initially allotted to the farm .
“ Oftentimes a small studio like Illumination really wants to put their energy behind creating as compelling of content as possible , ” explains Steve Canepa , Vice President , Media & Entertainment Industry at IBM .
“ By minimising the technological issues associated with building and managing the [ rendering ] environment , we allow studios to reduce the amount of time , energy , and resources necessary to create an underlying technological platform . ”
It ’s a compelling idea for studios – even major ones – that want to cut costs and look environmentally conscious at the same time .
IBM is already working with a number of other studios to implement similar solutions .
Canepa concedes that studios could build similar systems by purchasing off - the - shelf racks and processors , but the iDataPlex ’s unique configuration of servers packs a lot of processing power into a small space – and that ’s not easy to replicate .
Do n’t expect these rigs to be appearing in suburban garages anytime soon .
Ariel Schwartz can be reached on Twitter or by email .
Related Stories : Topics : Innovation , Technology , Ethonomics , ibm , despicable me , 3D , data center , server farms , IBM Corporation , Servers , Computer Hardware and Peripherals , Technology , Science and Technology
Alternde Gesellschaft Wirtschaft droht Dauer - Durststrecke
Die Zeiten üppiger Wachstumsraten sind unwiderruflich vorbei - davon sind die Experten des Prognos - Instituts überzeugt : Die Ökonomen gehen davon aus , dass die Wirtschaftsleistung bis 2035 nur noch durchschnittlich um ein Prozent zunimmt .
Hauptproblem : die Überalterung der Gesellschaft .
North Korea 's World Cup debut elicited touching stories about the ragtag group of soccer fans " hand - picked " by the Communist regime to support their squad in South Africa .
Turns out they were hand - picked for their skill at not being Korean .
Advertisement
The UK's Telegraph reported last month that China had already recruited actors and provided them with tickets to South Africa , so they could go and pretend to root for their sort - of allies .
No North Korea citizen could possibly get a visa to leave the country and even if they could , they could never afford the bus trip to Pretoria .
Even so , the fans and some media outlets went along with the ruse that they were loyal Koreans , even as Chinese officials admitted the truth to Reuters .
The 100 or so fans decked out in red , white , and blue sure looked like they belonged to the Hermit Kingdom when they got off the plane this morning waving DPRK flags .
They made ridiculous boasts about expecting to be up 2 - nil on the Brazilians at halftime and expressed love and support ( through translators , of course ) for their South Korea brothers .
They told reporters they were hand - picked by Kim Jong - Il 's government to attend the festivities and they even made the team 's star player cry during the national anthem .
But perhaps he was crying because he knew , like everything else about his country , it was a total sham .
Advertisement
Sure , North Korea could have actually selected an elite group of propaganda - loving supporters to represent their country as spectators , but the last time they did that , the group of mini-skirted cheerleaders who attended a tournament in South Korea broke their promise not to reveal to their countrymen what they saw below the DMZ .
They reportedly ended up in concentration camps .
The only real North Korean fans you 'll find are the escaped dissidents who still love their homeland — but they wo n't be cheering too loudly , lest the Dear Leader 's goons track them down and haul them back for execution .
Hey , but at least the crazy antics of Earth 's wackiest dictator provided us with the best sports stadium sign we 've seen in a while .
Bravo , sirs .
I guess we should be glad that they at least have the Chinese actors on their side .
It 's hard not to pull for this North Korean squad , because even though a strong showing would be an unfortunate PR win for their leader , at least the players will get to eat when they go home .
Advertisement
( Sign shot via Wheresweems )
UPDATE : AOL News interviewed a North Korean diplomat who claims some of the fans are actually North Korean
We ’re all aware that religion provides some individuals with comfort and solace , as a surrogate for understanding , when faced with harsh realities and difficult challenges .
Religion provides people with the sense that they have a script to follow when they are unable to divine meaning or direction themselves .
Someone , or something , external takes responsibility , to help bear the burden , to blame , for the things that impact their lives .
Religion circumvents the risk of accountability for the decisions we make .
To be called by God to do something is both much more aggrandizing as well as much safer .
If things do n’t go well , it was His idea not yours , right ?
To be called by God to run for office or advised through the secret communication of prayer , as it seems is the case with most conservative politicians these days , provides an immediate trump card of authority to bolster an individual ’s ambition .
It preordains any loss or rejection as either the will of God , or the work of his evil arch nemesis .
The fragile ego of the individual remains intact and unblemished .
Likewise is the case when one has no idea what to do .
The lack of a plan or platform is a very frightening prospect .
It ’s much easier to put the burden on others , by telling them to have faith , than it is to take accountability for leadership .
By charging others to have faith for the desired results , while abrogating responsibility to an invisible third party that answers to no one , those that would wish to lead insulate themselves from their own incompetence by refusing to provide the leadership needed from the position they coveted .
It ’s much easier for them to simply “ let go , and let God . ”
Conservative politicians have spent a year and a half proving that they have absolutely nothing to offer , and no idea what to do .
They ’ve been wearing thin an anti-Obama platform of ‘ No ’ , with no abatement in sight .
Minority leader Boehner has even proposed a full moratorium on any and all government regulation for the next year or so .
Seriously , he actually proposed that the government should do nothing to fix the regulatory disaster that exists regarding Wall Street , Banking , Campaign Finance , Mineral and Mining , Big Business , etc , etc .
The conservatives purported alternatives have shown that their full creative spectrum ranges from ‘ keep the status quo ’ , to ‘ let ’s not change anything ’ .
When this is all you ’ve got , divine intervention , imaginary or not , becomes necessary to fill out your play book .
Smaller Government .
Lower taxes .
Deregulation .
The Christianization of America .
This is the constant verbiage emanating from conservative politicians , both incumbents and candidates .
What is the goal of this platform ?
What will their ‘ trust in God and corporate America ’ platform do for , and to , America ?
The American government is of the people , by the people , and for the people .
This is not a dictatorship , or a Monarchy .
The government is not a ‘ them ’ , it ’s ‘ us ’ .
Should that be smaller ?
Do the American people deserve less of a voice and less control over their own country ?
Government of the people , by the people , and for the people comes with responsibilities .
In order to execute those responsibilities , ‘ we the people ’ need the resources and strength of the government we form and participate in .
We manage the government .
We hire them , and we fire them .
It ’s called voting .
If a corporation puts a toxic landfill half a mile from your children ’s school you call your representative and you get the collective power of the people to represent you and your small community against the monolithic weight of a multinational corporation .
The government is the people ’s government .
The government is the collective voice , power , and resources of the people .
They are your elected representatives .
Their power is your power .
Conservatives want this weakened and quieted while simultaneously freeing their corporate beneficiaries from the burdens of safety and environmental regulations , consumer protection , equitable taxation , and so on and so forth .
Taxes ; the money we all throw into a collective pot to tend to our collective needs ; the money that our elected representatives are charged to be good stewards of on behalf of the people that put the money in the pot and them into office ; the money that the conservatives under Bush took from a substantial surplus to a massive deficit until the people finally kicked them to the curb .
Taxes ; your money , our money .
Taxes are not taken from you .
That money is still yours and it ’s used to provide things for you that we can only afford collectively , such as roads , military , medicare , environmental protection , emergency response and management , and advocacy for each other against corporations that would pollute our waters , rape our land , and pay us just enough wages to keep us dependent on them .
If our representatives manage the money poorly , as the conservatives did under Bush , we fire them .
The new staff we hired / elected are making some progress , maybe not as much as we ’d like because of the obstruction they face , but they ’re making some progress .
The free - fall in the markets has slowed and there ’s been some recovery .
Things are a bit shaky still , but at least we ’re no longer up a creek without a paddle , in a leaking canoe skippered by a moron .
Many Americans , too many , are still out of work , but the job market is starting to rebound .
Conservatives are blocking every attempt to help those that are out of work , but our new staff / elected representatives are working at it despite the best efforts at sabotage of the old , conservative , corporately leased , staff that still need to be replaced .
Most Americans paid less in taxes over the past two years than they have in close to sixty years .
Citizens still demand all their necessary services from the government such as medicare , police , fire , road maintenance etc. , and they also want their government to be able to stop things like oil spills , rogue corporations , terrorist attacks , and epidemics , but they ’ve been convinced by corporate interest that they stand a better chance alone , than united .
The only ones in danger of paying higher taxes are the corporations , and the extremely wealthy , that organize and fund the Astro - Turf ‘ movements ’ that , under the guidance of rented politicians , want the people to have less collective financial resources to defend against the will of the corporate juggernaut .
Lower taxes and smaller government , with unregulated laissez faire capitalism , is nothing more than a recipe for corporate dominance over a disenfranchised , disempowered , and vulnerable citizenry .
Without regulations such as minimum wage , health insurance , worker safety , to name just a few that the conservatives have proposed cutting , the majority of the population would be relegated to the life of early twentieth century camp workers forced to shop at the company store .
The disparity between the very few rich and the impoverished masses would grow exponentially , and the smaller weakened government would not be able to offer any recourse .
Add to this the supplantation of the democratic principles of the constitution with the authoritarian hierarchy of fundamentalist Christian dogma , and social policy dictated by self - serving interpretations of religious writings based on a stone / bronze age desert God .
The weakness of the conservative platform , and disregard for the Constitution , becomes abundantly clear .
Is the Democratic Party , and their politicians , perfect ?
Absolutely not .
Are they overly influenced by special interests and Washington lobbyists ?
Most definitely .
Do we need some serious reform in our governmental processes , policies , and procedures ?
You bet your hind end we do .
But , until we affect those changes , we cannot allow the conservatives to weaken , usurp , and bankrupt our government to a point that those changes and innovations are no longer possible .
Should the conservatives get another chance to once again tip the apple cart ?
Is the answer a weaker government with less resources ?
Definitely not .
Can corporations be trusted to act in the best interest of the American citizens ?
They ’ve proven , most effectively , no .
Should domestic and foreign policy be based on the vague , self - serving , interpretations of ancient mythology ?
Not unless we want to return to the stone age from where the teachings originated .
When people are lost they look to religion .
When people are unable to govern themselves , they rely on religion .
When people do n’t have the answers , they take the ‘ in - lieu - of - answers ’ answers that religion offers .
America is not a country founded on the Christian religion .
Do n’t let the fanatics fool you .
It ’s a country where it is as safe to be a Christian as it is a Hindu , Muslim , Buddhist or Atheist , but it is not any one of these .
It is a country with religious freedom , not a country with a religion .
Ask yourself this question .
If a Christian nation was the true intent of the founding fathers , why did n’t they just say so ?
If , as the Christians would have you believe , a Christian nation was what the forefathers ‘ intended ’ ; why did they leave Jesus , Christ , or even the mention of Christianity , out of the Constitution , the Declaration of Independence , or the Bill of Rights ?
If this was so important to them , how could they possibly forget to mention it ?
Do n’t give me the ‘ National - Treasure - esque ’ decodified extrapolations from the secret vault of ‘ new ’ info in Glenn Beck ’s scrambled little brain either .
The man is horribly deluded and increasingly dangerous to others , if not himself .
There ’s an old saying that “ a little bit of knowledge can be a dangerous thing . ”
Mr. Beck has proven that just a little bit of knowledge , with a microphone and a national audience , can be a very , very , potentially dangerous thing .
If America was intended to be a Christian Nation , why the Separation of Church and State ?
Why do more than half of the State ’s Constitutions specifically ban the funding of religion by the State ?
America is a pluralistic society based on equal rights , not a theocracy to be dictated by one religious sect over others .
Case closed ; or at least it should be .
The founding fathers had seen what happens under state religions , like the Church of England and the Roman Catholic Church , and they wanted nothing to do with it .
They created a secular framework to provide the parameters for free individuals to govern themselves , for themselves .
They agreed that individuals should have the right to believe , or not , as they saw fit , but that no one could dictate the religious or spiritual conscience of another , nor have the laws of the republic undermined by religious perversion .
Christian reconstructionists like Sarah Palin , Glenn Beck , Sharron Angle and a host of other constitutionally challenged conservatives are lying .
They ’ve found something to fill the void in their platform , America ’s soft spot , and they are exploiting it .
Religion is nothing more than the sugar and spice that the conservatives have latched onto in order to sell an otherwise completely unpalatable , one dish , menu .
Who would be stupid enough to sign on to an already failed platform that goes directly against their own self interest , as well as the interest of every other American , save the rich , unless they find a way to sugar - coat it and hide its bitter taste and lack of nutritional value .
The conservatives are lost and they want to take us all with them .
Their only ideas benefit those that exploit the American people , rather than the people themselves .
As able governors , they ’re not much further along than our ancestors who invented the mythology that they espouse , and whose cross they hold high , while they cloak themselves in the same flag that they willingly auction off to the highest bidder .
In the past two years the Conservatives have done everything they can to undermine the government and social fabric of this country .
They ’ve worked diligently on behalf of corporations to obstruct any chance at progress or benefit to the American people , including unemployment benefits , while doing everything possible to protect and aid their Big-Business handlers .
They ’ve race - baited the country with manufactured controversy and set out to rewrite the history of this nation to fit their own non-democratic and unconstitutional agenda .
The Conservatives have nothing of meaning , or substance , to offer .
This is why they need religion .
They ’re lost , they do n’t know where to turn , they have no ideas , but they really , really , really want to be in charge .
Do n’t be fooled .
Even if you ’re a Christian , you no more want these jackals involved in your religion than the tens of millions of non-Christian Americans want Christianity forced on them through their government .
Look past their religious rhetoric and try to find a platform .
You will likely find that these very pious , would - be Emperors , have no clothes , except the ones the corporations have given them .
SEATTLE – Delegates to the 81st convention of the American Federation of Teachers here stood at floor microphones and blasted arbitrary closings of public schools , privatization and busting of unions that represent teachers , carried out in the guise of “ education reform . ”
During debate on a resolution on “ Unjustified Closure of Urban Neighborhood Schools , ” Carol Caref , a Chicago math teacher , told the 3,200 delegates , “ The reason you ’re hearing so much from us is this : [ U.S. Education Secretary ]
Arne Duncan came from our city .
We know what the nation has in store for it .
In Chicago , school closings … have been going on for years and the reason this newly elected Chicago delegation is here is finally people in our union started fighting against them . ”
“ We hear a lot about Rhode Island , ” Caref continued , referring to the 90 - plus teachers at Central Falls High School fired en masse but since rehired .
In Chicago , she said , “ school closings and mass firings have been going on for years .
That ’s why we decided to fight back . ”
African American neighborhood schools “ are the schools that Arne Duncan determined were ‘ low performing , ' ” she charged .
The schools were closed , veteran teachers in higher pay brackets were fired and charter schools were opened in their place with freshman teachers at the bottom of the pay scale .
A hundred charter schools have been opened in Chicago over the past decade and only three of them are unionized .
Caref added that organizing the teachers and staff at charter schools is imperative if for no other reason than to eliminate the economic incentive for closing public schools and converting to charters .
The resolution points out that 20 schools have been identified for phase - out in New York City and 29 schools in Kansas City .
Approved unanimously , the resolution says the AFT will “ continue to oppose school closures based on invalid measures that disregard the impact of neighborhood schools in the life of a community and do not offer solutions to improve teaching practices and supports for student learning . ”
Earlier , the delegates debated and adopted a resolution demanding that charter schools be subject to transparency and accountability as stringent as public schools .
It notes that right - wing foundations like the Walton Foundation and the Bradley Foundation resist accountability and engage in “ cynical and selective funding of charter schools [ that ] conceals their larger purpose of privatizing public education and stripping educators of professional voice and parents and communities of the information and power to assure a quality education for their children . ”
Another resolution approved by the delegates calls on the AFT to make organizing charter school employees into the union one of its highest priorities .
Aileen Mercado , a Filipina teacher in Baltimore and a member of the Baltimore Teachers Union executive board , drew a strong ovation when she told the convention , “ We have 27 charter schools in Baltimore and all of them are represented by the BTU . ”
David Condon , a high school history and economics teacher in Victor , N.Y. , told the People ’s World , “ Unionizing the charter schools is a challenge for our entire community .
Everybody wants what is best for children .
I think New York is a little ahead of the curve because all chartered school teachers are certified and these schools must meet the same New York State standards and regulations as public schools . ”
A key problem , he said , is stagnation in real pay for teachers and other wage - earners .
“ If you look at the statistics , workers ’ wages over the past 20 years , it ’s gone up in real terms about 5 percent while the pay of CEOs has gone up 70 percent . ”
Joe Menuwissen , a school psychologist in Bloomington , Minn. , told the World there is one charter school in his district and it is non-union .
“ We need to unionize these folks , ” he said .
“ This is a big deal for us .
We ’re a merged AFT - NEA state .
In two weeks , I ’m heading off to ‘ Union Camp . ’
We ’re going to learn about organizing . ”
Minnesota ’s unionization rate is fairly high , he said .
“ But we ’re dealing with a Republican governor who is all takeback .
Public employees are being laid off and furloughed to balance the budget .
I think this march on Washington October 2 ( the One Nation March on Washington for Jobs ) is very interesting .
That would be something to participate in . ”
Photo : Chad Adams , a teacher at a Chicago charter school who helped organize the school workers into the AFT , speaks at the convention .
It was his first AFT convention and the delegates gave him a standing ovation .
( PW / Tim Wheeler )
Toronto FC has relied on impressive defensive efforts during its franchise - record unbeaten run .
The team 's latest addition could provide its offence a boost .
Spanish striker Mista is expected to make his debut when Toronto plays its first road game in nearly two months Saturday against the expansion Philadelphia Union ( CBC , CBCSports.ca , 3:30 p.m. ET ) .
Toronto FC ( 6 - 4 - 4 ) has n't lost in any competition over the past 11 games and is 4 - 0 - 4 in MLS play since a 2 - 1 defeat at Real Salt Lake on May 1 .
Toronto has outscored opponents 10 - 3 over those eight games but has missed opportunities for points with three scoreless ties .
The Reds have managed only two goals over the last four games -- all at home -- since a 3 - 1 win at San Jose on May 29 .
Toronto avoided another scoreless draw last Saturday when Fuad Ibrahim tallied his first goal of the season in a 1 - 0 victory over Colorado .
Brazilian forward Maicon Santos made his debut in that game after signing with the team July 9 following his release from Chivas USA , where he played last season under current Toronto coach Preki .
Three days earlier , the team signed the 31 - year - old Mista , also known as Miguel Angel Ferrer Martinez , but he has n't been available until the league 's international transfer window opened this week .
The striker is n't expected to start Saturday but could see the field as two players will likely sit out .
Midfielder Martin Saric has an injured quad , and forward O'Brian
White has been ill for the past week .
" We 'll see how the game goes , " Preki said .
" We 're working on [ Mista 's ] fitness , and he 's been trying to push himself .
I think he 's coming along nicely . "
Toronto , 1 - 4 - 1 away from home in league play , got a challenge in the first meeting April 15 with the last - place Union ( 3 - 8 - 2 ) despite having a man advantage for much of game .
Philadelphia captain Danny Califf received a red card in the 34th minute for a foul on midfielder Julian de Guzman .
Dwayne De Rosario scored on the ensuing free kick and also had the go - ahead goal on a penalty kick in the 81st minute to lift Toronto to a 2 - 1 win .
The Union suffered their first loss in four home games last Saturday , 2 - 1 to San Jose , but earned a 1 - 0 exhibition victory over Scottish club Celtic FC on Wednesday in Philadelphia .
" I think [ the win ] helps , " goalkeeper Brian Perk told the team 's official website .
" I think we all know we played great [ against San Jose ] .
...
It just shows that if we keep playing the way we did the last couple games , we are going to get a lot of points . "
Iran ’s response to an attack could send oil prices through the roof , think tank argues
An Israeli attack on Iran would fail to stop Tehran ’s alleged nuclear weapons program and would lead to a “ long war ” that would be marked by economic instability and mass civilian casualties , says a study from British think tank .
In a report ( PDF ) released Wednesday , the Oxford Research Group stated that , while the likelihood of a US attack on Iran ’s nuclear program has been lessened by the Obama administration ’s policies , advances in Israeli military technology have increased the potential for an Israeli attack .
ADVERTISEMENT
The study , entitled “ Military Action Against Iran : Impact and Effects , ” also argues that an attack on Iran ’s nuclear facilities would galvanize the Iranian public behind the leadership of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and give the regime in Tehran more support and rationale for developing nuclear capabilities .
“ An Iranian administration under attack would experience considerable national unity and would work rapidly to redevelop its weapons programs , withdrawing from the NPT and prioritizing nuclear weapons , ” the report states .
As a result of that , the study concluded , Israel would be forced into repeatedly attacking Iranian facilities , “ resulting in prolonged conflict — the start of a long war with potential regional and global consequences . ”
Furthermore , the report — written by Paul Rogers , a professor of peace studies at Bradford University — suggested that any Israeli strike on Iran would cause a large number of civilian casualties because the Israeli strike would likely not be limited to the nuclear facilities themselves .
Israel “ would hit factories and research centers , and even university laboratories , in order to do as much damage as possible to the Iranian expertise that underpins the program , ” Rogers said in a press release .
Any Israeli military attempt to neutralize Iran ’s nuclear facilities “ would probably include attempts to kill those technocrats who manage IranÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s nuclear and missile programs . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ There would be many civilian casualties , both directly among people working on IranÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s nuclear and missile programs , but also their families as their living quarters were hit , and secretaries , cleaners , laborers and other staff in factories , research stations and university departments , Ã¢â‚ ¬Â Rogers said .
The ORG argues in its report that Iran would have many options in retaliating for an attack on its nuclear facilities .
Chief among them would be Iran ’s ability to block the Strait of Hormuz , the narrow body of water separating the Indian Ocean from the Persian Gulf , through which oil tankers from the Middle East have to travel .
If Iran were to block the Strait , oil prices would jump dramatically throughout the world .
Iran could also launch “ paramilitary and / or missile attacks ” on Western oil processing facilities in the Middle East , and could begin supporting groups fighting the US presence in neighboring Afghanistan and Iraq .
ADVERTISEMENT
Earlier this month , President Barack Obama signed into law another round of US sanctions against Iran , following on the heels of a fourth round of sanctions placed on the country by the UN .
Whether or not Iran is planning to build nuclear weapons has been an issue of controversy for years .
While Iran says its nuclear program is purely for peaceful purposes , Israeli lawmakers have described it as an “ existential threat ” to the small Jewish state .
ADVERTISEMENT
The ORG report says that Iran is “ slowly developing the technologies and personnel to enable it to handle a range of nuclear - related systems . ”
If the country were to decide to use those capabilities to make weapons , it would take three to seven years for it to produce six usable weapons .
“ There is no firm evidence that such a decision has been taken , but the nature of recent construction projects , especially those underground , suggests that the leadership at least wants the option of a capability , even if it is held in reserve rather than implemented , ” the report states .
The Oxford Research Group describes itself as “ an independent non-governmental organisation and registered charity , which works together with others to promote a more sustainable approach to security for the UK and the world . ”
It is not affiliated with Oxford University .
“ The conversation inevitably turned to what films we held in our collection , ” recalled Steve Russell , the New Zealand archive ’s manager of corporate services .
“ Brian was not surprisingly excited to learn the Film Archive held a number of non-New Zealand titles , primarily early nitrate films , including a substantial number of American films .
We offered to compile a list of the U.S. material , and it was a short step to here . ”
Many foreign films remained in New Zealand after their commercial lives were over because the studios did n’t think the return shipping was worth the expense .
“ It ’s one of the rare cases where the tyranny of distance has worked in our and the films ’ favor , ” Mr. Russell said .
Image “ The Girl Stage Driver ” ( 1914 ) , with Edna Payne , and other films in the New Zealand trove underline the contribution made by women to early cinema .
Credit ... National Film Preservation Foundation
Because of the importance of the John Ford film , “ Upstream ”  a backstage drama from 1927 , a year that was a turning point in the development of one of America ’s greatest filmmakers  it is being copied to modern safety film stock in a New Zealand laboratory , rather than risk loss or further damage in transit .
Although Ford was already famous as a director of epic westerns like “ The Iron Horse ” ( 1925 ) and “ Three Bad Men ” ( 1926 ) , “ Upstream ” appears to be his first film reflecting the influence of the German director F. W. Murnau , who had arrived at Ford ’s studio , Fox , in 1926 to begin work on his American masterpiece , “ Sunrise . ” From Murnau , Ford learned the use of forced perspectives and chiaroscuro lighting , techniques Ford would use to complement his own more direct , naturalistic style .
Richard Abel , a professor of film studies at the University of Michigan and an authority on early cinema , was one of the experts called in by the National Film Preservation Board to evaluate the inventory and establish priorities for films to be returned .
“ ‘ Upstream ’ was an obvious choice , ” Mr. Abel said , “ and I suggested strongly that they do ‘ Dolly of the Dailies ’ with Mary Fuller , because there ’s very little that survives of her films .
But we were also looking to fill in gaps , which is why many of the early westerns were chosen . ”
Internationally popular , westerns were an important export for the early American film industry , as were short comedies , with their broad physical humor that required no translation .
The New Zealand collection features nine comedies , including the 1918 “ Why Husbands Flirt ” from the prolific producer - director Al Christie .
Since Frank Shamrock officially retired from fighting on Saturday , I thought I 'd go ahead an revive my long slumbering MMA History series with a special all Frank Shamrock installment .
It 's oddly fitting that Frank 's retirement was utterly overshadowed by the defeat of Fedor Emelianenko 's first ever defeat on the same night because Frank 's career , storied as it has been has been constantly in the shadows .
As I wrote a year ago :
Its easy for newer fans to sleep on just how great Frank Shamrock was at his peak .
There are several reasons for this :
He fought at the beginning of the dark ages of the UFC .
They were still on PPV but just barely .
So many fewer people saw Frank 's glory days than saw the Royce Gracie / Ken Shamrock era or even the Don Frye / Mark Coleman period .
His biggest fights have never been released on DVD in the states ( track down the Australian versions on EBay ) .
He walked away from the sport at his physical peak ( age 28 ) and barely fought for the next ten years .
He almost signed with PRIDE but never stepped in the ring there .
Many casual fans confuse him with his adopted brother Ken Shamrock .
Most of his biggest wins were over fighters who either never lived up to their potential ( Olympic gold medalist Kevin Jackson ) , retired after losing to Frank ( Igor Zinoviev ) or went on to suffer long declines that make them seem less impressive in retrospect ( Enson Inoue , John Lober ) .
Finally , his feud with Zuffa has caused them to write him out of the official history of the UFC .
Do n't hold your breath waiting for Frank to be inducted in the UFC Hall of Fame although no fighter deserves it more .
Dave Meltzer writes :
Shamrock started in the Pancrase organization in Japan in 1994 .
It was the first organization that popularized the sport in that country .
Starting out in the shadow of adopted brother Ken Shamrock , the top fighter in the company , Frank briefly held the Pancrase championship and had legendary battles with the likes of Bas Rutten ( video ) , Yuki Kondo , Masakatsu Funaki and Allan Goes .
While it is basically erased from the UFC version of the history of the sport , Shamrock 's run as champion from Dec. 21 , 1997 , through relinquishing the title on Sept. 24 , 1999 , was one of the most impressive runs in company history .
He won the championship by beating 1992 Olympic wrestling gold medalist Kevin Jackson in 14 seconds with an armbar .
He followed with a 22 - second win against Igor Zinoviev , at the time the other major champion in the sport , with one of the most devastating slams in UFC history .
His final UFC appearance , against Tito Ortiz , still is considered the greatest match of the UFC 's early days ( video ) .
Giving up 25 pounds in the cage , he survived three rounds of ground and pound with movement on the bottom that gassed out his far bigger and stronger opponent .
From my second ever post on Bloody Elbow ( if you click through you can read me bashing Frank pretty hard for his 2007 era antics ) :
He was the first great fighter to be more than one - dimensional -- equally dangerous on his feet or on the ground .
And more importantly he fought smart .
Where his adopted brother Ken would come in to a fight with a one - move game plan and be stymied if something went wrong -- like Dan Severn refusing to go for the takedown -- Frank adapted .
His range and his brains exposed the weaknesses of even the best athletes in the game at the time .
Shooto champ Enson Inoue was known for his dominating BJJ game , but Frank used the " TK guard " to survive being mounted by Inoue for nearly an entire round before baiting Enson into a fight ending brawl .
Gold medal Olympian Kevin Jackson did n't know submissions and Frank armbarred him in 16 seconds .
The fierce Russian Igor Zinoviev had really bad takedown defense and 22 seconds later Frank had slammed him out cold .
Jeremy Horn surprised Frank and dominated through the regular period ( video ) , only to fall for a sneaky kneebar in the overtime round -- Frank 's pancrase background came in handy there !
Then he had his revenge match , John Lober had out - muscled and out - meaned Frank in their SuperBrawl match - up ( video ) and he was talking major trash before their UFC Brazil rematch .
Frank just flat whipped his ass .
Threw him around the ring , beat him standing and on the ground and in the end threw Lober 's threat to " beat him down until he wo n't want to get up and take anymore " back in his face .
Frank 's glory years reached a fitting climax when he used his superior conditioning and ring generalship to wear out Tito .
Tito had thrived on beating smaller opponents by getting the take down and then punishing them when they tried to fight to their feet .
Frank refused to play that game .
Frank conceded the takedown , went to guard and when Tito tired in the late rounds , Frank exploded to his feet and put the hurt on .
It 's impossible to convey how thrilling it was to follow Frank Shamrock in his glory days .
Not only did he put together one of the most impressive championship runs in UFC history , he did it by dramatically beating a string of opponents in different ways .
There were thrilling upsets ( Kevin Jackson , Tito Ortiz ) , revenge matches ( John Lober ) , come from behind pull it out of nowhere submissions ( Jeremy Horn ) , blink and you 'll miss it quick matches ( Jackson , Igor Zinoviev ) and an epic beatdown ( John Lober ) .
Rooting for Frank Shamrock during that period was the most thrilling sports fan experience of my life , matched only by watching the 1976 Oakland Raiders championship season as a seven year old following his first football season .
Thanks for the memories Frank , maybe someday the UFC will realize that honoring your accomplishments adds to their glory as well .
I should also mention Frank 's innovative team The Alliance .
After beginning his MMA career with brother Ken Shamrock 's Lion 's Den , Frank left and joined up with Maurice Smith and Tsuyoshi Kohsaka to form The Alliance .
Here 's Frank talking to Cageside Seats about the first multi-discipline fighting camp in MMA and a little bonus about his falling out with Dana White :
You formed the Alliance with Mo Smith and TK , was that a major game changer ?
100 % The truth is Ken had limited knowledge about training and athletics and most of it came from wrestling and football .
I was never taught how to do cardiovascular training until I met Maurice Smith .
He was like you gotta get your heart rate up to a certain level and build your cardiovascular system .
I was like " whoah ! that 's amazing stuff . "
The truth is that we were all fighters but there was limited information available .
As athletes in our sport we were not very developed .
A lot of people think I was on the cutting edge of mixed martial arts and yes I was but I was also on the cutting edge of developing as an athlete as well as training the techniques .
Maurice brought the striking and the cardio and the inside fighting and TK brought the active ground game , a different kind of ground fighting that was position based but also submission based .
The three of us were just like this weird melting pot where everyone else was fighting to keep their style intact , we were making a new one and also creating a new level of athlete which was me for some time .
How much of it was Maurice Smith changing everyone 's preconceptions about MMA when he won the UFC title ?
I think a lot of it was that and I also think a lot of it was , you know , we kept showing up as a team .
Not only Maurice winning the Extreme title and winning the UFC title .
He literally beat everybody up .
He was a kickboxer then we kind of replicated that a few years later with me .
We kind of cemented the idea that everything works , nothing works for long , you just keep improving your body and your machine .
What led to Dana
White hating you so much that you 've been erased from UFC history ?
For me it was just business .
The business was very young and dangerous business for both parties .
They invested a lot of money and did n't really know the product .
They invested heavily in this market and came up short for the first few years .
My brand was well established and I was taking it out of the sport and I was working on making it a household name .
When we met it was very bad time for the two of us to get in bed together .
I already had a plan .
I was going to be the Bruce Lee of MMA .
I wanted to bring athleticism and honor into the sport .
That was my mission and that 's where I was going .
Their mission was to have me fight for them .
And I could n't get them to see my bigger vision and to see the long term plan .
At the time Dana was not a very accomplished businessman and he took it personal .
I took it personal that he took it personal .
I 'm very vocal about what I like and what I do n't like .
I do n't think a giant monopoly controlling all the talent and everything in the whole sport is good for business .
I helped build Strikeforce because I see the future and there 's plenty of fighting to go around and plenty of talent .
Some HL videos , animated gifs and more on Frank 's biggest ever win in the full entry and talk about a couple of other fights from the period that mattered .
HL Reel of Frank Shamrock 's greatest hits from his UFC championship era :
Here 's Dave Meltzer 's write up of Frank 's greatest win , his defeat of Tito Ortiz at UFC 22 ( video here ) :
Shamrock weighed in at 198 pounds fully clothed , and after getting off the scale , pulled a thick book out of his pocket , so he was really about 195 pounds .
Ortiz weighed in at 199.9 pounds , the maximum allowed at the time in the weight class .
By the early afternoon of the fight , he was 217 , and he was between 220 and 222 when he stepped into the cage .
With five inches and about 25 - 27 pounds weight difference , the two men looked to be two weight classes apart .
The first two rounds saw Ortiz easily take Shamrock down .
Shamrock 's movement on the ground was such that he was able to avoid most of Ortiz 's ground - and - pound .
During the second round , Shamrock was busier from the bottom punching Ortiz 's ears , and Ortiz was having trouble getting clean blows in .
The third round was the turning point .
Shamrock scored with several low kicks but Ortiz took him down once again .
Shamrock again threw more blows from the bottom , but could n't get off his back against his much stronger foe .
Ortiz delivered a hard knee to the head when knees on the ground were still legal , opening up a big cut over Shamrock 's left eye .
Ortiz then stuck his fingers into the cut to attempt to spread it , again , at a time when such a maneuver was still legal since it had never been done in UFC so nobody thought to ban it ( it was banned after this fight ) .
Shamrock was bleeding heavily , but Ortiz was huffing and puffing at the end of the round .
As the second show under the 10 - point must system for scoring , Shamrock had lost all three rounds , although it was just as clear to the crowd the fight had turned around and Shamrock was likely to win .
In the fourth round , Shamrock 's low kicks resulted in Ortiz 's knee being bright red with welts .
Ortiz still used his reach and hurt Shamrock with jabs , but Shamrock 's low kick were doing more damage .
Ortiz got the takedown , but was tiring and Shamrock reversed him , unleashed a barrage of punches , and Ortiz went for another takedown .
Shamrock caught him in a guillotine and started squeezing , dropped the hold , then started dropping elbows and punches , and Ortiz tapped at 4:45 of Round 4 .
Here 's an unusual one -- Frank went to Japan between his rematch against John Lober and his defeat of Tito Ortiz and fought RINGS star Kiyoshi Tamura to a draw .
RINGS had a different rule set , it was closer to Pancrase than anything else -- no punches to the head standing , but kicks were allowed and no striking on the ground .
At the time I did n't consider it MMA , but Sherdog counts it :
And here 's Frank slamming Igor Zinoviev into retirement at UFC 16 .
From my UFC 16 post :
Coming in to this event , no one expected Frank to take out Igor Zinoviev quickly .
Igor had been the first to beat a top BJJ black belt in a major event in the states ( Mario Sperry ) .
Igor had DESTROYED Enson Inoue -- a fighter who had just given Frank the fight of his life .
And Igor had gone to a hard fought draw against John Lober -- whose win over Frank had yet to be avenged .
And yet Frank saw something the commenters did n't .
Igor Z. had a terrible habit of responding to a shoot by grabbing a headlock and curling around his opponent 's body .
Frank had clearly been watching for that because his slam was the perfect way to solve the otherwise very difficult Igor Zinoviev problem .
On the same UFC 17 card that Frank barely got past Jeremy Horn , Carlos Newton and Dan Henderson met in the " Middleweight Tournament " finals .
It was a four fight tourney at 200 lbs .
Newton , who would go on to fight at welterweight for most of his carreer was far smaller than Henderson .
Nevertheless it was a hugely anticipated match up as both men were very highly regarded at the time .
Watch it here .
Even though Newton lost , he came away with his reputation very much intact as many believed he should have won the decision .
Also at UFC 17 was Chuck Liddell in his debut MMA fight against Noe Hernandez ( HL video ) .
His second fight was against the much smaller Brazilian Jose " Pele " Landi -Jons .
Pele , the first star from the Chute Boxe camp that produced Wanderlei Silva , Mauricio " Shogun " Rua and Anderson Silva , gives the much larger Liddell a good fight .
Other entries in this series :
XXII : Catch Wrestling and Kazushi Sakuraba's Early PRIDE Run
XXI : The Amazing UFC Championship Run of Frank Shamrock
XX : Kazushi Sakuraba and Frank Shamrock Emerge at Ultimate Japan
XIX : The Humbled PRIDE of Nobuhiko Takada
XVIII : The Losses of Luta Livre
XVII : The Lion 's Den Roars
XVI : Rico Chiapparelli and the RAW Team
XV : Pancrase , RINGS , and Shooto 1996
XIV : Boom and Bust in Brazil
XIII : Coleman Gets His Kicks
XII : End of the UFC Glory Days
XI : Carlson Gracie's Mighty Camp
X : The Reign of the Wrestlers
IX : Strikers Attack
VIII : From Russia With Leglocks
VII : A New Phase in the UFC
VI : A Dutch Detour
V : The Reign of Royce
IV : Rickson Brings Jiu Jitsu Back to Japan
III : Proto MMA Evolves Out of Worked Pro Wrestling in Japan
II : The Ur- Brazilian MMA Feud : BJJ vs Luta Livre and the Style They Never Saw Coming
I : UFC 1 Pancrase meets BJJ
'' The impact of The End Of History is a perfect conceptual marriage between taxidermy , art and craft brewing .
The bottles are at once beautiful and disturbing - they disrupt conventions and break taboos , just like the beer they hold within them . ''
previous entry | main | next entry
" Shut up , " the TSA explained .
The TSA ( Transportation Safety Administration ) has decided to block -- as " inappropriate for government access " -- all Internet websites which contain " controversial opinion . "
I have no idea whether that would include ClassicalValues.com .
Are the opinions here controversial ?
What does that mean ?
An opinion that is controversial ?
Or an opinion about a controversial issue ?
Or are the two considered synonymous ?
Honestly , I could n't make this up if I tried .
While I have no way of knowing whether any TSA employees read this blog , that is n't the point .
My worry is what this obscene government pronouncement might mean in the long run .
Especially coming on the heels of a growing movement to do something I consider unthinkable in a free society : to give the government the power to shut down the Internet .
The people who work for the TSA are the lowest common denominator in robotic , mindless law enforcement .
They live by the rules of zero tolerance and zero common sense , and I believe that if they were ordered to enforce a rule of zero tolerance for controversial opinion at airports , they would be delighted ( at least , to the extent such mindless personalities are capable of feelings ) to operate " conversation sniffing devices , " and then yank people out of line for talking about taboo subjects .
It 's all too easy to laugh at these people -- for they have taken all the fun out of traveling and Americans try to be a fun-loving people -- but I 'm not sure that laughing at them will make them -- or their directive against " controversial opinion " -- go away .
The email does not specify how the TSA will determine if a website expresses a " controversial opinion . "
There is also no explanation as to why controversial opinions are being blocked , although the email stated that some of the restricted websites violate the Employee Responsibilities and Conduct policy .
It 's tough , but just for today I will try to put myself in the position of being a TSA administrator in charge of determining what it is that constitutes a controversial opinion .
It 's tough , but just for today I will try to put myself in the position of being a TSA administrator in charge of determining what it is that constitutes a controversial opinion .
A number of websites list the controversial issues in America .
There are far too many to list here , but the Wiki post on the subject was helpful enough to break them down into categories : * 2.1 Politics / economics
* 2.2 History
* 2.3 Religion
* 2.4 Science / Biology / Health
* 2.5 Sexuality
* 2.6 Sports
* 2.7 Entertainment
* 2.8 Environment
* 2.9 Law and Order
* 2.10 Linguistics
* 2.11 Philosophy
* 2.12 Psychiatry
* 2.13 Technology
* 2.14 Media / culture
* 2.15 People / public figures / infamous persons Damn !
Who'd have thought Sports could be controversial ?
Uh oh .
How quickly I forget !
It was only a few days ago that I wrote another Damn !
Who'd have thought Sports could be controversial ?
Uh oh .
How quickly I forget !
It was only a few days ago that I wrote another post speculating about Michael Vick 's psychopathology -- and I do not doubt that many people -- whether inside or outside of the TSA -- would consider it controversial .
Time does not permit a detailed examination of even an overview of the innumerable controversial issues .
Nor does my sanity .
But I 'll zero in on one example , selected dartboard style from among the twenty two controversial sub-topics in the Linguistics category .
The notoriously hot - button Sapir - Whorf hypothesis :
The linguistic relativity principle , or the Sapir - Whorf hypothesis [ 1 ] is the idea that differences in the way languages encode cultural and cognitive categories affect the way people think , so that speakers of different languages think and behave differently because of it .
A strong version of the hypothesis holds that language determines thought that linguistic categories limits and determines cognitive categories .
A weaker version states that linguistic categories and usage influence thought and certain kinds of non-linguistic behaviour .
The idea was first clearly expressed by 19th century national romantic thinkers , such as Wilhelm von Humboldt who saw language as the expression of the spirit of a nation .
The early 20th century school of American Anthropology headed by Franz Boas and Edward Sapir also embraced the idea .
Sapir 's student Benjamin Lee
Whorf came to be seen as the primary proponent of the hypothesis , because he published observations of how he perceived linguistic differences to have consequences in human cognition and behaviour .
Whorf 's ideas were widely criticised , and Roger Brown and Eric Lenneberg decided to put them to the test .
They reformulated Whorf 's principle of linguistic relativity as a testable hypothesis , now called the Sapir - Whorf hypothesis , and conducted experiments designed to find out whether color perception varies between speakers of languages that classified colors differently .
As the study of the universal nature of human language and cognition came in to focus in the 1960s the idea of linguistic relativity fell out of favor .
A 1969 study by Brent Berlin and Paul Kay showed that color terminology is subject to universal semantic constraints , and the Sapir - Whorf hypothesis was seen as completely discredited .
Thanks to the hard work over many years by Noam Chomsky and company , we ( at least those of us who really care about linguistics ) have been saved from the backward Sapir - Whorf hypothesis , which has now become a subject of ridicule : ... the Universalist theory of language [ ] was finally formulated by Noam Chomsky in the form of Universal Grammar , effectively arguing that all languages share the same underlying structure .
The Chomskyan school also holds the belief that linguistic structures are largely innate and that what are perceived as differences between specific languages - the knowledge acquired by learning a language - are merely surface phenomena and do not affect cognitive processes that are universal to all human beings .
This theory became the dominant paradigm in American linguistics from the 1960s through the 1980s and the notion of linguistic relativity fell out of favor and became even the object of ridicule . [ 20 ]
So , what does that mean if I 'm standing in a long TSA screening line at an airport and I wish to avoid controversy ?
Thanks to the hard work over many years by Noam Chomsky and company , we ( at least those of us who really care about linguistics ) have been saved from the backward Sapir - Whorf hypothesis , which has now become a subject of ridicule :
So , what does that mean if I 'm standing in a long TSA screening line at an airport and I wish to avoid controversy ?
Which of the following should I do ?
A. Ridicule the traditional Sapir - Whorf hypothesis in favor of the modern Chomskyist view ?
B. Attempt to defend a time - honored and " traditional " hypothesis despite my limited knowledge of whatever science might be behind it ?
Or C. Scrupulously avoid any mention of the Sapir - Whorf hypothesis ?
Some might say that the best answer is C .
Hear no opinion , see no opinion , speak no opinion .
Some might say that the best answer is C .
Hear no opinion , see no opinion , speak no opinion .
I 'd hate to think that 's become the American way .
Having no opinions on controversial issues may be orderly , but it is dull and colorless , and disses the First Amendment .
But I worry that in practice , the nearly infinite nature of possible opinions on innumerable subjects might mean that implementing the directive against controversial opinions will lead not to the prohibition of opinions on controversial subjects , but simply to the prohibition of opinions which disagree with the positions taken by the government bureaucracy or dominant academicians .
Whoever is in charge will have the right to issue restrictions on speech and " controversial opinion " will simply be defined as any opinion which disagrees with that of the government , its leaders , or whatever they decide .
Take Global Warming , for example .
The government 's position is much like that of Al Gore -- the debate is over and we need to get to work .
While the government ( and the TSA ) might not come right out and compare those who disagree to Nazis ( a comparison which Frank J. Fleming did a great job of tearing to shreds recently , BTW ) , such a topic is a perfect example of what is often called the dominant paradigm .
Government being the way it is , those who get to decide what is controversial are inevitably charged with stifling all views that dissent from the dominant view ( their view ) by declaring them " controversial . "
A controversial opinion is any opinion which disagrees with our opinion !
So , AGW is not controversial , because we have all agreed on a GREEN policy .
To question it is controversial .
Here in Ann Arbor , being a Republican or a conservative is controversial , while being a Democrat or a liberal is not controversial .
See how it works ?
In a post about the hotness gap ( of which I am sure the TSA would disapprove ) Stuart Schneiderman explains further : Feminism and radical leftism has always tried to deal with dissent by making the dissenters into outcasts and pariahs .
If you disagree with the basic dogmas of feminist ideology you will , in many communities , be shunned from polite society .
There are many places in this country where men hesitate to admit that they are Republicans because they will not just lose friends , but they will lose dating opportunities .
Many women openly brag that they will not date Republicans ; often they will not even talk with them .
Say something nice about Sarah Palin in many communities and you will immediately be labeled as deranged .
I do not even want to think about what it is going to do to your sex life .
( Via ( Via Dr. Helen . )
That reminds me of the time I met a woman who worked as a producer for NPR radio who could n't have been nicer until I mentioned in passing that as a libertarian I was not only an ACLU member , but an NRA member .
End. Of. Conversation .
Interestingly , I have to say that the same woman might be more open - minded today , because the left has realized that shaming people on the gun issue was an abject failure :
The massive campaign by gun control groups -- and their media allies , who were legion -- to " denormalize " gun ownership , and present it as something dangerous , deviant and subject to regulation at the whims of the government , has failed , with the Supreme Court explicitly saying that gun ownership by private citizens is a fundamental part of our system of liberty .
So in little more than 15 years , we 've seen an amazing turnaround on an issue where the " establishment " side had broad support from politicians ( in both parties , really ) and almost universal support from the media .
Gun control now is nearly dead as an issue , and the " establishment " view that the Second Amendment did n't protect any sort of individual right , but merely a right of states to have national guards , did not get the support of a single Supreme Court justice .
In practice , what this means is not so much that I would be agreed with , but that I might not be as likely to encounter the same sort of kneejerk shunning as I did .
In practice , what this means is not so much that I would be agreed with , but that I might not be as likely to encounter the same sort of kneejerk shunning as I did .
This may only be a temporary tactic , though , as I have seen gun-shunners in action since I was a kid .
Now , if I wanted to assign blame for the dominant paradigm of favoring all things left while shunning all things right , it would be very easy to point to Herbert Marcuse 's obnoxious doctrine of repressive tolerance .
It 's a long essay , but a few excerpts will provide the gist of it : ... certain things cannot be said , certain ideas cannot be expressed , certain policies cannot be proposed , certain behavior cannot be permitted without making tolerance an instrument for the continuation of servitude .
Marcuse saw traditional liberal tolerance of all ideas as unacceptable , because he perceived correctly that as a practical matter when ordinary Americans were given the option to freely choose , conservatism tended to win out .
So he proposed the liberation of tolerance ( which meant intolerance of the right ) : Liberating tolerance , then , would mean intolerance against movements from the Right and toleration of movements from the Left .
As to the scope of this tolerance and intolerance : ... it would extend to the stage of action as well as of discussion and propaganda , of deed as well as of word .
The traditional criterion of clear and present danger seems no longer adequate to a stage where the whole society is in the situation of the theater audience when somebody cries : ' fire ' .
It is a situation in which the total catastrophe could be triggered off any moment , not only by a technical error , but also by a rational miscalculation of risks , or by a rash speech of one of the leaders .
In past and different circumstances , the speeches of the Fascist and Nazi leaders were the immediate prologue to the massacre .
The distance between the propaganda and the action , between the organization and its release on the people had become too short .
But the spreading of the word could have been stopped before it was too late : if democratic tolerance had been withdrawn when the future leaders started their campaign , mankind would have had a chance of avoiding Auschwitz and a World War .
Naturally , he saw the America of the mid-1960s as fascist - like and warlike , which meant the society was in extreme danger , justifying extreme suppression of free speech and assembly :
The whole post - fascist period is one of clear and present danger .
Consequently , true pacification requires the withdrawal of tolerance before the deed , at the stage of communication in word , print , and picture .
Such extreme suspension of the right of free speech and free assembly is indeed justified only if the whole of society is in extreme danger .
I maintain that our society is in such an emergency situation , and that it has become the normal state of affairs .
Different opinions and ' philosophies ' can no longer compete peacefully for adherence and persuasion on rational grounds : the ' marketplace of ideas ' is organized and delimited by those who determine the national and the individual interest .
In this society , for which the ideologists have proclaimed the ' end of ideology ' , the false consciousness has become the general consciousness -- from the government down to its last objects .
The small and powerless minorities which struggle against the false consciousness and its beneficiaries must be helped : their continued existence is more important than the preservation of abused rights and liberties which grant constitutional powers to those who oppress these minorities .
It should be evident by now that the exercise of civil rights by those who do n't have them presupposes the withdrawal of civil rights from those who prevent their exercise , and that liberation of the Damned of the Earth presupposes suppression not only of their old but also of their new masters .
What he proposed was called " Repressive Tolerance " -- and the features are familiar to most American students who have attended your typical repressively intolerant college campus :
Given this situation , I suggested in ' Repressive Tolerance ' the practice of discriminating tolerance in an inverse direction , as a means of shifting the balance between Right and Left by restraining the liberty of the Right , thus counteracting the pervasive inequality of freedom ( unequal opportunity of access to the means of democratic persuasion ) and strengthening the oppressed against the oppressed .
Tolerance would be restricted with respect to movements of a demonstrably aggressive or destructive character ( destructive of the prospects for peace , justice , and freedom for all ) .
Such discrimination would also be applied to movements opposing the extension of social legislation to the poor , weak , disabled .
As against the virulent denunciations that such a policy would do away with the sacred liberalistic principle of equality for ' the other side ' , I maintain that there are issues where either there is no ' other side ' in any more than a formalistic sense , or where ' the other side ' is demonstrably ' regressive ' and impedes possible improvement of the human condition .
To tolerate propaganda for inhumanity vitiates the goals not only of liberalism but of every progressive political philosophy .
I see nothing especially original there .
Hardly a grand conspiracy theory .
It 's just an articulate old Commie explaining why his then - controversial opinions should become dominant , and yours should become controversial , and should be repressed .
He knew that there was no real , legal power to repress tolerance , but he wished and hoped that over time that would change :
While the reversal of the trend in the educational enterprise at least could conceivably be enforced by the students and teachers themselves , and thus be self - imposed , the systematic withdrawal of tolerance toward regressive and repressive opinions and movements could only be envisaged as results of large - scale pressure which would amount to an upheaval .
In other words , it would presuppose that which is still to be accomplished : the reversal of the trend .
However , resistance at particular occasions , boycott , non-participation at the local and small - group level may perhaps prepare the ground ....
Are people that easily led ?
I hope not .
Because , I regard such followers with a special contempt exceeded only by the contempt in which I hold those who seek to lead them .
Ugh .
Marcuse saw traditional liberal tolerance of all ideas as unacceptable , because he perceived correctly that as a practical matter when ordinary Americans were given the option to freely choose , conservatism tended to win out .
So he proposed the liberation of tolerance ( which meant intolerance of the right ) : Naturally , he saw the America of the mid-1960s as fascist - like and warlike , which meant the society was in extreme danger , justifying extreme suppression of free speech and assembly : What he proposed was called " Repressive Tolerance " -- and the features are familiar to most American students who have attended your typical repressively intolerant college campus : I see nothing especially original there .
Hardly a grand conspiracy theory .
It 's just an articulate old Commie explaining why his then - controversial opinions should become dominant , and yours should become controversial , and should be repressed .
He knew that there was no real , legal power to repress tolerance , but he wished and hoped that over time that would change :
Are people that easily led ?
I hope not .
Because , I regard such followers with a special contempt exceeded only by the contempt in which I hold those who seek to lead them .
Ugh .
Hey what happened ?
I thought this was about the TSA .
I do n't know why their newly announced policy against " controversial opinions " should remind me of Herbert Marcuse 's repressive tolerance , but it does .
I must be getting paranoid .
I mean , it 's not as if Marcuse is in charge of the TSA .
The man is dead .
His ideas were palpably wrong , and so are those who think like him .
It 's not as if he invented intolerance of dissent .
Besides , according to his own doctrines , we -- the currently oppressed minorities Marcuse called " the Damned of the Earth " -- now have just as much right to repress those in power today as his minions did back in 1965 .
Again : ... the false consciousness has become the general consciousness -- from the government down to its last objects .
The small and powerless minorities which struggle against the false consciousness and its beneficiaries must be helped : their continued existence is more important than the preservation of abused rights and liberties which grant constitutional powers to those who oppress these minorities .
It should be evident by now that the exercise of civil rights by those who do n't have them presupposes the withdrawal of civil rights from those who prevent their exercise , and that liberation of the Damned of the Earth presupposes suppression not only of their old but also of their new masters .
Except that I 'm still a liberal of the classical variety , so I do n't believe in repressing anyone 's free speech rights -- not even the new masters .
Repression does not justify counter - repression .
Cycles of repressive tolerance are best avoided .
Except that I 'm still a liberal of the classical variety , so I do n't believe in repressing anyone 's free speech rights -- not even the new masters .
Repression does not justify counter - repression .
Cycles of repressive tolerance are best avoided .
I only hope the TSA is not trying to start a new trend .
UPDATE : The TSA seems to be backing down after criticism .
After an uproar from conservative bloggers and free - speech activists , the Transportation Security Administration late Tuesday rescinded a new policy that would have prevented employees from accessing websites with " controversial opinions " on TSA computers at work .
The ban on " controversial opinion " sites , issued late last week , was included as part of a more general TSA Internet - usage policy blocking employee access to gambling and chat sites , as well as sites that dealt with extreme violence or criminal activity .
But the policy itself became controversial as the Drudge Report and a number of conservative bloggers highlighted the possibility that the policy could be used to censor websites critical of the agency or of the Obama administration in general .
The American Civil Liberties Union also questioned the language .
posted by Eric on 07.06.10 at 12:37 PM
Comments
Free Social Media Marketing Campaign
Are you a small ( or large ) Australian business / company / organisation that wants to harness the power of Social Media ?
Do n’t know where to start ?
Do n’t have a budget for online / social media marketing ?
No worries !
The team at SocialMediaNews.com.au would be happy to create a social media marketing campaign for your business at no cost .
We will create , manage and market your business via social channels like Twitter , Facebook , MySpace etc .
No contracts to sign , no money to hand over !
We do n’t mind what sort of business you are , private , public , online , offline , government department , organisation , charity – we love social media and want to help fellow Australia ’s benefit from enhanced social media presence .
We are even open to helping international businesses .
All we ask in return is a couple links ( dofollow ) from your websites .
If interested , simply submit your details below , a bit about your company and we will get back to you shortly .
%%wpcontactform % %
The X - Jet , developed by Williams International , is a small , light - weight Vertical Take Off and Landing ( VTOL ) system .
It is powered by a modified Williams F107 turbofan aircraft engine .
It can be be operated by and carry one person and is controlled by leaning in the direction of desired travel and adjusting the power .
It can move in any direction , hover , accelerate rapidly , and rotate .
It can fly for up to 45 minutes and travel at speeds up to 60 miles per hour ( 100 km / h ) .
It was evaluated by the U.S. Army in the 1980s , which deemed it inferior to the abilities helicopters and small unmanned aircraft .
Video exhibition at Wright - Patterson Air Force Base , Dayton , Ohio
Introduction and Specifications
Back in April , we first gave you a glimpse of the extreme Asus ARES dual - Radeon HD 5870 GPU powered graphics card , complete with some preliminary benchmarks .
At the time , the specifications were n't quite finalized and there was little word about availability in the U.S. , but the card 's impressive configuration immediately piqued our interest .
The ARES was , after all , a " true dual - Radeon HD 5870 " Cross Fire setup on a single PCB .
The Radeon HD 5970 was / is the fastest single graphics card on the market , and the Asus ARES would clearly offer more performance due to its increased number of stream processor cores and potentially higher clocks .
Over the long holiday weekend , we received word that Asus had decided to introduce the ARES in the U.S. market .
And much to our satisfaction one of the cards was en route to the HotHardware labs .
We have only had a short time with the card , but it is exactly the type of product we know the hardest of the hardcore among you are dying to check out .
So , we immediately ripped the box open and plugged it into one of our test rigs to see just what it could do .
Here 's a hint -- this baby is freakin ' Fast , with a capital F .
Asus ARES Limited Edition Dual Radeon HD 5870 Specifications & Features
Above are the final specifications for the Asus ARES .
As you can see , not only does the card employ dual , fully functional Radeon HD 5870 GPUs with the full complement of 1600 stream processors running at 850MHz , but each of the GPUs is paired to 2GB of GDDR5 memory , clocked at 1200MHz ( 4800 MHz effective ) , for a grand total of 4GB .
This card is obviously geared to the ultra enthusiast , with a high - res monitor ( think 30 " LCD ) or a multi-monitor Eyefinity setup .
( click for larger view )
To further enhance the extreme image of the ARES , Asus ships the card is an absolutely gigantic box , that 's more than triple the size of their typical graphics card packaging .
And inside the box is a locking , metal briefcase that protects the actual card and all of its included accessories .
Wait until you see this thing ...
As a huge James Bond fan , this news depresses the hell out of me .
According to the Mirror , the newest chapter in the spy series has been shut down due to MGM ’s ongoing financial woes .
The studio , which has been home to 007 since the beginning , is drowning in debt and in need of a life preserver .
Sadly , no one is coming to their rescue .
The as of yet untitled Bond 23 was to be directed by Sam Mendes , but it ’s likely he ’ll pursue other projects since the flick is in limbo .
Too bad .
It would have been interesting to see how someone of Mendes ’ talents would approach the Bond universe .
So , for now , the franchise is dead .
As are all of MGM ’s properties , including the much discussed The Hobbit , which is suffering from its own set of delays and problems .
Perhaps some kind soul with a heart of gold and a bank account to match will ride in on white steed to save the day .
But until that day comes , we ’re all left to wonder .
I dig Craig as Bond and was eager to see how he tackled the role his third time out .
Casino Royale was brilliant , while Quantum of Solace fell a bit flat .
Word is it could be years before 007 resurfaces .
Ugh .
I need a drink .
Shaken , not stirred , of course .
[ Via FilmDrunk ]
Under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( “ GAAP ” ) , publicly traded U.S. multinationals do not record U.S. tax expense on undistributed earnings of non-U.S. subsidiaries where the earnings are considered to be permanently reinvested outside the U.S .
For example , if a U.S. multinational earns $ 100 in a foreign jurisdiction that has no local income tax ( i.e. , a tax haven ) , the full $ 100 is included in the earnings reported to the public .
Ultimately , the foreign earnings will be subject to U.S. federal and state income taxes .
However , no U.S. tax expense is currently recorded if the earnings are designated as being permanently invested outside the U.S.
These earnings will ultimately be subject to U.S. taxes .
Even though it makes sense to accrue U.S. taxes as these earnings are generated , the accounting rules do not require such accrual .
Publicly traded U.S. multinationals primarily focus on earnings reported to shareholders .
Because GAAP rules do not require the booking of U.S. tax expense on undistributed earnings of non-U.S. subsidiaries , U.S. multinationals can increase their earnings per share by simply moving their profits out of the U.S. to a low tax foreign jurisdiction .
If Congress were to force a change in the GAAP rules so that U.S. multinationals had to record U.S. federal and state income taxes on all worldwide earnings ( net of applicable foreign tax credits ) , regardless if the foreign earnings were undistributed , it would significantly reduce the incentive to shift profits ( and jobs ) abroad .
Interestingly , this would not be a tax increase at all .
It would merely be an improvement in the calculation of earnings reported to shareholders .
The earnings would reflect a tax that will ultimately be paid .
The U.S. multinationals would continue to pay the same amount of U.S. tax as prior to the change .
The companies would merely be booking an expense and a liability that will ultimately come due , and the change would substantially reduce the incentive to shift profits and jobs overseas .
What would you say if I told you that your doctor was going to put you on heavy - duty anti-depressants not because you ’re depressed , but simply because he was just too lazy to read ?
It sounds crazy right ?
Unfortunately — as a study published in the Journal of Clinical Psychiatry reveals — it ’s quite common .
It turns out that an astounding 75 percent of general practice docs — and an additional 25 percent of psychiatrists — are choosing to ignore their own guidelines when diagnosing major depressive disorder ( MDD ) .
Those guidelines , set out in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders ( DSM - IV ) , exist to give doctors the guidance they need , and to protect us from being misdiagnosed and improperly treated .
But , of course , they only can work if doctors follow them !
Docs admit to ignoring depression guidelines
When a group of doctors were asked how often they are using the DSM - IV when diagnosing depression , the majority of them answered the multiple choice question with “ less than half of the time . ”
The author of the study , psychiatrist Dr. Mark Zimmerman , offered up the whiz - bang theory that doctors may not be using the DSM - IV criteria because it ’s very long and some may not be able to recall all of it .
Umm … pardon me ?!
He ’s GOT to be kidding , right ?
The results of the study would have been ridiculous enough on their own .
But Dr. Zimmerman ’s observations send this one right past ridiculous straight to shocking .
Let ’s see if I can break this one down :
The criteria for diagnosing a person with a serious illness are just too long for my doctor to recall .
And apparently it ’s too much trouble for him to actually pull them out and read through them when he ca n’t remember them .
So , instead , my doctor embracing his laziness , chooses to throw caution to the wind , ignore the guidelines , and pronounces me “ seriously depressed . ”
So , instead , my doctor embracing his laziness , chooses to throw caution to the wind , ignore the guidelines , and pronounces me “ seriously depressed . ”
Out comes the prescription pad and , next thing I know , I ’m doped up on some serious medications to treat my illness .
Only problem is , I was n’t even depressed to begin with .
Zimmerman went on to helpfully suggest that perhaps we should shorten up the definition of MDD to assist the docs … who are blatantly ignoring the guidelines…t o get their diagnoses right .
I suppose just expecting doctors to do their J..O..B… would be too much to ask ?
If you ’d like to see what ’s in the DSM - IV you can take a look at it here .
Better yet , you might want to be sure your doctor has the link .
Disgusted … but not depressed .
Related Articles
Brand and the other brave participants will jet more than 365,000 feet straight into the Earth 's atmosphere at a speed three times faster than the speed of sound .
Then they can unfasten their seatbelts and float weightlessly for five minutes before shuttling back to Earth .
" There will be 17 - inch - diameter windows to look out onto , " a space agent for Virgin Galactic tells E !
" Passengers will be able to view Earth around 800 miles in any direction from space . "
But Russell will have to do some prep work before his blastoff , including two to three days of astronaut training .
Luckily , he has plenty of time , since the spacecraft is still in testing stages .
Katy has n't purchased a ticket for herself yet , but she 's invited to wait at Virgin Galactic 's New Mexico spaceport for Russell 's return .
A friend of the pop singer hopes she 'll change her mind and join him .
" She should get the seat right next to him , " our source says .
Once he returns to Earth ( with or without Katy ) , he 'll get pinned with astronaut wings .
" They will pop champagne , give you astronaut wings and give you a party , " the Virgin rep tells us .
Sounds like this couple is really living the high life !
Wide receiver Antonio Bryant has agreed to a four - year deal with the Cincinnati Bengals , his agent , Patrick Brougham , told ESPN NFL Insider Adam Schefter on Wednesday .
Bryant 's contract is worth $ 28 million , a source told ESPN.com 's John Clayton .
With incentives , he could make as much as $ 29 million .
Cincinnati's addition of Bryant considerably lessens the possibility that the Bengals will sign unrestricted free agent Terrell Owens .
A league source told Schefter that the Bengals never made Owens a contract offer .
Receiver Chad Ochocinco has been lobbying for the Bengals to sign Owens since the end of last season , when the Bengals ' passing game lacked a deep threat .
" There 's always been the speculation and perception out there [ about coming to Cincinnati ] and Chad kick - started it and lobbied to have me here as a teammate and I welcome it with open arms , " Owens , who made a visit to the Bengals , told the Cincinnati Enquirer .
Bryant had career highs with 83 catches for 1,248 yards and seven touchdowns in 2008 with Tampa Bay .
He needed surgery for torn cartilage in his left knee during training camp last year , and was bothered by pain in the knee all season .
He finished with 39 catches for 600 yards and four touchdowns .
Cincinnati needs at least one proven receiver after releasing Laveranues Coles , who lasted only one season with the Bengals .
Receiver Matt Jones , who was out of the NFL last season after Jacksonville released him because of off - field issues , has signed a one - year deal with the Bengals .
The Bengals went 10 - 6 and won the AFC North last season by relying on their defense and running game .
They lost to the New York Jets in their first playoff game since 2005 , struggling to move the ball .
Owens , a six - time Pro Bowl receiver , had 69 catches for 1,052 yards and 10 touchdowns with Dallas in 2008 , and dropped off to 55 catches for 829 yards with five touchdowns last season in Buffalo .
Cincinnati's passing offense finished 26th in the league last season even though quarterback Carson Palmer was back from an elbow injury .
The Bengals did n't have a reliable third - down receiver -- T.J. Houshmandzadeh left as a free agent for Seattle before last season -- and Coles failed to blend into the offense .
The Bengals also lacked a deep threat after Chris Henry got hurt .
Henry later died in a fall from a truck during a domestic dispute .
Getting a receiver and a tight end are among the team 's top priorities in free agency and the draft .
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
The Portable Executable File Format
Abstract
The Windows NT™ version 3.1 operating system introduces a new executable file format called the Portable Executable ( PE ) file format .
Introduction
The recent addition of the Microsoft® Windows NT ™ operating system to the family of Windows ™ operating systems brought many changes to the development environment and more than a few changes to applications themselves .
One of the more significant changes is the introduction of the Portable Executable ( PE ) file format .
The new PE file format draws primarily from the COFF ( Common Object File Format ) specification that is common to UNIX ® operating systems .
Yet , to remain compatible with previous versions of the MS - DOS ® and Windows operating systems , the PE file format also retains the old familiar MZ header from MS - DOS .
This article discusses each of the components of the file as they occur when you traverse the file 's contents , starting at the top and working your way down through the file .
Much of the definition of individual file components comes from the file WINNT.H , a file included in the Microsoft Win32 ™ Software Development Kit ( SDK ) for Windows NT .
In it you will find structure type definitions for each of the file headers and data directories used to represent various components in the file .
In other places in the file , WINNT .
H lacks sufficient definition of the file structure .
The PE file format for Windows NT introduces a completely new structure to developers familiar with the Windows and MS - DOS environments .
Yet developers familiar with the UNIX environment will find that the PE file format is similar to , if not based on , the COFF specification .
The entire format consists of an MS - DOS MZ header , followed by a real - mode stub program , the PE file signature , the PE file header , the PE optional header , all of the section headers , and finally , all of the section bodies .
The optional header ends with an array of data directory entries that are relative virtual addresses to data directories contained within section bodies .
Each data directory indicates how a specific section body 's data is structured .
The PE file format has eleven predefined sections , as is common to applications for Windows NT , but each application can define its own unique sections for code and data .
The .debug predefined section also has the capability of being stripped from the file into a separate debug file .
If so , a special debug header is used to parse the debug file , and a flag is specified in the PE file header to indicate that the debug data has been stripped .
Structure of PE Files
The PE file format is organized as a linear stream of data .
It begins with an MS - DOS header , a real - mode program stub , and a PE file signature .
Immediately following is a PE file header and optional header .
Beyond that , all the section headers appear , followed by all of the section bodies .
Closing out the file are a few other regions of miscellaneous information , including relocation information , symbol table information , line number information , and string table data .
All of this is more easily absorbed by looking at it graphically , as shown in Figure 1 .
Figure 1 . Structure of a Portable Executable file image
Starting with the MS - DOS file header structure , each of the components in the PE file format is discussed below in the order in which it occurs in the file .
MS - DOS / Real - Mode Header
As mentioned above , the first component in the PE file format is the MS - DOS header .
The MS - DOS header is not new for the PE file format .
It is the same MS - DOS header that has been around since version 2 of the MS - DOS operating system .
The main reason for keeping the same structure intact at the beginning of the PE file format is so that , when you attempt to load a file created under Windows version 3.1 or earlier , or MS DOS version 2.0 or later , the operating system can read the file and understand that it is not compatible .
In other words , when you attempt to run a Windows NT executable on MS - DOS version 6.0 , you get this message : " This program can not be run in DOS mode . "
If the MS - DOS header was not included as the first part of the PE file format , the operating system would simply fail the attempt to load the file and offer something completely useless , such as : " The name specified is not recognized as an internal or external command , operable program or batch file . "
The MS - DOS header occupies the first 64 bytes of the PE file .
A structure representing its content is described below :
WINNT .H
typedef struct _IMAGE_DOS_HEADER
{ // DOS .EXE header USHORT e_magic ; // Magic number USHORT e_cblp ; //
Bytes on last page of file USHORT e_cp ; // Pages in file USHORT e_crlc ; // Relocations USHORT e_cparhdr ; //
Size of header in paragraphs USHORT e_minalloc ; // Minimum extra paragraphs needed USHORT e_maxalloc ; // Maximum extra paragraphs needed USHORT e_ss ; // Initial ( relative ) SS value USHORT e_sp ; // Initial SP value USHORT e_csum ; // Checksum USHORT e_ip ; // Initial IP value USHORT e_cs ; // Initial ( relative ) CS value USHORT e_lfarlc ; //
File address of relocation table USHORT e_ovno ; // Overlay number USHORT e_res [ 4 ] ; // Reserved words USHORT e_oemid ; // OEM identifier ( for e_oeminfo ) USHORT e_oeminfo ; // OEM information ; e_oemid specific USHORT e_res2 [ 10 ] ; //
Reserved words LONG e_lfanew ; //
File address of new exe header } IMAGE_DOS_HEADER , *PIMAGE_DOS_HEADER ;
The first field , e_magic , is the so - called magic number .
This field is used to identify an MS - DOS - compatible file type .
All MS - DOS - compatible executable files set this value to 0x54AD , which represents the ASCII characters MZ .
MS - DOS headers are sometimes referred to as MZ headers for this reason .
Many other fields are important to MS - DOS operating systems , but for Windows NT , there is really one more important field in this structure .
The final field , e_lfanew , is a 4 - byte offset into the file where the PE file header is located .
It is necessary to use this offset to locate the PE header in the file .
For PE files in Windows NT , the PE file header occurs soon after the MS - DOS header with only the real - mode stub program between them .
Real - Mode Stub Program
The real - mode stub program is an actual program run by MS - DOS when the executable is loaded .
For an actual MS - DOS executable image file , the application begins executing here .
For successive operating systems , including Windows , OS / 2® , and Windows NT , an MS - DOS stub program is placed here that runs instead of the actual application .
The programs typically do no more than output a line of text , such as : " This program requires Microsoft Windows v3.1 or greater . "
Of course , whoever creates the application is able to place any stub they like here , meaning you may often see such things as : " You ca n't run a Windows NT application on OS / 2 , it 's simply not possible . "
When building an application for Windows version 3.1 , the linker links a default stub program called WINSTUB.EXE into your executable .
You can override the default linker behavior by substituting your own valid MS - DOS - based program in place of WINSTUB and indicating this to the linker with the STUB module definition statement .
Applications developed for Windows NT can do the same thing by using the - STUB : linker option when linking the executable file .
PE File Header and Signature
The PE file header is lo cated by indexing the e_lfanew field of the MS - DOS header .
The e_lfanew field simply gives the offset in the file , so add the file 's memory - mapped base address to determine the actual memory - mapped address
#define NTSIGNATURE(a ) ( ( LPVOID ) (( BYTE *) a + \ ( ( PIMAGE_DOS_HEADER )a)->e_lfanew ) )
When manipulating PE file information , I found that there were several locations in the file that I needed to refer to often .
Since these locations are merely offsets into the file , it is easier to implement these locations as macros because they provide much better performance than functions do .
Notice that instead of retrieving the offset of the PE file header , this macro retrieves the location of the PE file signature .
Starting with Windows and OS / 2 executables , .EXE files were given file signatures to specify the intended target operating system .
For the PE file format in Windows NT , this signature occurs immediately before the PE file header structure .
In versions of Windows and OS / 2 , the signature is the first word of the file header .
Also , for the PE file format , Windows NT uses a DWORD for the signature .
The macro presented above returns the offset of where the file signature appears , regardless of which type of executable file it is .
So depending on whether it's a Windows NT file signature or not , the file header exists either after the signature DWORD or at the signature WORD .
DWORD WINAPI ImageFileType ( LPVOID lpFile ) { /* DOS file signature comes first .
*/ if ( *( USHORT *) lpFile == IMAGE_DOS_SIGNATURE ) { /* Determine location of PE
File header from DOS header .
*/ if ( LOWORD ( *( DWORD *) NTSIGNATURE ( lpFile ) ) == IMAGE_OS2_SIGNATURE || LOWORD ( *( DWORD *) NTSIGNATURE ( lpFile ) ) == IMAGE_OS2_SIGNATURE_LE ) return ( DWORD ) LOWORD (*( DWORD *) NTSIGNATURE ( lpFile ) ) ; else if ( *( DWORD *) NTSIGNATURE ( lpFile ) == IMAGE_NT_SIGNATURE ) return IMAGE_NT_SIGNATURE
; else return IMAGE_DOS_SIGNATURE ; } else /* unknown file type */ return 0 ; }
The code listed above quickly shows how useful the NTSIGNATURE macro becomes .
The macro makes it easy to compare the different file types and return the appropriate one for a given type of file .
The four different file types defined in WINNT .H are :
WINNT .H
#define IMAGE_DOS_SIGNATURE
0x5A4D // MZ #define IMAGE_OS2_SIGNATURE
0x454E // NE # define IMAGE_OS2_SIGNATURE_LE
0x454C // LE # define IMAGE_NT_SIGNATURE
0x00004550 // PE00
At first it seems curious that Windows executable file types do not appear on this list .
But then , after a little investigation , the reason becomes clear :
There really is no difference between Windows executables and OS / 2 executables other than the operating system version specification .
Both operating systems share the same executable file structure .
Turning our attention back to the Windows NT PE file format , we find that once we have the location of the file signature , the PE file follows four bytes later .
The next macro identifies the PE file header :
#define PEFHDROFFSET(a ) ( ( LPVOID ) (( BYTE *) a + \ ( ( PIMAGE_DOS_HEADER )a)->e_lfanew + SIZE_OF_NT_SIGNATURE
) )
The only difference between this and the previous macro is that this one adds in the constant SIZE_OF_NT_SIGNATURE .
Sad to say , this constant is not defined in WINNT .H .
Now that we know the location of the PE file header , we can examine the data in the header simply by assigning this location to a structure , as in the following example :
PIMAGE_FILE_HEADER pfh ; pfh = ( PIMAGE_FILE_HEADER ) PEFHDROFFSET
( lp File ) ;
In this example , lpFile represents a pointer to the base of the memory - mapped executable file , and therein lies the convenience of memory - mapped files .
No file I / O needs to be performed ; simply dereference the pointer pfh to access information in the file .
The PE file header structure is defined as :
WINNT .H
typedef struct _IMAGE_FILE_HEADER
{ USHORT Machine ; USHORT NumberOfSections ; ULONG TimeDateStamp ; ULONG PointerToSymbolTable ; ULONG NumberOfSymbols ; USHORT SizeOfOptionalHeader ; USHORT Characteristics ; } IMAGE_FILE_HEADER , *PIMAGE_FILE_HEADER ; #define IMAGE_SIZEOF_FILE_HEADER
20
Notice that the size of the file header structure is conveniently defined in the include file ...
The information in the PE file is basically high - level information that is used by the system or applications to determine how to treat the file .
The first field is used to indicate what type of machine the executable was built for , such as the DEC ®
Alpha , MIPS R4000 , Intel® x86 , or some other processor .
The system uses this information to quickly determine how to treat the file before going any further into the rest of the file data .
The Characteristics field identifies specific characteristics about the file .
For example , consider how separate debug files are managed for an executable .
It is possible to strip debug information from a PE file and store it in a debug file ( . DBG ) for use by debuggers .
To do this , a debugger needs to know whether to find the debug information in a separate file or not and whether the information has been stripped from the file or not .
A debugger could find out by drilling down into the executable file looking for debug information .
To save the debugger from having to search the file , a file characteristic that indicates that the file has been stripped ( IMAGE_FILE_DEBUG_STRIPPED ) was invented .
Debuggers can look in the PE file header to quickly determine whether the debug information is present in the file or not .
WINNT .H defines several other flags that indicate file header information much the way the example described above does .
I 'll leave it as an exercise for the reader t o look up the flags to see if any of them are interesting or not .
They are located in WINNT .
H immediately after the IMAGE_FILE_HEADER structure described above .
One other useful entry in the PE file header structure is the NumberOfSections field .
It turns out that you need to know how many sections -- more specifically , how many section headers and section bodies -- are in the file in order to extract the information easily .
Each section header and section body is laid out sequentially in the file , so the number of sections is necessary to determine where the section headers and bodies end .
The following function extracts the number of sections from the PE file header :
int WINAPI NumOfSections ( LPVOID lpFile ) { /*
Number of sections is indicated in file header .
*/ return ( int ) ( ( PIMAGE_FILE_HEADER ) PEFHDROFFSET ( lpFile ) ) -> NumberOfSections ) ; }
As you can see , the PEFHDROFFSET and the other macros are pretty handy to have around .
PE Optional Header
The next 224 bytes in the executable file make up the PE optional header .
Though its name is " optional header , " rest assured that this is not an optional entry in PE executable files .
A pointer to the optional header is obtained with the OPTHDROFFSET macro :
#define OPTHDROFFSET(a ) ( ( LPVOID ) (( BYTE *) a + \ ( ( PIMAGE_DOS_HEADER )a)-> e_lfanew + SIZE_OF_NT_SIGNATURE
+ \ sizeof ( IMAGE_FILE_HEADER ) ) )
The optional header contains most of the meaningful information about the executable image , such as initial stack size , program entry point location , preferred base address , operating system version , section alignment information , and so forth .
The IMAGE_OPTIONAL_HEADER structure represents the optional header as follows :
WINNT .H
typedef struct _IMAGE_OPTIONAL_HEADER
{ // //
Standard fields .
// USHORT Magic ; UCHAR MajorLinkerVersion ; UCHAR MinorLinkerVersion ; ULONG SizeOfCode ; ULONG SizeOfInitializedData ; ULONG SizeOfUninitializedData ; ULONG AddressOfEntryPoint ; ULONG BaseOfCode ; ULONG BaseOfData ; // // NT additional fields .
// ULONG ImageBase ; ULONG SectionAlignment ; ULONG FileAlignment ; USHORT MajorOperatingSystemVersion ; USHORT MinorOperatingSystemVersion ; USHORT MajorImageVersion ; USHORT MinorImageVersion ; USHORT MajorSubsystemVersion ; USHORT MinorSubsystemVersion ; ULONG Reserved1 ; ULONG SizeOfImage ; ULONG SizeOfHeaders ; ULONG CheckSum ; USHORT Subsystem ; USHORT DllCharacteristics ; ULONG SizeOfStackReserve ; ULONG SizeOfStackCommit ; ULONG SizeOfHeapReserve ; ULONG SizeOfHeapCommit ; ULONG LoaderFlags ; ULONG NumberOfRvaAndSizes ; IMAGE_DATA_DIRECTORY
DataDirectory [ IMAGE_NUMBEROF_DIRECTORY_ENTRIES ] ; } IMAGE_OPTIONAL_HEADER , *PIMAGE_OPTIONAL_HEADER ;
As you can see , the list of fields in this structure is rather lengthy .
Rather than bore you with descriptions of all of these fields , I 'll simply discuss the useful ones -- that is , useful in the context of exploring the PE file format .
Standard Fields
First , note that the structure is divided into " Standard fields " and " NT additional fields . "
The standard fields are those common to the Common Object File Format ( COFF ) , which most UNIX executable files use .
Though the standard fields retain the names defined in COFF , Windows NT actually uses some of them for different purposes that would be better described with other names .
Magic .
I was unable to track down what this field is used for .
MajorLinkerVersion , MinorLinkerVersion .
Indicates version of the linker that linked this image .
SizeOfCode .
Size of executable code .
SizeOfInitializedData .
Size of initialized data .
SizeOfUninitializedData .
Size of uninitialized data .
AddressOfEntryPoint .
Of the standard fields , the AddressOfEntryPoint field is the most interesting for the PE file format .
This field indicates the location of the entry point for the application and , perhaps more importantly to system hackers , the location of the end of the Import Address Table ( IAT ) .
The following function demonstrates how to retrieve the entry point of a Windows NT executable image from the optional header .
LPVOID WINAPI GetModuleEntryPoint ( LPVOID lpFile ) { PIMAGE_OPTIONAL_HEADER
poh ; poh = ( PIMAGE_OPTIONAL_HEADER ) OPTHDROFFSET
( lp File ) ; if ( poh != NULL ) return ( LPVOID ) poh->AddressOfEntryPoint ; else return NULL ; }
BaseOfCode .
Relative offset of code ( " .text " section ) in loaded image .
BaseOfData .
Relative offset of uninitialized data ( " .bss " section ) in loaded image .
Windows NT Additional Fields
The additional fields added to the Windows NT PE file format provide loader support for much of the Windows NT - specific process behavior .
Following is a summary of these fields .
ImageBase .
Preferred base address in the address space of a process to map the executable image to .
The linker defaults to 0x00400000 , but you can override the default with the - BASE : linker switch .
SectionAlignment .
Each section is loaded into the address space of a process sequentially , beginning at ImageBase .
SectionAlignment dictates the minimum amount of space a section can occupy when loaded -- that is , sections are aligned on SectionAlignment boundaries .
Section alignment can be no less than the page size ( currently 4096 bytes on the x 86 platform ) and must be a multiple of the page size as dictated by the behavior of Windows NT 's virtual memory manager .
4096 bytes is the x 86 linker default , but this can be set using the - ALIGN : linker switch .
FileAlignment .
Minimum granularity of chunks of information within the image file prior to loading .
For example , the linker zero - pads a section body ( raw data for a section ) up to the nearest FileAlignment boundary in the file .
This value is constrained to be a power of 2 between 512 and 65,535 .
MajorOperatingSystemVersion .
Indicates the major version of the Windows NT operating system .
MinorOperatingSystemVersion .
Indicates the minor version of the Windows NT operating system .
MajorImageVersion .
Used to indicate the major version number of the application .
MinorImageVersion .
Used to indicate the minor version number of the application .
MajorSubsystemVersion .
Indicates the Windows NT Win32 subsystem major version number .
MinorSubsystemVersion .
Indicates the Windows NT Win32 subsystem minor version number .
Reserved1 .
Unknown purpose , currently not used by the system and set to zero by the linker .
SizeOfImage .
Indicates the amount of address space to reserve in the address space for the loaded executable image .
This number is influenced greatly by SectionAlignment .
For example , consider a system having a fixed page size of 4096 bytes .
If you have an executable with 11 sections , each less than 4096 bytes , aligned on a 65,536 - byte boundary , the SizeOfImage field would be set to 11 * 65,536 = 720,896 ( 176 pages ) .
The same file linked with 4096 - byte alignment would result in 11 * 4096 = 45,056 ( 11 pages ) for the SizeOfImage field .
This is a simple example in which each section requires less than a page of memory .
In reality , the linker determines the exact SizeOfImage by figuring each section individually .
It first determines how many bytes the section requires , then it rounds up to the nearest page boundary , and finally it rounds page count to the nearest SectionAlignment boundary .
The total is then the sum of each section 's individual requirement .
SizeOfHeaders .
This field indicates how much space in the file is used for representing all the file headers , including the MS - DOS header , PE file header , PE optional header , and PE section headers .
The section bodies begin at this location in the file .
CheckSum .
A checksum value is used to validate the executable file at load time .
The value is set and verified by the linker .
The algorithm used for creating these checksum values is proprietary information and will not be published .
Subsystem .
Field used to identify the target subsystem for this executable .
Each of the possible subsystem values are listed in the WINNT .
H file immediately after the IMAGE_OPTIONAL_HEADER structure .
DllCharacteristics .
Flags used to indicate if a DLL image includes entry points for process and thread initialization and termination .
SizeOfStackReserve , SizeOfStackCommit , SizeOfHeapReserve , S izeOfHeapCommit .
These fields control the amount of address space to reserve and commit for the stack and default heap .
Both the stack and heap have default values of 1 page committed and 16 pages reserved .
These values are set with the linker switches - STACKSIZE : and - HEAPSIZE : .
LoaderFlags .
Tells the loader whether to break on load , debug on load , or the default , which is to let things run normally .
NumberOfRvaAndSizes .
This field identifies the length of the DataDirectory array that follows .
It is important to note that this field is used to identify the size of the array , not the number of valid entries in the array .
DataDirectory .
The data directory indicates where to find other important components of executable information in the file .
It is really nothing more than an array of IMAGE_DATA_DIRECTORY structures that are located at the end of the optional header structure .
The current PE file format defines 16 possible data directories , 11 of which are now being used .
Data Directories
As defined in WINNT.H , the data directories are :
WINNT .H
// Directory Entries // Export Directory #define IMAGE_DIRECTORY_ENTRY_EXPORT
0 // Import Directory #define IMAGE_DIRECTORY_ENTRY_IMPORT
1 // Resource Directory #define IMAGE_DIRECTORY_ENTRY_RESOURCE
2 // Exception Directory #define IMAGE_DIRECTORY_ENTRY_EXCEPTION
3 // Security Directory #define IMAGE_DIRECTORY_ENTRY_SECURITY
4 // Base Relocation Table #define IMAGE_DIRECTORY_ENTRY_BASERELOC
5 // Debug Directory #define IMAGE_DIRECTORY_ENTRY_DEBUG
6 // Description String #define IMAGE_DIRECTORY_ENTRY_COPYRIGHT
7 // Machine Value ( MIPS GP ) # define IMAGE_DIRECTORY_ENTRY_GLOBALPTR
8 // TLS Directory # define IMAGE_DIRECTORY_ENTRY_TLS
9 // Load Configuration Directory #define IMAGE_DIRECTORY_ENTRY_LOAD_CONFIG
10
Each data directory is basically a structure defined as an IMAGE_DATA_DIRECTORY .
And although data directory entries themselves are the same , each specific directory type is entirely unique .
The definition of each defined data directory is described in " Predefined Sections " later in this article .
WINNT .H
typedef struct _IMAGE_DATA_DIRECTORY
{ ULONG VirtualAddress ; ULONG Size ; } IMAGE_DATA_DIRECTORY , *PIMAGE_DATA_DIRECTORY ;
Each data directory entry specifies the size and relative virtual address of the directory .
To locate a particular directory , you determine the relative address from the data directory array in the optional header .
Then use the virtual address to determine which section the directory is in .
Once you determine which section contains the directory , the section header for that section is then used to find the exact file offset location of the data directory .
So to get a data directory , you first need to know about sections , which are described next .
An example of how to locate data directories immediately follows this discussion .
PE File Sections
The PE file specification consists of the headers defined so far and a generic object called a section .
Sections contain the content of the file , including code , data , resources , and other executable information .
Each section has a header and a body ( the raw data ) .
Section headers are described below , but section bodies lack a rigid file structure .
They can be organized in almost any way a linker wishes to organize them , as long as the header is filled with enough information to be able to decipher the data .
Section Headers
Section headers are located sequentially right after the optional header in the PE file format .
Each section header is 40 bytes with no padding between them .
Section headers are defined as in the following structure :
WINNT .H
#define IMAGE_SIZEOF_SHORT_NAME
8 typedef struct _IMAGE_SECTION_HEADER
{ UCHAR Name [ IMAGE_SIZEOF_SHORT_NAME ] ; union { ULONG PhysicalAddress ; ULONG VirtualSize ; } Misc ; ULONG VirtualAddress ; ULONG SizeOfRawData ; ULONG PointerToRawData ; ULONG PointerToRelocations ; ULONG PointerToLinenumbers ; USHORT NumberOfRelocations ; USHORT NumberOfLinenumbers ; ULONG Characteristics ; } IMAGE_SECTION_HEADER , *PIMAGE_SECTION_HEADER ;
How do you go about getting section header information for a particular section ?
Since section headers are organized sequentially in no specific order , section headers must be located by name .
The following function shows how to retrieve a section header from a PE image file given the name of the section :
BOOL WINAPI GetSectionHdrByName ( LPVOID lpFile , IMAGE_SECTION_HEADER
*sh , char * szSection ) { PIMAGE_SECTION_HEADER
psh ; int nSections = NumOfSections ( lp File ) ; int i ; if ( ( psh = ( PIMAGE_SECTION_HEADER ) SECHDROFFSET ( lpFile ) ) != NULL ) { /* find the section by name */ for ( i=0 ; i<nSections ; i++) { if (! strcmp ( psh - > Name , szSection ) ) { /* copy data to header */ CopyMemory ( ( LPVOID ) sh , ( LPVOID ) psh , sizeof ( IMAGE_SECTION_HEADER ) ) ; return TRUE ; } else psh ++ ; } } return FALSE ; }
The function simply locates the first section header via the SECHDROFFSET macro .
Then the function loops through each section , comparing each section 's name with the name of the section it 's looking for , until it finds the right one .
When the section is found , the function copies the data from the memory - mapped file to the structure passed in to the function .
The fields of the IMAGE_SECTION_HEADER structure can then be accessed directly from the structure .
Section Header Fields
Name .
Each section header has a name field up to eight characters long , for which the first character must be a period .
PhysicalAddress or VirtualSize .
The second field is a union field that is not currently used .
VirtualAddress .
This field identifies the virtual address in the process 's address space to which to load the section .
The actual address is created by taking the value of this field and adding it to the ImageBase virtual address in the optional header structure .
Keep in mind , though , that if this image file represents a DLL , there is no guarantee that the DLL will be loaded to the ImageBase location requested .
So once the file is loaded into a process , the actual ImageBase value should be verified programmatically using GetModuleHandle .
SizeOfRawData .
This field indicates the FileAlignment - relative size of the section body .
The actual size of the section body will be less than or equal to a multiple of FileAlignment in the file .
Once the image is loaded into a process 's address space , the size of the section body becomes less than or equal to a multiple of SectionAlignment .
PointerToRawData .
This is an offset to the location of the section body in the file .
PointerToRelocations , PointerToLinenumbers , NumberOfRelocations , NumberOfLinenumbers .
None of these fi elds are used in the PE file format .
Characteristics .
Defines the section characteristics .
These values are found both in WINNT.H and in the Portable Executable Format specification located on this CD .
Value Definition 0x00000020
Code section 0x00000040 Initialized data section 0x00000080 Uninitialized data section 0x04000000 Section cannot be cached 0x08000000 Section is not pageable 0x10000000 Section is shared 0x20000000 Executable section 0x40000000 Readable section 0x80000000 Writable section
Locating Data Directories
Data directories exist within the body of their corresponding data section .
Typically , data directories are the first structure within the section body , but not out of necessity .
For that reason , you need to retrieve information from both the section header and optional header to locate a specific data directory .
To make this process easier , the following function was written to locate the data directory for any of the directories defined in WINNT.H :
LPVOID WINAPI ImageDirectoryOffset ( LPVOID lpFile , DWORD dwIMAGE_DIRECTORY ) { PIMAGE_OPTIONAL_HEADER
poh ; PIMAGE_SECTION_HEADER
psh ; int nSections = NumOfSections ( lpFile ) ; int i = 0 ; LPVOID VAImageDir ; /* Must be 0 thru ( NumberOfRvaAndSizes - 1 ) . */ if ( dwIMAGE_DIRECTORY >= poh->NumberOfRvaAndSizes ) return NULL ; /* Retrieve offsets to optional and section headers .
*/ poh = ( PIMAGE_OPTIONAL_HEADER ) OPTHDROFFSET
( lp File ) ; psh = ( PIMAGE_SECTION_HEADER ) SECHDROFFSET
( lp File ) ; /* Locate image directory 's relative virtual address .
*/ VAImageDir = ( LPVOID ) poh->DataDirectory [ dwIMAGE_DIRECTORY ] .VirtualAddress ; /* Locate section containing image directory .
*/ while ( i++< nSections ) { if ( psh->VirtualAddress <= ( DWORD ) VAImageDir && psh->VirtualAddress + psh->SizeOfRawData > ( DWORD ) VAImageDir ) break ; psh ++ ; } if ( i > nSections ) return NULL ; /* Return image import directory offset .
*/ return ( LPVOID ) ((( int ) lpFile + ( int ) VAImageDir. psh->VirtualAddress ) + ( int ) psh->PointerToRawData ) ; }
The function begins by validating the requested data directory entry number .
Then it retrieves pointers to the optional header and first section header .
From the optional header , the function determines the data directory 's virtual address , and it uses this value to determine within which section body the data directory is located .
Once the appropriate section body has been identified , the specific location of the data directory is found by translating the relative virtual address of the data directory to a specific address into the file .
Predefined Sections
An application for Windows NT typically has the nine predefined sections named . text , .bss , .rdata , .data , .rsrc , .edata , .idata , .pdata , and .debug .
Some applications do not need all of these sections , while others may define still more sections to suit their specific needs .
This behavior is similar to code and data segments in MS - DOS and Windows version 3.1 .
In fact , the way an application defines a unique section is by using the standard compiler directives for naming code and data segments or by using the name segment compiler option - NT - - exactly the same way in which applications defined unique code and data segments in Windows version 3.1 .
The following is a discussion of some of the more interesting sections common to typical Windows NT PE files .
Executable code section , . text
One difference between Windows version 3.1 and Windows NT is that the default behavior combines all code segments ( as they are referred to in Windows version 3.1 ) into a single section called " .text " in Windows NT .
Since Windows NT uses a page - based virtual memory management system , there is no advantage to separating code into distinct code segments .
Consequently , having one large code section is easier to manage for both the operating system and the application developer .
The .text section also contains the entry point mentioned earlier .
The IAT also lives in the . text section immediately before the module entry point .
( The IAT 's presence in the .text section makes sense because the table is really a series of jump instructions , for which the specific location to jump to is the fixed - up address . )
When Windows NT executable images are loaded into a process 's address space , the IAT is fixed up with the location of each imported function 's physical address .
In order to find the IAT in the . text section , the loader simply locates the module entry point and relies on the fact that the IAT occurs immediately before the entry point .
And since each entry is the same size , it is easy to walk backward in the table to find its beginning .
Data sections , .bss , .rdata , .data
The .bss section represents uninitialized data for the application , including all variables declared as static within a function or source module .
The .rdata section represents read - only data , such as literal strings , constants , and debug directory information .
All other variables ( except automatic variables , which appear on the stack ) are stored in the .data section .
Basically , these are application or module global variables .
Resources section , .rsrc
The .rsrc section contains resource information for a module .
It begins with a resource directory structure like most other sections , but this section 's data is further structured into a resource tree .
The IMAGE_RESOURCE_DIRECTORY , shown below , forms the root and nodes of the tree .
WINNT .H
typedef struct _IMAGE_RESOURCE_DIRECTORY
{ ULONG Characteristics ; ULONG TimeDateStamp ; USHORT MajorVersion ; USHORT MinorVersion ; USHORT NumberOfNamedEntries ; USHORT NumberOfIdEntries ; } IMAGE_RESOURCE_DIRECTORY , *PIMAGE_RESOURCE_DIRECTORY ;
Looking at the directory structure , you wo n't find any pointer to the next nodes .
Instead , there are two fields , NumberOfNamedEntries and NumberOfIdEntries , used to indicate how many entries are attached to the directory .
By attached , I mean the directory entries follow immediately after the directory in the section data .
The named entries appear first in ascending alphabetical order , followed by the ID entries in ascending numerical order .
A directory entry consists of two fields , as described in the following IMAGE_RESOURCE_DIRECTORY_ENTRY structure :
WINNT .H
typedef struct _IMAGE_RESOURCE_DIRECTORY_ENTRY
{ ULONG Name ; ULONG OffsetToData ; } IMAGE_RESOURCE_DIRECTORY_ENTRY , *PIMAGE_RESOURCE_DIRECTORY_ENTRY ;
The two fields are used for different things depending on the level of the tree .
The Name field is used to identify either a type of resource , a resource name , or a resource 's language ID .
The OffsetToData field is always used to point to a sibling in the tree , either a directory node or a leaf node .
Leaf nodes are the lowest node in the resource tree .
They define the size and location of the actual resource data .
Each leaf node is represented using the following IMAGE_RESOURCE_DATA_ENTRY structure :
WINNT .H
typedef struct _IMAGE_RESOURCE_DATA_ENTRY
{ ULONG OffsetToData ; ULONG Size ; ULONG CodePage ; ULONG Reserved ; } IMAGE_RESOURCE_DATA_ENTRY , *PIMAGE_RESOURCE_DATA_ENTRY ;
The two fields OffsetToData and Size indicate the location and size of the actual resource data .
Since this information is used primarily by functions once the application has been loaded , it makes more sense to make the OffsetToData field a relative virtual address .
This is precisely the case .
Interestingly enough , all other offsets , such as pointers from directory entries to other directories , are offsets relative to the location of the root node .
To make all of this a little clearer , consider Figure 2 .
Figure 2 . A simple resource tree structure
Figure 2 depicts a very simple resource tree containing only two resource objects , a menu , and a string table .
Further , the menu and string table have only one item each .
Yet , you can see how complicated the resource tree becomes -- even with as few resources as this .
At the root of the tree , the first directory has one entry for each type of resource the file contains , no matter how many of each type there are .
In Figure 2 , there are two entries identified by the root , one for the menu and one for the string table .
If there had been one or more dialog resources included in the file , the root node would have had one more entry and , consequently , another branch for the dialog resources .
The basic resource types are identified in the file WINUSER .H and are listed below :
WINUSER .H
/* * Predefined Resource Types */ #define RT_CURSOR MAKEINTRESOURCE(1 ) # define RT_BITMAP MAKEINTRESOURCE( 2 ) #define RT_ICON MAKEINTRESOURCE(3 ) # define RT_MENU MAKEINTRESOURCE(4 ) #define RT_DIALOG MAKEINTRESOURCE(5 ) #define RT_STRING MAKEINTRESOURCE(6 ) # define RT_FONTDIR MAKEINTRESOURCE( 7 ) #define RT_FONT MAKEINTRESOURCE(8 ) #define RT_ACCELERATOR
MAKEINTRESOURCE(9 ) #define RT_RCDATA MAKEINTRESOURCE(
10 ) # define RT_MESSAGETABLE
MAKEINTRESOURCE(
11 )
At the top level of the tree , the MAKEINTRESOURCE values listed above are placed in the Name field of each type entry , identifying the different resources by type .
Each of the entries in the root directory points to a sibling node in the second level of the tree .
These nodes are directories , too , each having their own entries .
At this level , the directories are used to identify the name of each resource within a given type .
If you had multiple menus defined in your application , there would be an entry for each one here at the second level of the tree .
As you are probably already aware , resources can be identified by name or by integer .
They are distinguished in this level of the tree via the Name field in the directory structure .
If the most significant bit of the Name field is set , the other 31 bits are used as an offset to an IMAGE_RESOURCE_DIR_STRING_U structure .
WINNT .H
typedef struct _IMAGE_RESOURCE_DIR_STRING_U
{ USHORT Length ; WCHAR NameString [ 1 ] ; } IMAGE_RESOURCE_DIR_STRING_U , *PIMAGE_RESOURCE_DIR_STRING_U ;
This structure is simply a 2 - byte Length field followed by Length UNICODE characters .
On the other hand , if the most significant bit of the Name field is clear , the lower 31 bits are used to represent the integer ID of the resource .
Figure 2 shows the menu resource as a named resource and the string table as an ID resource .
If there were two menu resources , one identified by name and one by resource , they would both have entries immediately after the menu resource directory .
The named resource entry would appear first , followed by the integer - identified resource .
The directory fields NumberOfNamedEntries and NumberOfIdEntries would each contain the value 1 , indicating the presence of one entry .
Below level two , the resource tree does not branch out any further .
Level one branches into directories representing each type of resource , and level two branches into directories representing each resource by identifier .
Level three maps a one - to - one correspondence between the individually identified resources and their respective language IDs .
To indicate the language ID of a resource , the Name field of the directory entry structure is used to indicate both the primary language and sublanguage ID for the resource .
For the value 0x0409 , 0x09 represents the primary language as LANG_ENGLISH , and 0x04 is defined as SUBLANG_ENGLISH_CAN for the sublanguage .
The entire set of language IDs is defined in the file WINNT.H .
Since the language ID node is the last directory node in the tree , the OffsetToData field in the entry structure is an offset to a leaf node -- the IMAGE_RESOURCE_DATA_ENTRY structure mentioned earlier .
Referring back to Figure 2 , you can see one data entry node for each language directory entry .
This node simply indicates the size of the resource data and the relative virtual address where the resource data is located .
One advantage to having so much structure to the resource data section , .rsrc , is that you can glean a great deal of information from the section without accessing the resources themselves .
For example , you can find out how many there are of each type of resource , what resources -- if any -- use a particular language ID , whether a particular resource exists or not , and the size of individual types of resources .
To demonstrate how to make use of this information , the following function shows how to determine the different types of resources a file includes :
int WINAPI GetListOfResourceTypes ( LPVOID lpFile , HANDLE hHeap , char ** pszResTypes ) { PIMAGE_RESOURCE_DIRECTORY
prdRoot ; PIMAGE_RESOURCE_DIRECTORY_ENTRY
prde ; char * pMem ; int nCnt , i ; /*
Get root directory of resource tree .
*/ if (( prdRoot = PIMAGE_RESOURCE_DIRECTORY)ImageDirectoryOffset ( lpFile , IMAGE_DIRECTORY_ENTRY_RESOURCE ) ) == NULL ) return 0 ; /* Allocate enough space from heap to cover all types .
*/ n Cnt = prdRoot->NumberOfIdEntries * ( MAXRESOURCENAME + 1 ) ; *pszResTypes = ( char *) HeapAlloc ( hHeap , HEAP_ZERO_MEMORY , nCnt ) ; if ( ( pMem = * pszResTypes ) == NULL ) return 0 ; /*
Set pointer to first resource type entry .
*/ prde = ( PIMAGE_RESOURCE_DIRECTORY_ENTRY ) (( DWORD ) prdRoot + sizeof ( IMAGE_RESOURCE_DIRECTORY ) ) ; /* Loop through all resource directory entry types .
*/ for ( i=0 ; i< prdRoot->NumberOfIdEntries ; i++) { if ( LoadString ( hDll , prde -> Name , pMem , MAXRESOURCENAME ) ) pMem += strlen ( pMem ) + 1 ; prde ++ ; } return nCnt ; }
This function returns a list of resource type names in the string identified by pszResTypes .
Notice that , at the heart of this function , LoadString is called using the Name field of each resource type directory entry as the string ID .
of resource type strings whose IDs are defined the same as the type specifiers in the directory entries .
It would be rather easy to expand on these functions or write new functions that extracted other information from this section .
Export data section , .edata
The .edata section contains export data for an application or DLL .
When present , this section contains an export directory for getting to the export information .
WINNT .H
typedef struct _IMAGE_EXPORT_DIRECTORY
{ ULONG Characteristics ; ULONG TimeDateStamp ; USHORT MajorVersion ; USHORT MinorVersion ; ULONG Name ; ULONG Base ; ULONG NumberOfFunctions ; ULONG NumberOfNames ; PULONG * AddressOfFunctions ; PULONG * AddressOfNames ; PUSHORT *AddressOfNameOrdinals ; } IMAGE_EXPORT_DIRECTORY , *PIMAGE_EXPORT_DIRECTORY ;
The Name field in the export directory identifies the name of the executable module .
NumberOfFunctions and NumberOfNames fields indicate how many functions and function names are being exported from the module .
The AddressOfFunctions field is an offset to a list of exported function entry points .
The AddressOfNames field is the address of an offset to the beginning of a null - separated list of exported function names .
AddressOfNameOrdinals is an offset to a list of ordinal values ( each 2 bytes long ) for the same exported functions .
The three AddressOf ... fields are relative virtual addresses into the address space of a process once the module has been loaded .
Once the module is loaded , the relative virtual address should be added to the module base address to get the exact location in the address space of the process .
Before the file is loaded , however , the address can be determined by subtracting the section header virtual address ( VirtualAddress ) from the given field address , adding the section body offset ( PointerToRawData ) to the result , and then using this value as an offset into the image file .
The following example illustrates this technique :
int WINAPI GetExportFunctionNames ( LPVOID lpFile , HANDLE hHeap , char ** pszFunctions ) { IMAGE_SECTION_HEADER
sh ; PIMAGE_EXPORT_DIRECTORY
ped ; char * pNames , * pCnt ; int i , nCnt ; /*
Get section header and pointer to data directory for .edata section .
*/ if ( ( ped = ( PIMAGE_EXPORT_DIRECTORY ) ImageDirectoryOffset ( lpFile , IMAGE_DIRECTORY_ENTRY_EXPORT ) ) == NULL ) return 0 ; GetSectionHdrByName ( lp File , &sh , " .edata " ) ; /* Determine the offset of the export function names .
*/ pNames = ( char *)(*( int *)(( int)ped->AddressOfNames - ( int)sh.VirtualAddress + ( int )sh.PointerToRawData + ( int ) lpFile ) - ( int)sh.VirtualAddress + ( int )sh.PointerToRawData + ( int ) lpFile ) ; /* Figure out how much memory to allocate for all strings .
*/ pCnt = pNames ; for ( i=0 ; i<( int ) ped->NumberOfNames ; i++) while ( * pCnt ++ ) ; n Cnt = ( int ) ( pCnt. pNames ) ; /* Allocate memory off heap for function names .
*/ * pszFunctions = HeapAlloc ( hHeap , HEAP_ZERO_MEMORY , nCnt ) ; /*
Copy all strings to buffer .
*/ CopyMemory ( ( LPVOID ) * pszFunctions , ( LPVOID ) pNames , n Cnt ) ; return nCnt ; }
Notice that in this function the variable pNames is assigned by determining first the address of the offset and then the actual offset location .
Both the address of the offset and the offset itself are relative virtual addresses and must be translated before being used , as the function demonstrates .
You could write a similar function to determine the ordinal values or entry points of the functions .
Import data section , .idata
The .idata section is import data , including the import directory and import address name table .
Although an IMAGE_DIRECTORY_ENTRY_IMPORT
directory is defined , no corresponding import directory structure is included in the file WINNT.H. Instead , there are several other structures called IMAGE_IMPORT_BY_NAME , IMAGE_THUNK_DATA , and IMAGE_IMPORT_DESCRIPTOR .
Personally , I could n't make heads or tails of how these structures are supposed to correlate to the .idata section , so I spent several hours deciphering the .idata section body and came up with a much simpler structure .
I named this structure IMAGE_IMPORT_MODULE_DIRECTORY .
typedef struct tagImportDirectory { DWORD dwRVAFunctionNameList ; DWORD dwUseless1 ; DWORD dwUseless2 ; DWORD dwRVAModuleName ; DWORD dwRVAFunctionAddressList ; }IMAGE_IMPORT_MODULE_DIRECTORY , * PIMAGE_IMPORT_MODULE_DIRECTORY ;
Unlike the data directories of other sections , this one repeats one after another for each imported module in the file .
Think of it as an entry in a list of module data directories , rather than a data directory to the entire section of data .
Each entry is a directory to the import information for a specific module .
One of the fields in the IMAGE_IMPORT_MODULE_DIRECTORY structure is dwRVAModuleName , a relative virtual address pointing to the name of the module .
There are also two dwUseless parameters in the structure that serve as padding to keep the structure aligned properly within the section .
The PE file format specification mentions something about import flags , a time / date stamp , and major / minor versions , but these two fields remained empty throughout my experimentation , so I still consider them useless .
Based on the definition of this structure , you can retrieve the names of modules and all functions in each module that are imported by an executable file .
The following function demonstrates how to retrieve all the module names imported by a particular PE file :
int WINAPI GetImportModuleNames ( LPVOID lpFile , HANDLE hHeap , char ** pszModules ) { PIMAGE_IMPORT_MODULE_DIRECTORY
pid ; IMAGE_SECTION_HEADER
idsh ; BYTE * pData ; int nCnt = 0 , nSize = 0 , i ; char * pModule [ 1024 ] ; char * psz ; pid = ( PIMAGE_IMPORT_MODULE_DIRECTORY)ImageDirectoryOffset ( lpFile , IMAGE_DIRECTORY_ENTRY_IMPORT ) ; pData = ( BYTE *) pid ; /* Locate section header for " .idata " section .
*/ if (! GetSectionHdrByName ( lpFile , &idsh , " .idata " ) ) return 0 ; /* Extract all import modules .
*/ while ( pid->dwRVAModuleName ) { /*
Allocate buffer for absolute string offsets .
*/ pModule[nCnt ] = ( char *)( pData + ( pid->dwRVAModuleName-idsh.VirtualAddress ) ) ; n Size += strlen ( pModule[ nCnt ] ) + 1 ; /* Increment to the next import directory entry .
*/ pid++; n Cnt ++ ; } /*
Copy all strings to one chunk of heap memory .
*/ * pszModules = HeapAlloc ( hHeap , HEAP_ZERO_MEMORY , nSize ) ; psz = * pszModules ; for ( i=0 ; i<nCnt ; i++ ) { strcpy ( psz , pModule [i ] ) ; psz += strlen ( psz ) + 1 ; } return nCnt ; }
The function is pretty straightforward .
However , one thing is worth pointing out -- notice the while loop .
This loop is terminated when pid->dwRVAModuleName is 0 . Implied here is that at the end of the list of IMAGE_IMPORT_MODULE_DIRECTORY structures is a null structure that has a value of 0 for at least the dwRVAModuleName field .
This is the behavior I observed in my experimentation with the file and later confirmed in the PE file format specification .
The first field in the structure , dwRVAFunctionNameList , is a relative virtual address to a list of relative virtual addresses that each point to the function names within the file .
As shown in the following data , the module and function names of all imported modules are listed in the .idata section data :
E6A7 0000 F6A7 0000 08A8 0000 1AA8 0000 ................
28A8 0000 3CA8 0000 4CA8 0000 0000 0000 (...<... L....... 0000 4765 744 F 7065 6E46 696C 654E 616D .. GetOpenFileNam 6541 0000 636 F 6D64 6C67 3332 2E64 6C6C eA..comdlg32.dll 0000 2500 4372 6561 7465 466 F 6E74 496E ..%. CreateFontIn 6469 7265 6374 4100 4744 4933 322E 646C directA.GDI32.dl 6C00 A000 4765 7444 6576 6963 6543 6170 l...GetDeviceCap 7300 C600 4765 7453 746 F 636B 4F62 6A65 s... GetStockObje 6374 0000 D500 4765 7454 6578 744D 6574 ct....GetTextMet 7269 6373 4100 1001 5365 6C65 6374 4F62 ricsA... SelectOb
6A65 6374 0000 1601 5365 7442 6B43 6F6C ject .... SetBkCol 6F72 0000 3501 5365 7454 6578 7443 6F6C or..5.SetTextCol
6F72 0000 4501 5465 7874 4F75 7441 0000 or.. E.TextOutA..
This particular section represents the beginning of the list of import module and function names .
If you begin examining the right section part of the data , you should recognize the names of familiar Win32 API functions and the module names they are found in .
Reading from the top down , you get GetOpenFileNameA , followed by the module name COMDLG32.DLL .
Shortly after that , you get CreateFontIndirectA , followed by the module GDI32.DLL and then the functions GetDeviceCaps , GetStockObject , GetTextMetrics , and so forth .
This pattern repeats throughout the .idata section .
The first module name is COMDLG32.DLL and the second is GDI32.DLL .
Notice that only one function is imported from the first module , while many functions are imported from the second module .
In both cases , the function names and the module name to which they belong are ordered such that a function name appears first , followed by the module name and then by the rest of the function names , if any .
The following function demonstrates how to retrieve the function names for a specific module :
int WINAPI GetImportFunctionNamesByModule ( LPVOID lpFile , HANDLE hHeap , char * pszModule , char ** pszFunctions ) { PIMAGE_IMPORT_MODULE_DIRECTORY
pid ; IMAGE_SECTION_HEADER
idsh ; DWORD dwBase ; int nCnt = 0 , nSize = 0 ; DWORD dwFunction ; char * psz ; /* Locate section header for " .idata " section .
*/ if (! GetSectionHdrByName ( lpFile , &idsh , " .idata " ) ) return 0 ; pid = ( PIMAGE_IMPORT_MODULE_DIRECTORY)ImageDirectoryOffset ( lpFile , IMAGE_DIRECTORY_ENTRY_IMPORT ) ; dwBase = ( ( DWORD ) pid. idsh.VirtualAddress ) ; /*
Find module 's pid . */ while ( pid->dwRVAModuleName && strcmp ( pszModule , ( char *)( pid->dwRVAModuleName+dwBase ) ) ) pid ++ ; /*
Exit if the module is not found .
*/ if ( !pid->dwRVAModuleName ) return 0 ; /* Count number of function names and length of strings .
*/ dwFunction = pid->dwRVAFunctionNameList ; while ( dwFunction && *( DWORD *)( dwFunction + dwBase ) && *( char *)((*( DWORD *)( dwFunction + dwBase ) ) + dwBase +2 ) ) { n Size += strlen ( ( char *)((*( DWORD *)( dwFunction + dwBase ) ) + dwBase +2 ) ) + 1 ; dwFunction += 4 ; nCnt ++ ; } /* Allocate memory off heap for function names .
*/ * pszFunctions = HeapAlloc ( hHeap , HEAP_ZERO_MEMORY , nSize ) ; psz = * pszFunctions ; /* Copy function names to memory pointer .
*/ dwFunction = pid->dwRVAFunctionNameList ; while ( dwFunction && *( DWORD *)( dwFunction + dwBase ) && *(( char *)((*( DWORD *)( dwFunction + dwBase ) ) + dwBase +2 ) ) ) { strcpy ( psz , ( char *) (( *( DWORD *)( dwFunction + dwBase ) ) + dwBase +2 ) ) ; psz += strlen ( ( char *)((*( DWORD *)( dwFunction + dwBase ) ) + dwBase +2 ) ) + 1 ; dwFunction += 4 ; } return nCnt ; }
Like the GetImportModuleNames function , this function relies on the end of each list of information to have a zeroed entry .
In this case , the list of function names ends with one that is zero .
The final field , dwRVAFunctionAddressList , is a relative virtual address to a list of virtual addresses that will be placed in the section data by the loader when the file is loaded .
Before the file is loaded , however , these virtual addresses are replaced by relative virtual addresses that correspond exactly to the list of function names .
So before the file is loaded , there are two identical lists of relative virtual addresses pointing to imported function names .
Debug information section , .debug
Debug information is initially placed in the .debug section .
The PE file format also supports separate debug files ( normally identified with a . DBG extension ) as a means of collecting debug information in a central location .
The debug section contains the debug information , but the debug directories live in the .rdata section mentioned earlier .
Each of those directories references debug information in the .debug section .
The debug directory structure is defined as an IMAGE_DEBUG_DIRECTORY , as follows :
WINNT .H
typedef struct _IMAGE_DEBUG_DIRECTORY
{ ULONG Characteristics ; ULONG TimeDateStamp ; USHORT MajorVersion ; USHORT MinorVersion ; ULONG Type ; ULONG SizeOfData ; ULONG AddressOfRawData ; ULONG PointerToRawData ; } IMAGE_DEBUG_DIRECTORY , *PIMAGE_DEBUG_DIRECTORY ;
The section is divided into separate portions of data representing different types of debug information .
For each one there is a debug directory described above .
The different types of debug information are listed below :
WINNT .H
#define IMAGE_DEBUG_TYPE_UNKNOWN 0 #define IMAGE_DEBUG_TYPE_COFF
1 #define IMAGE_DEBUG_TYPE_CODEVIEW
2 #define IMAGE_DEBUG_TYPE_FPO 3 #define IMAGE_DEBUG_TYPE_MISC
4
The Type field in each directory indicates which type of debug information the directory represents .
As you can see in the list above , the PE file format supports many different types of debug information , as well as some other informational fields .
Of those , the IMAGE_DEBUG_TYPE_MISC information is unique .
This information was added to represent miscellaneous information about the executable image that could not be added to any of the more structured data sections in the PE file format .
This is the only location in the image file where the image name is sure to appear .
If an image exports information , the export data section will also include the image name .
Each type of debug information has its own header structure that defines its data .
Each of these is listed in the file WINNT.H .
One nice thing about the IMAGE_DEBUG_DIRECTORY structure is that it includes two fields that identify the debug information .
The first of these , AddressOfRawData , is the relative virtual address of the data once the file is loaded .
The other , PointerToRawData , is an actual offset within the PE file , where the data is located .
This makes it easy to locate specific debug information .
As a last example , consider the following function , which extracts the image name from the IMAGE_DEBUG_MISC structure :
int WINAPI RetrieveModuleName ( LPVOID lpFile , HANDLE hHeap , char ** pszModule ) { PIMAGE_DEBUG_DIRECTORY
pdd ; PIMAGE_DEBUG_MISC
pdm = NULL ; int nCnt ; if ( !( pdd = ( PIMAGE_DEBUG_DIRECTORY ) ImageDirectoryOffset ( lpFile , IMAGE_DIRECTORY_ENTRY_DEBUG ) ) ) return 0 ; while ( pdd->SizeOfData ) { if ( pdd-> Type == IMAGE_DEBUG_TYPE_MISC ) { pdm = ( PIMAGE_DEBUG_MISC ) ( ( DWORD ) pdd->PointerToRawData + ( DWORD ) lpFile ) ; nCnt = lstrlen ( pdm -> Data ) *( pdm - > Unicode ?
2:1 ) ; * pszModule = ( char *) HeapAlloc ( hHeap , HEAP_ZERO_MEMORY , nCnt+1 ; CopyMemory ( * pszModule , pdm -> Data , n Cnt ) ; break ; } pdd ++ ; } if ( pdm != NULL ) return nCnt ; else return 0 ; }
As you can see , the structure of the debug directory makes it relatively easy to locate a specific type of debug information .
Once the IMAGE_DEBUG_MISC structure is located , extracting the image name is as simple as invoking the CopyMemory function .
As mentioned above , debug information can be stripped into separate .DBG files .
The Windows NT SDK includes a utility called REBASE.EXE that serves this purpose .
For example , in the following statement an executable image named TEST .EXE is being stripped of debug information :
rebase - b 40000 -x c:\samples \testdir test.exe
The debug information is placed in a new file called TEST .
DBG and located in the path specified , in this case c:\samples \testdir .
The file begins with a single IMAGE_SEPARATE_DEBUG_HEADER structure , followed by a copy of the section headers that exist in the stripped executable image .
Then the .debug section data follows the section headers .
So , right after the section headers are the series of IMAGE_DEBUG_DIRECTORY structures and their associated data .
The debug information itself retains the same structure as described above for normal image file debug information .
Copyright © 1996,1997 Johannes Plachy
Welcome to Ask the atheists
This site is a resource for people curious about atheism .
It was created to help correct some misunderstandings about this way of looking at the world .
-- The Chicago Blackhawks had until the end of the week to match a San Jose offer sheet for restricted free agent defenseman Niklas Hjalmarsson
They did n't need nearly that long .
"
We 're going to match the offer and we 're going to get the paperwork done today , " Hawks GM Stan Bowman said following the conclusion of the team 's prospect camp on Monday .
" We just wanted to get through the camp .
It 's been a busy few days .
We 've been meeting over the last couple days .
Niklas was a big part of our success last year and he's a big part of our core that 's going to be together for a long time .
" Matching the offer means the Hawks will keep Hjalmarsson , 23 , for four years at $ 3.5 million a season -- a big pay increase from the $ 666,000 that he made this past season .
Bowman did n't blink at doling out the money in spite of its potential impact on the effort to keep the Stanley Cup Champions under the salary cap .
" I'm happy for him , " Bowman said .
" He 's a quiet leader amongst our defensive group .
I think he gets overshadowed , maybe because we have some other superstars there , but he was really effective for us all year long .
He 's only going to get better .
We 've got a lot of guys that we 're building this team around .
I 'm happy for Niklas and I 'm excited that he 's going to be with us for awhile .
" So is Hawks coach Joel Quenneville " He does everything you look for in a defenseman , " Quenneville said .
" You can never have enough defensemen around , and having a predictable defenseman in this day and age is hard to find .
It fills that need and void that possibly could have been there .
" The signing now shifts the Hawks ' salary decisions to another restricted free agent -- goalie Antti Niemi , who has an arbitration hearing slated for July 29 .
Bowman said he would also like to re-sign Niemi , but negotiations are still ongoing and space under the League 's salary cap will be tight again after the Hjalmarsson deal .
According to Capgeek.com , the Hawks were $ 3.6 million under the cap before matching the Hjalmarsson offer .
They are also expected to send goalie Cristobal Huet to Rockford of the AHL , which would negate his $ 5.6 million salary from the cap calculations .
Complicating the issue even more is roughly $ 4 million in performance bonuses earned by Patrick Kane and Jonathan Toews , which count against the cap .
"
We 're going to have to work things out , " Bowman said .
" Like we 've been saying for a long time , there is a salary cap and we 're aware of that , but that 's OK .
We 've been saying all along our goal is to keep our core together .
We 've been trying to hit that point , and Niklas has been part of that core .
" Bowman was also asked whether Niemi might ultimately be traded rather than signed -- joining six other Hawks who were dealt since they won the team 's first Cup in 49 years .
" That 's a possibility for anybody , " Bowman said .
" He 's no different than other guys ... ( but ) we 're working on getting him signed .
"
In the mean time , they 're pleased to welcome Hjalmarsson back .
Bowman said the offer sheet did catch him a little off - guard , but he did n't need too much hand - wringing to make the decision .
" I think you win with defense , " he said .
" I think the success of our team is that we 've got some very skilled forwards , but they also get the puck a lot because they do n't have to chase it down .
We 've got guys who can get them the puck .
We want to keep that part of our game intact . "
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption
The incident was captured on the shop 's CCTV system - video courtesy Broward Sheriff 's Office
A 20 - year - old Christian mobile phone shop manager in Florida stopped a would - be armed robber by preaching to him about Jesus .
Nayara Goncalves spent nearly five minutes persuading the man that he was doing the wrong thing .
The man eventually apologised , explained his gun was a replica and left the shop in Broward County .
" She was able to remain calm and keep him calm , " a sheriff 's office spokeswoman said .
During the incident on 23 July , Ms Goncalves told the would - be robber : " I 'm just going to talk with you about Jesus . "
The man said he was a Christian and was " embarrassed " to be doing what he was doing but that he needed $ 300 ( £ 190 ) to avoid being evicted .
The shop manager told him : " I do n't know what you 're going through , but all of us are going through a hard time right now . "
When she explained that she would have to make up any shortfall , he decided to leave .
' Inspired by God '
Ms Goncalves told the BBC she had been inspired by God and that she hoped the man would turn to the church .
" He did n't look that bad .
He did n't look like a criminal .
It made me a bit more confident about what I wanted to tell him .
" It touched me .
I could never be able to think I could to talk or preach to someone with a gun .
" I just felt like hugging him and saying please do n't do this . "
Veda Coleman - Wright , of Broward County sheriff 's office , said she had never seen anything like it in her 14 years on the job .
The man is being sought for attempted armed robbery , she added .
Four years ago , when the giant oil company BP donated $ 1 million to the Aquarium of the Pacific in Long Beach , the contribution seemed like a good deal for both an oil company trying to burnish its environmental credentials and a venue trying to draw more visitors .
Then , last month , a BP oil rig exploded in the Gulf of Mexico , causing one of the largest oil spills in U.S. history .
With the BP Sea Otter Habitat set to open this week , a potential feel - good moment has turned into a public relations landmine .
The aquarium is planning a press preview Thursday , but BP officials might not attend .
“ They said they did not want to hurt the reputation of the institution , ” said Jerry Schubel , the aquarium ’s president .
“ They even asked , ‘ Would you prefer that we not be there ? ’
I said , ‘ No .
Without your support we could not have done this . ’
I hope they continue to support us . ”
Since the spill , aquarium officials have discussed how best to handle BP ’s sponsorship of the new venue , Schubel said , although he added that there had been no debate about removing BP ’s name .
“ That never occurred to me .
We ’re comfortable about the course we have taken , ” he said .
In the wake of the spill , the aquarium will host a forum this fall on ocean oil drilling , he said .
“ The challenge is , ‘ What can we learn from this going forward ? ’ ”
Nonprofit institutions often face difficult decisions when big corporate givers hit highly publicized rough spots .
One of the largest examples in recent years involved Enron , which was a major giver to cultural and educational charities .
The University of Missouri kept its Kenneth Lay Chair in Economics , despite faculty objections that the Enron chief executive ’s $ 1.1 - million contribution in 1999 had been tainted by the scandal that engulfed the Houston energy company two years later .
The university came to a different conclusion in 2004 about its newly opened Paige Sports Arena , which was named in honor of Elizabeth Paige Laurie by her parents , who made a fortune from Wal - Mart and contributed $ 25 million .
The venue became the Mizzou Arena after ABC ’s “ 20/20 " revealed that young Paige had paid a fellow student to do her course work at USC .
How institutions handle such questions depends largely on whether the donor ’s scandalous acts are directly at odds with the recipient ’s mission , said Paul Dunn , an expert on corporate ethics at Brock University in St. Catharines , Ontario , and author of a 2008 study , “ Strategic Responses by a Nonprofit When a Donor Becomes Tainted . ”
At an art museum , “ you may have a donor who says , ‘ I ’m very concerned about the environment , therefore I would n’t give to your museum because BP has polluted the gulf , ’ ” Dunn said .
But he doubts that such complaints could gain traction .
“ I fail to see a connection between oil [ pollution ] and paintings —- other than that paintings have oil in them . ”
But the Aquarium of the Pacific , where BP ’s initials are modestly inscribed next to a map of the sea otter ’s range , could face some heat .
“ People can see a direct link there .
Aquatic animals are being harmed by the disaster , ” Dunn said .
“ Any organization that has BP ’s name on it throughout the world should be saying , ‘ We have a potential issue here , ’ ” he said .
There are many such organizations .
BP ’s corporate largess is evident at cultural institutions worldwide .
In the Los Angeles area , besides the aquarium , BP has donated $ 25 million each to the Los Angeles County Museum of Art and public television station KCET since 2004 .
Executives at LACMA and KCET said last week that they have not heard of any negative comments about BP ’s sponsorship — either before the gulf disaster , or since .
But the oil spill clearly has bruised BP ’s corporate image , with Congress , environmental groups and President Obama slamming the oil company ’s handling of the crisis .
Terry O’Day , executive director of Environment Now , a Santa Monica advocacy group , said the Aquarium of the Pacific may yet have to make a tough call .
“ Generally I tend to say , ‘ Take the funds and do your good work . ’ ” But the gulf spill “ does recast things in a different light .
This has to be an example that ’s on the moral line for them .
They ’ll have to wrestle with that . ”
Like O’Day , Joel Reynolds , director of the Natural Resources Defense Council ’s programs in Southern California , would n’t say whether BP ’s name should remain on the exhibit .
But “ the reality is that anything associated with the name BP is going to be tarnished as a result of this catastrophe . ”
BP ’s environmental record in Southern California was blemished before these gifts .
After a 1990 tanker spill off Huntington Beach , it paid $ 21.9 million in cleanup and settlement costs .
In 2002 , it paid the state $ 45.8 million to settle a suit over pollution from leaking gasoline storage tanks .
Later , leakage of smog - forming chemicals at its refinery in Carson resulted in $ 81 million in fines and other payments .
BP ’s Houston - based charitable foundation averaged worldwide donations of nearly $ 48 million annually from 2006 through 2008 , according to its most recent federal filings .
BP is one of the corporate sponsors of the Audubon Aquarium of the Americas in New Orleans .
Toby Odone , a spokesman in London , said Friday that the gulf oil spill will “ have no impact whatsoever ” on how much the BP Foundation gives , or which recipients it chooses .
Melody Kanschat , LACMA ’s president , said there ’s no need for museum leaders to strategize over how to address possible complaints .
“ We would tackle any issue as it came up , ” Kanschat said .
At KCET , BP was the leading funder of “ A Place of Our Own ” and “ Los Ninos en Su Casa , ” award - winning educational programs aimed at caregivers of young children .
As if the station would consider taking BP ’s name from its studio if the worst fears in the gulf came to pass , Executive Vice President Mary Mazur declined to answer .
“ You ’re asking me to look into a crystal ball and speculate , which is something I ’m not able to do , ” she said .
At the aquarium , officials are getting ready to welcome the public to the newly expanded sea otter exhibit , with its new corporate name .
Schubel , the aquarium ’s president , said despite the oil spill , the aquarium is still open for future partnership with BP .
He is aware this might upset some environmentalists .
“ I worry about these issues all the time , ” he said .
“ But I worry more about how the aquarium can do the right thing , which is to help the public understand . ”
mike.boehm@latimes.com
louis.sahagun@latimes.com
Warning :
This method may also help you avoid gainful employment .
Here ’s more work .
You Might Also Like :
AT&T and Apple 's marriage made in hell
AT&T 's website is no longer taking pre-orders for the iPhone 4 .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- AT&T's epic iPhone 4 pre-order snafu on Tuesday was the latest in a long line of headaches the carrier has caused Apple .
But even with concerns that AT&T accidentally revealed some subscribers ' account information to other customers during Tuesday 's fiasco , it 's unlikely that Apple will suffer much fallout from its latest carrier crisis .
Apple 's ( AAPL , Fortune 500 ) public comments about AT&T ( T , Fortune 500 ) have largely been positive , often focusing on the substantial monetary investment that AT&T has put into improving its network .
But behind the scenes , experts believe Apple is irate .
Email
Print
An employee at an AT&T store in New York took down a customer 's iPhone 4 pre-order by hand on Tuesday .
" It 's a hard position for Steve Jobs to be in because AT&T and Apple remain partners , so he can't be too outspoken in the press , " said Carolina Milanesi , research director at Gartner .
" But AT&T has limited the iPhone experience . "
Many mobile analysts believe that a Verizon iPhone is coming soon , perhaps as early as this fall .
Meanwhile , Steve Jobs & Co. , who have built their company 's reputation on devices with an unparalelled user experience , have to continue their fractured relationship with AT&T -- which has made iPhone customers ' experience less than stellar .
" The frustration that consumers and our clients have towards AT&T is incredible , and this is just another thing to add to the list , " Milanesi said .
" Apple must be getting to the point where it is thinking , ' Enough is enough . ' "
A troubled history
Apple 's chic new smart phone clearly has iPhone fans abuzz .
Apple said it sold 600,000 iPhones on Tuesday , vastly outpacing its sales of earlier models .
The deluge was 10 times as many orders as AT&T fielded this time last year for the iPhone 3GS , and the company shut down sales Wednesday because it 's already run out of inventory .
Pre-orders , which had initially been scheduled for June 24 delivery , are now only guaranteed to arrive by July 14 .
Though all of that should be good news for Apple , it was far from sunshine and roses on Tuesday .
AT&T could n't handle the stampede of pre-orders , and online and over - the - phone ordering returned frustrating error messages and busy signals .
Many early - bird customers who showed up at retail stores had their information taken down on paper , which AT&T entered into the system manually after the systems were back online .
To make matters worse , several customers complained that when they logged onto their AT&T accounts to check their eligibility for an iPhone upgrade , they found that they were logged into another user 's account instead .
A number of customers said they were able to view other subscribers ' personal information on Tuesday .
AT&T is steadfastly refusing to comment on those allegations .
And while Apple apologized Wednesday for the pre-order problems , no one at AT&T has uttered the words " we 're sorry . "
CNN iReporter Liz Brainard , 29 , of Cleveland described a typical " frustrating " pre-order experience on Tuesday .
" I tried to order over the phone and waited on hold for five minutes to be told I had to do it online or in a store , " she said .
" I tried online for two hours and kept getting error messages .
I finally went to the store , waited an hour , and the sales clerk filled out my order by hand because their computers were down . "
Brainard noted that the AT&T sales clerk called her to confirm that he had entered in her information later in the day .
She received no apology from the company ; instead , she was e-mailed an automated notification from AT&T that told her to expect her iPhone up to four days late .
This is far from the first negative incident Apple and its customers have endured with the carrier .
The network 's spotty 3G service , particularly in New York and San Francisco , has become the butt of late - night jokes , been mocked in Verizon commercials and even inspired an ill - fated Facebook campaign to bring down the network , called " Operation Chokehold . "
The top reason consumers who are in the market for an iPhone decide to pass is AT&T's 3G network problems , according to a CFI Group study .
And last week , a hacker group called Goatse Security exploited a vulnerability on AT&T 's website to harvest 114,000 e-mail addresses that Apple 's iPad 3G buyers provided to activate their devices .
Bad for AT&T -- but not Apple
Customers ' ire towards AT&T has been palpable .
Twitter exploded with angry messages directed toward the wireless carrier , and Facebook comments on CNNMoney.
com 's story about the iPhone 4 pre-order fiasco were equally scathing about AT&T .
When Apple finally puts its phone on another carrier in the United States , experts say AT&T will be in for a shock :
As many as 40 % of AT&T's iPhone customers will leave for Verizon once the network gets the iPhone , analyst Drake Johnstone of Davenport & Co. forecasts .
Many pundits think that 's why AT&T allowed users to upgrade early to the new iPhone .
By locking customers into a fresh two - year contract , the company may be softening the blow of frustrated customers churning off its service .
But how much will Apple 's reputation suffer from this latest screw - up ?
" The answer is zero .
Not a drop , " said Tom Dougherty , CEO of strategic branding company Stealing Share .
" Apple is the king of irrational brand exuberance , and it would have to do something really , really horrific to lose that luster with its customers .
It is the most successful brand in the entire world . "
AT&T has been annoying iPhone customers for nearly three years now -- if consumers were going to take their rage out on Apple , it would have already happened by now , Dougherty said .
And Tuesday 's botched event may have even helped Apple 's image in the end .
" This is the best thing that could have happened to Apple , " he said .
" The more scarce something is , the more we want it .
It felt like everyone in the entire world must have been upgrading to the iPhone Tuesday . "
( CNN ) --
The Israeli military said early Thursday it shot and killed a Palestinian trying to infiltrate the Barqan settlement in the northern West Bank .
According to the Israel Defense Forces , its soldiers opened fire after they identified a number of Palestinians infiltrating the settlement .
But a Palestinian official said Israeli troops opened fire on three men who were headed to work in the community .
" A group of Palestinian laborers were on their way to work at the Barqan settlement at 4:30 a.m .
The military shot at the group and killed one , injured another and one fled the scene , " according to Ghassan Douglas , who said the three men were unarmed .
" These are Palestinian laborers that have to resort to the industrial settlement of Barqan in search of an income and this is not the first incident of this kind that the military shoots at Palestinian laborers on their way to work . "
Palestinian authorities consider Barqan an illegal settlement .
Los Angeles , California ( CNN ) --
The sisters of a Los Angeles woman found dead in Cancun , Mexico , in April want the U.S. government to explain why her husband has not been arrested a month after Mexican prosecutors requested his extradition .
" We are tired of waiting , " Jeanne Burgos said Thursday .
" It 's not fair . "
She and her sister Carla Burgos staged a rally outside the federal courthouse in downtown Los Angeles on Thursday afternoon to demand an arrest .
" We are demanding that the United States authorities just do what they have to do , " Burgos said .
" We are not asking for anything beyond what their duties are . "
Reality TV producer Bruce Beresford - Redman is still living free with his children in Los Angeles nearly two months after a Mexican judge ordered his arrest .
Mexican officials said June 23 that they had sent their extradition petition to the U.S. Embassy in Mexico City .
Neither the U.S. State Department nor the Justice Department in Washington would confirm what has happened with the extradition request .
A spokesman for the U.S. attorney in Los Angeles , who would pursue an arrest , said Thursday that nothing has been filed in California .
" They are not telling us anything , " said Allison Triessl , the Burgos family 's lawyer .
" We have repeatedly asked .
We have made phone calls almost daily , and we have received no information at all . "
Beresford - Redman was briefly detained after his wife 's body was found April 8 in a sewer at Cancun 's Moon Palace Resort .
His passport was taken by investigators , and he was told not to leave Mexico until the inquiry was concluded .
Quintana Roo state Attorney General Francisco
Alor said in May that he has a " very concrete " case against the former " Survivor " producer .
Beresford - Redman 's lawyer , Richard Hirsch , has said he would fight extradition .
Beresford - Redman returned home in May , without the knowledge of investigators , to take care of family business and see his two young children , his lawyer said .
His parents have temporary legal custody of the children , ages 3 and 5 , but they are staying with Beresford - Redman .
The initial investigation suggested that Monica Beresford - Redman " died of strangulation , because of the bruising , " Mexican regional police spokesman Adrian Cardena said .
A source close to the wife has said that she cleaned out the family 's bank account and took her two children to Hawaii because she was upset about her husband 's extramarital affair .
The couple later traveled to Cancun in an effort to repair their marriage , the source said .
With a symbolic action on May 4 , members of the Communist Party of Greece ( KKE ) sent a dramatic message to the peoples of Europe .
Early that morning , members of the KKE staged a symbolic occupation of the Acropolis , the world symbol of Athenian civilization that sits atop a massive rock dominating the skyline of modern Athens .
They hung red flags and two enormous banners bearing the slogan “ Peoples of Europe rise up ” written in Greek and in English .
It was an appeal to workers across the continent to stand up against anti-labor measures taken by the governments of Greece and other countries under the pretext of solving the capitalist economic crisis now plaguing Greece and all of Europe .
The KKE said it was a message of “ resistance and counterattack , ” urging workers to develop “ the class struggle ” against big capital .
The action came just after mass May Day demonstrations organized by the Communist - led All Workers ’ Militant Front ( PAME ) in 75 cities throughout Greece , and just before a 24 - hour nationwide strike on May 5 against “ the anti-peoples and anti-workers measures promoted by the social - democrat government of PASOK ( the Greek Socialist Party ) , the European Union and the International Monetary Fund . ”
Also on May 4 , civil servants in Greece went on strike .
Photo : Communist Party of Greece
Israel should ease its Gaza blockade further and allow Palestinians to resume exports from the territory , the European Union 's High Representative for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy Catherine Ashton said on Sunday during a visit to the Hamas - controlled enclave .
Open gallery view EU foreign affairs chief Catherine Ashton visiting a UN - run summer camp in Gaza July 18 , 2010 .
Credit : Reuters
" The position of the EU is very clear :
We want the opportunity for people to be able to move around freely or to see goods not only coming into Gaza but exports coming out of
Gaza , " Catherine Ashton told a news conference .
Israel relaxed its land blockade of the Gaza Strip , where its Islamist Hamas enemy rules , after an international outcry over its deadly raid on a Gaza - bound aid flotilla on May 31 .
But it still bans exports from the territory .
Ashton said she would discuss the issue later in the day with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu .
" At the moment , there is no proposal on the table to open a port , " she said .
" The best option seems to be , and that is the most supported by Palestinians , is to open the land crossings , and that 's what we 're working on . "
In Gaza , Ashton visited UN facilities and was due to meet local businessmen .
She had no plans to see leaders of Hamas , which the EU and the United States regard as a terrorist organization .
" I hope that following the visit of the European foreign minister in Israel , she will understand that there is no humanitarian crisis in Gaza , " said Information Minister Yuli Edelstein .
" We have opened all we can and we have gone a long way toward the civilian population . "
The EU plans to offer 22 million euros in grants to some 900 Gaza businesses to help them start up again .
Ashton visited two of the aid recipients on Sunday , Megapharm and a concrete - mixing factory .
" Megapharm was shut down for 2.5 years because of the blockade .
Since the embargo was eased , production has reached about 50 percent of capacity , but potential for further growth is limited because exports remain banned , " company official Husam Zendah said .
The owner of the concrete mixing factory , Teissir Abu Eida , said his factory is working at 5 percent capacity because the raw materials he needs are on the restricted list .
Abu Eida produces just enough concrete to supply two international aid projects , including the repair of a Gaza hospital .
Open gallery view Palestinian Prime Minister Salam Fayyad greets EU 's High Representative for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy Catherine Ashton in Ramallah July 17 , 2010 .
Credit : Reuters
" Unless the limitations on the entry of raw materials are lifted , the easing of the blockade is meaningless , " he said .
His factory was destroyed during Israel 's military offensive against Gaza 19 months ago , and Ashton inspected the wrecks of cement trucks and other vehicles parked in his compound .
It was Ashton 's second visit to the Gaza Strip in four months .
On Saturday , Ashton met with Palestinian Prime Minister Salam Fayyad in Ramallah .
Ashton is set to meet Netanyahu , Defense Minister Ehud Barak and Foreign Affairs Minister Avigdor Lieberman late Sunday .
Israeli media reported this week that Lieberman would be ready to make a proposal to Ashton in order to hand over security inspections of goods and people entering Gaza by and and sea to the international community .
Ashton will visit again the West Bank city of Ramallah on Monday to meet the Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas .
The EU foreign policy representative is visiting the region as US special envoy George Mitchell is attempting to get the Palestinian and Israeli governments to move from the current indirect peace talks to direct negotiations .
Toronto will see an influx of cougars tomorrow as the Cougar Convention meets for the first time in Toronto at Tattoo Rock Parlour on Queen .
( Think Demi Moore , Madonna , or Courtney Cox in that terrible , terrible sitcom . )
" In the olden days when we would do these cougar parties , we always got too many women , we could n't find any guys who were willing to come and date older women , " Rich Gosse , a self - proclaimed romance expert , told the Toronto Star .
" They were too embarrassed to admit they were dating a woman as old as their mothers .
That all changed .
Now , there 's actually a greater demand among the cubs for the cougars . "
One lucky cougar will be crowned Miss Cougar Canada based on votes by the " cubs , " who are the single , younger men attending the event .
Women must be over 35 and legally single .
The event starts at 7 p.m. tomorrow evening .
Better start listening to Rod Stewart 's " Maggie May " now .
A small impact crater discovered in the Egyptian desert could change estimates for impact hazards to our planet , according to a new study .
One of the best preserved craters yet found on Earth , the Kamil crater was initially discovered in February during a survey of satellite images on Google Earth .
Researchers think the crater formed within the past couple thousand years .
The Italian - Egyptian team that found the crater in pictures recently visited and studied the 147 - foot - wide ( 45 - meter - wide ) , 52 - foot - deep ( 16 - meter - deep ) hole .
The team also collected thousands of pieces of the space rock that littered the surrounding desert .
Based on their calculations , the team thinks that a 4.2 - foot - wide ( 1.3 - meter - wide ) solid iron meteor weighing 11,023 to 22,046 pounds ( 5,000 to 10,000 kilograms ) smashed into the desert — nearly intact — at speeds exceeding 2.1 miles ( 3.5 kilometers ) a second .
There are no hard numbers for how many meteors this size might currently be on a collision course with Earth , but scientists think the potential threats could be in the tens of thousands .
Current impact models state that iron meteors around this size and mass should break into smaller chunks before impact .
( Related : " Comet ' Shower ' Killed Ice Age Mammals ? " )
Instead , the existence of the newfound crater implies that up to 35 percent of these iron giants may actually survive whole — and thus have greater destructive power .
Egypt Crater Still Shows Splatter
Estimating impact hazards to Earth is n't an exact science , since only 176 impact craters have been discovered so far , according to the Earth Impact Database , a resource maintained by the University of New Brunswick in Canada .
Most models are based on the number of impact craters on the moon , which has almost no atmosphere and so does n't experience the same erosion processes as those on Earth .
" Current models predict that around a thousand to ten thousand such craters should have formed [ on Earth ] in one million years , " said study co-author Luigi Folco , a scientist with the University of Siena in Italy .
" The reason why they are rare , however , is that , on Earth , weathering rates are high — small craters are usually easily eroded or buried . "
Folco and colleagues were particularly surprised to find that the newfound , bowl - shaped crater has a prominent splatter pattern of bedrock shot up by the original impact blast .
Known as ejecta rays , these features are more often seen on other planets and moons with thin atmospheres .
The exact age of the Egyptian crater is still uncertain , the team reported this week in the online edition of the journal Science .
Geologic evidence points to a relatively recent event , Folco said — although it 's unlikely that any humans were around to witness the impact .
" During our field work we could see that some of the bedrock material ejected from the crater overlies prehistoric structures in the area , " Folco said .
" We know from literature that the human occupation of this region ended about 5,000 years ago , with the onset of hyperarid conditions .
Therefore we think that the impact occurred afterwards . "
Meteor Threat Greater Than Realized
If future meteors like the Egyptian rock are more likely to remain intact , their energy on impact would be more focused , causing greater damage , said John Spray , a crater expert with the University of New Brunswick who is n't connected to the study .
Still , the probability of such a meteor hitting something critical for society , such as a major city , would be reduced , because the falling rocks would not be as spread out .
" Overall , the threat from impacts is probably greater than people realize , but historically there is very little information on this , and we just have not been collecting data for all that long , " Spray said .
( See " 100 Years After Tunguska , Earth Not Ready for Meteors . " )
A spokesman for the Treasury said : " The UK is forecast to have the highest borrowing in the G7 this year and is borrowing one pound for every four it spends .
The Budget set out a plan to accelerate the reduction of the deficit and restore confidence in the economy , and was welcomed by the OECD . "
For four long years , Reni Sualeha has lived in the shadow of a monster , a menacing chemical flow of fetid gray mud that belches unchecked from the bowels of the earth near her home .
Known as the Lusi mud volcano , its spread is so relentless — burping noxious gas , swallowing communities , killing 14 people and forcing the evacuations of 60,000 — that some say it could star in its own sci - fi thriller .
Those in the United States who are wondering just how long the ruptured oil well in the Gulf of Mexico could possibly keep gushing should listen to Sualeha ’s cautionary tale .
Each day , she watches as a series of fissures , marked by an ominous smoke plume , pump out 100,000 tons of mud .
New chemical fires erupt from smaller , gas - seeping cracks in a vision from hell that has closed roads and demolished buildings , including one just down the road from Sualeha ’s tiny home .
“ It ’s not from this planet , ” she said of the volcano .
The mudflow is slowly gobbling up the countryside .
Now covering 2,000 acres , it ’s 65 feet deep in some places , submerging factories , schools , farms and a dozen villages .
Indonesian officials have insisted that the deadly flow was the result of a natural disaster : an earthquake that struck 175 miles away just before the mud began its onslaught in 2006 .
But evidence from a team of independent U.S. and British geologists suggests that the mud volcano , like the British Petroleum oil disaster , was man-made , the result of a 2006 drilling accident at a nearby gas exploration site .
And these geologists say they have no idea when the mudflow will stop , if ever .
The accident , many here charge , is just the latest example of corruption and incompetence in the impoverished Southeast Asian nation ’s attempt to exploit its energy resources .
PT Lapindo Brantas , a company that owns a controlling stake in the project , is controlled by the family of Aburizal Bakrie , one of Indonesia ’s wealthiest men , who at the time of the rupture was the government ’s minister for people ’s welfare .
The company has denied any connection to the mudflow , but it also has agreed to pay $ 400 million to compensate 10,000 families , as ordered by President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono .
Many of those people say they have received only one - fifth of their settlement .
The government has been shouldering the cost of mitigating the flow , erecting an earthen dike to contain the main mud stream , building huge pumps near the source to divert newly rising sludge away from villages .
Activists estimate that the total cost of cleanup and settlement payments will run into the billions of dollars .
If they can obtain a legal ruling establishing Lapindo Brantas as responsible , they say , the company could be forced to pay more , if not all , of the damages .
BP , the company involved in the Gulf of Mexico oil leak , is learning that such a prospect could be incredibly expensive .
Analysts estimate that the company could pay more than $ 60 billion in legal costs alone .
The current cleanup costs are estimated to be $ 60 million a day .
Indonesia , meanwhile , seems nowhere near exerting such financial pressure on Lapindo Brantas .
Last year , regional authorities halted their investigation of the mudflow , citing a lack of evidence to link Lapindo Brantas to the volcano ’s eruption .
The Indonesian Supreme Court has also upheld a lower court ’s dismissal of a lawsuit by environmentalists blaming the company for the disaster .
Meanwhile , Bakrie , 63 , who many believe has aspirations to become president , has been chosen to lead a new joint secretariat likely to play an important role in determining government policy , including its focus on energy .
But citing the new U.S. and British geologic evidence , activists have called for the inquiry to be reopened .
“ It ’s a national scandal , ” said Bambang Catur Nusantara , a regional director of the Indonesian Forum for the Environment .
“ The company is getting away with murder .
And the government is doing nothing . ”
In a paper published in the journal Marine and Petroleum Geology , U.S. and British researchers said their findings — funded by a grant from the U.S. National Science Foundation — suggest that the disaster was caused when operators pulled the drill while the natural gas well was unstable .
Co-author Michael Manga , a geology professor at UC Berkeley , said the pressure in the 2 - mile - deep well created cracks in the earth that allowed seeping gas to push the mud to the surface .
He said the mudflow ca n’t be capped like the BP oil spill because the mud comes from a series of hard - to - contain fissures that also vent gas .
“ In 30 years , there have been many much larger and closer earthquakes , and none of them caused any mud eruptions , ” he said .
“ This quake was much too small and far away . ”
Company officials dispute that hypothesis .
“ We find that [ the ] claims are merely speculative and not based on any credible data , ” said Nurrochmat Sawolo , senior drilling adviser at Energi Mega Persada .
The firm , owned by the Bakrie group , indirectly controls Lapindo Brantas .
“ Our study is based on the most definitive dataset from the drilling rig , ” he said .
“ This is a source of information that is completely automated , an unbiased set of recorded drilling parameters . ”
Manga stands by his results .
“ My level of confidence is so strong that if I ’m wrong , I should be fired , ” he said .
“ Our science is as good as it can be . ”
Manga does n’t know when the mudflow will stop .
“ It can keep erupting , pretty much forever . ”
Wahyu Mulyanto and her family were driven from their home in 2006 .
“ It was just so surreal to see our house swallowed by mud , ” she said .
“ It ’s hard to describe : Fom a small hole comes this mud that gradually swallows everything in its path : my house , my job , my life . ”
On a towering earthen wall built to contain the flow , a new economy capitalizes on the disaster .
Hawkers peddle explanatory DVDs , sell snacks and offer tours to tourists who arrive by the busload .
“ This thing is world - famous , ” said hawker Muhammad Jafar , who lost his job when his factory was swallowed by the mud .
“ People want to come and see for themselves the power of nature . ”
Since the flow erupted , 170 new gas bubbles have broken through the surface , spewing unsafe levels of methane .
The fissures , where temperatures can reach 140 degrees , have led officials to warn against even lighting matches in the area .
Some survivors have made the best of their plight .
Sualeha showed off a makeshift stove in her yard that captures the oozing gas to heat water .
“ Look , the flame is blue , ” she said , flinching as she lighted the stove .
She pointed to cracks in her home she believes were caused by the underground pressure .
“ Sometimes at night , ” she said , “ when I smell the gas and think of what might happen , I shudder . ”
Sualeha is no longer waiting for the government to save her .
“ I ’m just a poor villager , but I can still read between the lines , ” she said .
“ The government is protecting a company run by one of its own ....
What can you do ? ”
john.glionna@latimes.com
Motivations
In the web2 py world we always think about how to we make things easier for users .
Here we want to show how you can use metaclasses to make your code very readable .
Out goal is to define some new syntax that has immediate meaning in English and can be reused in any web2 py application .
Preamble
Create an empty application ( called for example thing_manager ) and define
# black box
db=DAL ( 'sqlite://storage.sqlite ')
is_a = type ('_ ' , ( ) , {' __getattr__ ' :( lambda s, n : ( lambda * a , **b : db.define_table ( n , *a, ** b ) ) ) } ) ( )
with_a = type ('_ ' , ( ) , {' __getattr__ ' :( lambda s, n : ( lambda * a , **b : Field ( n , * a , ** b ) ) ) } ) ( )
this = type ('_ ' , ( ) , {' __getattr__ ' : ( lambda s, n : db[ n ][request.args ( 0 ) ] ) } ) ( )
please = crud
get_me = lambda a , *b, **c : db(a) .select (*b,** c )
delete = lambda a , *b, **c : db(a ) .delete(*b,** c )
update = lambda a , *b , **c : db(a).update (*b,** c )
to_visitor = lambda * a : dict ( page=DIV ( *[ DIV ( i ) for i in a ] ) )
# end black box
The model
Now in your model you can define tables using the new syntax :
the_thing = is_a.thing (with_a.name( ) , with_a.category ( ) ) my_things = the_thing.id>0
where ‘ thing ’ is the name of the table , ‘ name ’ and ‘ category ’ are fields .
You can specify named field attributes of name and category using normal Field ( … ) attribute syntax such as in
with_a.category( type='string ', default=None,requires=IS_NOT_EMPTY ( ) )
The Controller
Now in the default controller you can use the new syntax to define functions .
Here is one for example :
def index ( ) : if this .
thing : form = please.update ( the_thing , this .
thing ) else : form = please.create ( the_thing ) things = get_me ( my_things ) return to_visitor ( form , things )
This function can be called by
http://127.0.0.1:8000/thing_manager/default/index
( will make a create interface for thing ) or
http://127.0.0.1:8000/thing_manager/default/index/1
( will make an update for for thing with id ==1 )
This action creates a complete thing_management interface .
get_me ( my_things ) returns all current thing records .
please .create and please.update simply map into the corresponding crud functions .
preview
Here is how to looks like :
Other class
Of course there is nothing special about thing .
Let ’s use the same trick for a table “ product ” and different actions :
the_product = is_a.product(with_a.name( ) , with_a.price ( ' double ' ) ) my_products = the_product.price >0.0 # http://...new_product def new_product ( ) : return to_visitor ( please.create( the_product ) ) # http://...update_product/[id] def update_product ( ) : return to_visitor ( please.update( the_product , this.product ) ) # http://.../list_products def list_products ( ) : products = get_me ( my_products ) return to_visitor ( products )
Some explanation
The magic happens in is_a , with_a and this .
There are instances of three different temp classes defined by the type function .
They take attributes of arbitrary names and return lambda function that return the desired function :
is_a.thing (… ) maps into db.define_table ( ‘ thing ’ ,…. )
with_a.name (… ) maps into Field ( ‘ name ’ , …. )
this .
thing ( ) maps into db [ ‘ thing ’][ request.args ( 0 ) ] this standard web2 py syntax for fetching the record with id==request.args ( 0 ) ( the [ id ] in http://…/index/%5Bid%5D ) or None if the record does not exist .
Skateboarding legend Tony Hawk was injured Saturday when he crashed on a routine 540 and landed backward in the transition before slamming into the ramp 's flat bottom .
Initial reports of a broken pelvisin the OC Register were corrected on Hawk's own website , which characterized the injury as " sheared pelvis and a severe hematoma . "
Hawk , who has been retired from competition for several years , continues to perform demonstration events regularly .
Saturday 's fall occured during a Quiksilver Action Sports Weekend that was held at Disneyland in Anaheim , Calif .
We know whodunnit but not how .
The curious case of Agatha Christie remains the great unsolved mystery of crime fiction .
It is relatively easy to understand why we continue to read the work of Edgar Allan Poe or Arthur Conan Doyle , or for that matter Wilkie Collins , Dashiell Hammett and Raymond Chandler .
Nor is it difficult to explain their enduring influence on the genre .
But Christie ?
How does she do it ?
And , in the process , how has a shy , upper - middle class lady , born in Torquay in 1890 , become ( almost certainly ) the most widely read novelist in the world today ?
She really is the odd one out among these influential crime writers - and not just because she is the only woman among them .
For a start , so many people go out of their way to make clear their dislike of her work .
Broadly speaking , her detractors fall into two camps .
On the one hand , Christie has to contend with the sneers of the critics .
The classic example is Edmund Wilson 's essay " Who Cares Who Killed Roger Ackroyd " , one of his three diatribes against detective fiction that appeared in the New Yorker during the 1940s .
He concludes that Agatha Christie 's work is sub-literary , best considered as something between a trivial pursuit and a mildly shameful addiction .
Christie 's work has also been attacked from within .
Like anything else , crime fiction has its fashions .
Raymond Chandler 's 1944 essay , " The Simple Art of Murder " , savaged the Golden Age whodunnit and its practitioners , including Christie , and praised the more realistic American pulp school of crime writing exemplified by Hammett .
Nowadays , within the genre , the currently fashionable taste is for noir - gritty and morally ambiguous stories set in the big city , whose authors aspire to tick sociological and even ethical checkboxes as well as literary ones .
You rarely find someone confessing their admiration , untinged by irony , for Christie on Front Row .
For both critics and devotees , her name conjures up " Mayhem Parva " - a Home Counties village with respectful rustics and a host of middle - and upper - class characters .
This enclosed , idyllic world is disturbed by a murder .
There is a host of suspects , most of whom either employ servants or ( in the later novels ) used to do so .
The reader is invited to pit his or her wits against those of the detective , who eventually brings the case to a dramatic and unexpected denouement .
The story ends at this point , so the reader rarely has to cope with the messy procedures of evidence - gathering , trial and punishment .
We know without being told that one of those invaluable servants will manage to remove the bloodstain from the drawing - room carpet .
On the face of it , the formula seems to have little to do with either crime or literature .
It seems narrow and mechanical , and likely to produce dull and repetitive results .
So Christie 's books are unreal , unfashionable , unliterary and often , by modern standards , downright snobbish .
In that case , why are they so widely read ?
For this is the second reason that Agatha Christie stands out among her peers .
Despite the various attacks on it , her work has been , and continues to be , quite staggeringly popular .
Conan Doyle himself cannot match her record or even come near it .
The statistics tell their own story .
Chorion , the entertainments and leisure company that now controls Christie 's copyrights , along with those of Blyton , Chandler and Simenon , reckons that Christie 's books have sold more than 2 billion copies worldwide .
Each time they are rejacketed - in the UK , that 's about every six years - there is a surge in sales as new readers are lured to her books , and old ones rediscover them .
Today , HarperCollins , her publisher since 1926 , sells a million copies a year in every country in the world where English books are sold ( apart from the US , where Christie has another publisher ) .
Christie sales have actually grown by around 50 per cent over the last ten years , completely contrary to the trend .
She 's now one of the top five authors in India .
According to UNESCO figures , she is the world 's second most translated author .
The top place , incidentally , is occupied by a team of Walt Disney writers ; Shakespeare comes in at number four .
It 's impossible to find a single reason for this continuing popularity .
But several factors have undoubtedly contributed to it .
In the first place , there are the qualities that Christie shares with many other authors of traditional whodunnits .
Most obviously , some of the appeal must derive from the simple fact that death is universal , and so is the deep - seated unease that murder creates ; and so is the love of puzzles that have solutions .
WH Auden , a self - confessed addict of detective fiction , argued in a brief but influential essay , " The Guilty Vicarage " , that the charm of the genre has nothing to do with literature : it is essentially magical , and its effect is cathartic .
A whodunnit gives Genesis a happy ending : it introduces a serpent into Eden but concludes with its expulsion , leaving Adam and Eve to enjoy their restored innocence .
Put another way , the traditional whodunnit in the Christie mould works as a sort of literary analgesic .
It shows us , in safely fictional terms , what we most fear , and then creates the illusion that human reason can both understand it and resolve it .
So Hercule Poirot and Miss Marple fulfil functions that combine those of the shaman and the scientist .
True or not , this theory fails to explain why Agatha Christie should have done so much better than her rivals .
Christie 's first novel , The Mysterious Affair at Styles , came out in 1920 and earned her £ 25 from her grasping publisher .
But this and the novels that followed rapidly created a market for her work not only in this country but abroad .
Despite their localised settings ( literally parochial in many cases ) , despite the social attitudes they enshrine , her stories work well in other languages and cultures .
Her prose is plain , direct and effective , which makes it easy to translate .
It will give pleasure even to unsophisticated readers .
It 's no accident that a Christie whodunnit is often the first " adult " novel that a child reads .
Similarly , the characterisation is equally straightforward .
Her critics do not see this as a virtue .
But it makes her characters very accessible , for the detail is so spare , and often so generalised , that readers can interpret them in their own way .
Christie 's popularity also has much to with the versatility of her stories .
It became clear at a very early stage that her characters and storylines could be transferred to other media .
The first film of her work is a German adaptation of The Secret Adversary ( Die Abenteuer GMBH ) , which appeared as early as 1928 .
There 's an irrelevant but deliciously surreal story that the master reel for the film was found inside the Berlin Wall when it was pulled down .
Chorion estimates that there have been about 190 film and TV adaptations of Christie 's work worldwide .
The best of them – Joan Hickson 's Miss Marple , for example , or David Suchet 's Poirot – pay Agatha Christie the supreme compliment of aspiring to be as true as possible to the spirit of the original novels .
It is no surprise that they tend to be among the most commercially successful of the adaptations .
Viewers , like readers , prefer to suspend their disbelief for the duration .
Christie 's stories work equally well as radio adaptations or as audiobooks .
The record - breaking West End run of The Mousetrap still testifies to her skill as a dramatist .
There are Christie e-books and interactive games .
In France , where she is the best - selling author of all time , her work is appearing as a series of graphic novels .
Her stories are like water : they fit the shape of the container that holds them .
As a crime writer , Christie 's talents have much in common with those of the conjurer and the stand - up comic .
She is the queen of carefully controlled narrative .
Her skill as misdirecting the reader amounts at times to genius .
She distracts our attention at the crucial moment ; she toys with our stock responses .
Her puzzles are rarely dull and over - complex - unlike those of Dorothy L Sayers and many other Golden Age crime writers .
The best ofthem not only fool the reader but , afterwards , they give us the supreme pleasure of thinking that " I should have got that myself . "
Agatha Christie is not a great writer , and her 66 novels vary widely in quality .
But the best of her books are well worth revisiting .
There is a clarity about them and a shrewd understanding of the vagaries of human nature .
Christie was no fool .
She 's also a better writer than her reputation might lead you to expect .
The Murder of Roger Ackroyd ( 1926 ) , for example , if by any chance you do n't know the twist , still has the power to take your breath away .
And , if you do , you can admire how it 's done .
Murder at the Vicarage ( 1930 ) has elements of social comedy .
A Murder is Announced ( 1950 ) tells us a great deal about the stresses of post - war British society .
Crooked House ( 1949 ) , one of Christie 's own favourites , breaks an unspoken taboo of the genre that many readers still find shocking .
We will never know the precise secret of Agatha Christie 's extraordinary success .
But the simplest , though not the only , reason for it is this : she understood the power of story and how to exercise it on her readers .
In her recent book , Talking About Detective Fiction , PD James quotes Robert Graves 's judgement : " Agatha 's best work is , like PG Wodehouse and Noël Coward 's best work , the most characteristic pleasure writing of this epoch and will appear one day in all decent literary histories .
As writing it is not distinguished , but as story it is superb . "
The next best thing to a howdunnit ?
Superconductors carry electric current with no energy loss .
They could revolutionize our electrical grid , but they only work at impractically low temperatures .
We just figured out a key reason why – and possibly got a lot closer to room - temperature superconductors .
Advertisement
Scientists have spent the last two decades trying to figure out why their superconductors only work at temperatures barely any higher than absolute zero .
They 've been able to identify the so - called " pseudogap " phase , which is a temperature range below room temperature at which superconductivity breaks down .
We know there 's something about what happens to electrons during this phase that makes superconductors fail , but until now we could n't figure out what , despite several frustrating attempts to find out .
But physicists working for the Department of Energy may have just solved the mystery .
Working with copper - oxide superconductors , they identified a change in electron behavior that only occurs during the pseudogap phase .
Specifically , they keyed in on how easily electrons could " jump " from each copper and oxygen site to the tip of a microscope needle .
Advertisement
The difference in electron behavior was remarkably obvious , explains project leader Séamus Davis :
" Picture the copper atom at the center of the unit , with one oxygen to the ' north ' and one to the ' east , ' and this whole unit repeating itself over and over across the copper - oxide layer .
In every single copper - oxide unit , the tunneling ability of electrons from the northern oxygen atom was different from that of the eastern oxygen . "
Finding such a clear break in symmetry is very exciting , because there 's a ton of precedent for such asymmetries revolutionizing our understanding of other systems .
For instance , the discovery of broken symmetries in liquid crystals gave scientists the guidance needed to control the crystal , and now liquid crystal displays ( or , as they 're more commonly known , LCD screens ) are commonplace and inexpensive .
The hope is that a similarly huge leap in understanding of superconductors will come from uncovering this asymmetry in the pseudogap phase .
The researchers hope to find similar broken symmetries in other copper - oxide superconductors .
They are also trying to figure out how the asymmetry affects electron flow , how this in turn affects superconductivity , and how to work around these issues to make room temperature superconductors a practical possibility .
There 's still much work to do , but as Davis explains , the potential benefits are incalculable : " Developing superconductors that operate without the need for coolants would be transformational .
Such materials would greatly improve the efficiency of energy - distribution systems , saving enormous amounts of money and updating the electrical grid to meet the needs of the 21st Century . "
Currently , the only working superconductors have to operate at extremely low temperatures .
The fact that they operate with no resistance and thus no energy loss is theoretically a huge savings , but in practice it 's completely canceled out by the huge amount of exotic coolants needed to get them to such temperatures .
[ Nature ]
Click to view
" I assumed it would go underneath the boat but instead it sprang out of the sea .
We were very lucky to get through it , as the sheer weight of the thing was huge .
DRBG pre-announce and a discussion on RNG / Crypto infrastructure
All , A new pair of typeclasses are below and in the repo [ 1 ] .
Mostly this is just me tweaking the Hash class and updating DRBG [ 2 ] to use the new interface ( tests not yet run I might have broken something , but that would n't be the interfaces fault ) .
The classes include : Note L. is ByteString .
Lazy while B. is strict bytestrings .
===== class ( Binary d , Serialize d ) =>
Hash ctx d | d -> ctx , ctx -> d where outputLength :: Tagged d BitLength blockLength :: Tagged d BitLength initialCtx :: ctx updateCtx :: ctx -> B.ByteString -> ctx finalize :: ctx -> B.ByteString -> d strength :: Tagged d BitLength =====
I was considering having a ' needAlignment :: Tagged d ByteLength ' value for Hashes .
The reasoning was [ 3 ] .
==== class BlockCipher k where blockSize :: Tagged k BitLength encryptBlock :: k -> B.ByteString -> B.ByteString decryptBlock :: k -> B.ByteString -> B.ByteString buildKey :: B.ByteString -> Maybe k keyLength :: k ->
BitLength -- ^ keyLength may inspect its argument to return the length ====
Other helper functions exist that build on the class primitives to provide operations such as hash and hash ' .
The TODO list includes : - Look harder at the other classes including " BlockCipher " , " AsymCipher " , " StreamCipher " - example instances of each class - example uses of each class - Collecting tests , building a test framework - Move " for " and (.::. ) into the Tagged library (? ) -
Decide what we want on padding - Decide what we want with crypto-related items that are n't directly a cipher or hash ( ex : pbkdf2 ) .
- Decide on package name ( replace " Crypto " or select a new name ?
Goes with another recent threads ' topic ) - Implement modes Individual responses : Bas said : >
Why not use the Edward Kmett 's ' tagged ' [ 1 ] package for these methods ?
As in : > outputLength :: Tagged d BitLength Done .
I like it .
Adam Wick < awick at galois.com > wrote : >
Why two libraries instead of n+1 ?
Would n't it make sense to just have > one library ( what you call " Crypto " ) define the interface as one > package , and then have a number of packages that implement that > interface as a series of other modules ?
It will start as just 1 ( crypto ) then I 'm leaning toward targeting n+2 where n is the number of packages that have the desired interface and testing ( currently zero ) .
- Algs can simply re-export from alg specific packages ( i.e. is a meta package ) when such package exists and is maintained .
I feel there is value in a well supported algorithm collection , namely uniform inclusion policy and maintenance ; this does n't stop algorithm specific packages from targeting the Crypto API , that is the whole point of having Crypto and Crypto - Algs separate . >>
Enumerating principles I support : >> * Lazy ByteStrings should be used for all input data >> >
Really ?
Why ?
I 've actually been considering going back to both the SHA > and RSA packages and redoing them using strict ByteStrings .
Recent > experience has suggested that strict ByteStrings are almost always what >
I want , and building a fast lazy ByteString interface over strict >
ByteString routines seems like a pretty trivial task .
It was this comment that caused me to realize the class interface should all be strict bytestrings performing component operations ( matches crypto definitions better anyway ) and have helper functions that use these component functions to provide strict and lazy operations .
For example , the Hash class defines initialContext , update , and finalize while helper functions use these to provide hash and hash ' .
Such design was already the idea behind cipher , just did n't consciously realize it .
Cheers , Thomas [ 1 ]
http://code.haskell.org/~tommd/crypto/ [ 2 ]
http://code.haskell.org/~tommd/DRBG/ [ 3 ]
Reasoning behind the currently excluded ' neededAlignment ' value The ' needAlignment ' value is the byte alignment assumed by the Hash for input data ( presumably 1 , 2 , 4 , or 8 ) .
The ' hash ' helper function ( or any users of ' finialize ' or ' update ' ) checks the alignment of the input data - if it is not aligned then it's copied into a newly allocated bytestring , allowing the implementation to assume 64 bit alignment ( new allocation rule in Haskell 2010 ) .
Implementations that use alignment - safe word extraction ( ex : Cereal ) can just specify 1 while other implementations ( ex : for performance reasons pureMD5 used to use an unsafePerformIO ... peekElem ... ) can request proper alignment .
But this is a hack job , we need to get a high performance way to extract unboxed words from a bytestring that will fall back to a safe method when the alignment is n't correct ( Cereal is measurably lower performance than unsafePerformIO with peekElem ) .
James , I was so pissed to read today on Freedom 's Phoenix of your passing !
I think I own every book , including his non-fiction reminiscing books , he ever wrote .
As a biologist , I still remember the thrill of reading the first one of his novels I ever picked up .
While perusing the SciFi books at a Dalton 's Bookstore in early 1978 , I came across a paperback that featured cover art of an archaeological dig on the moon where they were excavating a dead astronaut .
" Inherit the Stars "
" Voyage From Yesteryear . "
" Code of the Lifemaker "
" The Immortality Option . "
" Endgame Enigma "
" Mirror Maze . "
" The Proteus Operation "
" Cradle of Saturn "
" The Anguished Dawn . "
" Inherit the Stars , " " Entoverse . "
" Migration "
The back cover told the tale of " Charley " a human in a spacesuit found dead on the lunar surface a few years from now .
Only problem was he was an unknown astronaut of no known nation .
And he died there 50,000 years ago .
began an exciting and plausible ( now at five volume ) investigation into humanity 's place in the universe .
I was hooked by what I used to call his hardcore SciFi .
But since everyone thought I was referring to SciFi pornographer Phillip Jose Farmer , I had to change that to , " if you like your science hard in science fiction , then you will like James P. Hogan . "
He could deliver an imaginative speculation on numerous science unknowns , as well as explanations of theoretical " knowns " in a readily understood manner .
And he understood the importance of never letting facts get in the way of a good story as he as much declared in his nonfiction " Rockets , Redheads & Revolution . "
Often , he would publish an end note in one of his novels explaining some of the things he wrote were not true , or not likely to be true but were needed to keep the story going .
But just as likely the end note would expand upon real principles of physics that he introduced in the particular book .
James P. Hogan at some point quit his job a DEC ( Digital Equipment Corporation ) in which he sold mainframe computers to corporations and universities to make a living off of science fiction --- one of the few people to successfully do this full time .
Hogan was also referred to as a libertarian SF author .
He had a strong libertarian streak and themes in several of his books , but he soured somewhat on it as a practicality believing libertarianism could never be adopted by people conditioned to something else .
But early on in his career ( 1982 ) he published a great libertarian SF novel , In it he wrote about the only libertarian society he could imagine evolving --- one in which humans with no preconceived notions logically grew up and adopted a culture of their own , unaware of the world we know and accept .
I once remember a non-libertarian friend of mine who after finishing my copy said he was amazed that this fictional society proposed by Hogan 's . . . could actually work !
He extended this theme in a couple of other novels in which robot societies struggled with freedom and tyranny , and human interference : andAnd he wrote two back to back spy novels that were amazingly gripping and full of comments on tyranny and anti-government themes : andmight be considered a third spy novel . ]
He also did his end of the world thing , that seems popular with SciFi authors in their 50's : and There were several human - machine interface novels , including a virtual reality universe that became the third sequel to This demonstrated Hogan 's preoccupation with speculating where humans were evolutionarily headed .
I am a voracious reader .
Not a surprising trait in a libertarian .
While my libertarian friends may not know it , my other friends generally do .
I am not a paperback reader .
While I own many hundreds of paperbacks , if there is a hardback version that is usually what I buy and read .
It was my desire to read Hogan 's latest which were always available in hardback about nine months before the paperback came out that started me on this preference for a bigger book to lug around and read .
I emailed Mr. Hogan on several occasions the past fifteen years .
Usually after finishing one of his latest novels .
He always wrote back a thank you response even though my email did not really intend a reply .
He included comments that made if clear it was from him and not his publicist .
I will miss him .
I have not read his presumably final novel , that was released in May .
While I enjoy rereading several of his novels , I find it sad that I cannot continue to look forward to future novels , unless we find a way to slide into those parallel Earths eh , James ?
Hummmm , motivation . . . .
A man is undergoing a medical assessment at Royal Perth Hospital after climbing on to the top of a billboard near Perth 's main train station yesterday afternoon , naked and armed with a gun .
Police spent four hours trying to talk the man down .
A cherry picker was used to lift a police negotiator to the man and he was safely brought down shortly after 6:00 pm .
All streets around the CBD have been re-opened and train lines into and out of Perth train station are running again .
Can guaranteed income end poverty ?
5 Southern mayors set to test MLK's vision
Five Southern mayors have joined a coalition to test guaranteed income and potentially fulfill Dr. Martin Luther King Jr 's vision of ending poverty .
It should be recognized , though , because when it comes to government disaster response , the Bush years marked a low point and right now we 're experiencing a high point .
For a vivid illustration of this disparity , look no further than the Gulf .
During Katrina , FEMA director Michael Brown secured his place history as the poster boy for government incompetence .
Now consider Chu , the Nobel Prize Winner who has been at BP headquarters in Houston with a team of government scientists trying to figure out how to stop the leak .
According to a government official , BP initially " dismissed " Chu 's gamma ray suggestion , but came back a week later and admitted " Chu 's right . "
I talked to Chu this afternoon about the government 's response to the disaster .
As a mental exercise , try and imagine what these answers would sound like if " Brownie " or some other top Bush officials were still overseeing disaster relief in the Gulf .
I understand you just got back from Houston ?
What were you doing there ?
We went there Tuesday night , we were in Houston in the morning with BP , then visited for three or four hours with the manufacturers of the blowout preventers [ the equipment that should have stopped the leak ] .
What advice have you been giving BP advice about gamma-ray imaging ?
Can you explain in layman 's terms what BP was trying to do and what exactly you recommended ?
Well , I was talking about a week and a half ago to some of the Department of Energy folks that BP had asked us to send down there .
This was the week before last Sunday .
There was a several hour phone call Sunday where a few of the national lab directors , I , and the people we had at the site were talking about what we can do to help BP , and we thought that we could perhaps help them specifically by imaging the state of the BOP , the blow - out - prevention valve , with high - energy gamma rays .
By using penetrating gamma rays you can see whether the valves were closed .
The really important part of all this is that through our conversations with BP , they seem to be very open to having brainstorming sessions , having us help diagnose what the condition of the blowout prevention valve is and helping them think through potential solutions .
The president charged me with assembling a small team of scientists to go down there and that was what we were doing beginning Tuesday night .
The idea was to bring in very smart people who also have great connections to the larger engineering and scientific community .
The national lab director who 's been engaged in this from the beginning , Tom Hunter , and I and four other scientists and engineers went down there .
How is it that you know enough about gamma rays and oil spill technology to be helpful ?
I was n't aware that that was an area you 'd worked in before you were secretary ?
Oil spills were not something I 've worked on , but I do know about gamma rays .
In an interview with Nintendo Power , Akihiro Hino , president of Level - 5 , has confirmed that its original non-Layton games would soon be seeing western releases .
Most notably , Inazuma Eleven and Ni no Kuni : The Another World ( PS3 ) , earlier a DS exclusive .
The PS3 version of Ni no Kuni has generated a lot of buzz since the release of its debut trailer .
Ni no kuni was earlier exclusive to the DS platform , but a revelation by Famitsu confirmed that the game will be heading to the PS3 in 2011 ( Japan ) .
Although Hino did n’t offer specifics about a release date for either project , he did say that “ I do n’t think it will be that long before you ’re able to play these games . ”
Check out the gorgeous debut trailer for the PS3 version of Ni No Kuni below
In Ni no kuni , the player assumes the role of a 13 year - old boy named Oliver , a resident of Hotroit city whose mother Arie dies suddenly .
A doll previously given to Oliver by his mother reveals itself to be a male fairy named Shizuku , who gives Oliver a magic book that allows him to go to the world of “ Ninokuni , ” a reality parallel to his own , where the fairy states the boy may be able to revive his mother .
There he encounters alternate versions of people he knows .
Because children are our future , we return to the amusing and ongoing tale of Shaved Bieber .
Created by New York web developer Greg Leuch in response to a research colleague 's plea , Shaved Bieber is the free plug - in that blocks all mentions of ubiquitous teen singing sensation Justin Bieber from the user 's computer .
Clearly , this should recommend Greg to the Nobel committee – but instead it has mobilised Justin 's army of protective young fans , who call themselves Beliebers .
" I swear , " swore one , " if my mom ever tries to put the ' shaved bieber ' program on our computers I WILL RUN AWAY AND NEVER COME BACK . "
Alas , how quickly impotent teen anguish turns to death threats .
" I know many things about you and I know where you live , " runs a fairly typical example of what we might style the second wave of responses to Greg 's treachery .
" Just be aware I might appear behind you and shoot you with a gun . "
Little tinkers .
If you wish to bask in the full , developing story , Greg is posting the standout gems at shavedbieber.tumblr.com .
For now , we 'll play out with our Tween Commenter of the Week , who is 15 - year - old Alex from Switzerland .
" What you 're doing is going back to world war two all over again , " Alex explains .
" Hitler wanted to erase Jews from society , you want to erase Justin Drew Bieber . "
And on that bombshell , etc . . .
Posted by Rampant Coyote on June 15 , 2010
Tom Buscaglia , the “ Game Attorney , ” took some time to read through the rules for Activision ’s independent games competition .
To be honest , this thing was always something of a head - scratcher for me , and after reading Tom ’s take on it , I ’m not sure I ’m much closer to understanding the contest .
Tom Buscaglia : Some Thoughts on the Activision Indie Game Contest
What it really seems to me is that the competition is really not for anybody who has any business being an indie .
I mean , yay Activision for having this kind of contest and it * not* being particularly onerous .
And the money being offered for the first round of competition is not chicken - scratch for your average indie .
But the contest is almost a subversion of all things indie .
To win the contest you need to not act like an indie .
You have to send them an incomplete game idea and then depend upon publisher approval in order to finish your game ?
Huh ?
Activision gets first right of negotiation , which is actually reasonably cool .
But as far as I can tell , the one most likely to win the competition is an experienced game dev ( experienced enough to create a competent GDD , schedule , and budget ) who for some reason feels the need to hitch their wagon exclusively to Activision ’s for the duration of the competition in expectation of winning .
All I can figure is that this may be some place an indie might send a back - burnered project .
I ’ve got a couple of those .
Winning the competition would just bring it to the front - burner .
The whole nebulous “ round two ” thing is just more head - scratchery .
Okay – clue to those new to the indie scene : Indie is pretty much a “ do it yourself ” ethos .
That does n’t mean indies are lone - wolves , or do n’t end up going through publishers at all .
What it means is they are independent of all those processes and artificial barriers imposed by publishers .
This contest pretty much rewards the indies for re-introducing those barriers .
Does that make it an “ anti- indie contest ? ”
Not that enterprising indies can’t figure out how to do what they want to do and use the rules to their advantage .
I can think of 175,000 reasons to try and do just that .
Medical marijuana now legal
Medical marijuana is now legal in the District after the Democrat - controlled Congress declined to overrule a D.C Council bill that allows the city to set up as many as eight dispensaries where chronically ill patients can purchase the drug .
Del. Eleanor Holmes Norton ( D ) said in a statement the bill become law after Congress finished its business Monday night because neither the House nor Senate opted to intervene .
The council approved the bill in May , and under Home Rule Congress had 30 legislative days to review it .
" We have faced repeated attempts to re-impose the prohibition on medical marijuana in D.C. throughout the layover period , " said Norton .
" Yet , it is D.C. 's business alone to decide how to help patients who live in our city and suffer from chronic pain and incurable illnesses . "
Although the bill has now cleared Congress , patients will likely have to wait at least several months before they can obtain the drug from a city - sanctioned dispensary .
Mayor Adrian M. Fenty and the Department of Health now have to establish regulations outlining who can bid for a license to open a dispensary .
( See how different states handle medical marijuana . )
The law allows patients with cancer , glaucoma , HIV / AIDS and other chronic ailments can possess up to four ounces of the drug .
Patients will not be allowed to grow their own marijuana , but licensed companies will be able to sell the drug to people who first obtain a doctor 's prescription .
The council also approved a provision in the 2011 budget that calls for medical marijuana to be subject to the city 's 6 percent sales tax .
Underprivileged residents who qualify will be eligible to purchase their drugs free or at reduced cost .
Under the legislation , sponsored by council members David A. Catania ( I - At large ) and Phil Mendelson ( D - At large ) , both non-profit and for - profit organizations will be eligible to operate the dispensaries .
Even after the Department of Health licenses the dispensaries and cultivation centers , they could be delayed by a zoning process in which residents could protest where the dispensaries will be located .
The legislation states the dispensaries will not be allowed to be located within 300 feet of a school .
Distributors also will be limited to growing no more than 95 marijuana plants at a given location , an apparent effort to keep dispensers within federal law that heightens penalties on anyone arrested with at least 100 plants .
The law caps a years - long struggle to act on a 1998 referendum in which 69 percent of District residents voted for to allow medical marijuana .
Until last year , Congress blocked the city from enacting the referendum .
City leaders , hoping to avoid the quasi-legalization of the drug , say the District will have one of the most restrictive medical marijuana laws in the country .
They fear a future Congress could reverse the law if it is abused .
-- Tim Craig
Helvetica Poster
New , Groundbreaking Ads : Selling the Brand
Roger Sterling 's Desk
Color
While watching the first episode of the new season last night I could n't help but notice the subtleties of updated design in the show .
The characters have a new office which is decorated with all sorts of tables and chairs with 1960 's design .
Color also plays a large factor in the change .
This episode really showed how far the characters are getting from the 1950 's design mentality which was so apparent in previous seasons .
Here are some examples that really sparked my eye .- - - As a designer I could n't help but notice the Helvetica poster in the background of this scene : Helvetica is a widely used sans - serif typeface developed in 1957 .
While overused in present - day design , it had a huge influence in design in the 1960's .
It was something fresh and new which is the feeling I get from this new season .- - - Most of the Ads designed in the 1950's conveyed heavy information about a product .
They utilized heavy body copy and their main goal was to sell the product .
It is apparent that the show is moving in the direction of selling the brand .
It is interesting to see the show follow these trends in advertising and design .
For example : this bathing suit ad pitched in the first episode :- - There is not much that needs to be said about this , as long as you have a photo .
The desks in the old office were very old fashioned and very proper .
You can notice the influence of 1960 's design by the bold solid colors and futuristic shapes of the furniture in the new office .
For example : Roger Sterling 's Desk :-
- The colors in this scene , the same scene where the Helvetica Font showed it 's face , really stood out to me regarding color .
Bold primary colors , yellow and red , against a pale blue .
A huge step away from the brown's and white 's of the old office .
For me , this shows the creative department 's design inspiration , and the welcoming of new ideas .
I think we have a lot to look forward to in this new season .
Source : Bloody Disgusting
Posted By : Dan Geer
Well , here ’s your first look at what I hope will at least be a decent sequel to David Slade ’s 2007 horror masterpiece 30 Days of Night .
On October 5th , 30 Days of Night : Dark Days goes straight to DVD and Blu-ray for your viewing pleasure .
Hit the jump to watch the trailer !
Official Plot Synopsis :
“ It ’s been a year since the Alaskan town of Barrow ’s population was decimated by vampires during its annual month long sunset .
Riddled with grief over the death of her husband , bound by nightmares and void of all emotions beyond hate and sorrow , Stella ( Sanchez ) has spent the past months traveling the world , trying to convince others that vampires exist .
Met with skepticism and laughter , Stella is ready to throw in the towel when a group of lost souls ( Coiro , Baird and Perrineau ) offers an incredible opportunity : the chance to exact revenge upon Lilith ( Kirshner ) , the vampire queen responsible for the assault on her sleepy Alaskan town .
With nothing remaining to live for , and nothing left to fear , Stella joins their mission and ventures into the uncharted underbelly of Los Angeles where she pushes herself to the most extreme limits to stop the evil from striking again . ”
I am a big fan of the original , but sequels going straight to DVD always bothers me – and for good reason , as they have a reputation for being pretty lousy .
But once in a while you ’ll find a true gem .
This preview makes 30 Days of Night : Dark Days actually looks somewhat decent – despite having a different actress ( Kiele Sanchez ) playing “ Stella , ” and not taking place in the atmospheric setting of Barrow , Alaska .
It is also co-written by Steve Niles , who wrote the screenplay for the first film .
So , maybe there ’s hope ?
Is substance abuse a cause of domestic violence ?
Some are convinced and others are not .
I do not believe that it can be a cause without other issues in pla ...
11 years ago
Last year I wrote about the nifty website Ficly , a community where you can write short fiction .
And I mean short : each story can only be 1024 characters -- roughly 200 words or so .
It 's incredibly limiting , which means you really have to be careful when you write .
The story I wrote then was loosely based on the last chapter of my book Death from the Skies !.
I 've been playing around again , and have recently become interested in zombies .
Since I 'm a scientist , of course I had to put my own spin on it ... and I was curious if it was possible to have an overarching theme to a story when it was so short .
I think the answer is : barely .
So here , in its entirety , is my new Ficly , " Random Walk " .
I know a mathematician ’s an unlikely survivor .
But it ’s not axiomatic .
By the time I realized I was in trouble , there was only one way to go : up .
I locked the door , made sure the windows were secure , and ran up to the second floor .
I peeked out a bedroom window at the rotting , writhing mass below .
I should ’ve predicted this , I guess , but in my defense I did n’t know all the initial conditions .
I did n’t see how the pile got started .
Extrapolating backwards , I can guess it was one of the deadwalkers in advanced decay .
It bumped into the house and fell apart .
There must ’ve been hundreds before who stayed intact , but statistics wo n’t be denied .
Once seeded , it grew .
Another fell , and another .
They do n’t climb , really , but they can walk up hill .
One on the pile , then another .
Given their speed , average size , direction , I can calculate how long before they ’ll reach this window in front of me : 6 to 8 days .
Plus or minus .
I have 7 days of food here .
I suspect in week or so , I ’ll have one last equation to solve .
If you like it , you can go to Ficly , register , and write a prequel or sequel , too .
It 's a very cool place to play around with words .
Tip o' the braaaaaaains to Wil Wheaton , who first twigged me to Ficly .
Motoring show .
Jeremy Clarkson asks why there are n't more three - wheeled cars in the world , while James May attempts to drive a Toyota Hilux up an active volcano in Iceland .
Jeremy Clarkson , Richard Hammond , James May and the Stig return .
Jeremy asks why there are n't more three - wheeled cars in the world and investigates further with a closer look at the 1980s comedians ' favourite , the Reliant Robin .
Meanwhile , James gives Top Gear 's favourite warhorse , the Toyota Hilux pick up , one final assignment as he attempts to drive one up an active volcano in Iceland and the Stig rips up the track in the new Bentley Continental Supersports .
Plus , Richard gives the old Chevrolet Lacetti a dignified send - off before he and Clarkson host a star - studded tea party to welcome in a shiny new Reasonably Priced Car .
This column is n't taken to scolding very much , and aside from the occasional Tweet war , it does n't have a temper .
But having been steeped in the science of stigma , I 've got to make an exception .
This New York Daily
News headline about a corrupt union boss , " PIGGY'S BANK , " clearly , unambiguously , and undeniably connects his girth to his actions ; the writers are playing off of , and reifying , the linkages between fat and excess and uncontrollable urges .
And readers get it .
I got it .
I kind of laughed at the headline , and then felt ashamed of myself .
We are so conditioned to accept without remorse the fact that we find fat funny .
I do n't know why Daniel Hughes , a Port Authority union leader who admitted stealing $ 500,000 to feed his gambling and sexual addictions , happens to be fat .
I do know that his weight has nothing to do with the substance of the story , which is about his crime .
It 's very easy to write a lede that begins with " A roly - poly rip - off artist ... , " much like how the New York Post used to call Monica Lewinsky a " portly pepper - pot . "
Would you like to try out apps from the Android Market on your PC ?
We recently showed you how to run Android in an emulator on your PC , so here ’s how you can install apps from the Android Market in the emulator .
Getting Started
First , you ’ll need to have the Android Emulator setup on your computer .
If you do n’t already have it installed , check out our article about Installing and Running Android on Your PC with the Android Emulator .
Now , download the new Android Virtual Machine that has the Android Market installed .
Select the Android 1.5 link , as this is the simplest to setup .
Once the download is finished , you can open the file in your favorite archival program .
If you do n’t have a program installed to read RAR files like this , download the free 7zip ( link below ) .
Extract the files , and then open the folder where you extracted them .
Open your Android virtual machine folder ; you can do this easily by entering the following in your Explorer address bar :
%userprofile%/.android/avd
Copy the files and folder you just extracted to the .android / avd folder .
In your .android / avd folder , open the new AndEmu.ini file in Notepad .
We need to change the path to our Android folder .
If you ’re using Windows XP , replace user with your username ; if you ’re using Windows 7 or Vista , replace Documents and Settings\user with Users \your_user_name , replacing your_user_name with your real user name .
Here ’s our edited AndEmu.ini file , though again , remember that you ’ll need to specify the correct username for your computer .
Remember to save the file when you ’re finished .
You ’re now ready to start the new virtual Android .
Open the Android SDK Manager , and you should see your new AndEmu listed along with your other Android virtual machines .
Click Start to run it .
Alternately , you can start it from Command Prompt , or you can create a shortcut to it on your desktop .
See our article on Running the Android Emulator for more info .
If you entered the folder path incorrectly before , you may see an error as below .
Go back and correct your .ini file , and then try again .
Setting up Your New Virtual Android
If everything ’s entered correctly , you ’ll soon see your new Android emulator starting up .
This may take several minutes to startup , especially on your first run .
Once it ’s started , click the Android logo to setup your virtual device .
You can step through a tutorial to help you get accustomed with Android , or click Skip to go directly to your home screen .
This may be fun to look at , but is mainly aimed at helping you get used to using Android on a touchscreen so is not overly useful on a PC .
Now you ’ll be asked to setup your Google Account .
Click Sign in and enter your standard Gmail account info , or create a new one .
Alternately , you can skip this and set it up later .
Once you ’re done , you ’ll see your Android home screen with a Market link , all running on your PC !
Using the Android Market
To download and use Apps on your Android virtual machine , click the Market icon on the home screen or in the Apps menu .
If you have n’t already entered your Google account into the virtual Android , you ’ll need to set it up as before .
Android will then sync with Google ’s servers , which may take a few moments .
Accept the Market terms of service when they appear .
Now you can browse , download , and purchase apps from the Android Market , directly on the emulator on your PC .
Browse apps by categories to find something you want to download .
Or Press the Menu button on the emulated phone to search for apps and choose viewing options .
Once you ’ve found an app you want to try out , click the Install button on its description page .
Click
Ok to continue installing the application .
Your new app will now download , and you can check it ’s progress from the notifications bar at the top .
Now , go back to your home screen by pressing the home button on the virtual phone .
Your new apps will be in the apps menu , so select one to try it out .
Here ’s the popular Opera Mini browser in our virtual Android .
Evernote ’s Android app works great in the virtual Android , too .
Or , you can even try out some Android games directly from your PC .
Conclusion
Whether you would like to try out Android apps without purchasing a new mobile device , or simply want to test apps safely before installing them on your Android phone , this is a great way to take advantage of the whole Android Market on your PC .
Some apps may not work correctly on a PC , such as camera and microphone apps that require specific hardware , but we were able to try out a large variety of apps this way .
If you ’re using a Mac or Linux computer , you can use this , too , with the Android Emulator for your OS .
Enjoy !
Link
Download an Android Emulator image with the Android Marketplace
Download 7zip to open the rar file
Thanks to this week ’s guest scriptwriter , Albert Mohler ( via WEIT ) .
“ So , Mr Mohler – why does life on Earth appear to have evolved ?
Is that also due to the groaning ? ”
“ No .
That is more of a squelchy gurgle .
Life on Earth is gurgling squelchily under the effect of Original Sin . ”
By Captain Pyke | July 28 , 2010 - 9:48 pm
We all know the iconic four fingers on the face and chant " My mind , to your mind .
Your thoughts , to my thoughts " , other wise known as the Vulcan Mind Meld .
Spock has used it numerous times to get the Enterprise and her crew out of immediate peril .
Heck , he even used it to on Kim Catrall , but unfortunately her brain was empty .
Apparently , scientists are now showing that good conversations can cause brain coupling and " may shed light on the mechanisms by which our brains interact and bind to form societies . "
Sounds like a Vulcan mind meld , right ?
Well , sort of .
In a new journal study by the National Academy of Sciences , participant 's brain scans show similar firing neurons during " successful communication " and sometimes even show mirrored firing neurons .
Some say that this mirroring effect is the starting point for empathy in the human brain .
" The findings shown here indicate that during successful communication , speakers ' and listeners ' brains exhibit joint , temporally coupled , response patterns .
Such neural coupling substantially diminishes in the absence of communication , such as when listening to an unintelligible foreign language .
Moreover , more extensive speaker –listener neural couplings result in more successful communication .
We further show that on average the listener 's brain activity mirrors the speaker 's brain activity with temporal ( time ) delays .
Such delays are in agreement with the flow of information across communicators and imply a causal relationship by which the speaker 's production - based processes induce and shape the neural responses in the listener 's brain . "
But can these brain scans tell you who 's conspiring to kill the President of the Federation ?
I did n't think so .
( info source USA Today )
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
The owner of a local Budgens supermarket has defended selling squirrel meat as a sustainable way of feeding people and says it has a " lovely " taste .
Andrew Thornton , started selling the meat about five months ago after requests from customers at his Budgens store in Crouch End , north London .
" There are too many squirrels around , we might as well eat them rather than cull them and dispose of them , " he said .
Thornton sells up to 15 squirrels a week when they are in stock .
The animal welfare group Viva accused Budgens of profiting from a " wildlife massacre " .
Its founder and director , Juliet Gellatley , said : " If this store is attempting to stand out from the crowd by selling squirrel , the only message they are giving out is that they are happy to have the blood of a beautiful wild animal on their hands for the sake of a few quid . "
Thornton rejected the claim : " That 's not the case at all .
If we are selling 10 or 15 a week I do n't think that falls into the definition of a massacre . "
He predicted more people would eat squirrel in the future .
" I think it 's lovely .
It 's bit like rabbit .
I think there will be a lot of fuss about this now , but in a few years it will become accepted practice that we eat squirrels .
People do n't bat an eyelid now about eating rabbit , " he said .
Thornton buys the meat from a game supplier in Suffolk , the Wild Meat Company , but said he had n't stocked it for several weeks because the firm had run out of squirrel while it focused on other game products .
" We would like to get it back on shelves as soon as we can .
We are a mainstream supermarket but we take a very strong sustainability stance , " he said .
" We got into it because we had requests from customers .
There are a lot of people who understand sustainability issues around here . "
Thornton claimed that squirrel meat is more sustainable than beef .
" It takes about 15 tonnes of grain to produce one tonne of beef , which is not sustainable .
" Squirrels will be culled anyway .
You have two choices .
Either you dispose of them or you eat them . "
The actor and Viva patron Jenny Seagrove said selling squirrel meat was " unbelievable " .
" Anyone who cares about wildlife , as I do , should be appalled at Budgens for allowing this , " she said .
A spokesman for Musgrave , which operates Budgens , told the Daily Mail : " As our retailers are independent , they therefore have the right and ability to secure products that Budgens do not offer for sale , within their individually owned stores . "
OTTAWA — The Tories are threatening a fall election after Opposition senators stripped contentious provisions from the Harper government ’s massive budget implementation bill .
Senator Doug Finley , the Tory campaign director , said a fall election is a distinct possibility if senators refuse to pass the bill as is .
“ Absolutely , ” Finley said in an interview moments after opposition members on the Senate finance committee voted to erase four controversial measures from the budget bill .
“ I ca n’t think of anything more important than what ’s in that budget bill . ”
The full Senate could vote to overturn the changes made by the finance committee but it ’s not certain the Conservatives have the numbers to do that .
While the Tories now dominate the upper chamber , they do not have an absolute majority .
Should the Senate uphold the committee changes , Finley said the amended bill would have to go back to the House of Commons , which would likely return the bill in its original form to the Senate .
Finley said he ’s hopeful senators will eventually bow to the will of the elected Commons , which has already approved the bill .
But if they do n’t , he said : “ Let ’s dance . ”
“ We ’re ready to go to an election if we have to .
The buses , the planes , the trains , the money , the boardroom — everything ’s ready to rock and roll , ” said Finley .
“ We ’re in good shape for an election . ”
During clause - by - clause examination of the 900 - plus - page budget bill , five Liberal senators were joined by Progressive Conservative Senator Lowell Murray to pull four measures .
They include provisions to allow for the potential privatization of Atomic Energy of Canada Ltd. ( AECL ) and to end Canada Post ’s monopoly on international mail .
Opposition senators also rejected measures that would diminish the scope of federal environmental assessments and would allow retroactive changes to some excise taxes .
All four measures were defeated on tie votes of 6 - 6 .
Murray and Liberal senators have strenuously objected that the massive omnibus bill is larded with all sorts of non-budgetary items that should have been presented as stand - alone legislation .
Murray told the committee he does n’t share Liberal concerns about the impact of the bill on Canada Post .
But he voted with Liberals to remove the provision because “ it does n’t belong in a budget bill . ”
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
He also tried to amend the provision regarding AECL , requiring that the government seek parliamentary approval before proceeding with any plan to sell off all or part of the Crown corporation .
When his amendment was rejected , he joined the Liberals in voting to pull the AECL provisions from the bill altogether .
Read more about :
Dick Move , 1st Class A-hole
Forgive me for getting straight to the point on this one .
But here ’s my should n’t - be - at - all - shocking - but - nevertheless - is revelation : First Class is not a right .
It is a privilege .
Even if you ’ve paid full price for the ticket ( which most people have n’t ) , you are still incredibly fortunate to be able to sit in first class .
You are able to board first , deplane last , sit in a nice big seat , and eat fancy snacks .
It is fantastic .
But it is not a right .
The only right you have , whether you ’re sitting in coach , business , or first class , is to be treated like a decent , worthwhile human being .
This is , of course , provided you behave like one .
This also includes treating other people like decent , worthwhile human beings .
And yes , that means flight crew as well .
They are not fancily - dressed waitstaff .
They are the folks who will save your ass should anything go wrong .
And if you are fortunate enough to sit in first class ?
That goes double , because once again , you are PRIVILEGED to have that seat .
You can not act like a drunken buffoonish idiot .
Are you listening , douchebag seated in 1D ?
Because holy cats , you absolutely suck .
I hope the irony of committing a Dick Move !
while sitting in a section called “ first class ” is not lost on you .
Let ’s recap our trip , shall we ?
I promise , I ’ll be brief .
It was , after all , only a 3 - hour flight , though sitting in your vicinity made it feel DECADES LONGER .
8:00 pm : The plane takes off in a timely manner from Los Angeles .
Hooray !
It is evening , and the plane is rather quiet and chill .
I take note of this , rather happily .
I love relaxed flights .
They feel like long , lovely naps .
8:14 pm : You must sense my unusual state of serenity , and begin talking .
And do not stop .
This will start to get annoying , not simply because of your incessant chatting ( which i do n’t mind that much ) , but because of the ear - splitting VOLUME OF YOUR VOICE .
You remind me of Austin Powers immediately after the unfreezing process .
8:21 pm : In theory , I appreciate that you are engaging in animated discourse with the woman next to you , who is obviously a co-worker .
After all , I think that conversation is a lost art .
However , holding true to that metaphor , you are an artist whose chosen medium is feces .
Your canvas is the entire plane .
8:48 pm : I can not help but listen to some of your “ brilliant social media plans ” .
I am now thoroughly depressed on your behalf .
Your coworker , however , is very interested in what you have to say , and clearly does n’t mind the way you are constantly belittling her .
9:12 pm : You inquire about your co-workers salary , only to discover that she outearns you .
The look on your face is priceless , and the belittling stops almost instantly .
9:13 pm : You also seem to have put the breaks on trying to get into her pants .
Perhaps now you will shut up ?
9:14 pm : No .
Apparently , you will not shut up .
9:22 pm : The captain leaves the cockpit to use the lavatory .
Per FAA regulations , one of the flight crew ( a pretty blonde ) stands in the aisle , guarding entry to the front galley , lavatory , and cockpit .
9:23 pm :
In an attempt to be clever , you tell the flight attendant such delightful comments as , “ Watch out ! ” and “ I could take you if I wanted ! ” and the ever - brilliant , “ I ’m gonna make a rush on the cockpit ! ”
The rest of the cabin is quiet , because we are not mongrel idiots .
9:23 pm : I am impressed with the crew ’s ability to gauge that you ’re simply kidding around and not a legitimate threat , though I think a few hours of interrogation by Homeland Security would do you good .
9:23 pm : I wonder if , should I take steps to neutralize you , I will be considered a hero .
9:23 pm :
The flight crew member smiles at you and shakes her head , refusing to reveal the depths of her exasperation , which I will later have the privilege to see the mostly non-verbal conversation she will have with another crew member in the galley .
There will be much eye - rolling and cringing .
You will not be able to see any of it from your seat .
9:40 pm : I fantasize about punching you in the esophagus .
9:57 pm : I think you have caused me permanent ear damage .
Also , I might be becoming dumber .
10:04 pm : BLORG ?
Yup .
Definitely dumber .
10:13 pm : What ’s that ?
You ’re having another drink ?
Well , it could n’t possibly make you more douchey , right ?
10 : 20 pm : Dear god , you ’ve become more douchey .
I ’m fairly sure you ’ve broken some law of physics or something .
10:22 pm :
You continue flirting with the female flight crew members , ( wisely giving up on your co-worker ) because you do n’t realize they ’re being polite because it is part of their job .
You ask where one of the women is from , and when she says “ L.A. ” you comment that she ’s obviously not from Seattle , because Seattle girls are cranky and pasty and mean ( on account of not getting enough sunshine ) .
10:22 pm : I want to tell you that Seattle girls are cranky and pasty and mean ONLY TO D - BAGS LIKE YOU , but instead I quietly sip my water and bore a hole into the bulkhead in front of me with my eyes .
10:24 pm : You strike out with the crew members , and proceed to turn your attention back onto your coworker .
You again mention your extensive knowledge of social media , failing to realize that one of the gentleman behind you ( a colleague of Rand ’s ) is kind of a big deal in the social media / meme world .
Rand and I find this somewhat hysterical .
10:26 pm : I suspect you realize that my husband and I hate you .
1o:28 pm : The captain announces our descent .
When the flight attendant attempts to pick up your drink , you make a big deal of refusing , jokingly .
You are not very funny .
10:43 pm : We ’ve landed .
I wonder , if I kick you in the balls in the airport , as opposed to the plane , will I still be a hero ?
I think yes .
10:45 pm : Your co-worker has trouble with her bag .
You do not help her .
10:52 pm : You disappear into an airport bathroom before I can photograph you .
Later I will create this likeness from memory :
–
And there you are .
The excruciating minutes of our entire flight .
Does it even need to be said ?
Dick Move , 1st class A - hole .
Share this Post
AIDS and the black death : a new PBS documentary connects HIV and the plague through people like Steve Crohn , whose ancestors ' immunity to the black death has made them resistant to HIV .
( television ) .
Page / Link : Page URL : Page URL : HTML link : < a href= " https://www.thefreelibrary.com/AIDS+and+the+black+death%3a+a+new+PBS+documentary+connects+HIV+and+the...-a094079748</a>
HTML link : Citations : MLA style : " AIDS and the black death : a new PBS documentary connects HIV and the plague through people like Steve Crohn , whose ancestors ' immunity to the black death has made them resistant to HIV . ( television ) .. "
The Free Library .
2002 Liberation Publications , Inc. 01 Oct. 2020 " AIDS and the black death : a new PBS documentary connects HIV and the plague through people like Steve Crohn , whose ancestors ' immunity to the black death has made them resistant to HIV . ( television ) .. " .
2002 Liberation Publications , Inc. 01 Oct. 2020 https://www.thefreelibrary.com/AIDS+and+the+black+death%3a+a+new+PBS+documentary+connects+HIV+and+the...-a094079748
Chicago style : The Free Library .
S.v. AIDS and the black death : a new PBS documentary connects HIV and the plague through people like Steve Crohn , whose ancestors ' immunity to the black death has made them resistant to HIV . ( television ) .. "
Retrieved Oct 01 2020 from The Free Library .
S.v. AIDS and the black death : a new PBS documentary connects HIV and the plague through people like Steve Crohn , whose ancestors ' immunity to the black death has made them resistant to HIV . ( television ) .. "
Retrieved Oct 01 2020 from https://www.thefreelibrary.com/AIDS+and+the+black+death%3a+a+new+PBS+documentary+connects+HIV+and+the...-a094079748
APA style : AIDS and the black death : a new PBS documentary connects HIV and the plague through people like Steve Crohn , whose ancestors ' immunity to the black death has made them resistant to HIV .
( television ) .. ( n.d. ) > The Free Library . ( 2014 ) .
Retrieved Oct 01 2020 from AIDS and the black death : a new PBS documentary connects HIV and the plague through people like Steve Crohn , whose ancestors ' immunity to the black death has made them resistant to HIV .
( television ) .. ( n.d. ) > The Free Library . ( 2014 ) .
Retrieved Oct 01 2020 from https://www.thefreelibrary.com/AIDS+and+the+black+death%3a+a+new+PBS+documentary+connects+HIV+and+the...-a094079748
Few people can say with certainty that their ancestors had immunity to the black death that devastated Europe in the Middle Ages .
New Yorker Steve Crohn can .
What 's more , the genes he inherited from those fortunate forebears may have made him largely immune to HIV .
Featured on " Mystery of the Black Death , " the October 30 episode of PBS 's Secrets of the Dead series , Crohn , 55 , is a deep - voiced , no - bullshit freelance editor -- and a survivor from the generation of gay New Yorkers swept away by the earliest wave of AIDS in the 1980s .
Crohn 's lover at the time , Jerry Green , was the fifth person in the United States reported to have died from AIDS complications .
All but a handful of the couple 's friends also succumbed to the scourge .
Crohn says he spent the 1980s waiting for his own demise .
It never came .
tie repeatedly tested HIV - negative .
He eventually learned that he has a genetic mutation called Delta 32 - - a " defective " genotype that prevents his being infected by HIV - 1 , the most common strain of HIV .
It 's not a happenstance that Crohn takes lightly .
" This has a spiritual meaning to me for a couple of reasons , " he reflects .
" I hate people saying ` I feel blessed ' -- I think that sounds so narcissistic .
" Indeed , Crohn 's participation in almost a decade of research into his genetic makeup -- which may help others who do not have the Delta 32 mutation to battle HIV -- has given him a profound sense of meaning .
" It makes one feel like , yeah , you 've been able to make a contribution , " he says .
" In some very small way your life has given something back .
And this may affect the welfare and well - being of millions of people .
" The Secrets of the Dead episode begins not with HIV but by investigating why so many residents of Eyam , England , survived the black death when it hit the remote village in 1665 .
Research by geneticist Stephen O'Brien has traced Crohn 's Delta 32 mutation back hundreds of years to towns like Eyam , where the defensive genetic mutation held off the black death in much the same way it now protects Crohn from HIV .
Today , about 10 % of people of European heritage are estimated to be " Delta 32 - heterozygous , " which means they received the mutation from one parent and may have increased resistance to HIV .
About 1 % of that population , like Crohn , are Delta 32 - homozygous , having inherited the genetic mutation from both parents .
Crohn learned about Delta 32 after he was enrolled in a 1994 Aaron Diamond AIDS Research Center study of a dozen HIV - exposed individuals who remained seronegative over long periods of time .
When Scottish researcher Bill Paxton mixed Crohn 's CD4 immunity cells with HIV in the laboratory , " we could not establish an infection , " Paxton recalls , " even with a high dose of HIV .
This was something we had never seen before and was extremely provocative and exciting .
" Researchers eventually learned that people with the Delta 32 mutation lack a functional gene coding for producing a receptor called CCR5 - - one of two chemical " locks " on the surface of CD4 cells that HIV can penetrate .
The discovery has helped fuel research into drugs that would similarly block infection -- although Paxton points out that HIV 's ability to mutate may render many such drugs ineffective over time .
Crohn himself has long relied not on his theoretical immunity to avoid infection but on safer sex .
" [ Even if ] there 's another strain out there , " he says , " I know I 'm not being that exposed . "
As described in Use Threads Correctly = Isolation + Asynchronous Messages [ 1 ] ) , to use threads well we want to follow these best practices :
Keep data isolated , private to a thread where possible .
Note that this does n't mean using a special facility like thread local storage ; it just means not sharing the thread 's private data by exposing pointers or references to it .
Communicate among threads via asynchronous messages .
Using asynchronous messages lets the threads keep running independently by default unless they really must wait for a result .
Organize each thread 's work around a message pump .
Most threads should spend their lifetime responding to incoming messages , so their mainline should consist of a message pump that dispatches those messages to the message handlers .
Using raw threads directly is trouble for a number of reasons , particularly because raw threads let us do anything and offer no help or automation for these best practices .
So how can we automate them ?
A good answer is to apply and automate the Active Object pattern [ 2 ] .
Active objects dramatically improve our ability to reason about our thread 's code and operation by giving us higher - level abstractions and idioms that raise the semantic level of our program and let us express our intent more directly .
As with all good patterns , we also get better vocabulary to talk about our design .
Note that active objects are n't a novelty : UML and various libraries have provided support for active classes .
Some actor - based languages already have variations of this pattern baked into the language itself ; but fortunately , we are n't limited to using only such languages to get the benefits of active objects .
This article will show how to implement the pattern , including a reusable helper to automate the common parts , in any of the popular mainstream languages and threading environments , including C++ , C#/.NET , Java , and C / Pthreads .
We will go beyond the basic pattern and also tie the active object 's private thread lifetime directly to the lifetime of the active object itself , which will let us leverage rich object lifetime semantics already built into our various languages .
Most of the sample code will be shown in C++ , but can be directly translated into any of the other languages ( for example , destructors in C++ would just be expressed as disposers in C# and Java , local object lifetime in C++ would be expressed with the using statement in C # or the " finally dispose " coding idiom in Java ) .
Active Objects : The Caller 's View
First , let 's look at the basics of how an active object is designed to work .
An active object owns its own private thread , and runs all of its work on that private thread .
Like any object , an active object has private data and methods that can be invoked by callers .
The difference is that when a caller invokes a method , the method call just enqueues a message to the active object and returns to the caller immediately ; method calls on an active object are always nonblocking asynchronous messages .
The active object 's private thread mainline is a message pump that dequeues and executes the messages one at a time on the private thread .
Because the messages are processed sequentially , they are atomic with respect to each other .
And because the object 's private data is only accessed from the private thread , we do n't need to take a mutex lock or perform other synchronization on the private shared state .
Here is an example of the concurrency semantics we want to achieve for calling code :
Active a = new Active ( ) ; a. Func( ) ; // call is nonblocking … more work … // this code can execute in parallel with a .
Func ()
Next , we want to tie the lifetime of the private thread to the lifetime of the active object :
The active object 's constructor starts the thread and the message pump .
The destructor ( or " disposer " in C# and Java ) enqueues a sentinel message behind any messages already waiting in the queue , then joins with the private thread to wait for it to drain the queue and end .
Note that the destructor / disposer is the only call on the active object that is a blocking call from the viewpoint of the caller .
Expressing thread / task lifetimes as object lifetimes in this way lets us exploit existing rich language semantics to express bounded nested work .
For example , in C# or Java , it lets us exploit the usual language support and / or programming idiom for stack - based local lifetimes by writing a using block or the Dispose pattern :
// C# example using ( Active a = new Active ( ) ) { // creates private thread … a.SomeWork ( ) ; // enqueues work … a.MoreWork ( ) ; // enqueues work … } // waits for work to complete and joins with private thread
As another example , in C++ we can also express that a class data member is held by value rather than by pointer or reference , and the language guarantees that the class member 's lifetime is tied to the enclosing object 's lifetime :
The member is constructed when the enclosing object is constructed , and destroyed when the enclosing object is destroyed .
( The same can be done by hand in C # or Java by manually wiring up the outer object 's dispose function to call the inner one 's . )
For example :
// C++ example class Active1 { // outer object Active2 inner ; // embedded member , lifetime implicitly // bound to that of its enclosing object } ; // Calling code void SomeFunction ( ) { Active1 a ; // starts both a's and a.inner 's private threads … } // waits for both a and a.inner to complete
That 's what we want to enable .
Next , let 's consider how to actually write a class with objects that are active and behave in this way .
" A NHTSA spokeswoman declined to comment on the findings , which have n't been released by the agency . "
When The Wall Street Journal reported that crash data obtained by the U.S. Department of Transportation pegged the blame for Toyota 's unintended acceleration on drivers , one line stuck out :
With no official word from the DOT or NHTSA on its findings in the case , the WSJ 's sources have been called into question .
According to an unnamed NHTSA spokeswomen speaking with Just - Auto , " The story was planted by Toyota .
Toyota is the source – yes we know that for definite [ sic ] .
It is [ the ] Toyota PR machine .
We knew they were going to put it out .
" There 's no doubt Toyota is in close contact with the DOT and NHTSA , so there 's a good chance that Toyota has been privy to the findings ahead of their official release .
However , until something official comes down from the Feds , the exact causes of unintended acceleration are n't simply open and shut .
We 're in the process of contacting both NHTSA and Toyota about the story and will update you as more information is collected . :
A NHTSA spokesperson has confirmed that the agency has n't released any information to the WSJ , but declined to comment if Toyota has gained advanced access to the agency 's findings . :
A report by the Detroit Free Press quotes NHTSA Administrator David Strickland as saying that the agency has " several more months of work " to complete before it can definitively come to a conclusion on the cause of unintended acceleration . :
We 've asked Toyota 's National Manager for Environmental , Quality , and Safety Communications , John Hanson , if NHTSA has been supplying information to Toyota on its investigation .
His response : " It 's been a one - way valve [ to NHTSA ] .
We 've been supplying information and sending it to NHTSA .
We are not aware of any study .
We are not aware of any report .
We 've been compiling our own field reports on unintended acceleration and as we investigate them , we send them to NHTSA .
The WSJ report was news to us . " [ Source : Just - Auto
LONDON : Parents who fail to help an obese child eat and exercise properly , ignoring all advice and guidance , could be guilty of neglect , British child health experts say .
Dr Russell Viner and colleagues from the UCL Institute of Child Health , in London , say the weight of a child by itself is not a reason for child protection staff to become involved .
But in an article on what they accept is a potentially contentious issue , published online by the British Medical Journal , they suggest that it may be appropriate to consider the child protection register if the parents consistently fail to change the family 's lifestyle and will not engage with outside help .
'' Parental failure to provide their children with adequate treatment for a chronic illness ( asthma , diabetes , epilepsy , etc ) is a well accepted reason for a child protection registration for neglect , '' the experts write .
'' We suggest that childhood obesity becomes a child protection concern when parents behave in a way that actively promotes treatment failure in a child who is at serious risk from obesity . ''
In a hearing last month , the soldier claimed to have fired at the women 's legs but said he had not intended to kill them .
He maintained that he thought his fellow soldiers ' lives were at risk as the group of about 30 people approached a military post .
WASHINGTON — During a six - hour committee hearing Sunday at McKenzie 's Pub on 14th and G Streets , the U.S. Department of Guys at the Bar issued a scathing report on the state of Tiger Woods ' golf game , declaring the 14 - time major champion " washed up , " his swing " for shit , " and his putting ability " a fucking joke . "
" He 's done , " Assistant Secretary of Guys at the Bar Jake Shroyer said in his closing floor remarks , just before the committee ruled 11 - 0 that all that pussy fucked up Woods ' chances of breaking Jack Nicklaus ' majors record .
" [ Undersecretary of Guys at the Bar Edward ]
Davis over there was like , ' Just wait till he plays St. Andrews .
He fucking tears up St. Andrews . '
What do you think now , Davis ?
He sucks , right ? "
The Department of Guys at the Bar later issued a joint statement with the Department of Dudes Just Hangin '
Out that Elin Nordegren was still hot as shit .
Advertisement
Share this post ...
ED : Part one of Two Faces of an Emerging Energo - fascism is available at Atlantic Free Press here
Petro-Power and the Nuclear Renaissance Two Faces of an Emerging Energo - fascism ( Part 2 )
By Michael T. Klare Not " Islamo - fascism " but " Energo - fascism " -- the heavily militarized global struggle over diminishing supplies of energy -- will dominate world affairs ( and darken the lives of ordinary citizens ) in the decades to come .
This is so because top government officials globally are increasingly unwilling to rely on market forces to satisfy national energy needs and are instead assuming direct responsibility for the procurement , delivery , and allocation of energy supplies .
The leaders of the major powers are ever more prepared to use force when deemed necessary to overcome any resistance to their energy priorities .
In the case of the United States , this has required the conversion of our armed forces into a global oil - protection service ; two other significant expressions of emerging Energo - fascism are : the arrival of Russia as an " energy superpower " and the repressive implications of plans to rely on nuclear power .
Energy Haves and Have - nots
With global demand for energy constantly rising and supplies contracting ( or at least failing to keep pace ) , the world is being ever more sharply divided into two classes of nations : the energy haves and have - nots .
The haves are the nations with sufficient domestic reserves ( some combination of oil , gas , coal , hydro - power , uranium , and alternative sources of energy ) to satisfy their own requirements and be able to export to other countries ; the have - nots lack such reserves and must make up the deficit with expensive imports or suffer the consequences .
From 1950 to 2000 , when energy was plentiful and cheap , the distinction did not seem so obvious as long as the have - nots possessed other forms of power : immense wealth ( like Japan ) ; nuclear weapons ( like Britain and France ) ; or powerful friends ( like the NATO and Warsaw Pact countries ) .
Needless to say , for poor countries possessing none of these assets , being a have - not state was a burden even then , contributing mightily to the debt crisis that still afflicts many of them .
Today , these other measures of power have come to seem less important and the distinction between energy haves and have - nots correspondingly more significant -- even for wealthy and powerful countries like the United States and Japan .
Surprisingly , there are very few energy haves in the world today .
Most notable among these privileged few are Australia , Canada , Iran , Kazakhstan , Kuwait , Nigeria , Qatar , Russia , Saudi Arabia , Venezuela , Iran , Iraq ( if it were ever free of conflict ) , and a few others .
These countries are in an envious position because they do not have to pay stratospheric prices for imported oil and natural gas and their ruling elites can demand all sorts of benefits -- political , economic , diplomatic , and military -- from the foreign leaders who come calling to procure copious quantities of their energy products .
Indeed , they can engage in the delicious game of playing one foreign leader against another , as Kazakhstan 's President , Nursultan Nazarbayev -- a regular guest in Washington and Beijing -- has become so adept at doing .
Pushed even further , this pursuit of favors can lead to a quest for political domination -- with the sale of vital oil and natural gas supplies made contingent on the recipient 's acquiescing to certain political demands set forth by the seller .
No country has embraced this strategy with greater vigor or enthusiasm than Vladimir Putin 's Russia .
The Rising Energy Superpower
At the end of the Cold War , it appeared as if Russia was a forlorn , wasted ex-superpower , impoverished in spirit , treasure , and influence .
For years , it was treated with disdain by American officials .
Its leaders were forced to swallow humiliating agreements like the expansion of NATO to Moscow 's former satellites in Eastern Europe and the abrogation of the Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty .
To many in Washington , it must have seemed as if Russia was little more than a relic of history , a has - been never again slated to play a significant role in world affairs .
Today , Moscow , not Washington , seems to be enjoying the last laugh .
With control over Eurasia 's largest reserves of natural gas and coal as well as enormous supplies of petroleum and uranium , Russia is the new top dog -- an energy superpower rather than a military one , but a superpower nonetheless .
First , a look at the big picture .
Russia is the absolute king of natural gas producers .
According to BP ( the former British Petroleum ) , it alone possesses 1.7 quadrillion cubic feet of proven gas reserves , or 27 % of the total world supply .
This is even more significant than it might appear because Europe and the former USSR rely on natural gas for a larger share of their total energy -- 34 % -- than any other region of the world .
( In North America , where oil is the dominant fuel , natural gas accounts for only 25 % of the total . )
Because Russia is by far the leading supplier of Eurasia 's gas , it enjoys a position of supply dominance unmatched by any energy provider -- except Saudi Arabia in the petroleum field .
Even in that realm , Russia is the planet 's second leading producer , falling just 1.4 million barrels short of Saudi Arabia 's 11.0 million barrels per day at the start of 2006 .
Russia also possesses the world 's second largest reserves of coal ( after the United States ) and is a major consumer of nuclear energy , with 31 operational reactors .
Soon after assuming power as president in 1999 , Vladimir Putin set out to convert this superabundance of energy -- the economic equivalent of a nuclear arsenal -- into the sort of political clout that would restore Russia 's great - power status .
By controlling the flow of energy to other parts of Eurasia from Russia and former Soviet republics like Kazakhstan and Turkmenistan ( whose energy is exported through Russian pipelines ) , he reasoned , he could exercise the sort of political influence enjoyed by Soviet officials during the heyday of the Cold War .
To accomplish this , however , he would have to reverse the wide - ranging privatization of the oil and gas industry that occurred in the early 1990s after the breakup of the USSR and bring vital elements of Russia 's privately - owned energy industry back under state control .
Since there was no legitimate way to do this under Russia 's post - Communist legal system , Putin and his associates turned to illegitimate and authoritarian methods to de-privatize these valuable assets .
Here , we see another emerging face of Energo - fascism .
Remarkably , Putin himself had long before spelled out the rationale for concentrating control over Russia 's energy resources in the state 's hands .
In a 1999 summary of his Ph.D. dissertation on " Mineral Raw Materials in the Strategy for Development of the Russian Economy , " he asserted that the Russian state must oversee the utilization of the country 's mineral raw materials -- including oil fields in private hands -- for the good of the Russian people .
" The state has the right to regulate the process of the acquisition and the use of natural resources , and particularly mineral resources , independent of on whose property they are located , " he wrote .
" In this regard , the state acts in the interests of society as a whole . "
No better justification for Energo - fascism can be imagined .
The most famous expression of this outlook has been the so - called Khodorkovsky Affair .
In 2003 , Mikhail Khodorkovsky , the CEO of Yukos , then Russia 's top oil producer , was arrested on fraud and tax - evasion charges .
He had run afoul of Putin by pursuing all sorts of energy deals independent of the state , including possible joint ventures with Exxon Mobil , and by supporting anti-Putin political forces inside Russia -- either of which would have alone been sufficient to earn him the Kremlin 's wrath .
However , it is now apparent that Putin 's ultimate goal in engineering the arrest was to seize control of Yuganskneftegaz , Yukos ' prime asset , accounting for about 11 % of Russia 's oil output .
With Khodorkovsky and his top associates in prison awaiting trial , the government auctioned Yuganskneftegaz to a secretive shell company , which then resold it to state - owned Rosneft at a below - market price .
In one fell swoop , Putin had managed to dismember Yukos and turn Rosneft into the country 's leading oil producer .
The Russian president has also sought to extend state control over the distribution and export of oil and gas by blocking any effort by private firms to build pipelines that would compete with those owned and operated by Gazprom , the state - owned natural gas monopoly , and Transneft , the state oil - pipeline monopoly .
The United States and other consuming nations have long pushed for the construction of privatized oil and gas pipelines in Russia to increase the outflow of energy to Europe and other foreign markets as well as to dilute the power of Gazprom and Transneft .
The Kremlin has , however , systematically foreclosed all such efforts .
If the concentration of ownership of energy assets in the state 's hands through legally dubious means is one dimension of emerging Energo - fascism in Russia , a second is the utilization of this power to intimidate have - not states on Russia 's periphery .
The most notable expression of this to date was the cutoff of natural gas supplies to Ukraine on January 1 , 2006 .
Ostensibly , Gazprom stopped the flow in a dispute over the pricing of Russian gas , but most observers believe that the action was also intended as a rebuke to Ukraine 's Western - leaning president , Victor A. Yushchenko .
Remember , this was in the dead of winter , and natural gas is the main source of heat in Ukraine , as in much of Eastern Europe and the former USSR .
Gazprom resumed the flow after a last - minute pricing compromise and following vociferous complaints from Western European customers who were suffering their own losses ( as the Ukrainians diverted Europe - bound gas for their own use ) .
This was the moment when it became clear to all that Moscow was fully prepared to open and close the energy spigot as a tool of foreign policy .
Since then , Moscow has employed this tactic on several occasions to intimidate other neighboring states in what it terms its " near abroad " ( as the U.S. used to speak of Latin America as its " backyard " ) .
On July 29 , 2006 , claiming a leak , Transneft halted oil shipments to the Mazeikiu refinery in Lithuania after its owners announced its sale to a Polish firm , not a Russian one .
Observers of the move speculate that Russians officials intended to force a Russian takeover of the refinery .
In November , Gazprom threatened to more than double the price of natural gas to its former Georgian SSR from $ 110 to $ 230 per 1,000 cubic meters .
The alternative offered was a cessation of deliveries .
Again , political pressure was believed to be at least part of the motive as Georgia 's pro-Western government has defied Moscow on a wide range of issues .
In December , Gazprom pulled the same sort of trick on Belarus , demanding a major readjustment of prices from a close ( and impoverished ) ally that had recently been showing mild signs of independence .
This , then , is another face of Energo - fascism in Russia : the use of its energy as an instrument of political influence and coercion over weak have - not states on its borders .
" It is not that energy is the new atomic weapon , " Cliff Kupchan of the Eurasia Group consultancy told the Financial Times , " but Russia knows that petro-power , aggressively and cleverly applied , can yield diplomatic influence . "
Big Brother and the Nuclear Renaissance
The last face of Energo - fascism to be discussed here is the inevitable rise in state surveillance and repression attendant on an expected increase in nuclear power .
As oil and natural gas become scarcer , government and industry leaders will undoubtedly push for a greater reliance on nuclear power to provide additional energy .
This is a program likely to gain greater momentum from rising concerns over global warming -- largely a result of carbon - dioxide emissions created during the combustion of oil , gas , and coal .
President Bush has repeatedly spoken of his desire to foster greater reliance on nuclear power and the administration - backed Energy Policy
Act of 2005 already provides a variety of incentives for electrical utilities to build new reactors in the United States .
Other countries including France , China , Japan , Russia , and India also plan to up their reliance on nuclear power , greatly adding to the global spread of nuclear reactors .
Many problems stand in the way of this so - called renaissance , not least the mammoth costs involved and the fact that no safe system has yet been devised for the long - term storage of nuclear wastes .
Furthermore , despite many improvements in the safety of nuclear power plants , worries persist about the risk of nuclear accidents such as those that occurred at Three Mile Island in 1979 and Chernobyl in 1986 .
But this is not the place to weigh these issues .
Let me instead focus on two especially worrisome aspects of the future growth of the nuclear power industry : the possible federalization of nuclear reactor placement in the U.S. and the repressive implications globally of the greater availability of nuclear materials open to diversion to terrorists , criminals , and " rogue " states .
Currently , America 's municipalities , counties , and states still exercise considerable control over the issuance of permits for the construction of new nuclear power plants , giving citizens in these jurisdictions considerable opportunity to resist the placement of a reactor " in their backyard . "
For decades , this has been one of the leading obstacles to the construction of new reactors in the U.S. , along with the costly and time - consuming legal process involved in winning over state legislatures , county boards , and environmental agencies .
If this practice prevails , we are never likely to see a true " renaissance " of nuclear power here , even if a few new reactors are built in poor rural areas where citizen resistance is minimal .
The only way to increase reliance on nuclear power , therefore , is to federalize the permit process by shunting local agencies aside and giving federal bureaucrats the unfettered power to issue permits for the construction of new reactors .
Unlikely , you say ?
Well consider this :
The Energy Policy Act of 2005 established a significant precedent for the federalization of such authority by depriving state and local officials of their power to approve the placement of natural gas " regasification " plants .
These are mammoth facilities used to reconvert liquified natural gas , transported by ship from foreign suppliers , into a gas that can then be delivered by pipeline to customers in the United States .
Several localities on the East and West coasts had fought the construction of such plants in their harbors for fear that they might explode ( not an entirely far - fetched concern ) or become targets for terrorists , but they have now lost their legal power to do so .
So much for local democracy .
Here 's my worry :
That some future administration will push through an amendment to the Energy Policy
Act giving the federal government the same sort of placement authority for nuclear reactors that it now has for regasification plants .
The feds then announce plans to build dozens or even hundreds of new reactors in or near places like Boston , New York , Chicago , San Francisco , Los Angeles , Denver , and so on , claiming an urgent need for additional energy .
People protest en masse .
Local officials , sympathetic to the protestors , refuse to arrest them in droves .
But now we 're speaking of defiance of federal , not state or municipal , ordinances .
Ergo , the National Guard or the regular Army is called up to quell the protests and protect the reactor sites -- Energo - fascism in action .
Finally , there 's another danger in the spread of nuclear power : that it will require a systematic increase in state surveillance of everyone even remotely connected with commercial nuclear energy .
After all , every uranium enrichment facility , nuclear reactor , and waste storage site -- and any of the linkages between them -- is a potential source of fissionable materials for terrorists , black - market traffickers , or rogue states like Iran and North Korea .
This means , of course , that all of the personnel employed in these facilities , and all their contractors and sub- contractors ( and all their families and contacts ) will have to be constantly vetted for possible illicit ties and kept under strict , full - time surveillance .
The more reactors there are , the more facilities and contractors who will have to be subjected to this sort of oversight -- and the more the security staff itself will have to be subjected to ever higher levels of surveillance by state security agencies .
It 's a formula for Big Brother on a very large scale .
And then there 's the special problem of " breeder reactors . "
These plants produce ( " breed " ) more fissionable material than they consume , often in the form of plutonium , which can , in turn , be burned in power reactors to generate electricity but can also be used as the fuel for atomic weapons .
Although such reactors are currently banned in the United States , other countries , including Japan , are building them so as to diminish their reliance on fossil fuels and natural uranium , itself a finite resource .
As the demand for nuclear energy grows , more countries ( even , possibly , the USA ) are bound to build breeder reactors .
But this will vastly increase the global supply of bomb - grade plutonium , requiring an even greater increase in state supervision of the nuclear power industry in all its aspects .
The State 's Iron Grip
All the phenomena discussed in this two - part series -- the transformation of the U.S. military into a global oil - protection service , the growth of the energy equivalent of a major - power arms race , the emergence of Russia as an energy superpower , and the need for increased surveillance over the nuclear power industry -- are expressions of a single , overarching trend : the tendency of states to extend their control over every aspect of energy production , procurement , transportation , and allocation .
This , in turn , is a response to the depletion of world energy supplies and a shift in the locus of energy production from the global north to the global south -- developments that have been under way for some time , but are bound to gain greater momentum in the years ahead .
Many concerned citizens and organizations -- the Apollo Alliance , the Rocky Mountain Institute , and the Worldwatch Institute , to name but a few -- are trying to develop sane , democratic responses to the problems brought about by energy depletion , instability in energy - producing areas , and global warming .
Most government leaders , however , appear intent on addressing these problems through increased state controls and a greater reliance on the use of military force .
Unless this tendency is resisted , Energo - fascism could be our future .
Michael T. Klare is a professor of peace and world security studies at Hampshire College and the author of Blood and Oil : The Dangers and Consequences of America 's Growing Dependence on Imported Petroleum ( Owl Books ) .
[ Note : For the last two weeks , Tomdispatch has focused special attention on the Pentagon and militarization - related pieces .
At the end of this month , Chalmers Johnson will return to this website with a capstone piece for this series on militarization and the fate of our republic .
Look for it . ]
Copyright 2007 Michael T. Klare
Copyright 2007 Michael T. Klare
Share this post ...
For the last two weeks , Tomdispatch has been concentrating on the way Pentagon strategists have taken possession of our future and are writing their own dystopian science fiction scenarios about the world we are soon to enter -- and the weapons systems that are meant to go with it .
Five years ago , Michael Klare , a military and energy expert , wrote a prophetic book , Resource Wars : The New Landscape of Global Conflict .
Its title caught the embattled nature of our emerging resource future moment better than any Pentagon fantasy .
His most recent book , Blood and Oil : The Dangers and Consequences of America 's Growing Dependence on Imported Petroleum , was no less on the mark .
Now , for Tomdispatch , he continues to peer ahead in the second of a two - part series on our militarized energy future .
While the Bush administration and its neocon supporters have long been offering up a vision of a vast imperial enemy - in - the - making that they call " Islamo - fascism , " Klare , in part 1 , discovered quite another , more realistic and chilling set of possibilities that he dubbed " Energo - fascism " -- or the militarization of the global struggle over ever - diminishing supplies of energy .
There , he focused on the Pentagon 's changing role in global energy politics .
Now , he moves on to energy blackmail in a great - power world and the Big - Brother - style dangers of making nuclear power a major future alternative source of energy .
Tom
Enthüllung brisanter Kriegsdokumente Die Afghanistan - Protokolle
Das gab es noch nie : Fast 92.000 US - Dokumente über den Afghanistan - Krieg sind an die Öffentlichkeit gelangt .
SPIEGEL , " New York Times " und " Guardian " haben die überwiegend geheimen Papiere analysiert .
Sie enthüllen die wahre Dimension des westlichen Militäreinsatzes - und Probleme der Bundeswehr .
Kurt Wenner ’s anamorphic street painting .
Kurt Wenner is an artist that employs the technique known as anamorphic or illusionistic street painting , which gives the illusion of depth when viewed from certain perspectives .
His three - dimensional paintings seem to rise from into the ground .
Kurt Wenner attended Rhode Island School of Design and Art Center College of Design before working for NASA as an advanced scientific space illustrator .
Wenner eventually left NASA for Italy in order to pursue his love of classical art .
Wenner invented an art form all his own that has come to be known as anamorphic or illusionistic street painting .
The form of perspective known as anamorphism was used by the great European Masters to give the illusion of soaring architecture and floating figures in ceiling frescoes .
Wenner adjusted this geometry to create compositions that seemed to rise from and fall into the ground .
In anamorphic perspective , painted forms appear as three - dimensional when viewed from one point in space .
Wenner created a special pictorial geometry that corrected the specific distortion caused by viewing his large images at an oblique angle .
His work has been featured on numbers of newspaper and magazine articles , television spots , ads , and documentaries .
Any work of figurative art , even a picture in a frame , employs some illusion .
The two major types of illusion are : conventional and optical .
A framed picture is a conventional illusion .
The viewer can choose to see the frame as a window , a starting point from which to visually enter the painted world .
This is referred to as “ a willing suspension of disbelief . ”
The frame can also be a border , safely separating the real world from the imaginary .
The viewer recognizes the work as a painting on a wall long before looking at the subject .
Optical illusions blur the distinction between the real and the imaginary , literally fooling the viewer ( trompe l’oeil ) .
I juxtapose both types of illusion in my work .
In photographs of my street paintings , the art can appear as “ real ” as the audience .
I use the photograph’s “ objective documentation ” to question if the contemporary world is really more substantial than the worlds of history and imagination .
Although I employ an arsenal of visual tools to create illusion , the classical language of form is the most vital .
Classicism is vastly superior to other forms of realism for the creation of illusion , as it is based on human perception .
Every stroke has the purpose of communicating form and space to the viewer .
While stylistic references may tie a work to the 1400’s , Renaissance , or Baroque , illusionism brings it into the present by creating an optical and geometrical link to the contemporary surroundings .
Wenner ’s illusionism along with the success of the National Geographic documentary inspired many communities to create their own street painting festivals .
Wenner worked with the organizers of the first festivals to prepare the surface and materials , as well as train artists .
Today there are dozens of street painting festivals in the USA and throughout the world that attract thousands of professional and amateur artists , as well as children .
Millions of spectators have now had the opportunity to see a live street painting event , or one broadcast on local and national television .
When Pope John Paul II arrived in Mantua , Italy , Wenner was commissioned to create an original composition for a 15 ’ x 75 ’ street painting based on the Last Judgment .
Under Wenner ’s direction , thirty of Europe ’s best street painters worked 10 days to create the work .
The Pope signed the mural , officially recognizing street painting as an official form of Sacred Art .
Street painting festivals seem to fill a great need for the artists and the public .
The artists are able to set aside their fears and self - doubt and share the process of creating a work with the public .
The public is delighted to see the process and have it accessible .
For decades artists have exhibited finished works in art galleries .
Art galleries model themselves after museums and present art in a finished form , completely removed from the artist and studio .
Although they seek to give importance to the work by this association , they often create a wall between the public and the artist .
In other centuries artists have had a more direct link to their public and appear to have benefited from this .
Via Kurt Wenner and phombo
Former Democratic Party Chairman Howard Dean said Sunday that the ethical charges against Rep. Charles Rangel are the kind of thing that could get him " thrown out of Congress . "
The New York Democrat was charged by a House investigative committee Thursday with multiple ethics violations .
Rangel was defiant after the charges were announced , saying he welcomes the opportunity to tell his side of the story and ridiculing a reporter who asked whether he was concerned about losing his job .
But Dean , speaking on " Fox News Sunday , " said that while Rangel is owed a " fair process , " Rangel may have a job security issue .
" This process has to work , and I 'm proud to say the process is working , " Dean said .
" He did some things that look like they ought to get him thrown out of Congress , and if it turns out that he did them , he 's going to get thrown out of Congress .
And I think that 's the way the process is supposed to work . "
Those charges were not immediately specified , but the ethics probe has focused on a litany of issues .
Investigators focused on whether he improperly used official stationery to raise money for a center bearing his name at City College of New York ; whether he improperly used four rent - controlled apartments in New York City ; whether he knowingly failed to report hundreds of thousands of dollars in assets ; and other questions .
More On This ... Gingrich for President ?
Former DNC Chairman Gives His Approval
The timing of the investigation means Rangel will likely face trial at the height of campaign season , an unwelcome development for Democrats already facing voter angst .
Republicans were quick to use the Rangel investigation against his party -- House Minority Leader John Boehner said the announcement was a reminder of Democrats ' " most glaring broken promise " to clean up corruption in Washington .
Rev. Jesse Jackson , though , said on " Fox News Sunday " that the ensuing months " may not be a spectacle . "
Jackson , voicing respect for Rangel 's contributions over his 40 years in Congress , noted that Rangel claims he 's innocent and " may want to go through the due process route . "
A Timeline
1903
Binney & Smith Co. introduces the first Crayola Crayons .
There are 8 colors in a box :
black blue brown green orange red violet yellow
1949
There are 40 colors added :
apricot bittersweet blue green blue violet brick red burnt sienna carnation pink cornflower flesh1 gold gray green blue green yellow lemon yellow magenta mahogany maize maroon melon olive green orange red orange yellow orchid periwinkle pine green Prussian blue2 red orange red violet salmon sea green silver spring green tan thistle turquoise blue violet blue violet red white yellow green yellow orange 1 .
Name changed to “ peach ” in 1962 .
2 . Name changed to “ midnight blue ” in 1958 .
There are now 48 colors in the biggest box of Crayola Crayons .
1958
There are 16 colors added :
aquamarine blue gray burnt orange cadet blue copper forest green goldenrod Indian red1 lavender mulberry navy blue plum raw sienna raw umber sepia sky blue 1 .
Name changed to “ chestnut ” in 1999 .
There are now 64 colors in the biggest box of Crayola Crayons .
For the first time , the big box comes with a built - in sharpener .
In response to educators ' requests , “ Prussian blue ” is renamed “ midnight blue . ”
Teachers felt that children were no longer familiar enough with Prussian history to recognize that this crayon color referred to the famous deep - blue uniforms of Prussian soldiers .
1962
Partly in response to the civil rights movement , Crayola decides to change the name of the “ flesh ” crayon to “ peach . ”
Renaming this crayon was a way of recognizing that skin comes in a variety of shades .
1972
There are 8 fluorescent colors added :
chartreuse hot magenta ultra blue ultra green ultra orange ultra pink ultra red ultra yellow In 1990 these were renamed :
atomic tangerine blizzard blue hot magenta laser lemon outrageous orange screamin ' green shocking pink wild watermelon
There are now 72 colors in the biggest box of Crayola Crayons .
1990
There are 16 colors added :
cerulean dandelion electric lime fuchsia jungle green magic mint neon carrot purple pizzazz radical red razzle dazzle rose royal purple sunglow teal blue unmellow yellow wild strawberry vivid tangerine
There are 8 colors retired :
blue gray green blue lemon yellow maize orange red orange yellow raw umber violet blue
There are now 80 colors in the biggest box of Crayola Crayons .
Crayola felt that the retired colors ( and their names ) were too dull to appeal to children today .
1993
There are 16 colors added :
asparagus cerise denim granny smith apple macaroni and cheese mauvelous pacific blue purple mountain 's majesty razzmatazz robin's egg blue shamrock tickle me pink timber wolf tropical rain forest tumbleweed wisteria
There are now 96 colors in the biggest box of Crayola Crayons .
Crayon lovers chose the 16 newest color names through Crayola 's “ Name the New Color Contest , ” part of the company 's 90th anniversary celebration .
1998
There are 24 colors added :
almond antique brass banana mania beaver blue bell brink pink canary Caribbean green cotton candy cranberry desert sand eggplant fern fuzzy wuzzy brown manatee mountain meadow outer space pig pink pink flamingo purple heart shadow sunset orange torch red vivid violet
There are now 120 colors in the biggest box of Crayola Crayons .
1999
In response to educators ' requests , “ Indian red ” is renamed “ chestnut . ”
Contrary to popular belief , the original name of this color was not meant to represent the skin color of Native Americans .
Instead , the name referred to a reddish pigment from India that was often used in oil paints .
The new name was the winner of a contest that attracted more than 250,000 entries .
Other ideas for renaming the color included “ crab claw red , ” “ mars red , ” “ baseball mitt , ” “ red clay , ” and “ old penny . ”
2000
Thistle was removed and replaced by indigo ; torch red was given a new name , scarlet .
A number of small “ specialty sets ” of Crayola Crayons are available .
These include glitter crayons , pearl brite crayons , and techno - brite crayons .
2003
There are 4 colors added :
inch worm jazzberry jam mango tango wild blue yonder
And 4 colors are retired :
blizzard blue magic mint mulberry teal blue
To mark Crayola 's 100th anniversary , crayon users named four new colors and voted out four other shades .
This video , by artist Isao Hashimoto , charts every nuclear detonation from the US 's tests in 1945 to the modern era .
Even if you 're versed in history , it still offers a perspective that 's tough to entirely grasp in numbers alone .
Advertisement
The pacing , mixed with an Atari-esque soundtrack is both distancing and hypnotic .
As more and more countries gain nuclear technologies , the map becomes a terrifying game of Simon .
By the end , it feels remarkable that we never encountered a game over ... as of yet .
[ CTBO via Discover ]
esslli2008
Composing meanings as programs
This wiki page is for Chung - chieh Shan ’s course at the 2008 European Summer School in Logic , Language , and Information , in Hamburg , Germany .
It is an advanced course on language and logic in week 1 ( August 4 –8 ) at 9:15 –10:45 am .
Abstract
The meaning of expressions can be characterized either denotationally , by mapping them to a separate domain of values , or operationally , by mapping them to themselves .
Drawing on a tight link between denotation and operation in programming languages , a growing literature in natural language semantics proposes dynamic accounts for various linguistic phenomena .
This course surveys these accounts , with emphasis on two themes : first , the correspondence between notions of context and cases of apparent noncompositionality ; second , building computational intuition through suggested lab exercises .
Course reader
PDF ( 1MB ) , posted on 2008 - 06 - 12 .
Revised and tentative schedule
Today phoronix published an article called “ The Cost of Running Compiz “ .
While the content in the article is mostly true , and likely points out the obvious , I should probably clarify a few things before my inbox fills up with ( n readers * ~ 8 ) mails telling me that compiz is slow and I need to fix it .
The article basically tests the performance of applications while they are being run as redirected windows .
What does that mean ?
Well , for the better part of the year , pretty much 95 % of graphics hardware has some support for what we call “ redirected direct rendering ” , both through open source and proprietary drivers .
NVIDIA was the first to get this feature , and then most of the other drivers picked it up last year .
Historically speaking , graphics drivers pre Mac OS X , pre Vista and pre TTM / GEM had onboard video memory which was used to draw the screen .
This video memory usually contained a huge block which was basically just the contents of what the next screen redraw was going to be , then come next refresh , that is what ends up on the screen , and applications automatically draw to the other huge block .
This approach is quite primitive , but it worked – it was much like the time when pre-x86 computers had no such thing as multi-tasking and everyone had the same access to all the memory .
Have two applications run at the same time , and if they were n’t careful , then the whole thing just turned to crap as one application just dumped new data over whatever another application was just doing .
The same thing also happened for video memory .
As soon as you had two applications running at the same time , it was perfectly possible for one to just dump whatever it was doing on top of whatever another application was doing .
And for that , you generally end up with this fail :
Obviously you do n’t want that .
But for the applications , and performance reasons it ’s great !
This is because each application will get full access to the video display and so once you ’ve written to this huge block of memory , you are guaranteed to get a place on the screen ( unless some other application writes on top of you ) and there are no extra steps required .
Of course , to the user , this makes pretty much everything drawing directly to the framebuffer ( like opengl ) pretty much unusable , because you are essentially multitasking compiz which might as well be a full screen 3D application and your other opengl application with no sort of memory management .
So they ’ll just fight .
All the time .
There are similar problems with other compositors on linux and also compositors on operating systems which did n’t have driver supported memory management at the time ( Windows XP , Mac OS 9 etc ) .
Which is why the graphics frameworks were rewritten for Vista and Mac OS X .
And also the reason why we rewrote them too .
So now , for your applications , the steps for getting on - screen are a little bit more .
You do n’t have access to the big framebuffer anymore where you can just dump your drawing and forget about it .
Now , you ask for a particular size of buffer , and the graphics driver gives you your own private buffer for you to dump your applications ’ contents into to your hearts content without the worry that some other application will go ahead and overwrite it .
The problem is : how do we get this on screen ?
Well , you could do it in - driver so that the applications ’ output are dumped onto the big screen buffer again .
For that you get a performance hit due to the overhead of copying buffers around , and this :
So the idea was – why not just expose those buffers to the compositing manager and they can just draw them to their buffer like a regular 2D object .
And so that is what we do !
The buffer is exposed to us as a pixmap , we then bind that pixmap content to an OpenGL texture through our magic and then we just draw that texture on screen .
So how does this affect benchmarks ?
Well first of all , any in application that displays a refresh rate , that refresh rate is never going to be accurate , since you really need to measure the net refresh rate of everything going on in your screen .
The system is going to be slowest at it ’s slowest point .
This means that the only meaningful refresh rate is compiz ’ refresh rate , since that is how fast the total compiz buffer which includes everything in the other applications ’ buffers is getting shoved on screen .
( Of course , at that point , we get into how fast your monitor is , and this is usually 60 FPS in any case , but we wo n’t get into that . )
When running without compiz , your application just gets blitted to the screen and THEN you can somewhat accurately tell how fast or slow things are running .
Secondly , there is always going to be semi- significant overhead when you have to do additional transforms on what an application has just drawn to get it on screen .
The good thing is that the open drivers have largely mitigated this problem and optimized the drivers a LOT to reduce the performance hit .
If this were all done in software , we ’d be stuck back in the days of XGL where we had really really really slow 3D performance since it was all done in software .
So in essence , phoronix is just pointing out the programmatically obvious .
More operations = slower .
Thirdly , you might notice that our friend the NVIDIA driver seems to take massive performance hits when running with a compositor .
This is because they have their own implementation of pixmap to texture binding as well as redirected direct rendering and memory management .
Unfortunately , probably because of the code paths that are shared between all operating systems or their preference towards windows drivers , their texture binding is quite slow ( slow resize ) and their RDR is slow too .
As phoronix helpfully pointed out , and what may have actually given them somewhat more balanced numbers , we ’ve actually had an in - core workaround for this initiated with the “ –loose - binding ” switch , which only binds textures once they are activated .
It does not follow the OpenGL GLX_EXT_texture_from_pixmap specification , which is why we do not use it by default .
In Compiz 0.9 , onestone introduced a new method of pixmap to texture binding , which does have a minor ( 2 % ~ ) tradeoff in performance for NVIDIA compated to –loose - binding , but is now the default because it follows the specification .
Our recommendation : Use nouveau .
Compistors on most operating systems have had an option now to disable compositing when you are running a full screen application and they deserve the entire screen buffer .
We have * semi * supported this for a while with the “ Unredirect Fullscreen Windows ” option , which disables the redirected rendering path for fullscreen windows .
Now that composite and opengl plugins are separate , we will soon be able to just unload the opengl plugin on a fullscreen game so there is no compositing whatsoever .
This is what Windows and KWin already do .
tl ;dr :
The phoronix benchmarks point out the obvious and you have a choice between horrible rendering glitches or a slight performance hit .
It will be the first of several massive wind farms which are larger than 500MW each ( meaning they can produce close to 2 TWh of electricity per year ) , and a price tag in the EUR 1.5 - 2 billion range .
That price can be split roughly in 3 similar - sized bits , being ( i ) the turbines , ( ii ) the marine construction work , including the foundations , and ( iii ) the rest , including development costs , electrical equipment ( high voltage transformer station and cables ) and , if relevant , financing costs .
The size of the different fractions can vary depending on the distance to shore , water depth , site conditions and regulatory framework ( in Germany , for instance , you do n't need to build the high voltage export cable as this has to be taken care of by the grid operator ) .
: : ::
Construction typically starts with installation of the foundations , laying of the intra-array cables , and installation of the foundations .
The offshore transformer station and main export cable are independent tasks which are typically done as early as possible as their absence prevents the operation of the wind farm - but these are " long lead items " - ie it takes time to order them and build them .
: : ::
Offshore transformer station
In this case , the project is so vast that it has 2 transformer platforms and 3 export cables .
Here 's one of the platforms .
It is roughly 30 meters by 30 meters by 30 meters :
: : ::
Foundations
Today , almost all of the foundations - the parts of the structure that are hammered , or anchored on the sea floor and carry the turbines - have been installed , as have most of the " transition pieces " - the intermediate part of the structure which sits between the foundation and the turbine , ensuring that the bit where the turbines are built is perfectly horizontal , and including the boat landing , cable tubes and sometimes some of the electrical equipment .
Here are some of the foundations with nothing on top :
( In the back , you can see the foundation laying vessel , a huge boat , but we were not allowed to approach , as it was engaged in manoeuvring with its anchors and the security distance was quite large )
Here 's a transition piece :
: : ::
The turbines
And the same with the turbines on top :
Most of the turbines were still in the storage area at the port :
You can see the bottom part of the towers on the right , and nacelles on the left .
Blades are also on site , but not visible on that picture
: : ::
As the first picture above suggests , a few of the turbines have been erected already , which means that there was activity across the different tasks on the wind farm , allowing it to see various bits of the construction .
What is striking is the number of vessels engaged in work on such a wind farm ; beyond a number of smaller crew vessels and various tug boats ( not shown here ) , here 's a sample .
Hotel boat
A hotel vessel for the construction crews , located on the edge of the wind farm .
Workers typically spend 2 or 3 weeks in a row over there .
With the site 20 miles from shore , you can save 3 hours of transfer per day for workers - plus they are not woozy or seasick when they get to their tasks ...
It 's like a cruise ship , except that there is no alcohol on board ...
Transport vessel
>
This is a simple transport vessel , bringing the turbines from Denmark to the staging port .
You can see the two tower sections ( the bottom one is vertical , the second one is horizontal ) and blades .
I would guess the nacelles are transported by a separate boat .
Cable laying vessel
And here is a cable laying vessel .
Notice the platform on the front of the boat , which can carry several kilometers of rolled up cable ( in that case , the boat was not doing any installation ) :
With turbines typically situated 500 - 800 meters from each other ( with larger distances in the prevailing wind directions , to limit wake effects ) , you typically need more internal cabling than export cable , and you need to know exactly where you put these cables , to avoid any damage ( in a famous incident in an earlier wind farm , one of the vessels installing turbines jacked up through one of the cables , damaging it ... )
: : ::
Installation vessels
The project was using at least 3 jack - ups at that point .
Jackups are boats which are able to " stand " on the seafloor thanks to retractable legs which can be lowered to the seabed and carry the boat .
Their usefulness is constrained , naturally , by the size of their legs ( which limits the water depths they can be used in ) and their carrying capacity , both in terms of useful loading area on board and of the capacity of their crane (s ) .
The jackups used by the project were quite different :
The first one was a simple barge with no means of propulsion : it needs to be tugged to site .
It was on its way to the construction site .
We overtook it when we went there ourselves , and it still had n't arrived when we left : the trip requires roughly 6 hours for such a barge .
It can carry 3 full turbines :
As you can note , the tower sections have been pre-assembled onshore .
Any work which can be done onshore is a huge time and cost saver as things are always more complicated offshore .
In this case , blades must be installed individually .
The second jackup is a self - propelled vessel ( ie it can move with its own engines ) ; it can carry 2 turbine sets .
It has strong lifting capacity , but the positioning of the crane between the legs makes it more difficult to load the blades onto the vessel in the harbor .
A third jackup vessel was available ; note how the cranes are located on the " legs , " giving them a lot more freedom to move .
However that boat is also relatively small .
: : ::
There have been two philosophies to build offshore wind farms : consider that it is a wind farm project that happens to be offshore , or consider that it is marine construction work which happens to include wind turbines .
In either case , construction has been complicated until recently by the lack of adequate vessels and the need to make do with equipment which had not been specifically designed for the tasks involved in the offshore installation of wind turbines .
A lot of oil&gas people scoff at the wind industry people when they explain how difficult it has been to build the turbines : after all , the few hundred tons which need to be lifted when the various large bits of a turbine are being installed are rather puny compared to the massive structures built for offshore oil&gas platforms ; but oil&gas people tend to underestimate ( i ) the logistics involved in transporting and building dozens , and now hundreds , of identical structures at sea , and ( ii ) the specific requirements of below - centimeter tolerances to position multi- hundred ton items 80 meters above the sea ...
The land requirements in harbors for storage ( but with reinforced quays to bear the loads ) , the carrying capacity of the vessels ( to transport the parts 20 km - and in forthcoming projects 100 km out at sea ) , the transfer times , the crane specifics ( to install towers , nacelles and blades , which are very different animals ) make this industry a very unique one , and it is now just beginning to work out the best way to do things - and of course , all sites have different characteristics ( depth , distance to shore , nature of the subsea soil , size of the turbines selected ) which make standardised , universal equipment a pipe dream ...
But it 's happening - and it's keeping an increasing number of people busy .
There are worries about how quickly the supply chain will ramp up to accommodate the massive investment plans being contemplated ; ironically , I still think that the technical side will be easier to take care of than building up the commercial teams of the various key players ( turbine manufacturers , project developers , financing institutions ) which must put in place the highly complex contractual framework for these massive , and still risky , projects .
Right now , it seems it 's the same people on almost every other project ...
This article is from the archive of our partner .
Six years ' worth of secret U.S. documents relating to the war in Afghanistan have been released by Wikileaks , an Iceland - based website that collects and distributes such information .
Some news organizations were given the tens of thousands of documents several weeks early so that they could sift through the files and prepare their coverage .
The revelations are sure to spark wide debate about the U.S. role in Afghanistan and the nature of the ongoing war .
Here are what currently appear to be the five biggest things we 've learned so far .
Pakistani Intelligence Possibly Aiding Taliban
The New York Times reports , " Americans fighting the war in Afghanistan have long harbored strong suspicions that Pakistan ’s military spy service has guided the Afghan insurgency with a hidden hand , even as Pakistan receives more than $ 1 billion a year from Washington for its help combating the militants , according to a trove of secret military field reports made public Sunday . "
The Pakistani Inter - Services Intelligence ( ISI ) is said to be involved in " a network of Pakistani assets and collaborators that runs from the Pakistani tribal belt along the Afghan border , through southern Afghanistan , and all the way to the capital , Kabul . "
This network may be working " with the Taliban in secret strategy sessions to organize networks of militant groups that fight against American soldiers in Afghanistan , and even hatch plots to assassinate Afghan leaders . "
[ Is Pakistan 's spy service finally on our side ? ]
Drones Less Effective Than Claimed Der Spiegel reports , " the secret memos reveal the drawbacks of a weapon that has been lauded by the US military as a panacea , a view shared by the president .
In his short time in office , Barack Obama has unleashed double the number of drone missions ordered by his seemingly trigger - happy predecessor , George W. Bush .
...
But they are not always reliable .
According to official reports , 38 Predator and Reaper drones have crashed while on combat missions in both Afghanistan and Iraq .
... each drone crash necessitates elaborate -- and dangerous -- salvage operations . "
[ Should spy drones be used against the oil spill ? ]
30 Years Later , Taliban Still Have Stingers During the anti-Soviet Afghan War of the 1980s , the U.S. helped the Afghan insurgents secure stinger missiles .
After the Soviet military withdrew and during the civil war of the 1990s , which is when the Taliban first emerged , the U.S. attempted to recover all of the missiles .
But the New York Times reports , " The Taliban have used portable heat - seeking missiles against allied aircraft , a fact that has not been publicly disclosed by the military .
This type of weapon helped the Afghan mujahedeen defeat the Soviet occupation in the 1980s . "
[ Why Pakistan blocked Facebook and Youtube . ]
U.S. and Afghan Officials Covering Up Civilian Deaths
The Atlantic 's Marc Ambinder finds " at least 144 separate incidents " of civilian casualties " and subsequent cover-ups . "
He writes , " The failed special forces attempt to kill Abu Layth Ali Libi , which resulted in the deaths of civilians , suggests the willingness of some provisional governors to collude with the official storyline .
...
There is a reference to a CIA paramilitary operative shooting at 30 yards a blind woman , something that was duly reported back to headquarters . "
Bin Laden Match - Making for Insurgents
The Guardian reports , " Insurgent reportedly given Arab wife by Bin Laden for his explosive exploits . "
The original military report reads , " So- called ABDULLAH is the brother of Kari NAJIMULLAH and is married to an Arab .
His wife was a present by Osama BIN LADEN because ABDULLAH is an infamous specialist for RC IEDs . "
That last term means radio - controlled improvised explosive devices .
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Sure , you know Penn Jillette -- the larger , louder half of Penn & Teller .
Penn 's an interesting character -- a vocal skeptic , to say the least , in that what 's on his mind is on his lips .
He and I do n't always agree , but when we do , we do .
Such is the case with antivaxxer Dr. Andrew Wakefield , the long - discredited and now disbarred guy who started the whole modern craze of getting preventable diseases to resurge .
I 've been pretty clear about what I think of Dr. Wakefield , and now you can see what Penn thinks , too , on his new online show Penn Point : [ Warning : It 's Penn , so duh , it 's NSFW . ]
Penn -- the father of two cute , precocious kids , I 'll note -- was gracious in mentioning one of my own blog posts eviscerating Wakefield , and there are plenty of others , too .
I 'm glad Penn 's putting his weight behind this as well .
On his show , on stage , and online , he 's been loud and clear on his stance about " alternative " medicines , and his reach is long .
I hope any parents even thinking of not vaccinating watch this video .
You might save your own kid 's life , and the lives of many others .
I can't think of a better message for Father 's Day , in fact .
In 1979 , Andrew Wylie ’ 70 was trying to get a job as a book editor .
“ They would ask what I was reading , ” Wylie says , “ and I would say , ‘ Thucydides . ’
They would say , ‘ Huh ?
What about James Michener , James Clavell ? ’
I would say , ‘ No , no .
Sorry . ’
People felt that if you did not read bestsellers , you could not operate effectively in the contemporary publishing world .
I thought : if that ’s true , then this is not the business for me , because I ’m not going to sit around reading the bestseller list -- the bound form of daytime television . ”
Wylie ’s publishing credentials were promising .
At Harvard , he would have graduated summa cum laude in French literature but for his brash political blunder of trashing one of his thesis advisers in the thesis itself .
Fluent in French and Italian , he can read manuscripts in those languages when needed .
During his twenties , in beret and black leather jacket , he hung out in the New York arts - and - lit world and the avant - garde scene that swirled around Andy Warhol .
Wylie ’s father , Craig Wylie ’ 30 , had been editor - in - chief at Houghton Mifflin in Boston .
“ But my uncles were bankers , ” he says , “ and I wanted to combine the two disciplines . ”
That drew him toward the business side of publishing ;
Wylie decided to apprentice himself to a literary agent .
But what he had seen of “ literary ” literary agents did not appeal .
“ They were in small offices covered in dust , with dying spider plants in the windows , ” he explains .
“ The whole thing was absolutely depressing .
And you got the feeling that the best writers had the worst representation , and the worst writers had the best representation .
If I wanted to enjoy my life , I had to read good books .
But how do you turn that into a business , if people who write well are n’t well paid ?
Yes , the best writers do make money over time -- so in the long run , the most valuable author of all is Shakespeare .
But publishing is constructed as if the most valuable author is Danielle Steel . ”
Nevertheless , 30 years later , Wylie ’s project of creating a business based on the books he wanted to read seems to have panned out .
The Wylie Agency , founded in 1980 , with offices today in midtown Manhattan and in London , is a mighty force in publishing .
It represents more than 700 clients , including Martin Amis , David Byrne , Dave Eggers , Louise Erdrich , Ian Frazier ’ 73 , Al Gore ’ 69 , LL.D. ’ 94 , William Kennedy , Henry Kissinger ’ 50 , Ph.D. ’ 54 , Elmore Leonard , W.S. Merwin , Lou Reed , David Rockefeller ’ 36 , LL.D. ’ 69 , Philip Roth , Salman Rushdie , Oliver Sachs , and Nicolas Sarkozy .
Wylie ’s deceased clients are even more illustrious than his living ones : W.H. Auden , Saul Bellow , Roberto Bolaño , William S. Burroughs ’ 36 , Italo Calvino , Allen Ginsberg , Arthur Miller , Vladimir Nabokov , Hunter Thompson , John Updike ’ 54 , Litt.D. ’ 92 , Andy Warhol , and Evelyn Waugh , for example .
Mega -agencies like William Morris and ICM have film divisions , which the Wylie Agency does not , but “ I believe we have a larger literary agency , in terms of global reach , number of clients , and perhaps also revenue , ” says Wylie .
John “ Ike ” Williams ’ 60 , a principal of the Boston literary agency Kneerim & Williams , says Wylie “ is a formidable agent , particularly on foreign rights .
The guy has incredible taste . ”
The Guardian recently described the Wylie Agency as “ the most feared and most influential authors ’ representatives in the world of Anglo - American publishing . ”
Despite the well - documented travails of the contemporary book business , Wylie remains sanguine about its future , both technological and commercial .
He believes that “ a combination of online booksellers like Amazon.com and independent bookstores will be the future of bookselling .
The chains will go out of business -- their model does n’t work .
Mall stores evolved into superstores that push new books hard but devote acres of high - rent space to backlist books that sell very slowly .
Amazon has one copy of every book available on a revolving belt ; they actually have a larger investment per copy in their backlist than the chains do .
Independent bookstores will come back because they know their neighborhood and are selling to those local readers . ”
In his personal reading , Wylie has little use for e-book devices like Kindle , although e-book rights are currently a topic of intense discussion among all publishers and agents .
“ We spend 96 percent of our time talking about 4 percent of the business , ” he says ( e- books ’ current share of publishing revenue ) .
“ That 4 percent will climb slowly , and I think it will grow first for frontlist , ” he continues .
“ I suspect that the trashier the book , the more likely it is to be converted to an e-book .
You do n’t have a desire to save James Patterson in your library .
Those who want to keep a book for a long time will buy a physical book . ”
The music - industry lawyer John Eastman , who represents his brother - in - law Paul McCartney as well as other musicians , has advised the Wylie Agency in discussions with publishers concerning e-book rights .
“ John saw the destruction of the music business , and did n’t miss the meaning , ” Wylie says .
“ The music industry did itself in by taking its profitability and allocating it to device holders .
Manufacturing and distribution accounted for roughly 30 percent of the music industry ’s profit .
These were conveyed to Apple in the deal for iTunes .
But why should someone who makes a machine -- the iPod , which is the contemporary equivalent of a jukebox -- take all the profit ?
If the jukebox manufacturers had taken all the profits of all the records played on jukeboxes in the 1950s , we ’d have a very different - looking music business .
The device holder -- Apple - - could n’t have sold the device without the music that was on it .
Instead , why did n’t the music industry say to Apple , ‘ We want 30 percent of your iPod sales ? ’
Or ‘ How about paying us 100 percent of your music revenues -- you keep your device profits , and give us our music profits ? ’
That ’s not the deal that was made .
And that is why the music industry hit the wall . ”
Wylie ’s negotiations with publishers on the book industry ’s version of the iPod , e-books , are currently on hold across the board .
He ’s dissatisfied with the terms publishers have been offering for e-book rights , which were not widely foreseen and are not allocated in most extant book contracts .
In fact , Wylie threatens to monetize those unassigned rights by going outside the publishing business entirely : “ We will take our 700 clients , see what rights are not allocated to publishers , and establish a company on their behalf to license those e-book rights directly to someone like Google , Amazon.com , or Apple .
It would be another business , set up on parallel tracks to the frontlist book business . ”
Such a heretical strategy would likely meet with stiff resistance from publishing houses , which have invested years , even decades , and millions of dollars in establishing their authors as brand names in the marketplace by printing , promoting , and selling their books .
All book publishing is divided into two parts : frontlist and backlist .
Frontlist books are newly published titles ; the large publishers generally roll out two crops annually , the “ spring ” and the “ fall ” lists , much as fashion houses produce spring and fall collections .
Backlist books are previously published titles that are still in print .
Traditionally , the way to build a profitable book - publishing business has been to cultivate a strong backlist : the up - front expenses of acquiring , editing , and producing a book have been taken care of , and so all that remains is selling units from inventory at a profit .
Yet the frontlist is where the sizzle is , if not the steak .
Nearly all the media attention that the book industry receives dwells on new titles or the astonishing advances paid to authors like John Grisham ( and non-authors like Larry King or Sarah Palin ) .
Wylie upends this pattern .
Ignoring the frontlist hype , he has sought to make accomplished writers profitable by concentrating on the backlist .
“ Shakespeare is more important than Danielle Steel in large part because his work is more lasting , ” he explains .
“ So you have to negotiate with an eye toward capturing that long - term value . ”
His agency works to strengthen and maintain the value of authors like Calvino and Bellow , for example , by getting publishers to keep their works in print .
It ’s a multinational effort .
Book contracts in the United States typically remain in force as long as the copyright does , but a foreign contract is a license to publish a certain book for a specific length of time , typically seven to 10 years .
“ So every seven years , Philip Roth has a negotiation in Spain , Italy , France , Germany , and so on , ” Wylie explains .
“ And he sells a lot of books there --a Roth book often sells 200,000 to 300,000 copies in France , for example .
You multiply that by the 40 - odd books he ’s written and you have quite a negotiation . ”
( Wylie also triggered a mini- renaissance for New Yorker icon William Maxwell near the end of the author ’s life , with a spate of re-issues and consequent reviews of his books .
“ I do n’t think his [ Wylie ’s ] motives were mercenary at all , ” says author David Updike ’ 79 , a longtime client .
“ He knew Maxwell was a quality writer whose books deserved to be in the bookstores . ” )
The power of the backlist proved persuasive to Norman Mailer ’ 43 , who was in the market for a new agent after his representative , Scott Meredith , died in 1993 .
Wylie approached Mailer with a spreadsheet : 12 of Mailer ’s books had fallen out of print , and his works appeared in 12 languages on average -- translating into 144 fallow titles .
Say the annual royalties for each approximated $ 1,000 ; then their inactivity meant Mailer was sacrificing $ 144,000 or so per year in royalty income .
The careful homework and reasoned argument won Mailer as a long - term client , and the Wylie agency represents Mailer ’s literary estate today .
“ We went after the most important writers in their respective languages , ” Wylie says , “ and we brought to those estates the same discipline of properly assessing the value of the writer ’s work .
What happened was an appreciation in revenue to the Calvino estate of 2,000 percent .
More or less the same with [ Jorge Luis ] Borges .
When you make that kind of difference , you recalibrate the priorities of the publishing industry somewhat , so that they place a higher value on work that lasts over time . ”
When Wylie entered the business , American agents sold overseas rights through a network of sub-agents located in Scandinavia , Italy , Germany , France , and so on .
A U.S. agent who had just sold a book to an American publisher would mail its manuscript to each sub-agent and ask them to sell it in his or her territory .
“ Those sub-agents were flooded with books because they represented a number of American agencies -- they had more books than they could read , ” Wylie says .
“ They had n’t ever encountered the author , so there was no personal engagement in what they were selling , and so they did n’t convey the same enthusiasm .
That system did n’t work .
“ You have to get on a plane and go to Paris and Milan and Munich and Beijing and Tokyo , and get to know the business there as well as you know the business in New York , ” Wylie continues .
“ The way you do that is a combination of frequent visits , business meetings , social meetings -- lunch and dinner -- getting friendly with the people who run these companies , and getting inside the culture of each country .
You ’ve got to get on a jet plane every month .
It ’s pretty exhausting . ”
Though the agency has 50 employees , Wylie has done much of that travel himself .
He began going to London once a month in 1986 ( in 1996 he opened a London office in Bedford Square in a 1775 townhouse with a large garden ) and has kept it up ever since , logging a rough total of 1,728,000 air miles to and from England alone .
There are payoffs for the legwork .
Philip Roth ’s revenues , for example , derive roughly 50 - 50 from the United States and foreign sources .
“ Many agencies capture the former 50 percent , but they tend to capture only 20 percent of the latter , ” Wylie says .
“ We are able to capture that latter 50 percent .
So at the start , you ’re talking about a jump of roughly 30 percent .
And there are all sorts of ways to enhance value , country by country .
We apply some analysis , and what ordinarily happens is an increase of 300 to 500 percent in revenue . ”
( The agency charges a 15 percent commission domestically today , 20 percent abroad ; it was one of the last to work for 10 percent domestically until that proved unsustainable . )
Beyond the results for his authors , Wylie ’s influence on publishing is controversial .
In the pre-Wylie era , for example , an unwritten , gentlemanly rule of agents was that another agent ’s client was off limits ; instead , Wylie applied capitalistic principles that would be routine in nearly any other business .
“ There are n’t many literary agents in New York City who can honestly claim never to have lost a client to Andrew Wylie , ” wrote Leon Neyfakh ’07 in the New York Observer this year .
( The British press famously dubbed Wylie “ The Jackal ” in 1995 after Martin Amis deserted his longtime agent , Pat Kavanagh -- the wife of Amis ’s close friend Julian Barnes -- for the Wylie agency , which won a reported £ 500,000 advance for Amis ’s novel The Information . )
Wylie ’s own clients are equally free to leave .
“ From the beginning , Andrew told me there was no contract , just a handshake , ” says David Updike .
“ Either of us was free to terminate the agreement at any time . ”
While enriching some distinguished authors , Wylie has not always enriched publishers .
“ Andrew is a friend of mine , and he has a lot of the kind of authors we publish , ” says Jonathan Galassi ’ 71 , president and publisher of Farrar , Straus , and Giroux ( see “ High Type Culture , ” November - December 1997 , page 38 ) , which probably does more business with Wylie than with any other agency .
“ We look at the world the same way , in terms of the quality of what we ’re working with . ”
Still , Galassi believes that “ Wylie ’s strong - arm approach ignores the reality of the publisher ’s predicament . ”
By pushing hard to keep all the works of major authors in print worldwide , Wylie disregards the fact that “ There are too many books that do n’t have a readership that is constant enough for bookstores to be able to stock them today , ” Galassi says .
“ This is what print on demand , online bookstores , and e-books are for . ”
Furthermore , he adds , “ Andrew thinks publishers should pay a higher royalty on e-book sales , since we have no printing and distribution costs with them .
But publishers often lose money up front and make it up on the back end , if the book sells well .
What ’s important is to figure out an equitable sharing of risks and rewards .
The publisher and author need each other ; they need to cooperate . ”
The money Wylie lands for writers has to come from somewhere , and there ’s a strong perception in the industry that he tends to move his authors toward the larger and richer houses .
Not necessarily , Wylie says : “ The people who care the most about a book offer the most for it .
We do a disproportionate amount of business with [ Éditions ]
Gallimard , for example , though they are far from the biggest publisher in France . ”
Wylie generally represents established writers ; the discovery of new novelists and poets often rests with smaller publishers who pay small advances and print only a few thousand copies of a book .
Yet these small presses do the legwork of scouting talent , pay for translations if needed , and put heart and soul into cultivating an author ’s work ; large publishing houses and major literary agents need only read the reviews .
When a small - press author develops a following , he or she often moves to a bigger publisher with more money , much like major - league baseball stars who leave small - market teams for rich franchises .
“ We publish people no one has ever heard of , ” says Barbara Epler ’ 83 , editor - in- chief and publisher of New Directions , the small , distinguished literary press founded by James Laughlin ’ 36 ( see “ Cantos and the Stem Christie , ” January - February 1995 , page 56 ) .
New Directions first brought into English translation the work of Wylie clients Roberto Bolaño and W.G. Sebald , for example , who have since become world - renowned authors .
“ We ’re like a pearl bed , ” says Epler , “ and you have to keep the oysters alive . ”
In the house in Sudbury , Massachusetts , where Wylie grew up , surrounded by farmland , the largest room was a library with a fireplace and thousands of books -- including , “ memorably , three sets of Voltaire -- and Voltaire wrote a lot , ” he recalls .
“ I ’d curl up in front of the fire under a blanket and read .
There was n’t much talking , only reading .
It was relaxing and enjoyable . ”
Wylie has always found the presence of books comforting ; he maintains nearly identical libraries in his home on Park Avenue and his place in the Hamptons , to which he and his family decamp for the summer -- he runs the agency from its fully equipped office .
( Wylie ’s wife , Camilla , is a serious potter ; they have two daughters , Erica , 25 , and Alexandra , 16 .
Nikolas , 39 , the son of Wylie ’s first marriage , works at the agency . )
Conversation among Wylie , his parents , and his five sisters involved a contest of “ how verbally strong you were .
It was all about language and expression , wit , verbal intelligence .
Dinner conversations were like sparring matches . ”
Like his father , Wylie entered St. Paul ’s School , but unlike him , found it “ quite snobbish , full of attitudes . ”
His entrepreneurial spirit bloomed , though : he started a small business in cahoots with a cabdriver to ferry St. Paul ’s students to Boston and supply them , illegally , with liquor .
The school dismissed him in 1965 , but that did n’t preclude his acceptance at Harvard .
In college , he took six courses per semester and lived alone , off - campus , in Somerville ; he worked very hard and graduated in three years .
Wylie studied with former Emerson lecturer on English literature Robert Lowell ( see “ The Brahmin Rebel , ” May - June 2004 , page 39 ) and Harry Levin , then Babbitt professor of comparative literature , whom he persuaded to be his tutor -- in part by reciting a long passage from Finnegans Wake , of which he says he had learned 17 pages by heart .
Albert Lord , then Porter professor of Slavic and comparative literature , taught him to sing Homer in ancient Greek , a talent Wylie used years later to woo and win his first client , I.F. Stone , author of The Trial of Socrates .
In the early 1970s , Wylie moved to New York .
He drove a taxicab and opened a bookstore in Greenwich Village with his own , “ very odd ” collection of books ( e.g. , a German scholarly edition of Heraclites ) as inventory .
“ I had two customers , ” he recalls : “ John Cage and Bob Dylan . ”
Eating the free chicken wings at the legendary Max ’s Kansas City restaurant brought him into the orbit of Andy Warhol , “ who had a tremendous influence on me .
He expanded and adjusted my notion of what and how an educated person could think ; he had a playful , unconventional approach to reality .
There was a very other - worldly atmosphere about him . ”
Wylie also met rock songwriter and photographer Lou Reed , who is now a client and is “ as good as François Villon , in my opinion . ”
And he published his own poetry , including the 1972 chapbook Yellow Flowers .
His literary judgment on his own output : “ I figured I was n’t destined to be a poet . ”
In fact , based on his self - analysis , he might be almost genetically destined to represent writers .
“ I feel I do not have a personality of my own , so I am constantly in search of a personality , ” he says .
“ This might be why I am such a dedicated agent !
A writer arrives with a fully formed personality and set of beliefs , powerfully expressed .
I become so enraptured by their interests , knowledge , and means of expression that nothing can distract me .
My ability to transmit the writer ’s qualities , to persuasively describe them with admiration , is strong because I have this sort of hollow core : I take on the author ’s identity .
If I spend an hour with Susan Sontag and we walk out of the room together , you wo n’t know which one is Susan ! ”
If , as he says , he assumes near - ownership of his authors ’ personalities , that may help explain the ferocity Wylie brings to his defense of their literary assets , aggressively protecting the intellectual property of agency clients newly vulnerable in an online world .
When the W.H. Auden estate signed on , the poet ’s entire oeuvre was available free of charge on the Web , in defiance of copyright law ; Wylie assigned five people to work round the clock to shut all the sites down .
The lapsing of copyright is n’t necessarily an obstacle , either .
Wylie is now working with the Royal Shakespeare Company , a team of scholars , Random House , Macmillan , and digital producers to create a First Folio edition of Shakespeare .
“ If you find a hole like this [ there was no First Folio in print in English ] in the market and make it your own and protect it with a combination of copyright and the trademark of the Royal Shakespeare Company - - a definitive performing troupe -- then to all intents and purposes , Shakespeare is who you are , ” Wylie explains .
“ And you get paid 10 percent for every copy sold .
“ If Lewis Carroll and his estate had properly protected his rights , then global vacationers would be headed to Wonderland instead of Disney World and they ’d have a more meaningful vacation experience , because Lewis Carroll is more interesting than Walt Disney , ” he adds .
“ And if you could capture the value of Shakespeare , monetize and preserve it , then Microsoft and Google would be subsidiaries of the Royal Shakespeare Company .
That ’s the way I want to organize the world . ”
Would you like some antibiotic - resistant bacteria with your grilled chicken at your backyard barbeque ?
Of course not .
But that likelihood continues to grow unless the government makes industry change the way most American farm animals are raised .
American industrial animal production has fed our farm animals a steady diet of antibiotics for decades .
Now , the bacteria are fighting back and we ’re all paying the price .
An estimated 70 percent of all antibiotics ( about 24.6 million pounds a year ) consumed in this country are used non-therapeutically to help promote growth in our pigs , chickens , and cattle in overcrowded pens known as “ confined animal feeding operations ” ( CAFOs ) .
Without antibiotics added to their feed , disease would rapidly infect these animals .
In these factory farms , bacteria are exposed to low levels of antibiotics for long periods of time .
That provides ideal conditions for the creation of bacterial resistance .
Many of the antibiotics used to raise factory - farmed animals are the same prescription drugs that doctors use to treat sick humans .
Now , antibiotic resistance developed in CAFOs is becoming a public health problem for us all .
The medical community has taken strong steps to reduce the over - prescription of antibiotics to humans to slow the development of these superbugs .
But we ca n’t win this battle without a similar effort by meat and poultry companies .
Antibiotic resistance is already proving costly–at least $ 4 to $ 5 billion a year in health costs alone , according to an estimate from The National Academy of Sciences .
With few new antibiotics on the horizon , protecting what we have is essential .
After dragging its feet for years , the government has finally taken the first timid steps to address this crisis .
The Food and Drug Administration published in June a draft of new guidelines for the meat and poultry industry .
The agency outlined a set of principles calling for the use of antibiotics to be limited to treating animal disease and to include veterinary oversight .
FDA officials said these voluntary guidelines laid the groundwork for possible future regulations .
Unfortunately , the agency sets no timeline for future regulations , which could be years , even decades , in the making .
To protect America ’s health , Congress must accelerate action to protect antibiotics .
More than 80 of the nation ’s public health organizations , including the American Medical Association and the American Public Health Association , have endorsed a bill that would halt of the overuse of antibiotics in raising food animals .
The bill , introduced by the only microbiologist in Congress , Rep. Louise Slaughter ( D - NY ) , would phase out the non-therapeutic use of seven classes of antibiotics in animals–unless the FDA determines the drugs do not contribute to antibiotic resistance affecting humans .
The modest bill would still allow farmers to treat sick animals and it only covers antibiotics also used to treat humans .
But the big drug and meat companies represent a powerful lobby in Washington , and have thus far blocked the bill and FDA action .
Why are they expending such effort to prevent this major public health initiative ?
As usual , it has to do with the bottom line .
Banning antibiotics for healthy animals raised in extremely crowded conditions would mean that chicken , cattle , and pigs would require more room .
The cost of producing beef , pork , and chicken would likely rise–although it would be nothing compared to the health costs linked to antibiotic - resistant bacteria .
The good news is that it does n’t have to be this way .
We can raise enough animals for food and still protect the effectiveness of antibiotics .
Denmark , the world ’s largest pork exporter , banned antibiotic feed additives in 1998 .
Producers improved animal husbandry and hygiene , and the overall use of antibiotics in agriculture dropped by over 50 percent .
A similar ban is now in place in the rest of Europe .
And of course many American farmers in the U.S. already use these more sustainable practices , producing pork , chicken and livestock without antibiotics .
Nearly all of us have needed antibiotics at some point in our lives .
If we want antibiotics to work for us and our children in the future , we have to get smarter about how we use them .
We need to find the political will to act .
Ben Lilliston is communications director at the Institute for Agriculture and Trade Policy and the co-author of the book “ Genetically Engineered Foods : A Self - Defense Guide for Consumers . ”
This article was distributed by Other Words , a project of the Institute for Policy Studies .
Photo : http://www.flickr.com/photos/spcummings/3116867309/ cc 2.0
Okay , so I do n’t have a lot of experience blogging but I know Yann kept a blog last year so it ca n’t be that hard , right ?
If he can do it , then I know I can do it better ( of course ) .
But I hear he did well last year so we ’ll see how I do .
I do n’t remember much of what he wrote because I only read a little bit but I remember there was a picture taken of me reading his blog from camp last year - weird how I can remember things like that .
Canucks.com asked me to do daily updates of camp so here goes my first attempt .
Because I think I ’m pretty good with computers and technology that I can catch on to this pretty easily .
Everyone says it ’s pretty easy so that helped ease my mind a bit .
As far as the internet , I ’m on Facebook a lot - maybe too much these days but it ’s summer so I ’m allowing myself to do that .
I go on hockey sites a lot but a site that I use all the time is the Internet Movie Database or IMDB - much shorter and easier to say .
I ’m a big movie guy so whenever I want to rent a movie or go see one , I always check on IMDB to see the reviews and the ratings .
The last movie I saw was an embarrassing one but actually I did see one on the plane on the way over to Vancouver , which was Green Zone with Matt Damon .
Coming into camp last year , I only knew Yann since we both played for Saint John and I did n’t really know what to expect .
I was the youngest guy at camp last year so I was really nervous and I did n’t speak that much .
I still had a really good time and it was really fun but I think this year , I can enjoy it even more .
This year , I know a lot more guys from last year ’s summer camp and even from training camp in September .
I think just the comfort level is the biggest thing being in the room and knowing the staff and players lets me be comfortable to perform my best .
Today was everyone ’s favourite thing at camp - the fitness test .
And in case it did n’t come through in writing , I was being sarcastic .
It ’s good to get it over with the first day and it was tough .
You ’d think that it would be easier since I ’ve already done it but it does n’t get easier at all .
The VO2 and the Wingate is always going to be hard - always .
I wonder if the Grouse Grind is going to be easier the second time around .
To help the guys get comfortable , the trainers put together an ice breaker activity for us called So You Think You Can Dance Canucks .
We were split up into seven groups of five and had to make a routine to the song Satisfaction by Benny Benassi - if anyone ’s ever heard of that before ( it ’s before my time ) .
It ’s a tough song to dance to if you ca n’t dance .
The trainers ( Roger , Bryan , and Glenn ) scored each group out of ten to determine the winning group .
Kevin Connauton ’s group won .
My group was Yann , Matt Fraser , Tayler Jordan , and Mats Froshaug .
We were too busy goofing around so our dance was very individual and we did n’t have much of a team concept but I think our scores were okay .
We finished in the middle of the pack .
I think Roger liked the individual dancing - he was the nice judge ( definitely not the Simon Cowell - does that give me brownie points ? ) .
Personally , I think I kind of dropped the ball on my dancing .
I tried to break dance but it did n’t look natural .
If there ’s a second season of this , for sure when I come back next year , I ’ll be a better dancer .
I ’m not sure if I ’m looking forward to the Grouse Grind but it is nice getting to the top because the view of Vancouver is amazing .
I ’m looking forward to going Dragon - boating , because I ’ve never done that before .
I ’m also excited about going to a baseball game because I ’m a big baseball fan so that ’ll be cool to see in Vancouver .
But for now , I need to get some rest before tomorrow .
The Republican back door to war with Iran
A game plan to draw the United States into a third war in the Middle East may be quietly unfolding before our eyes .
Late last week , Republicans in the House or Representatives unveiled H.Res.1553 , a resolution providing explicit support for an Israeli bombing campaign against Iran .
The measure , introduced by Texas Republican Louie Gohmert and forty - six of his colleagues , endorses Israel ’s use of " all means necessary " against Iran " including the use of military force " .
" We have got to act , " Gohmert has said in regard to the measure .
" We ’ve got to get this done .
We need to show our support for Israel .
We need to quit playing games with this critical ally in such a difficult area . "
But Gohmert ’s resolution may be an unprecedented development — Congress has never endorsed pre-emptive military strikes by a foreign country .
What ’s more , this is the minority party signaling to Israel that they can count on Republican support should the President object to Israeli strikes on Iran — as did George W. Bush in 2008 .
The resolution also explicitly endorses " any means necessary " , a carte blanche for the use of nuclear bunker - busting bombs .
The measure may be overtly political , coming just one week before the Congressional recess in which Members of Congress will return home to their districts to campaign and raise money for the upcoming midterm elections .
Democrats and Republicans are in a foot race to demonstrate who can be toughest on Iran .
But while Democrats continue to tout newly imposed " crippling " sanctions as evidence of their commitment to pressure , Republicans appear to be moving on to the next phase and are openly endorsing an Israeli strike .
Gohmert even argued that instead of sanctions , Congress should have passed his resolution green - lighting military strikes on Iran .
But by encouraging such an attack , supporters of war are effectively working to circumvent the President and his military leadership , who have warned in dire terms against military action in Iran , and instead goading a third country into launching the first strike .
Once the bombing campaign has commenced , the authors of this resolution may believe , the US would have few choices but be dragged into war .
In fact , this measure is no small part of a neoconservative agenda to go to war with Iran .
The green light resolution is precisely what John Bolton called for two weeks ago in a Wall Street Journal piece that reads as a playbook for dragging the US into military conflict with Iran .
Bolton lays out a game plan in which Congress can " reassure " Israel in order to make a military strike possible .
He argued that with " visible congressional support in place " , the President ’s concerns about an Israeli strike can be short - circuited .
Some of the resolution ’s supporters , like Michele Bachmann , face tough re-election bids this November and are looking for more red meat to throw the hawks that make up their base .
Bachmann , who for years supported budget - busting foreign wars under George W. Bush , is now the leader of the deficit - obsessed Tea Party Caucus .
The caucus has yet to produce a policy paper outlining a plan for a budget - neutral war with Iran .
Others , such as Congressman Dan Burton — now the top Republican on the House Middle East Subcommittee — would hold important leadership positions to shape Iran policy were Republicans able to regain the majority this November .
But by endorsing military strikes , supporters of H. Res.1553 are playing games with US national security and could provoke the US into a third war in the Middle East .
By couching the resolution ’s endorsement of bombing Iran as an issue of Israel ’s right to self defense — an area that is sacrosanct for many in Congress — supporters of war are framing the question as one of support for Israel rather than the numerous other messy questions that one might want to answer before endorsing military strikes .
Will this engulf the Middle East in a " destabilizing " ( General Petraeus ) , " cataclysmic " ( Joint Chiefs Chairman Mullen ) regional war ?
Will military strikes even stop Iran ’s nuclear program ?
Or will they merely set the program back , convince Iran to leave the Nuclear Non-proliferation Treaty , and guarantee that Iran aggressively pursues a nuclear deterrent ?
The resolution does not go into the murky details of how devastating a military strike on Iran would be to the US and Israel , not to mention the civilian death toll in Iran , the collapse of Iran ’s democratic opposition movement , and the consolidation of popular support by Iran ’s now - disputed government .
It does n’t take into account the dire warnings from US military leadership who have consistently expressed serious concerns about any military options .
But it does give House Republican supporters an opportunity to pretend that they are more concerned about national security and allow them to burnish faux pro-Israel credentials .
In some districts , this will play quite well in November .
There are serious consequences for this transparent ploy .
A Congressional green light for military strikes is not just politics ; it could significantly alter perceptions for those in Israel pressing for strikes and undercut efforts by the President and US military leadership to protect against such impulses .
There is a reason Louie Gohmert is not President , Michelle Bachmann is not the Secretary of Defense , and that the Tea Party does not comprise the Joint Chiefs .
But the scary thing is that this resolution , just by being introduced , may very well represent one step forward towards the US being dragged into a war with Iran .
War with Iran will seem farfetched until it is a fait accompli .
Jamal Abdi is Policy Director at the National Iranian American Council .
Despite a campaign to derail the settlement , a long - running class - action lawsuit against Comcast and its P2P - blocking ways has ended .
If you were a Comcast subscriber between April 1 , 2006 and December 31 , 2008 , and you used the Ares , BitTorrent , eDonkey , FastTrack , or Gnutella P2P networks , congratulations — you 've just won $ 16 in the litigation lottery .
A California resident filed Hart v. Comcast back in 2007 , alleging that the cable giant was n't living up to its contract because it limited " the speed of certain internet applications such as peer - to - peer file sharing and lotus notes [ sic ] . "
This was a reference to Comcast 's infamous use of " TCP reset packets " to limit the number of P2P connections , a decision that eventually led to a long FCC investigation that went against Comcast ( and was recently overturned by a federal DC court ) .
Other , similar lawsuits were filed , but Hart had been first , so he became the lead plaintiff in a class action suit that was consolidated into a single case in Pennsylvania .
In late 2009 , Comcast agreed to settle the case by setting up a $ 16 million compensation fund ; each affected subscriber could pick up $ 16 to make up for the pain of those interrupted P2P downloads of ( * cough * ) Linux ISOs .
Robb Topolski , the network engineer and barbershop music aficionado who discovered Comcast 's throttling technique , objected .
When users had paid around $ 50 a month for service , $ 16 seemed like small compensation .
" If that tiny amount of money is compensation , then there is no penalty to Comcast for interfering with its customers , for failing to disclose it , for repeatedly lying about it , and for taking so long to stop it ! " wrote Topolski two months ago .
He asked people to object or exclude themselves from the settlement .
But the lead lawyer in the case told Ars that it was the best deal anyone was going to get .
" This is a good settlement , " said Eric Somers .
" If you opt out , you 're basically giving that money to Comcast . "
Last week , the federal judge overseeing the case agreed that it was in everyone 's interests to settle the murky case ( How exactly does one quantify the damages here ?
And did n't Comcast 's contract make clear that the company would manage " congestion " ?
And how did Comcast 's win in the DC Circuit affect the issue ? ) .
Besides , almost no one objected .
" Despite ... a vigorous opt out campaign by Robert Topolski , the named plaintiff in one of the coordinated actions , only 6 individuals filed objections to the settlement ( one of which was later withdrawn ) , " wrote the judge , and " only 143 individuals submitted timely requests for exclusion ( some of which actually indicated an absence of individual claims to pursue ) , and no state or federal officials intervened .
In light of the estimated size of the class ( 1,000,000 individuals ) , the percentage of objections ( .0006 % ) and opt outs ( .0143 % ) is exceedingly low . "
So the settlement is now final .
Comcast account holders have until August 29 , 2010 to file a claim in the case .
The lawyers will do a bit better , splitting $ 3 million for their work on the case .
Frat parties and free music have been among the perks of attending college in the United States during the past decade .
But now the days of using fat campus bandwidth to download movies and music via file - sharing networks appear to be coming to an end .
Thursday is the deadline for colleges and universities that receive Title IV federal aid to have implemented antipiracy procedures on their campuses as part of the Higher Education Opportunity Act ( HEOA ) of 2008 .
HEOA , which was backed by the movie and music industries , addresses a lot of different facets of higher education , but tucked in there are provisions that require schools to adhere to guidelines on illegal file sharing .
They include :
• Providing students a description of copyright law and campus policies with regards to violations of copyright law .
• Combatting copyright violations on campus networks using technology - based deterrents .
• Offering alternatives to illegal downloading .
In the past year , schools across the country have tried to comply by implementing new procedures and technologies .
At the University of Kansas , for instance , once campus officials receive a notice that accuses a student of illegally sharing music or movies , they suspend Web privileges for that student .
" The University accepts and responds to Digital Millennium Copyright Act ( DMCA ) notices , " KU officials wrote on its Web site .
" Upon receipt of a DMCA notice from a business that has traced unauthorized use of its copyrighted materials back to University servers , the University detects the user at the particular University electronic address indicated , examines the activity at that address , and contacts the individual .
Until the situation has been corrected , the user 's access to the Internet and to University electronic information resources is disabled . "
At some schools , first - time offenders can receive written warnings or be required to meet with school officials .
At schools such as Marist College in Poughkeepsie , N.Y. , and the State University of New York at New Paltz , repeat offenders can lose Web access entirely and face expulsion , according to a story in the Poughkeepsie Journal .
Cary Sherman , president of the Recording Industry Association of America , said that many schools were already cracking down on piracy , but some schools dragged their feet .
HEOA pushes them into action , he said .
" It 's the first time ever in the history of dealing with the issue that Congress is holding schools accountable and requiring them to address the problem , " Sherman said .
" Here you have Congress saying ' Get off the sidelines and deal with the problem . '
It 's an important signal . "
In the past , some college administrators refused to go along with requests for help by the RIAA and film industry because they believed it should n't be their responsibility to enforce copyright .
Some also argued that school resources were better served elsewhere .
College campuses are really the birthplace of file sharing .
When Napster came out , it was university students , likely to be more tech savvy and have Internet access , who helped get the word out about the pioneer service .
Estimates about the level of music piracy at the nation 's colleges have ranged anywhere from 25 percent of all students to half .
Meanwhile , LimeWire , the most used peer - to - peer software among file sharers , is facing extinction .
A U.S. district court in Manhattan is considering whether to issue a permanent injunction against Lime Wire , the company that operates the service , which would effectively shut it down .
The Recording Industry Association of America filed a copyright complaint against Lime Wire in 2006 .
BitTorrent is another popular file - sharing technology but campuses have become adept at blocking the ports torrents favor .
As for sites that allegedly stream pirated content over the Web , these are also under pressure .
On Wednesday , federal law enforcement officials seized nine sites in question and confiscated assets belonging to the site operators .
Those sites included Movies - Links.tv , Now -Movies.com , TVShack.net , Filespump.com , Planetmoviez.com , ZML.com , ThePirateCity.org , Ninjavideo.net , and NinjaThis.net .
___
Greg Sandoval covers media and digital entertainment for CNET News .
He is a former reporter for The Washington Post and the Los Angeles Times .
E-mail Greg , or follow him on Twitter at @sandoCNET .
A beachgoer looks at oil in the water on Orange Beach , Alabama , in June 2010 .
The X Prize Foundation launches a competition this week promising millions of dollars for winning ways to clean up crude oil from the BP spill in the Gulf of Mexico .
The X Prize Foundation launches a competition this week promising millions of dollars for winning ways to clean up crude oil from the BP spill in the Gulf of Mexico .
The nonprofit group will hold a press conference in Washington on Thursday to reveal details of an Oil Cleanup X Challenge inspired by the disaster .
It added that the competition is " designed to inspire entrepreneurs , engineers , and scientists worldwide to develop innovative , rapidly deployable , and highly efficient methods of capturing crude oil from the ocean surface . "
X Prize categories include mapping genomes , making an incredibly fuel efficient car , and exploring the moon 's surface with a robotic vehicle .
For three months , a massive slick threatened the shorelines of Louisiana and other southern US Gulf Coast states as BP tried everything from top hats to junk shots and giant domes to stanch the toxic sludge .
A cap stopped the flow on July 15 after between 2.8 and 4.5 million barrels ( 117.6 million and 189 million gallons ) had gushed out .
Only one quarter of that was collected by BP 's various collection and containment systems .
Dozens of reconnaissance planes fly constant sorties from Florida to Texas noting any oil sightings , while flat - bottomed boats trawl the marshes for lumps of tar too large to biodegrade .
Before the cap went on , some 25,000 barrels of oil a day were being skimmed from the thickest part of the slick near the well site .
Explore further
Got a fix for oil spill ?
It may be worth a prize
( c ) 2010 AFP
Federal agents trying to build an extortion case against Joran van der Sloot secretly gave him the cash that wound up funding his trip to Peru , where he killed a young woman exactly five years after the disappearance of Natalee Holloway , The Post has learned .
Van der Sloot tried to shake down Holloway ’s mother by offering information about her daughter ’s 2005 disappearance , and agents decided to set him up with a $ 25,000 payoff , a source told The Post yesterday .
An intermediary acting under the direction of the FBI gave van der Sloot the dough in Aruba on May 10 — and four days later , he flew to Peru , where he allegedly murdered 21 - year - old Stephany Flores in his Lima hotel room .
Van der Sloot was free to travel because after the money was given to the 22 - year - old Dutch national , the feds did n’t promptly file charges against him .
US authorities also did not ask that he be detained in Aruba , even after officials there warned that he was about to leave the island , the source said .
The failure to stop van der Sloot shocked and infuriated Holloway ’s mom , Beth Twitty .
She had been “ told that an arrest was going to happen before he left ” Aruba , where he was the last person believed to have seen Holloway alive when she vanished , the source said .
Van der Sloot took his payola from the feds — a $ 15,000 wire transfer and $ 10,000 in cash — and went to Peru to play poker , the source said .
It was only last Thursday — hours after van der Sloot was nabbed on the lam in Chile for Flores ’ murder — that federal prosecutors in Alabama announced they were charging him with extortion and wire fraud in the Holloway shakedown .
Van der Sloot has confessed to beating Flores and breaking her neck in his hotel room on May 30 — the fifth anniversary of Holloway ’s disappearance — according to the confession he gave Peruvian police .
The suspect said he attacked Flores — whom he had met at a Lima poker tournament — because she had looked at his laptop computer without permission and found information about his role in the Holloway case .
“ I did not want to do it , ” van der Sloot told cops , according to La Republica newspaper .
“ The girl intruded in my private life .
She had no right .
“ I confronted her .
She was frightened , we argued , and she wanted to get away .
I grabbed her by the neck and hit her . ”
Van der Sloot is expected to recreate the crime at the scene for cops today .
A coroner in Lima said Flores likely had been beaten to death with a tennis racket found in the room .
A source told CNN that van der Sloot admitted to being high on marijuana during the vicious assault .
Twitty yesterday refused to comment on either the extortion case or Flores ’ murder , as she appeared at Washington ’s National Museum of Crime and Punishment , where she was opening the Natalee Holloway Resource Center for families of missing loved ones .
But Twitty said , “ Let ’s all . . . keep the Flores family in our hearts and in our prayers . ”
Van der Sloot and two other men from Aruba are the last known people to have been with the 18 - year - old Holloway before she vanished during a high - school graduation trip to the Caribbean island .
Van der Sloot was arrested twice by Aruban authorities , but was never charged because of lack of evidence .
Over the years , he has made a series of sometimes conflicting statements about what happened to the Alabama teen .
Then , around March 29 , he contacted high - profile New York lawyer John Kelly , who had represented Holloway ’s mom in an ultimately unsuccessful lawsuit against van der Sloot .
“ Joran reached out and said something like , ‘ My dad died , and we need some cash .
If you guys give me some money , I ’ll come clean , and give you the whole story ’ ” about Holloway , according to one source .
Van der Sloot ’s dad , a lawyer in Aruba , died while playing tennis there in February .
The suspect originally demanded $ 250,000 from Twitty , an Alabama resident , in exchange for his information , according to federal authorities .
After some negotiation , a source said , a meeting was arranged in Aruba between van der Sloot and someone who was ostensibly acting on Twitty ’s behalf .
That meeting was secretly videotaped by the FBI , the source said .
At the meeting , Twitty ’s representative “ gave him $ 10,000 in cash ” and had another $ 15,000 wired — purportedly from the mom to a financial institution in Aruba , which is a territory of the Netherlands .
Van der Sloot “ counted the money twice , ” the source said .
“ It was sting money , it was the FBI ’s money , ” the source said .
“ The f- – - ed - up part is , why did n’t they arrest him then and there ? ” the source said .
An Interpol document says that in exchange for the money , van der Sloot showed the intermediary a house where Holloway ’s remains were supposedly hidden , CNN reported .
But records soon showed that the house was n’t even built when she disappeared — and van der Sloot immediately confessed that he had been lying , the news channel said .
Shortly after that meeting , “ the FBI was warned by Aruban authorities that he was leaving the country , ” the source said .
“ And the FBI apparently did nothing . ”
“ I did hear that [ Holloway ’s family ] was p- – - ed off .
They were told that an arrest was going to happen before he left .
And he left , ” the source said .
“ [ Twitty ] was pretty upset .
“ This would have given them the opportunity to have their day in court with him in the United States . ”
Instead , van der Sloot arrived in Peru on May 14 .
There , he met Flores , the daughter of a local businessman and politician , and spent several days with her before killing her , the source said .
Asked yesterday why prosecutors did n’t charge him sooner , US Attorney spokeswoman Peggy Sanford said , “ We did not obtain an arrest warrant until we had sufficient evidence to support the charges . ”
Asked what additional evidence authorities needed to obtain , she said , “ I just ca n’t comment on that . ”
An FBI spokesman refused to comment .
The Interpol document states that the feds have asked Peru to start the extradition process to bring van der Sloot to the United States , CNN said .
Additional reporting by Geoff Earle in Washington
dan.mangan@nypost.com
A system that allows deaf students to fully take part in mainstream education is being trialled in a Sydney school .
About 10,000 Australian children with hearing loss stand to benefit .
Under the system , the teacher wears a lapel microphone that transmits the audio to a captioner who uses a voice - to - text program to send the words to the student 's laptop in under seven seconds .
‘‘ It has made us learn more ’ ’ ... says Rabia Muhammad , right , who with Lisa White , is trialling the new voice to text recognition system with teacher Sally Pape at Robert Townson High School .
Credit : Lee Besford
Deaf students and disability experts say it could revolutionise how those with hearing loss are taught in secondary and tertiary education .
The system Access Innovation Live , was developed over three years by the Sydney company Access Innovation Media .
It is being trialled at Robert Townson High School in Raby in Sydney 's south - west , and the company is expanding the pilot scheme nationally .
Is There Sex in Heaven ?
We cannot know what X - in - Heaven is unless we know what X is .
We cannot know what sex in Heaven is unless we know what sex is .
We cannot know what in Heaven 's name sex is unless we know what on earth sex is .
But do n't we know ?
Have n't we been thinking about almost nothing else for years and years ?
What else dominates our fantasies , waking and sleeping , twenty - four nose - to - the - grindstone hours a day ?
What else fills our TV shows , novels , plays , gossip columns , self - help books , and psychologies but sex ?
No , we do not think too much about sex ; we think hardly at all about sex .
Dreaming , fantasizing , feeling , experimenting yes .
But honest , look - it - in - the - face thinking ?
hardly ever .
There is no subject in the world about which there is more heat and less light .
Therefore I want to begin with four abstract philosophical principles about the nature of sex .
They are absolutely necessary not only for sanity about sex in Heaven but also for sanity about sex on earth , a goal at least as distant as Heaven to our sexually suicidal society .
The fact that sex is public does not mean it is mature and healthy .
The fact that there are thousands of " how to do it " books on the subject does not mean that we know how ; in fact , it means the opposite .
It is when everybody 's pipes are leaking that people buy books on plumbing .
My four philosophical principles will seem strange or even shocking to many people today .
Yet they are far from radical , or even original ; they are simply the primeval platitudes known to all premodern societies ; the sane , sunny country of sexual common sense by the vote of " the democracy of the dead " .
Yet in another way they are " radical " , in the etymological sense of the word : they are our sexual roots , and our uprooted society is rooting around looking for sexual substitute roots like a pig rooting for truffles .
It has not found them .
That fact should at least make us pause and look back at our " wise blood " , our roots .
Here are four of them .
First Principle : Sex Is Something You Are , Not Something You Do
Suppose you saw a book with the title " The Sexual Life of a Nun " .
You would probably assume it was a scurrilous , gossipy sort of story about tunnels connecting convents and monasteries , clandestine rendezvous behind the high altar , and masking a pregnancy as a tumor .
But it is a perfectly proper title : all nuns have a sexual life .
They are women , not men .
When a nun prays or acts charitably , she prays or acts , not he .
Her celibacy forbids intercourse , but it cannot forbid her to be a woman .
In everything she does her essence plays a part , and her sex is as much a part of her essence as her age , her race , and her sense of humor .
The counterfeit phrase " having sex " ( meaning " inter - course " ) was minted only recently .
Of course a nun " has sex " she is female .
Draftees often fill in the box on their induction forms labeled " sex " not with the word " male " but " occasionally " or " please ! "
The joke would have been unintelligible to previous generations .
The significance of the linguistic change is that we have trivialized sex into a thing to do rather than a quality of our inner being .
It has become a thing of surfaces and external feeling rather than of personality and internal feeling .
Thus even masturbation is called " having sex " , though it is exactly the opposite : a denial of real relationship with the other sex .
The words " masculinity " and " femininity " , meaning something more than merely biological maleness and femaleness , have been reduced from archetypes to stereotypes .
Traditional expectations that men be men and women be women are confused because we no longer know what to expect men and women to be .
Yet , though confused , the expectations remain .
Our hearts desire , even while our minds reject , the old " stereotypes " .
The reason is that the old stereotypes were closer to our innate sexual instincts than are the new stereotypes .
We have sexist hearts even while we have unisex heads .
Evidence for this claim ?
More people are attracted to the old stereotypes than to the new ones .
Romeo still wants to marry Juliet .
The main fault in the old stereotypes was their too - tight connection between sexual being and social doing , their tying of sexual identity to social roles , especially for women : the feeling that it was somehow unfeminine to be a doctor , lawyer , or politician .
But the antidote to this illness is not confusing sexual identities but locating them in our being rather than in our doing .
Thus we can soften up social roles without softening up sexual identities .
In fact , a man who is confident of his inner masculinity is much more likely to share in traditionally female activities like housework and baby care than one who ties his sexuality to his social roles .
If our first principle is accepted , if sexuality is part of our inner essence , then it follows that there is sexuality in Heaven , whether or not we " have sex " and whether or not we have sexually distinct social roles in Heaven .
Second Principle : The Alternative to Chauvinism Is Not Egalitarianism
The two most popular philosophies of sexuality today seem totally opposed to each other ; yet at a most basic level they are in agreement and are equally mistaken .
The two philosophies are the old chauvinism and the new egalitarianism ; and they seem totally opposed .
For chauvinism ( a ) sees one sex as superior to the other , " second " , sex .
This is usually the male , but there are increasingly many strident female chauvinist voices in the current cacophony .
This presupposes ( b ) that the sexes are intrinsically different , different by nature not social convention .
Egalitarianism tries to disagree with ( a ) totally ; it thinks that to do so it has to disagree with ( b ) as well .
But this means that it agrees with chauvinism on ( c ) , the unstated but assumed premise that all differences must be differences in value , or , correlatively , that the only way for two things to be equal in value is for them to be equal in nature .
Both philosophies see sameness or superiority as the only options .
It is from this assumption ( that differences are differences in value ) that the chauvinist argues that the sexes are different in nature , therefore they are different in value .
And it is from the same assumption that the egalitarian argues that the sexes are not different in value , therefore they are not different in nature .
Chauvinism : Egalitarianism : ( c )
and ( b )
therefore ( a ) ( c )
and not ( a )
therefore not ( b )
Once this premise is smoked out , it is easy to see how foolish both arguments are .
Of course not all differences are differences in value .
Are dogs better than cats , or cats than dogs ?
Or are they different only by convention , not by nature ?
Chauvinist and egalitarian should both read the poets , songwriters , and mythmakers to find a third philosophy of sexuality that is both more sane and infinitely more interesting .
It denies neither the obvious rational truth that the sexes are equal in value ( as the chauvinist does ) nor the equally obvious instinctive truth that they are innately different ( as the egalitarian does ) .
It revels in both , and in their difference : vive la difference !
If sexual differences are natural , they are preserved in Heaven , for " grace does not destroy nature but perfects it "
If sexual differences are only humanly and socially conventional , Heaven will remove them as it will remove economics and penology and politics .
( Not many of us have job security after death .
That is one advantage of being a philosopher . )
All these things came after and because of the Fall , but sexuality came as part of God 's original package : " be fruitful and multiply " .
God may unmake what we make , but He does not unmake what He makes .
God made sex , and God makes no mistakes .
Saint Paul 's frequently quoted statement that " in Christ there is neither male nor female " does not mean there is no sex in Heaven .
For it refers not just to Heaven but also to earth : we are " in Christ " now .
( In fact , if we are not " in Christ " now there is no hope of Heaven for us ! )
But we are male or female now .
His point is that our sex does not determine our " in-Christness " ;
God is an equal opportunity employer .
But
He employs the men and women
He created , not the neuters of our imagination .
Third Principle : Sex Is Spiritual
That does not mean " vaguely pious , ethereal , and idealistic " .
" Spiritual " means " a matter of the spirit " , or soul , or psyche , not just the body .
Sex is between the ears before it 's between the legs .
We have sexual souls .
For some strange reason people are shocked at the notion of sexual souls .
They not only disagree ; the idea seems utterly crude , superstitious , repugnant , and incredible to them .
Why ?
We can answer this question only by first answering the opposite one : why is the idea reasonable , enlightened , and even necessary ?
The idea is the only alternative to either materialism or dualism .
If you are a materialist , there is simply no soul for sex to be a quality of .
If you are a dualist , if you split body and soul completely , if you see a person as a ghost in a machine , then one half of the person can be totally different from the other : the body can be sexual without the soul being sexual .
The machine is sexed , the ghost is not .
( This is almost the exact opposite of the truth : ghosts , having once been persons , have sexual identity from their personalities , their souls .
Machines do not . )
No empirical psychologist can be a dualist ; the evidence for psychosomatic unity is overwhelming .
No pervasive feature of either body or soul is insulated from the other ; every sound in the soul echoes in the body , and every sound in the body echoes in the soul .
Let the rejection of dualism be Premise One of our argument .
Premise
Two is the even more obvious fact that biological sexuality is innate , natural , and in fact pervasive to every cell in the body .
It is not socially conditioned , or conventional , or environmental ; it is hereditary .
The inevitable conclusion from these two premises is that sexuality is innate , natural , and pervasive to the whole person , soul as well as body .
The only way to avoid the conclusion is to deny one of the two premises that logically necessitate it - to deny psychosomatic unity or to deny innate somatic sexuality .
In the light of this simple and overwhelming argument , why is the conclusion not only unfamiliar but shocking to so many people in our society ?
I can think of only two reasons .
The first is a mere misunderstanding , the second a serious and substantial mistake .
The first reason would be a reaction against what is wrongly seen as monosexual soul - stereotyping .
A wholly male soul , whatever maleness means , or a wholly female soul , sounds unreal and oversimplified .
But that is not what sexual souls implies .
Rather , in every soul there is to use Jungian termsanima and animus , femaleness and maleness ; just as in the body , one predominates but the other is also present .
If the dominant sex of soul is not the same as that of the body , we have a sexual misfit , a candidate for a sex change operation of body or of soul , earthly or Heavenly .
Perhaps
Heaven supplies such changes just as it supplies all other needed forms of healing .
In any case , the resurrection body perfectly expresses its soul , and since souls are innately sexual , that body will perfectly express its soul 's true sexual identity .
A second reason why the notion of sexual souls sounds strange to many people may be that they really hold a pantheistic rather than a theistic view of spirit as undifferentiated , or even infinite .
They think of spirit as simply overwhelming , or leaving behind , all the distinctions known to the body and the senses .
But this is not the Christian notion of spirit , nor of infinity .
Infinity itself is not undifferentiated in God .
To call God infinite is not to say
He is everything in general and nothing in particular : that is confusing God with The Blob !
God 's infinity means that each of His positive and definite attributes , such as love , wisdom , power , justice , and fidelity , is unlimited .
Spirit is no less differentiated , articulated , structured , or formed than matter .
The fact that our own spirit can suffer and rejoice far more , more delicately and exquisitely , and in a far greater variety of ways , than can the body - this fact should be evidence of spirit 's complexity .
So should the fact that psychology is nowhere near an exact science , as anatomy is .
Differences in general , and sexual differences in particular , increase rather than decrease as you move up the cosmic hierarchy .
( Yes , there is a cosmic hierarchy , unless you can honestly believe that oysters have as much right to eat you as you have to eat them . )
Angels are as superior to us in differentiation as we are to animals .
God is infinitely differentiated , for He is the Author of all differences , all forms .
Each act of creation in Genesis is an act of differentiation light from darkness , land from sea , animals from plants , and so on .
Creating is forming , and forming is differentiating .
Materialism believes differences in form are ultimately illusory appearance ; the only root reality is matter .
Pantheism also believes differences in form are ultimately illusory ; the only root reality is one universal Spirit .
But theism believes form is real because God created it .
And whatever positive reality is in the creation must have its model in the Creator .
We shall ultimately have to predicate sexuality of God Himself , as we shall see next .
Fourth Principle : Sex Is Cosmic
Have you ever wondered why almost all languages except English attribute sexuality to things ?
Trees , rocks , ships , stars , horns , kettles , circles , accidents , trips , ideas , feelings - these , and not just men and women , are masculine or feminine .
Did you always assume unthinkingly that this was of course a mere projection and personification , a reading of our sexuality into nature rather than reading nature 's own sexuality out of it ( or rather , out of her ) ?
Did it ever occur to you that it just might be the other way round , that human sexuality is derived from cosmic sexuality rather than vice versa , that we are a local application of a universal principle ?
If not , please seriously consider the idea now , for it is one of the oldest and most widely held ideas in our history , and one of the happiest .
It is a happy idea because it puts humanity into a more human universe .
We fit ; we are not freaks .
What we are , everything else also is , though in different ways and different degrees .
We are , to use the medieval image , a microcosm , a little cosmos ; the universe is the macrocosm , the same pattern written large .
We are more like little fish inside bigger fish than like sardines in a can .
It is the machine - universe that is our projection , not the human universe .
We do not have time here to apply this idea , so pregnant with consequences , to other aspects of our being , to talk about the cosmic extension of consciousness and volition , but many philosophers have argued for this conclusion , and a deeper eye than reason 's seems to insist on it .
But we can apply it to sexuality here .
It means that sexuality goes all the way up and all the way down the cosmic ladder .
At the " down " end there is " love among the particles " : gravitational and electromagnetic attraction .
That little electron just " knows " the difference between the proton , which she " loves " , and another electron , which is her rival .
If she did not know the difference , she would not behave so knowingly , orbiting around her proton and repelling other electrons , never vice versa .
But , you say , I thought that was because of the balanced resultant of the two merely physical forces of angular momentum , which tends to zoom her straight out of orbit , and bipolar electromagnetic attraction , which tends to zap her down into her proton : too much zoom for a zap and too much zap for a zoom .
Quite right .
But what right do you have to call physical forces " mere " ?
And how do you account for the second of those two forces ?
Why is there attraction between positive and negative charges ?
It is exactly as mysterious as love .
In fact , it is love .
The scientist can tell you how it works , but only the lover knows why .
Sex at the Top
Sex " goes all the way up " as well as " all the way down " .
Spirit is no less sexual than matter ; on the contrary , all qualities and all contrasts are richer , sharper , more real as we rise closer and closer to the archetype of realness , God .
The God of the Bible is not a monistic pudding in which differences are reduced to lumps , or a light that out - dazzles all finite lights and colors .
God is a sexual being , the most sexual of all beings .
This sounds shocking to people only if they see sex only as physical and not spiritual , or if they are Unitarians rather than Trinitarians .
The love relationship between the Father and the Son within the Trinity , the relationship from which the Holy Spirit eternally proceeds , is a sexual relationship .
It is like the human sexual relationship from which a child proceeds in time ; or rather , that relationship is like the divine one .
Sexuality is " the image of God " according to Scripture ( see Genesis 1:27 ) , and for B to be an image of A , A must in some way have all the qualities imaged by B .
God therefore is a sexual being .
There is therefore sex in Heaven because in Heaven we are close to the source of all sex .
As we climb Jacob 's ladder the angels look less like neutered , greeting - card cherubs and more like Mars and Venus .
Another reason we are more , not less , sexual in Heaven is that all earthly perversions of true sexuality are overcome , especially the master perversion , selfishness .
To make self God , to desire selfish pleasure as the summum bonum , is not only to miss
God but to miss pleasure and self as well , and to miss the glory and joy of sex .
Jesus did not merely say , " Seek ye first the kingdom of God " , but also added that " all these things shall be added " when we put first things first .
Each story fits better when the foundation is put first .
C. S. Lewis calls this the principle of " first and second things " .
In any area of life , putting second things first loses not only the first things but also the second things , and putting first things first gains not only the first things but the second things as well .
So to treat sexual pleasure as God is to miss not only God but sexual pleasure too .
The highest pleasure always comes in self - forgetfulness .
Self always spoils its own pleasure .
Pleasure is like light ; if you grab at it , you miss it ; if you try to bottle it , you get only darkness ; if you let it pass , you catch the glory .
The self has a built - in , God-imaging design of self - fulfillment by self - forgetfulness , pleasure through unselfishness , ecstasy by ekstasis , " standing - outside - the - self " .
This is not the self - conscious self - sacrifice of the do - gooder but the spontaneous , unconscious generosity of the lover .
This principle , that the greatest pleasure is self - giving , is graphically illustrated by sexual intercourse and by the very structure of the sexual organs , which must give themselves to each other in order to be fulfilled .
In Heaven , when egotistic perversions are totally eliminated , all pleasure is increased , including sexual pleasure .
Whether this includes physical sexual pleasure or not , remains to be seen .
Application of the Principles : Sex in Heaven
In the most important and obvious sense there is certainly sex in Heaven simply because there are human beings in Heaven .
As we have seen , sexuality , like race and unlike clothes , is an essential aspect of our identity , spiritual as well as physical .
Even if sex were not spiritual , there would be sex in Heaven because of the resurrection of the body .
The body is not a mistake to be unmade or a prison cell to be freed from , but a divine work of art designed to show forth the soul as the soul is to show forth God , in splendor and glory and overflow of generous superfluity .
But is there sexual intercourse in Heaven ?
If we have bodily sex organs , what do we use them for there ?
Not baby - making .
Earth is the breeding colony ; Heaven is the homeland .
Not marriage .
Christ 's words to the Sadducees are quite clear about that .
It is in regard to marriage that we are " like the angels " .
( Note that it is not said that we are like the angels in any other ways , such as lacking physical bodies . )
Might there be another function in which baby - making and marriage are swallowed up and transformed , aufgehoben ?
Everything on earth is analogous to something in Heaven .
Heaven neither simply removes nor simply continues earthly things .
If we apply this principle to sexual intercourse , we get the conclusion that intercourse on earth is a shadow or symbol of intercourse in Heaven .
Could we speculate about what that could be ?
It could certainly be spiritual intercourseand , remember , that includes sexual intercourse because sex is spiritual .
This spiritual intercourse would mean something more specific than universal charity .
It would be special communion with the sexually complementary ; something a man can have only with a woman and a woman only with a man .
We are made complete by such union : " It is not good that the man should be alone . "
And God does not simply rip up His design for human fulfillment .
The relationship need not be confined to one in Heaven .
Monogamy is for earth .
On earth , our bodies are private .
In Heaven , we share each other 's secrets without shame , and voluntarily .
In the Communion of Saints , promiscuity of spirit is a virtue .
The relationship may not extend to all persons of the opposite sex , at least not in the same way or degree .
If it did extend to all , it would treat each differently simply because each is different sexually as well as in other ways .
I think there must be some special " kindred souls " in Heaven that we are designed to feel a special sexual love for .
That would be the Heavenly solution to the earthly riddle of why in the world John falls for Mary , of all people , and not for Jane , and why romantic lovers feel their love is fated , " in the stars " , " made in Heaven " .
But this would differ from romantic love on earth in that it would be free , not driven ; from soul to body , not from body to soul .
Nor would it feel apart from or opposed to the God-relationship , but a part of it or a consequence of it :
His design , the wave of His baton .
It would also be totally unselfconscious and unselfish : the ethical goodness of agape joined to the passion of eros ; agape without external , abstract law and duty , and eros without selfishness or animal drives .
But would it ever take the form of physical sexual intercourse ?
We should explore this question , not to kowtow to modernity 's sexual monomania but because it is an honest question about something of great significance to us now , and because we simply want to know all we can about Heaven .
Since there are bodies in Heaven , able to eat and be touched , like Christ 's resurrection body , there is the possibility of physical intercourse .
But why might the possibility be actualized ?
What are its possible purposes and meanings ?
We know Heaven by earthly clues .
Let us try to read all the clues in earthly intercourse .
It has three levels of meaning : the subhuman , or animal ; the superhuman , or divine ; and the specifically human .
( All three levels exist in us humans . )
Animal reasons for intercourse include ( i ) the conscious drive for pleasure and ( 2 ) the unconscious drive to perpetuate the species .
Both would be absent in Heaven .
For although there are unimaginably great pleasures in Heaven , we are not driven by them .
And the species is complete in eternity : no need for breeding .
Transhuman reasons for intercourse include ( i ) idolatrous love of the beloved as a substitute for God and ( 2 ) the Dante - Beatrice love of the beloved as an image of God .
As to the first , there is , of course , no idolatry in Heaven .
No substitutes for God are even tempting when God Himself is present .
As to the second , the earthly beloved was a window to God , a mirror reflecting the divine beauty .
That is why the lover was so smitten .
Now that the reality is present , why stare at the mirror ?
The impulse to adore has found its perfect object .
Furthermore , even on earth this love leads not to intercourse but to infatuation .
Dante neither desired nor enacted intercourse with Beatrice .
Specifically human reasons for intercourse include ( 1 ) consummating a monogamous marriage and ( 2 ) the desire to express personal love .
As to the first , there is no marriage in Heaven .
But what of the second ?
I think there will probably be millions of more adequate ways to express love than the clumsy ecstasy of fitting two bodies together like pieces of a jigsaw puzzle .
Even the most satisfying earthly intercourse between spouses cannot perfectly express all their love .
If the possibility of intercourse in Heaven is not actualized , it is only for the same reason earthly lovers do not eat candy during intercourse : there is something much better to do .
The question of intercourse in Heaven is like the child 's question whether you can eat candy during intercourse : a funny question only from the adult 's point of view .
Candy is one of children 's greatest pleasures ; how can they conceive a pleasure so intense that it renders candy irrelevant ?
Only if you know both can you compare two things , and all those who have tasted both the delights of physical intercourse with the earthly beloved and the delights of spiritual intercourse with God testify that there is simply no comparison .
A Heavenly Reading of the Earthly Riddle of Sex
This spiritual intercourse with God is the ecstasy hinted at in all earthly intercourse , physical or spiritual .
It is the ultimate reason why sexual passion is so strong , so different from other passions , so heavy with suggestions of profound meanings that just elude our grasp .
No mere practical needs account for it .
No mere animal drive explains it .
No animal falls in love , writes profound romantic poetry , or sees sex as a symbol of the ultimate meaning of life because no animal is made in the image of God .
Human sexuality is that image , and human sexuality is a foretaste of that self - giving , that losing and finding the self , that oneness - in - manyness that is the heart of the life and joy of the Trinity .
That is what we long for ; that is why we tremble to stand outside ourselves in the other , to give our whole selves , body and soul : because we are images of God the sexual being .
We love the other sex because God loves God .
And this earthly love is so passionate because Heaven is full of passion , of energy and dynamism .
We correctly deny that God has passions in the passive sense , being moved , driven , or conditioned by them , as we are .
But to think of the love that made the worlds , the love that became human , suffered alienation from itself and died to save us rebels , the love that gleams through the fanatic joy of Jesus ' obedience to the will of His Father and that shines in the eyes and lives of the saints to think of this love as any less passionate than our temporary and conditioned passions " is a most disastrous fantasy " .
And that consuming fire of love is our destined Husband , according to His own promise .
Sex in Heaven ?
Indeed , and no pale , abstract , merely mental shadow of it either .
Earthly sex is the shadow , and our lives are a process of thickening so that we can share in the substance , becoming Heavenly fire so that we can endure and rejoice in the Heavenly fire .
From Everything You Ever Wanted to Know About Heaven
Looking to bulk up for the beach , little guy ?
Might want to think twice about that Muscle Milk© and MuscleTech Nitro - Tech Hardcore™ powder .
That is , unless you do n't mind a little extra lead and arsenic floating around inside your body .
The July issue of Consumer Reports has a study of popular muscle - building protein powders and drinks just in time for the onset of summer .
Besides getting jacked up on extra lead and arsenic , you can also set yourself up with raging diarrhea ( weight loss ! ) and protein headaches ( proof it 's working ) and kidney failure ( black market organ transplant ? ) .
And did you know that the government does n't really care what these companies put in their products ?
From Consumer Reports :
But federal regulations do not generally require that protein drinks and other dietary supplements be tested before they are sold to ensure that they are safe , effective , and free of contaminants , as the rules require of prescription drugs .
Whatever .
We all have that stuff inside our bodies anyway , so what harm could a little more really do ?
You can trust these companies with your life because they 're in the business of making people healthy and getting you totally fucking ripped , bro .
Promoting healthy living always trumps profit in America .
NPR contacted Cytosport , Inc. , the company that makes Muscle Milk© , and the company 's founder , Greg Pickett , said metals found in protein drinks are a natural occurrence :
Pickett says that his products clear independent testing standards and " do not reflect the concentrations " in the Consumer Reports article .
A muscle powder trade group official told Consumer Reports that humans can consume as much protein as they want , with no ill effects , as long as you balance it out with other nutrients .
So you 're all set : Load up on a few cases of Muscle Milk© every day ( $ 40.99 online for a twelve pack ) , balance it all out with a meal or two and you 'll be ready to flex those biceps in no time , right ?
Not so , says Kathleen Laquale , a licensed nutritionist and certified athletic trainer .
" The body can only break down 5 to 9 grams of protein per hour , and any excess that is not burned for energy is converted to fat or excreted , so it 's a ridiculous waste to be recommending so much more than you really need , " she says .
Hmm .
Who to believe ?
Here in America , its better to put your trust in the hands of free enterprise first , because we know that these " experts " always have some hidden agenda .
[ Image via ]
* BP said it would get $ 10 bln in tax benefits
* Boeing , Goldman did not take tax deductions
* Most deductions unrelated to fines , penalties , are legal ( Adds byline , Goldman details , tax professor comment )
WASHINGTON , July 28 ( Reuters ) - A U.S. senator from Florida called for a congressional inquiry into BP Plc's BP.L plan to use losses from the Gulf of Mexico oil spill to reap $ 10 billion in tax benefits .
Senator Bill Nelson said on Wednesday he wants a probe into whether BP , which announced on Tuesday a $ 32 billion charge linked to the clean - up , will be deducting legal expenses related to nondeductible fines and penalties , and whether BP should deduct the full cost of its $ 20 billion clean - up fund .
Such costs and legal expenses are generally deductible , tax experts have said .
BP said on Tuesday it was abiding by all U.S. tax laws .
But Nelson urged a congressional leader to start a probe of the federal tax treatment of costs incurred by BP as a result of the worst oil spill in U.S. history .
“ I was appalled upon learning that BP intends to shift nearly $ 10 billion of the costs related to the Gulf oil spill to the backs of American taxpayers , including the very taxpayers whose lives have been devastated by the spill , ” Nelson , a Democratic member of the tax - writing Senate Finance Committee , wrote to the panel ’s chairman , Max Baucus .
Fines and penalties imposed by the government are usually not tax deductible .
“ Legal fees , and deductions for things to keep them in business are most likely deductible , ” as well as other costs that can be labeled as business expenses , said Karen Brown , a tax law professor at George Washington University .
“ In this case , there is a lot of public shame , ” she said .
“ It would still be unusual for them to agree to ( not take the tax benefit ) . ”
Nelson mentioned the decision by Boeing Co BA.N , under pressure from lawmakers , to forgo tax benefits from a $ 615 million settlement of an ethics probe in 2006 .
He also said that Goldman Sachs Group Inc GS.N is electing not to deduct its $ 550 million settlement recently announced with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission .
Goldman , another company dogged with public relations woes , said in a regulatory filing that it had agreed with the SEC to not apply for a tax deduction or credit as part of its settlement .
( Reporting by Kim Dixon ; editing by Andre Grenon and Tim Dobbyn )
American users who log onto Google.com today will see an unusual ad - promo line beneath the normal search box .
It talks about the First Amendment and steers users to a site called " 1 for All . "
Google.com home page today :
Close up view :
Evan Osnos of the New Yorker -- a good friend , a gifted reporter and writer , an example of the promising future of journalism , and anything else positive one would like to say ( capable linguist , too ) -- reported just now from Beijing that it is hard to believe that such a message is mere coincidence , coming at a time of Google 's intensifying struggle with the Chinese government on free expression .
If it were not 3:45 am in Beijing as I type , I would be able to talk with Evan there and say that , by improbable chance , I happen to know first hand that the timingcoincidental , rather than being a deliberate harpoon in the Chinese government 's side .
( I have sent him emails to this effect ; presumably we 'll be in touch in a few hours .
By the way , except for this detail , every other part of the analysis in his column rings true to me . )
Here 's how I know :
In my recent cover story about " Google and the News , " I mention a speech that Eric Schmidt , Google 's CEO , gave to the American Society of News Editors in Washington in April .
I was at the speech , and along with the several hundred others in the audience I saw the presentation that occurred just before Schmidt took the stage .
It was a very strong pitch for a public - awareness campaign about the First Amendment called " 1 for All , " which would be launched on July 1 ( today ) .
Background on the effort is here ; the main idea , at a time when the news industry is having woes of every sort around the world , was to enlist big companies and big names to remind Americans of the importance of a viable free press .
The campaign 's promoters were asking American newspapers , broadcast stations , ad agencies , etc to donate time and space to the messages in July .
The tone of Schmidt 's message to the editors , as I reported , was " we 're all in this together . "
Ie , that Google felt it had a long - term interest in the viability of the press .
Consistent with that outlook , when the " 1 for All " presentation was over , I heard Schmidt tell some associates from Google that he wanted them to look into lending support to the campaign .
Apparently the plan went ahead ; Google is listed as one of the " Friends of 1 for All " at the 1 - for - A site .
Now it 's July -- which also turns out to be the moment when Google 's confrontation with the Chinese government reaches a new decision point .
The official Google announcement of the campaign does say : " At a time when restrictions on speech are increasing around the globe , we think it 's essential to remind ourselves that we can't take freedom of expression for granted . "
So , the implications of any stand for press freedom obviously challenge the Chinese government 's view .
But for those following the Google - China struggle , this is indeed that improbable thing -- genuine coincidence -- rather than a deliberate escalating step .
And in any case , the momentum toward escalation seems powerful enough on its own .
Time 's new cover of Aisha , an 18 - year - old Afghan woman whose Taliban husband cut off her nose and ears because she ran away from his family 's and his abuse , is horrifying , necessary — and a little misleading .
Advertisement
It 's not the photo .
That does appear to be the outcome of some serious thought by Time editor Richard Stengel , who writes ,
First , I wanted to make sure of Aisha 's safety and that she understood what it would mean to be on the cover .
She knows that she will become a symbol of the price Afghan women have had to pay for the repressive ideology of the Taliban .
We also confirmed that she is in a secret location in Kabul protected by armed guards and sponsored by the NGO Women for Afghan Women .
Aisha will head to the U.S. for reconstructive surgery sponsored by the Grossman Burn Foundation , a humanitarian organization in California .
We are supporting that effort .
Advertisement
He also says Time consulted with child psychologists over the impact the cover might have on children .
But it 's not the image , which demands that apathetic readers to confront religiously - sanctioned violence against women without looking away .
It 's the headline : " What Happens If We Leave Afghanistan . "
In fact , Aisha 's abuse and mutilation took place last year , with U.S. troops ' presence in the country and alongside Afghan women 's significant progress on certain fronts .
Women For Women in Afghanistan has some more details on her tragic background :
She was sold at the age of 10 by her father to a married man , a Talib .
He kept her in the stable with the animals until she was 12 ( when she got her first menstrual period ) .
At the age of 12 he married her .
From the day that she arrived in his house , she was beaten regularly by this man and his family .
Sometimes she was beaten so badly that she could n't get up for days .
Six months ago before she came to us , she was beaten so badly by her husband that she thought that she was going to die .
She ran away and went to the neighbor 's house .
The neighbor took to her to the police .
Advertisement
Such stories are obscene , not at all uncommon , and need to be told .
But there is an elision here between these women 's oppression and what the U.S. military presence can and should do about it , which in turn simplifies the complexities of the debate and turns it into , " Well , do you want to help Aisha or not ? "
While Aryn Baker 's story features the voices of many Afghan women who worry that the likely compromise with the Taliban vis a vis a possible U.S. exit will curtail their new freedoms , it does n't actually forcefully make the case that American military presence is the only solution to their problems .
( That 's probably because Baker is a reporter , not a commentator , and it's the job of headline writers to grab readers at almost any cost . )
Advertisement
There are , however , conflicting signals about how seriously committed U.S. officials are , in the context of an exist plan , to pushing back at the resurgence of the Taliban as it affects women in the country .
One anonymous diplomat tells Baker , " You have to be realistic .
We are not going to be sending troops and spending money forever .
There will have to be a compromise , and sacrifices will have to be made . "
On the other hand , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton recently told reporters that women 's rights are a " red line " that wo n't be crossed : " I do n't think there is such a political solution , one that would be a lasting , sustainable one , that would turn the clock back on women , " she said , after relative quiet on the issue last year .
What would turning the clock back mean exactly ?
This is something the story actually does describe in detail :
During Taliban times , women 's voices were banned from the radio , and TV was forbidden , but last month a female anchor interviewed a former Taliban leader on a national broadcast .
Under the Taliban , Robina Muqimyar Jalalai , one of Afghanistan 's first two female Olympic athletes , spent her girlhood locked behind the walls of her family compound .
Now she is running for parliament and wants a sports ministry created , which she hopes to lead .
" We have women boxers and women footballers , " she says .
" I go running in the stadium where the Taliban used to play football with women 's heads . "
Advertisement
There is also a 25 percent quota for women in Parliament , although that has n't always helped protect women 's rights , as seen in the case of a bill that " authorized husbands in Shi‘ite families to withhold money and food from wives who refuse to provide sex , limited inheritance and custody of children in the case of divorce and denied women freedom of movement without permission from their families . "
( That 's partly because some of the female parliamentarians are " proxies for conservative men who boosted them into power , " according to one of their colleagues . )
As The Nation 's Greg Mitchell notes , the story leaves out many other things that might happen if we leave Afghanistan , as well as other " on the ground " realities .
And he points to Nicholas Kristof — no slouch on the issue of women 's rights — arguing in today 's Times that framing our presence in Afghanistan as an either - or between military engagement or abandoning the human rights of the vulnerable is a false premise :
An unbalanced focus on weapons alone is often counterproductive , creating a nationalist backlash against foreign " invaders . "
Over all , education has a rather better record than military power in neutralizing foreign extremism ....
Aid groups show that it is quite possible to run schools so long as there is respectful consultation with tribal elders and buy - in from them ... [ Greg ]
Mortenson lamented to me that for the cost of just 246 soldiers posted for one year , America could pay for a higher education plan for all Afghanistan .
That would help build an Afghan economy , civil society and future — all for one - quarter of 1 percent of our military spending in Afghanistan this year .
Advertisement
Let 's at least make that part of the conversation .
Afghan Women And The Return Of The Taliban [ Time ]
Women Of Afghanistan : Living Under The Taliban Threat [ Time ]
What 's Hard To Look At [ Time ]
One Soldier Or 20 Schools In Afghanistan ? [ NYT ]
Response To Controversial Time Cover : What Also Happens If We Leave Afghanistan [ The Nation ]
Women For Afghan Women [ Official Site ]
Advertisement
Related : Clinton Warns On Women 's Rights In Afghanistan [ WP ]
What Could Possibly Go Wrong
The Seattle City Council is about to give the state permission to dig the world 's largest deep - bore tunnel under downtown Seattle .
Here 's what the city council does n't want you to know before they vote .
Greg Stump
You 're about to get fucked , Seattle .
On a Monday between now and the middle of August , the Seattle City Council is likely to approve a contract that gives the State of Washington permission to dig a 54 - foot - wide tunnel under downtown Seattle .
It will be the widest deep - bore tunnel attempted anywhere , ever .
It will cost an estimated $ 4.2 billion to replace the dilapidated Alaskan Way Viaduct on Seattle 's waterfront , making this underground highway the most expensive megaproject in state history .
The state has committed up to $ 2.8 billion , the city has pledged $ 937 million , and the Port of Seattle is supposed to pay $ 300 million .
The single most expensive element , the tunnel portion itself , will cost about $ 1.9 billion .
A state law passed in 2009 says Seattle property owners must bear the expense of any cost overruns on the state 's project .
This is unprecedented .
" The cost overruns on a state highway should not be borne by the citizens of Seattle , " says state senator Ed Murray , whose district includes Capitol Hill and parts of downtown .
" We have never done that to any other jurisdiction in the state . "
The law also says , unequivocally , that the state wo n't pay more than $ 2.8 billion .
We simply have no plan for who will pay cost overruns .
Under the current rules , if something goes wrong , Seattle taxpayers are on the hook for cost overruns .
Seattle 's budget was fucked this year — facing a midyear shortfall of $ 12 million , the city cut a plan to hire 20 police officers , slashed millions from parks maintenance , let staff go from libraries — and next year 's budget projection is even worse .
Seattle is facing an estimated $ 56 million shortfall in 2011 , which will require more painful cuts .
But those deficits are nothing compared to what will happen if the state 's end of the tunnel goes over budget and Seattle has to find the money to cover the cost overruns .
The city 's taxpayers could face a $ 1 billion bill .
But Governor Chris Gregoire and most members of the city council — under city council president Richard Conlin 's leadership — insist that there is nothing to worry about and that any public discussion about potential cost overruns is unnecessary .
So the city council is on the verge of committing Seattle to this project despite the fact that there are no complete designs yet , despite the fact that there are no bids in from contractors , despite the fact that we do n't really know how much it will cost , and despite the fact that we have n't seen the state 's environmental impact study .
The governor and the city council 's leadership insist there wo n't be errors , that there wo n't be cost overruns , that nothing could possibly go wrong .
They 're lying to you , Seattle .
Megaprojects of this scale are historically risky and expensive , prone to massive cost overruns .
According to an authoritative analysis of 258 massive transportation projects by one of the world 's foremost authorities on the subject , Bent Flyvbjerg , a Danish professor at the University of Oxford , 9 out of 10 transportation megaprojects run over their estimates .
For tunnel and bridge projects , Flyvbjerg found , " actual costs are on average 34 percent higher than estimated costs . "
When it comes to projects like this , things going wrong — things that lead to massive cost overruns — are the rule , not the exception .
So what could possibly go wrong ?
Lots .
The tunnel - boring machine gets stuck
A massive cylinder with a rotating face covered in blades that gnash away rock and soil , a tunnel - boring machine ( TBM ) churns everything in its path to paste , which cargo cars then haul to the surface .
Each machine is custom - made just for the width of the tunnel it needs to dig .
Our TBM will cost around $ 80 million to build , and , at 56 feet in diameter , it will be the widest TBM ever constructed .
" I 've been talking about a 56 - foot - wide machine for a long time , " says Council Member Mike O'Brien .
" Then I looked at a building about five stories tall and thought , ' Holy shit , that is 56 feet .
That is one big-ass fucking machine . ' "
Our TBM will confront a mixture of sedimentary elements in soft soil , which are the most difficult conditions to penetrate because the loose material tends to cave in behind the machine .
So as the machine grinds forward , it must simultaneously create a concrete tunnel lining behind it to hold up the earth .
Those concrete slabs narrow the diameter of the hole , preventing the TBM from backing up .
Tunneling machines can't travel in reverse .
And if the TBM 's blades break , the machine can't move forward .
It 's stuck .
This is not only the most expensive thing that could go wrong , it 's also a fairly common thing that goes wrong .
Two TBMs recently got stuck underground in King County .
One was 320 feet below an elementary school in Bothell and another is still stuck at the same depth under Lake Forest Park .
Both TBMs — each about 15 feet wide — hit loose , abrasive soil and clay that damaged the cutting blades and clogged the mechanisms inside while they were excavating tunnels designed to carry effluent from the Brightwater sewage - treatment facility to Puget Sound .
One was immobilized for nine months , and the other has n't budged in over a year .
" They had problems with sand and grit getting into the rotating part of the tunnel - boring machine face , and it broke down where it was very deep , " says Ron Posthuma , assistant director of the King County Department of Transportation , the agency overseeing the project .
The $ 1.8 billion Brightwater project is currently 24 percent over budget .
The tunnels were slated to be complete this year but now have been postponed until 2013 .
The soil conditions that the Brightwater TBMs encountered — the soil conditions that disabled two of the TBMs — appear to be the same soil conditions underneath downtown Seattle .
" The soils along the alignment are composed of substantial portions of abrasive minerals including quartz grains and quartz - rich rock , " reads the state 's geotechnical report released in June by the Washington State Department of Transportation ( WSDOT ) .
" These granular soils are abrasive and are expected to cause heavy wear on equipment during excavation .
There is no tunnel - industry standard applicable to quantifying the abrasivity of a soil and its impact on excavation - equipment longevity and replacement .
On other tunneling projects of smaller size TBMs in the Seattle area , substantial wear occurred to the TBMs ' cutterheads . "
The state foresees other troubling conditions for the biggest TBM ever constructed .
Clay : " The clays present ... pose a risk of clogging equipment . "
Boulders : " Cobbles and boulders will be encountered in all [ areas ] along the alignment .
Boulders within the soil deposits will slow TBM progress and contribute to wear and / or damage to TBM components . "
Levent Ozdemir is the author of North American Tunneling , a technical book that examines , among other things , TBMs getting stuck underground due to boulders .
" The tunnel boring machines were stuck ... a total of 12 times in 40 cases ( 30 percent overall stuck rate ) . "
Ozdemir notes that " the delay and cost consequences of getting stuck are very high " in tunnels deeper than 50 feet and in those that go beneath the water table .
Seattle 's tunnel will go about 120 feet deep and will go below the water table near Pioneer Square .
Ozdemir cites an example of a TBM that got stuck underground near Seattle when the machine digging the Snohomish River undercrossing got stuck .
Tunnel Talk , a website that tracks tunneling projects , cites a case in the Swiss Alps .
The TBM digging the Gotthard Base Tunnel got stuck in 2005 when it hit unstable , soft soils — similar to the soils under downtown Seattle — and the tunnel collapsed in front of the cutting blades .
So what happens if a TBM gets stuck under downtown Seattle ?
A TBM can't be backed up , and it can't be dismantled underground .
It can only be dug out .
" I am envisioning this scenario where a 56 - foot boring machine gets stuck under the Federal Building and you can't dig it out because it is under the building , " says O'Brien .
If the TBM does stall under the Federal Building — or any one of the 390 downtown buildings it will pass under or near — a five - story - wide chasm would have to be opened in a downtown street to the depth of the stalled machine .
Then a tunnel would have to be dug sideways to the stalled machine .
Then the soil above this second tunnel would have to be shored up , to protect the buildings above , and only then could the broken TBM be lifted out and a new TBM lowered down into the hole — a new machine that could also break down .
Our plan to deal with a broken machine is inadequate
" In this worst - case scenario , " state consultants say in a document assessing risk released last October , " the TBM will fail and be rendered useless , resulting in the project contractor abandoning the project and necessitating a new contractor to be found . "
The state requires all of the bidders to have bonds , essentially insurance , which cover costs if they abandon the job .
But the bonds on this project may not cover those costs .
Until a few years ago , the rule was that companies had to be bonded to the full amount of their contract — which makes sense .
In addition to the cost of dealing with an abandoned machine and finishing a project , the bond must also pay for a new contractor who will charge more to complete the job ( after all , the previous business could n't make it work for the amount of money the state was paying ) .
However , the state legislature suspended its own bonding rules for five years in 2009 — the time frame that our tunnel goes out to bid — and now only requires that a project be bonded up to $ 500 million .
The tunneling portion of the contract examined for bonding purposes is $ 1.2 billion , more than double the bonding requirement .
This has a major advantage for the state :
Bids come in lower because the contractors do n't have to include the cost of more expensive bonds .
This has a major disadvantage for the city :
If the bonds do n't cover the cost of the TBM 's failure , there 's not enough money to pay for the project .
" It 's not the state 's risk , because they want the city to take on cost overruns , " says Mayor Mike McGinn .
" They have been telling us they have been doing everything they can to reduce risk , but they 're doing what they can with the bond requirement to put risk of overrun on Seattle taxpayers . "
The state claims it has addressed these concerns by requiring two sets of consultants to determine what the worst - case scenario would cost and whether $ 500 million would cover it .
And what do you know ?
The state says it will work out just fine .
Paula Hammond , the state 's secretary of transportation , wrote in a letter to the office of financial management last November that " the state 's maximum exposure to loss is $ 467 million , so a performance bond set at $ 500 million is reasonable . "
But not everyone is convinced that $ 500 million will cover it .
" All of the assumptions we picked are rosy , " says O'Brien .
For example , the state estimates that retrieving a stuck machine could cost up to 10 percent of the remaining project cost , and inserting a new one could cost another 10 percent ( 20 percent total ) .
But then — in outlining the " worst - case scenario " — the state only figures in 3 percent cost total for both of them .
O'Brien says , " We round in our favor every time . "
The ground caves in
Because we 're dealing with loose soil , there is a chance that the ground could cave in behind the tunneling machine .
This is n't as likely as a TBM breaking down , but it can and does happen .
In fact , it happened last year north of Seattle on the Brightwater project .
A 30 - foot - wide , 15 - foot - deep sinkhole swallowed up Pauline Chihara 's driveway in Kenmore .
Tom and Jan Glithero , who live above another one of the Brightwater tunnels in Bothell , found cracks in the brickwork in their home , their patio , and their driveway — all attributed to settling caused by the tunnel 's excavation underneath the couple 's home .
In 2003 , a sinkhole opened up near a tunnel being bored in London , and people had to evacuate their homes .
On March 3 , 2009 , a tunnel collapsed in Cologne , consuming the city 's historical archives building and killing two people .
" I 've seen overexcavations open up 300 - meter tall caverns over the TBM , and all that dirt fell right on the machine , " John Turner , chief engineer of TBM builder the Robbins Company , told Machine Design in 2001 .
" And the cave - in can go all the way to the surface , which is a real disaster . "
In the same article , Marco Giorelli , a product manager for another TBM builder , said , " Overexcavations can be particularly harmful in cities ...
They lead to settlement , and it does n't take much settling to damage buildings . "
The loose soil in downtown Seattle does n't have driveways or single - family homes sitting on top of it .
It has the historic buildings in Pioneer Square , new condo towers and hotels , and the tallest buildings in the state .
Not all the money will come through
Of the total project cost of $ 4.2 billion , about $ 937 million is Seattle 's responsibility ( to rebuild the seawall and move utilities ) and $ 3.1 billion is the state 's responsibility .
Most of the state 's money is coming from gas taxes .
But the state is relying on two tenuous funding sources to come up with $ 700 million of its share : the Port of Seattle and bonds for future tolling of the tunnel .
The Port of Seattle is supposed to chip in $ 300 million toward the project , but the state 's agreement with the port is nonbinding .
The port passed a resolution in April that says , " To the extent feasible and authorized by the port commission , " it will come up with the money , as long as it does n't interfere with the port 's other responsibilities .
The port is partly funded by property taxes , which have plummeted as property values have dropped in the recession .
" The commission has n't specified the source of funds for our contribution , " says Port of Seattle spokeswoman Charla Skaggs .
" A key component will be the tax levy , but commissioners have directed staff to limit the need for levy resources for the contribution as much as possible . "
And if the port does n't feel like coming through with the money or it 's strained to meet its other obligations , it does n't have to pay anything .
The tolling revenue , which is budgeted to generate up to $ 400 million , is slightly more secure .
The state plans to issue bonds ( based on future tolls ) that Ron Paananen , who is overseeing the tunnel project , says will likely end up producing $ 385 million .
Although promising , the toll money raises an obvious question :
Who pays the other $ 15 million ?
The state ?
Seattle ?
Nobody knows .
There is n't enough money set aside for cost overruns
The state and some city council members have repeatedly trumpeted $ 415 million set aside to cover cost overruns .
That figure sounds good .
The riskiest part of the viaduct - replacement project is the $ 1.9 billion for the tunnel .
And the actual tunnel excavation itself , the riskiest part of the tunnel , represents just $ 350 million of the project 's total cost .
So the amount set aside should protect us , right ?
Nope .
It turns out that more than a third of that money is actually set aside to cover the costs of inflation , leaving just $ 258 million to cover cost overruns .
That would leave enough to cover cost overruns of about 13 percent for the price of the tunnel — far below the 34 percent average on this sort of tunneling project .
But it gets worse :
The state 's obligation is for about $ 3 billion of work .
So the money set aside for cost overruns represents less than 10 percent of the state 's total project cost .
And it 's not just the tunnel that could go over budget .
The downtown bus tunnel , completed in 1990 , ran 56 percent over its initial projected budget , according to a report last November from the Sightline Institute .
Posthuma , assistant director of King County 's transportation department , points out that the tunnel itself — a very different sort of tunnel — came in 25 percent under the final estimates when it went out to bid .
So what increased the costs of the project overall ?
" It was partly the station finishes , " he says , " and also the surface street finishes , " among other expenses .
This project is much more than just a tunnel — one that involves a lot of " street finishes . "
Huge swaths of downtown Seattle and the waterfront are going to be rebuilt — and a lot could go wrong , and a lot of other parts of the project could come in over budget .
WSDOT must pay for a 13 - lane - wide tunnel portal on the south end , reconnecting the street grid on the north end , rebuilding part of the downtown waterfront where the Alaskan Way Viaduct now stands , as well as some utility repairs and more .
Those are essentially road projects that , while less risky than tunnels , frequently come in over budget .
Returning to Flyvbjerg 's report , the one that examined 258 megaprojects , when it comes to road projects , " actual costs are on average 20 percent higher than estimated costs . "
The light - rail tunnel under Beacon Hill also ran over budget by 30 percent ( from an estimated to $ 238.6 million to $ 309 million ) .
Many of those costs had nothing to do with the tunnel .
They were attributed to station construction and elevators .
There simply is n't enough money set aside to cover " average " cost overruns , to say nothing of the catastrophic cost overruns we could face if a TBM gets stuck under downtown Seattle — or if a hole swallows a downtown office building .
Lots of other things go wrong
The ground could settle in unpredictable ways , a sewage line could break , bidders could drop out and the remaining bidders could gouge the state , there could be another earthquake , the bids could come in at a price higher than the amount the state has agreed to pay — and the project could get tied up in court .
In fact , Elizabeth Campbell , a Magnolia resident and head of the group Seattle Citizens Against the Tunnel , is determined to file a lawsuit as soon as the council approves the contract .
While construction unions are backing this project , labor disputes could also get in the way .
In Vancouver , BC , Bilfinger Berger won a $ 100 million contract to build tunnels for a water filtration system .
Work began in 2004 but stopped in 2008 , when falling rock injured several workers .
Metro Vancouver terminated the contract in May of 2008 , claiming that Bilfinger Berger had refused to resume work on the tunnel even though safety concerns had been addressed ; the company claimed the stop - work order was never lifted .
The upshot : A new company got the contract , but , once the tunnel opens later this year , it will cost an estimated $ 400 million .
That 's four times its bid price .
The people who say , " Nothing will go wrong " are often wrong ( or they 're lying )
The top reason why transportation projects run over budget is because people who have the most to gain — developers bidding on contracts , labor unions worried about jobs , state agencies with reputations on the line , politicians looking for campaign contributions , construction unions that make campaign contributions — have an incentive to lie about risks .
Once the project is under way , it is hard to stop , even if costs skyrocket .
The Big Dig in Boston started with an estimate of $ 2.8 billion , which grew to a final cost of $ 14.6 billion , and is expected to cost $ 22 billion with interest when it 's finally paid off in 2038 .
" The use of deception and lying as tactics in power struggles aimed at getting projects started and at making a profit appear to best explain why costs are highly and systematically underestimated in transportation infrastructure projects , " say Flyvbjerg , Mette Skamris Holm , and Søren Buhl in a report from 2002 .
" Legislators , administrators , investors , media representatives , and members of the public who value honest numbers should not trust cost estimates and cost benefit analyses produced by project promoters . "
In this case , the " project promoters " trying to muscle through the tunnel contract are Governor Gregoire and certain members of the Seattle City Council .
And something else that undermines the credibility of tunnel backers :
They are running from this debate .
Mayor McGinn offered to debate council president Conlin about the tunnel and cost overruns , Town Hall Seattle offered to host the debate , and KING 5 was anxious to air it .
Conlin refused to debate the mayor .
After Conlin refused , the offer was extended to Council Member Sally Bagshaw , who made her support for the tunnel a big issue in her campaign for city council , but she also refused .
Likewise , Council Member Tom Rasmussen , chair of the council 's transportation committee , refused to debate the mayor .
For his part , Rasmussen says that the city has consultants who will look at various potential risks — such as those associated with relocating utility lines , soil conditions , and insurance , among other things — and make sure the city is n't exposed to undue liability .
" There will be no sugarcoating , no rose - colored glasses , " Rasmussen says .
" We have to know all the risks and make sure all of them are honestly portrayed and explained to us ...
I do n't want people to think that we want this so badly that we are ignoring any red flags . "
The mayor 's office characterizes the work of the council 's consultants largely as nipping at the edges of bigger problems while ignoring some of the project 's larger inherent risks — like constructing the widest deep - bore tunnel in history .
In June , McGinn hired an independent consultant , tunneling risk expert Thom Neff , to look at the risk .
" I think it is important that there is at least one expert who was n't hired by tunnel cheerleaders , " McGinn says .
All of the city 's consultants and the state 's engineers are — almost certainly — doing their very best .
But every megaproject that ever went over budget had plenty of diligent consultants doing their very best .
The issue here is n't the number of consultants picking this project apart .
It 's whether the city council is going to approve a contract that financially shackles Seattle taxpayers to a state project that the city wo n't have any control over .
Right now , the city and state do n't have a plan for dealing with cost overruns .
And the only thing on paper right now unequivocally states Seattle taxpayers must pay for all cost overruns .
But requiring a change to that state law before approving the contract , as McGinn has suggested , " is a way of definitely killing the project , " Rasmussen says .
* * *
Maybe the project deserves to die
" If we were trying to cure cancer , we could say , ' Go ahead , it 's worth the money , ' " says Cary Moon , director of the People 's Waterfront Coalition .
" But for a two - mile - long stretch of what will be a not - very - well - used road — is it worth this level of significant risk and money ? "
The numbers for the tunnel — once it 's completed — do n't look very good .
The current Alaskan Way Viaduct carries about 110,000 cars a day .
Once the tunnel opens in 2015 , the number of cars using Highway 99 through downtown Seattle will drop to 46,000 cars a day , according to a tolling study by the state .
That means 64,000 additional vehicles a day will be forced onto downtown surface roads , along the waterfront , and onto I - 5 .
Why ?
Cars that want to go downtown can't use the tunnel because it will have no downtown exits .
And people who do n't want to pay the toll wo n't use it .
During peak hours , the trip will be $ 4 one way and $ 3.50 the other .
That 's $ 7.50 to use the tunnel .
Many of the cars diverted from Highway 99 will pour into Pioneer Square instead , further clogging that neighborhood 's already traffic - clogged streets .
" There is a pretty significant amount of traffic diversion " with the tunnel , admits Ron Paananen , who is overseeing the tunnel project for WSDOT .
Ironically , many tunnel supporters have insisted that the tunnel would benefit blue - collar workers going to their jobs .
But blue - collar workers are the least willing and least able to pay $ 7.50 to use the tunnel .
They will join the majority of drivers who pour onto surface streets .
And I know this sounds wonky , but the state has n't finished something called an environmental impact statement , a document that may reveal that this project — a project that is already under way , if council president Conlin and Governor Gregoire prevail — should n't be built at all .
Bear with me :
An environmental impact study is n't just about how many birds will die .
It is the definitive analysis of the impacts of the project .
That study , which will come out in draft form for public comment this fall , will compare the tunnel to rebuilding an elevated highway or a cut - and - cover - tunnel option .
State law requires us to complete this study before the state commits to one option .
But the state , by putting the project out to bid and entering into an agreement with Seattle , is committing to one of the options without knowing if it has any major ramifications .
( Remember that lawsuit ?
Sounds like they may have a case , huh ? )
So even if everything goes right and there are n't any cost overruns , we know the project is hugely expensive , forces more than half of the traffic now on the viaduct onto surface streets , destroys the ( already battered ) quality of life in Pioneer Square , and directs money that could go toward making downtown streets better for transit into building yet another freeway .
And if anything should go wrong , the city could be bankrupted .
The question here should n't be whether the mayor has a " secret agenda " to kill the tunnel .
The question should be why every elected official at City Hall does n't also have one .
What happens next
The city council will decide the conditions of our contract with the state within the next six weeks .
By approving it , the city gives the state permission to begin construction .
Seattle has basically no leverage after construction begins .
Most of the city council is arguing that we do n't need to fix the state law , we do n't need to see bids , we do n't need to see the state 's environmental impact statement , we do n't need to increase the bonds for the company doing the tunneling , and we do n't need any provisions that allow Seattle to back out if , say , bids show the tunnel will cost too much .
They also say that the time for debate has passed .
But Seattle has never debated this issue .
( When Seattle voted on a slightly different tunnel in 2007 , we rejected it . )
There was certainly never a public debate about the terms of this contract , and Conlin has done all he can to avoid having that debate now .
Conlin has also attempted — with an assist from the Seattle Times — to paint the mayor as an irresponsible obstructionist when , in point of fact , the mayor appears to be the only person at City Hall looking out for Seattle taxpayers .
" The bottom line for the planning process , " say Thom Neff ( McGinn 's outside expert ) and Gary Brierly in an article titled " Bullshit as Applied to Tunneling Projects " in the April issue of TBM : Tunnel Business Magazine , " is to let the games begin : debate , argue , make your claims and counterclaims , and do everything possible to come up with the best possible project . "
The authors , who are both authorities on the runaway costs of tunnels , warn that " errors in the planning effort can lead to ... inadequate financing , unreasonable debt for the local citizens and agencies , and , in rare cases , a tunnel that should never have been built . "
On June 28 , the mayor gave a draft of the contract ordinance to the city council that says the city wo n't give permission to build a deep - bore tunnel under downtown until the state legislature removes the provision that caps state spending on the project and says Seattle must pay for cost overruns .
The city council disregarded the mayor 's proposal as a delay tactic .
Laura Lockard , spokeswoman for the city council , says the mayor 's proposal was " theater . "
The council is expected to remove the mayor 's provision , the mayor has vowed to veto any tunneling bill that does n't contain a provision that protects Seattle taxpayers , and the council is expected to attempt an override the mayor 's veto .
But if the city council was serious about representing the citizens of Seattle , it would n't just leave McGinn 's provision in — it would add two more .
Council Member O'Brien is pushing an amendment that would " reserve an option to void the agreement " if the bids come in too high or the environmental impact study shows that the tunnel would have enormous ramifications .
" You want me to sign a contract that is our last leverage point and you wo n't tell me what it says until later ? "
O'Brien asks about the current version of the bill .
He says committing Seattle to the tunnel before impact studies are complete would be a " mockery " of the process .
Rasmussen , chair of the council 's transportation committee , says he would support O'Brien 's plan to let the city opt out if bids " come in way over " the state 's spending cap .
But he dismisses the idea of voiding a contract simply because the impact study shows the tunnel would n't solve transportation problems .
( Think about that :
The chair of city council 's transportation committee is willing to spend a billion of your tax dollars — and potentially hundreds of millions more — on a transportation project that does n't solve transportation problems . )
Meanwhile , Council Member Nick Licata is pushing a provision that would reserve $ 290 million of the project budget for tearing down the Alaskan Way Viaduct and rebuilding the waterfront — and to complete the project regardless of cost .
That sort of provision , Licata says , would give the city " critical assurance that the state wo n't spend our money on the tunnel when they should spend it on removing the Alaskan Way Viaduct and providing the new street on the waterfront . "
All three amendments — making the state pay for overruns , letting Seattle opt out if the project will cost too much or if research in the next six months shows the project has major negative ramifications , and setting money aside for the waterfront improvements — should be approved .
None of them kill the project , as some members of the city council would have you believe .
They simply would protect Seattle 's interests — which is the Seattle City Council 's job .
Would the state remove the spending cap and accept responsibility for cost overruns ?
" I think there is support in the senate to reform that provision , " says state senator Ed Murray .
" I think the mayor has a valid point .
The legislature needs to get that fixed .
Seattle should be treated like any other jurisdiction , it should not be required to pay cost overruns on the state highway . "
Murray says he would sponsor legislation to make the city and state share the burden of cost overruns equitably .
The question is whether the state house would pass it .
Speaker Frank Chopp says he can't speculate .
The most powerful person in the house , Chopp represents the 43rd District — comprising the central city , the same district that Murray represents — and his Seattle constituents should press him for a deal that is fair to Seattle .
While there may be support in the legislature next year to remove the language that makes Seattle pay hypothetical cost overruns , that support could disappear if we wait until cost overruns do actually occur .
That last scenario is exactly what Council Member O'Brien — a former chief financial officer at a law firm — fears most .
" I think Seattle will make a legal argument that the city is not liable .
But that 's not to say that there are n't ways the legislature can make Seattle pay .
It is easy to imagine a scenario in which cost overruns occur and the legislature wants to put it on Seattle .
The legislature says , ' We passed a law that says Seattle has to pay , so now you have to pay . ' "
State law specifically states that any costs beyond $ 2.8 billion on " shall be borne by property owners in the Seattle area who benefit from replacement of the existing viaduct with the deep bore tunnel . "
Council president Conlin wrote on his blog in May that state law " says nothing about the City [ of Seattle ] , but instead makes a legally meaningless reference to property owners . "
Attorney General Rob McKenna disagrees .
" Once [ a law ] is adopted , " McKenna said on KUOW last fall , " it 's our job to defend it .
A law which is adopted by the legislature is presumptively constitutional . "
There is a case to be made that Seattle is n't " on the hook " for cost overruns .
" The legislature can't just tax a group of people in a geographic area , " says City Attorney Pete Holmes .
" This is a state highway , and the state is responsible for all the costs . "
If the state exceeds costs in any contracts , he says , " they could send us a bill .
They can't make us pay it . "
The legislature would have to take further action — but that 's something some lawmakers say they may do — to force Seattle to pay .
" I will try my best , as will a number of other legislators , to live up to the law that we passed that held Seattle to these cost overruns — that is all I can say , " says state senator Jim Kastama of the legislative district that encompasses Puyallup .
" There is a track record of tunnels not coming in on budget , and it is not just me saying that [ we 're going to make Seattle pay ] , it is the general consensus of the legislature .
" That amendment is real , " Kastama continues .
" People who think it is window dressing , they do n't understand the level of support for that amendment in the legislature . "
As for city council members and state elected officials — including the governor — who insist that Seattle wo n't have to pay , regardless of the law as currently written , Kastama urges Seattle taxpayers not to believe them .
" The people who are giving you these promises are n't going to be here in a few years , " Kastama says .
" The people who are saying there will be no cost overruns wo n't be in office when it 's time to be held accountable . "
Conlin , who was just elected to his fourth term on the city council , will probably be long retired — along with Rasmussen , Bagshaw , and Gregoire — when the whole project is complete in 2018 and Seattle may have to grapple with a bill for a tunnel it did n't need .
" We have a $ 56 million budget shortfall right now , " says O'Brien .
" If we have to come up with another $ 50 million , $ 100 million , or a half billion dollars , it would be devastating to our city .
I know fellow city council members do n't want that outcome , but I have been frustrated that they have not been willing to engage in a more robust dialogue to prevent that outcome . "
This story has been updated since its original publication .
Mozilla hat die Firefox - Erweiterung " Mozilla Sniffer " aus dem Download - Bereich entfernt , die ihrem Namen alle Ehre macht : Einmal installiert , überwacht die Schadsoftware sämtliche Login- Vorgänge und sendet die erschnüffelten Zugangsdaten samt der dazugehörigen URLs an einen fremden Server .
Das Add - on basiert auf der offenbar harmlosen Erweiterung Tamper Data , die Webentwickler bei der Analyse von HTTP - Headern unterstützt .
Laut Mozilla wurde der Mozilla Sniffer am 6 .
Juni dieses Jahres in den Download - Bereich aufgenommen und seitdem etwa 1800 Mal heruntergeladen .
334 Benutzer sollen das Add - on täglich nutzen .
Nachdem die Schnüffelfunktion am 12 .
Juli entdeckt wurde , hat Mozilla die Erweiterung umgehend aus seinem Katalog gelöscht und auf die Blocklist gesetzt , wodurch die Anwender der Schadsoftware gewarnt und zur Deinstallation der selbigen aufgefordert werden .
Das Add - on soll durch die Deinstallation vollständig entfernt werden .
Im Anschluss sollte man sämtliche Passwörter ändern .
Im selben Atemzug warnt Mozilla vor der Erweiterung CoolPreviews in Version 3.0.1 und älter .
Durch untergejubelten JavaScript - Code können sich Angreifer Zugriff auf Systemressourcen verschaffen .
Es genügt bereits , mit der Maus über einen manipulierten Link zu fahren , um den unerwünschten Code auszuführen .
Mozilla rechnet damit , dass etwa 177.000 Anwender eine verwundbare Version einsetzen .
Die aktuelle Release 3.1.0625 soll nicht mehr von dieser Sicherheitslücke betroffen sein .
Nutzer älterer Versionen fordert der Update - Manager zur Aktualisierung des Add-ons auf .
Bereits mehrfach haben Hacker Mozillas Add - on - Katalog für ihre eigenen Zwecke missbraucht .
So enthielt etwa die Firefox - Erweiterung Master Filer den Trojaner Bifrose , der noch nach der Deinstallation des Add-ons auf den Rechnern der etwa 700 Anwender wütete .
Erst der Einsatz eines Virenscanners konnte dem Schädling den Garaus machen .
Auch auf Online - Banking spezialisierte Spionagesoftware hat sich schon in Form einer Erweiterung in den beliebten Open - Source - Browser eingenistet .
Mozilla überarbeitet seit einigen Monaten das Review - System , sodass in Zukunft sichergestellt sein soll , dass kein ungeprüfter Code über die Add - on - Seite verbreitet wird .
Benutzer von Google Chrome sollten ebenfalls wachsam sein , denn auch der Browser des Suchmaschinenriesen ist keineswegs vor bösartigem JavaScript - Code gefeit , wie Andreas Greich in seinem Blog demonstriert .
Nur wenige Zeilen Code reichen aus , um einen simplen Passwortsammler nach dem Vorbild des Mozilla Sniffers zu bauen .
Eine Schwachstelle nutzt das Add - on nicht aus , prinzipiell können alle Erweiterungen auf geöffnete Webseiten sowie eingegebene Formulardaten zugreifen und diese an beliebige Server schicken .
( rei )
Image caption Lynsey Scott died a few months after her lung transplant
The father of a woman who died after a double lung transplant said she would have been " horrified " to discover the organs were from a smoker of 30 years .
Cystic fibrosis sufferer Lynsey Scott , of Wigan , died months after surgery at Wythenshawe Hospital last year .
Allan Scott said she was not told that the donor smoked and is calling for patients to be given more information .
The University Hospital of South Manchester ( UHSM ) NHS Trust said it had followed national guidelines .
Ms Scott , 28 , who was born with cystic fibrosis , underwent the surgery in February 2009 to prolong her life after her condition deteriorated .
She died a few months later in July .
Tests later concluded the primary cause of death was pneumonia .
The issue is that the use of these organs should be told to the patients themselves by the clinicians Allan Scott , Father Smoker 's lungs - OK for donation ?
It was after applying for the medical notes on the transplant that Ms Scott 's family discovered the donor was a smoker , although there is no suggestion this contributed to her death .
" I can honestly say she would have been horrified to have known those lungs were from a smoker and quite definitely she would have refused that operation , " her father told the BBC .
" I understand that in human organs there is no such thing as a perfect organ .
" It 's not like if you have something wrong with your car and your car breaks - you get a new part for that car .
There are no new parts for organs , I appreciate that . "
Mr Scott 's daughter was given so - called " marginal " organs , or organs which are deemed to be of higher risk , but still considered safe .
" We understand the need for the use of marginal organs - that is not the issue , " Mr Scott , 57 , added .
" The issue is that the use of these organs should be told to the patients themselves by the clinicians .
" They should be made aware at the beginning of the transplant assessment phase , it should be in the information booklets and it should be explained to them at the time . "
The UHSM NHS Trust said it could not comment on Ms Scott 's case while it responds to a complaint from the family .
But is said clinicians followed guidelines for organ retrieval set out by the National Blood and Transplant Service ( NHSBT ) .
Criteria extended
" There is a standard criteria for accepting a donor organ(s ) , on the basis of clinical evidence , which forms part of the discussion with patients at their assessment , " said a spokesperson .
" Because the number of lung donors is extremely low and 30 % of lung recipients die before getting a transplant , UHSM and other transplant centres have extended their criteria .
" This is increasing the number of viable lungs available for donation that are still considered to be ' safe ' .
" In the event that there are factors or issues surrounding the donor which are deemed to make the donation of higher risk we will discuss these concerns directly with the recipient e.g. drug use or a particular event in the donor 's life . "
Figures disclosed to the BBC's File on 4 programme last year revealed that in 1998 13 % of donor organs were " marginal " and 10 years later this percentage had doubled .
A Department of Health spokesperson said : " Guidance is available that sets out the risks and benefits of when an organ should be used .
" Ultimately this is a decision for the clinician , the patient and , should the patient wish , their family .
" Any decision should always be made after full discussion with the patient so they understand all aspects of the prepared treatment . "
Octavia Nasr has been a Mideast correspondent for CNN for 20 years , and was their senior editor of Mideast affairs .
Until yesterday .
On hearing of the death of a Hezbollah leader , she posted the following on her Twitter feed :
Sad to hear of the passing of Sayyed Mohammad Hussein Fadlallah .
One of Hezbollah ’s giants I respect a lot .
This expression of sympathy offended some , who were outraged that a journalist would say anything likethat about anyone associated with Hezbollah .
Nasr explained in a follow - up on CNN ‘s website :
I used the words “ respect ” and “ sad ” because to me , as a Middle Eastern woman , Fadlallah took a contrarian and pioneering stand among Shia clerics on woman ’s rights .
He called for the abolition of the tribal system of “ honor killing . ”
He called the practice primitive and nonproductive .
He warned Muslim men that abuse of women was against Islam .
This was interesting background –the kind of depth one might expect from a reporter with a few decades of experience in the region .
But CNN decided that this was not good enough .
An internal memo explained that CNN thinks “ her credibility in her position as senior editor for Middle Eastern affairs has been compromised going forward . ”
Now it ca n’t be that errant Twitter messages are the problem at CNN ; they recently hired Erick Erickson as a commentator , even though he had called retiring Supreme Court Justice David Souter a “ goat - fucking child molester . ”
And it ca n’t be that CNN has a problem with opinionated journalists ; after all , they spent several years defending Lou Dobbs ’ hateful , inaccurate anti-immigrant rants .
Nasr was not fired for anything she uttered on CNN ‘s airwaves .
And it ’s hard to imagine that Nasr has a “ credibility ” problem based on her message .
CNN , on the other hand , does have one , since this decisionseems to raise serious questions about exactly what sort of policy exists at the networkto handlessuch questions about “ credibility . ”
Salon‘s Glenn Greenwald ( 7/8/10 ) notes that , oddly enough , there are anastonishing number of casesof people working in the “ liberal media ” who got into hot water for being perceived as too far to theleft .
It ’s hard to think of many examples of corporate media careers that were ended by being too far to the right .
UPDATE : The website of Time magazine ( 7/6/10 ) –which , like CNN , is owned by the Time Warner media conglomerate –features a column by ex-CIA officer Robert Baer about Fadlallah ’s passing .
He calls him a “ central figure in modern Middle Eastern history , ” and notes that the Reagan administration was wrong about his actual role within Hezbollah :
In the 1980s , Fadlallah was at the top of the Reagan administration ’s enemy list .
The White House mistakenly believed he was the spiritual leader of Hezbollah , the Lebanese militant group the U.S. was at war with at the time .
And :
The problem is , there never has been a shred of evidence that Fadlallah was responsible for the Marine bombing , other than his preaching against foreign occupation .
But in that sense , he was no different from Lebanon ’s other Muslim clerics who also did not want foreign troops in the country .
Fadlallah was with near certainty not involved in Hezbollah ’s terrorist attacks in Lebanon .
In fact , he complained privately about the Iranians–through their proxy , the Islamic Jihad Organization–taking hostages in his country , believing it was un-Islamic .
Baer ’s Nasr - esque conclusion should provoke considerable alarm , though :
But at the end of the day , he was an independent Arab voice , a Shi’a Muslim courageous enough to stand up against Iran .
In that sense , we should regret his passing .
I understand the difference between a reporter ( Nasr ’s former role ) and a columnist ( Baer ’s current gig at Time ) – though a shorter version of Baer ’s column appeared as an obituary for Fadlallah on the Milestones page of Time ‘s print edition ( 7/19/10 ) .
So will Baer ’s column attract similar outrage ?
If not , why not ?
* The inner dork strives *
This was originally inspired by a great post on Buddhist Images in Comics by the Rev. Danny Fisher .
At the suggestion of the Ven. Dr. Yifa , who told me that the kids were all huge fans of the film Bulletproof Monk ( which is based on a comic book ) , I presented on Buddhism and comic books .
My presentation , entitled Bulletproof Monks , Green Lamas , and Thunderlords : Images of Buddhism in Popular Comic Books , was thrown together rather quickly ( with invaluable assists from the super - fun website Comic Book Religion Database ) , but I think I still able to start an interesting conversation with the kids and parents .
I might make a real paper out of this material some day , but I ’ll tell you a little bit about it now ( with a few examples ) .
I hope that he does do a real paper off of this material …
The seedy kingdom of dork would be pleased .
I ’ve been wanting to list a few of my favorite comics that have a heavy or light dose of Buddhism present within the pages ( and ideally not as sub - standard as Wolverine bowing to a Shinto shrine once in a while ) .
After reading Blake Wilson ’s “ Six Buddhists that wil kick your ass ” I decided to reprint ( in true comic fashion ) this old post and provide my own “ ass - kicking ” Buddhist comic characters and comics .
Lone Wolf and Cub ~ Kazuo Koike & Goseki Kojima :
There is a nice undercurrent of the koan
Mu running through this entire series .
Granted , its flowing underneath an orgy of death , violence and boobs but it is there none - the - less .
Also as a prime example of Zen practice in parenting ;
The interactions between Daigoro and Ogami Itto are simply amazing and the ending of this series will haunt you for weeks .
After Ogami Ittō ’s wife Azami gives birth to their son , Daigorō , Ogami Ittō returns to find her and all of their household brutally murdered , with only the newborn Daigorō surviving .
The supposed culprits are three former retainers of an abolished clan , avenging the execution of their lord by Ogami Ittō .
However , the entire matter was planned by Ura-Yagyū ( Shadow Yagyu ) Yagyū Retsudō , leader of the Yagyū clan , in order to seize Ogami ’s post .
During the initial incursion , an ihai ( funeral tablet ) with the shogun ’s crest on it was placed inside the Ogami family shrine , signifying a supposed wish for the shogun ’s death .
When the tablet is “ discovered ” during the murder investigation , its presence condemns Ittō as a traitor and thus forfeits his post .
The 1 - year - old Daigorō is given a choice by his father : a ball or a sword .
If Daigorō chose the ball , his father would kill him , sending him to be with his mother ; however , the child crawls toward the sword and reaches for its hilt .
This assigns him the path of a rōnin , wandering the country with his father as “ demons ” – the assassin - for - hire team that becomes known as Lone Wolf and Cub , vowing to destroy the Yagyū clan to avenge Azami ’s death and Ittō ’s disgrace .
( from Wikipedia )
Vagabond ~ Takehiko Inoue : More violence and a fictional retelling of the life and times of Miyamoto Musashi ( a famous Japanese swordman ) .
One of the main characters is Takuan Soho – A practicing Zen Monk in the Rinzai tradition ( the writings of which can be found in the book “ An Unfettered Mind “ ) .
Takuan runs through the series as trainer / father - figure and guide to Miyamoto Musashi ( and , ironically , his rival Sasaki Kojiro ) .
Blunt and honest , Takuan helps to capture Miyamoto Musashi by appealing to his human frailities and then sets him free to become a better swordman .
In true Buddhist fashion those same frailities that got him caught in the first place are the ones that make him a stronger swordman .
Shaman King ~ Hiroyuki Takei : Loaded with more religious references than a camel has spit .
Its fun and it makes me laugh …. especially the duo of Buddhist monks that turn into a mega-metal band .
Silly for the most part and not really ass - kicking .
Miyamoto Musashi pops in as a ( hungry ? ) ghost in this series .
Butsu Zone ~ Hiroyuki Takei :
The adventures of Senju ( The Thousand - Hand Avalokitesvara Bodhisattva ) who is quested by Amitabha to protect Sachi , an incarnation of the Buddha Miroku .
Miroku is supposed to appear in an era when the Dharma is completely forgotten , become enlightenmented , reiintroduce the dharma , becoming a successor of Śākyamuni Buddha .
Senju is there to guide and help plus Bodhisattva MECH - SUITS !!
So awesome .
Read it for free here
Buddha ~ Osamu Tezuka :
Well , its a comic version of the life and times of Gautama Buddha and it looks like Astro - Boy .
To be honest I have not read this one yet .
But I have admired it from afar and I have a Borders Gift Card burning a hole in my pocket …
And Lastly ….
Buddha for Beginners ~ Stephen Asma : I ca n’t recommend this book enough .
It gives an accurate and humorous explainations ( and illustrations ) of Buddha and Buddhist thought .
An outstanding graphic novel with good content that is useful for beginners and experts alike .
Check out the review here by Elephant ’s own Todd Mayville .
I am sure that I missed a few good comics out there with a flavoring of Buddhism … I ’ve been out of the “ Comics - Geek ” game for a while so if you have some other additions , please throw them into the comments section below !
The Reverend Danny Fisher , Blake Wilson and John Pappas … Buddhist dorks unite !
The Trifecta of Geekdom !
Cheers ,
John
Lindsey Graham : Tea Party Movement Is Unsustainable
South Carolina 's Lindsey Graham sees the beginning of the end of the Tea Parties , and he 's probably right .
Doug Mataconis · · 21 comments
In addition to commenting about the rumors about his personal life , South Carolina Senator Lindsey Graham also fired a shot across the Tea Party movement ’s bow in his New York Times Magazine interview :
“ Everything I ’m doing now in terms of talking about climate , talking about immigration , talking about Gitmo is completely opposite of where the Tea Party movement ’s at , ” Graham said as Cato drove him to the city of Greenwood , where he was to give a commencement address at Lander University later that morning .
On four occasions , Graham met with Tea Party groups .
The first , in his Senate office , was “ very , very contentious , ” he recalled .
During a later meeting , in Charleston , Graham said he challenged them : “ ‘ What do you want to do ?
You take back your country — and do what with it ?’ . . .
Everybody went from being kind of hostile to just dead silent . ”
In a previous conversation , Graham told me : “ The problem with the Tea Party , I think it ’s just unsustainable because they can never come up with a coherent vision for governing the country .
It will die out . ”
Now he said , in a tone of casual lament : “ We do n’t have a lot of Reagan - type leaders in our party .
Remember Ronald Reagan Democrats ?
I want a Republican that can attract Democrats . ”
Chortling , he added , “ Ronald Reagan would have a hard time getting elected as a Republican today . ”
On that last point , Graham is n’t very far off the mark .
The Ronald Reagan that governed for eight years in the 80s was , in many ways , very different from the mythos that many on the right , such as Rush Limbaugh and Sean Hannity , have created of a tax - cutting , hawkish foreign policy - following conservative icon .
For example , Reagan raised taxes more than once during his eight years in office , he supported an immigration reform bill that granted amnesty to illegal immigrants , and while he did rebuild a decaying American military , he was also fiercely opposed to nuclear weapons and believed that they should be abolished from the planet .
Would such a candidate have a chance in the Tea Party Republican Party of 2010 ?
It ’s hard to say , but it ’s by no means certain that he would be as lovingly received as he is remembered .
As for Graham ’s broader point about the Tea Party , that ’s just a fact of American political life .
Protest movements in this country simply have n’t lasted for very long without either dying out , or being swallowed into one of the major political parties .
In the case of the Tea Party , I do n’t see the movement lasting for long after the 2012 elections .
Either they will succeed in getting President Obama defeated and become the new face of the GOP , or they will fail and the Republican Party will begin another cycle of trying to figure out what it ’s supposed to stand for .
Of course , Graham ’s remarks are likely to inflame his opponents in the GOP and the Tea Party movement , but I do n’t get the impression that he really cares .
On This Date in History : When the Civil War first broke out in April 1861 , most Americans , particularly those from the North , assumed the conflict would end quickly .
Toward the end of that year , it became all too apparent that it could be a very long and bloody affair .
Perhaps it is that realization that caused citizens in the Union to urge Secretary of the Treasury Salmon P. Chase to add some recognition to the Deity on US money .
While I understand the sentiment , I do not understand the relevance of placing such a recognition on coinage .
Nevertheless , on November 20 , 1861 Chase called on Philadelphia Mint Director James Pollock to come up with a motto that would be included on all future coinage .
Chase wrote in part : “ No nation can be strong except in the strength of God , or safe except in His defense .
The trust of our people in God should be declared on our national coins . ”
While he did not specify what to put on the coins , he did tell Pollock to use the “ fewest and tersest ” words possible and to do so without delay .
But , it was not possible for anyone to just add mottos to US coins willy - nilly .
Legislation passed in 1837 required that the mint get congressional approval before any verbiage was added to any coin .
So , once Pollock came up with a phrase to put on the coins , he had to get the go - ahead from Congress before he could begin stamping it on the coins .
Now , Chase had told Pollock to act “ without unneccesary delay . ”
I suppose Pollock found necessary delays because he did not get around to submitting the potential verbiage until December 1863 .
It took him two years to come up with 3 choices : Our Country , Our God and God , Our Trust .
Chase responded on December 9 , 1863 of his approval with some modifications .
He said that on the Washington obverse , the phrase should read , “ Our God and Our Country ” and on the shield it should read “ In God We Trust . ”
Congress passed legislation in April 1864 that approved the two additions .
The two - cent coin minted in 1864 was the first coin to bear the words , “ In God We Trust . ”
From that point forth , most coins received the new verbiage but , for some reason , it disappeared from the nickel in 1883 and did not return to the 5 cent coin until production of the Jefferson nickel in 1938 .
Shortly after the double eagle gold coin and eagle gold coin was put into circulation in 1907 , new coins appeared without the phrase .
Pressure almost immediately was brought down on the mint and in 1908 , Congress passed a law that stated that all coins which had previously had the phrase must continue to include “ In God We Trust ” on all future mintings of those coins .
Curiously , the phrase was not mandatory on the penny or the nickel but could be put on those coins at the mint director ’s discretion pending approval from the treasury secretary .
However , “ In God We Trust ” was not the official US Motto .
It was not until the 1950 ’s that “ In God We Trust ” gained such a distinction .
President Eisenhower on this date in 1956 signed into law a bill requiring “ In God We Trust ” to be put on all currency and be considered the official US Motto .
It also stipulated that along with “ In God We Trust , ” “ E - Pluribus Unum ” and “ United States of America ” would also be included on all US coins .
Since the Civil War the motto had been put on all coins but not paper currency .
The “ In God We Trust ” bill came just two years after Eisenhower signed a bill that added “ under God ” to the Pledge of Allegiance .
Most historians conclude the action of Congress and the President was part of a reaction to the “ Red Scare ” of the 1950′s .
Eisenhower himself has been said to have been raised as a Jehovah ’s Witness , while more modern accounts suggest he was raised as a Mennonite .
Sources say that Ike abandoned his family religion but that religion was still important to him .
In 1953 , he was baptised as a Presbyterian , less than a year into his first term as President .
So , it was just 1 year after Ike made his personal conversion that he came to support the mention of God in the Pledge of Allegiance and 3 years prior to his acceptance of God in an official US motto .
Today some people claim that the insertion of God into state mottos and the pledge is a violation of the separation of church and state .
Many defenders of the verbiage mistakenly think that the inclusion of God was mandated by our founders when in fact , “ under God ” and “ In God We Trust ” did not come along until well after the founders were dead and gone .
Would the founding fathers have approved of such a motto ?
Just because they did not endorse a motto does not necessarily mean that they would be against it .
Maybe they had better things to do .
Then again , they never even approved a pledge of allegiance either .
It is difficult to get into the heads of figures from the past and we are left to try to discern their intent from the writings that they left behind .
Silence can be a tacit acknowledgement of the founder ’s stance .
The question remains as to which side of the argument the tacitness would fall .
Then again , perhaps the silence was merely the result of their not having ever thought of mottos or pledges of allegiance or anything else .
They were , after all , pretty busy considering a number of pressing issues .
Weather Bottom Line :
As I mentioned the last couple of days , Friday will have a much more comfortable start than we ’ve seen the last couple of weeks and the afternoon will only see highs in the 80’s with reasonable comfortable humidity .
Do n’t get used to it .
While Saturday morning will start off very pleasant , the cold front that came through and brougth the relief will come back as a warm front .
I ” ve seen some forecasts with a rather pedestrian rain chance on Saturday .
From where I sit , while its not a guarantee that you will get rain or t’storms on Saturday , I think that it ’s a better than fair prospect .
Just from the standpoint that the warm front is coming back during the heat of the day is enough .
While I do not see any shortwaves riding down the frontal boundary from the northwest , it does not mean that one that is not showing up on the models will not do so .
A shortwave coming down from Iowa on Friday does n’t really show up too much so , that ’s possible .
They are sometimes tough for the computers to find .
Even so , the models tend to show some rain over our area .
I am not going to water my sunflowers on Friday as I think I ’ll get some rain on Saturday .
If not , well it will be hot and humid again on Sunday with the potential for scattered showers and t’storms Sunday and Monday … warranting pedestrian rain chances .
After that , I think we will see a big fat ridge assert itself from the Southwest that will limit the rain chances for midweek and serve to take temperatures to the mid and upper 90’s at some point and the humidity will be tough .
So , enjoy your Friday while you can .
Until it is ready , the old one must remain in use .
The Mets just hope it will not cause any major problems , like passed balls at critical points in the game .
Image
It is the responsibility of knuckeballers like R.A. Dickey to supply special mitts to their catchers .
Credit ...
Tony Dejak / Associated Press
“ It would be nice if the new one was ready , ” Barajas said .
“ It ’s getting there , but it needs another week or so . ”
A knuckleball glove is a species that lies somewhere between a traditional catcher ’s mitt and a thinner , more pliable first baseman ’s glove .
Its surface area is larger than an ordinary catcher ’s glove so it can catch the unpredictable knuckleballs .
The glove also weighs less , enabling the catcher to move his arm and hand quicker to snare the ball as it darts to and fro , but making it less able to hold up to the wear .
“ It makes a substantial difference , ” said Dickey , who has gone 5 - 0 with a 2.82 earned run average since being called up from Class AAA Buffalo last month .
“ The late - moving balls that would ordinarily bounce off the rim of a regular catcher ’s mitt get sucked into the glove . ”
Traditionally , because the glove is used only for a knuckleball pitcher , it is his responsibility to provide , maintain and distribute the glove to his catchers .
Dickey has had the old , black Rawlings glove with his name stitched on it since spring training 2009 , when he was with the Minnesota Twins .
“ I feel a little dorky , like a field - goal kicker carrying around a tee , ” Dickey said .
Despite its meritorious service , neither Dickey , Barajas nor Blanco has any sentimental attachment to the glove .
It was after a game in Baltimore on June 11 , when several knuckleballs bent back its outer edges , escaped Barajas ’s grasp and rolled to the backstop ( Barajas was charged with two passed balls ) that it became obvious the old mitt was no longer reliable enough to use .
This was no idle concern .
When a pitch escapes the control of a catcher , it could mean a run and a run could be the difference in a game .
The second world congress of the International Trade Union Confederation ( ITUC ) is a significant event .
Taking place in Vancouver , Canada , June 21 through 25th , the congress theme is “ The People Now : From the Crisis to Global Justice . ”
( You can help us with our coverage – see below *)
The congress comes on the heels of the ITUC ’s Annual Survey of violations of trade union rights .
In it , the ITUC makes a strong case that the global economic crisis means “ public authorities and companies have continued to use the crisis as a pretext to weaken and undermine trade union rights . ”
The survey notes the horrible fact that at least a 101 trade unionists and labor activists were murdered in 2009 .
This is a 30 % increase over the 76 killed in 2008 .
These shocking numbers graphically show the rising tide of violence and assault on trade union rights .
Further , the survey documents global union busting , including the giant transnational corporation ’s playing of workers in developed countries against workers in developing countries .
The congress agenda includes several plenary panel discussions dealing with the global economic crisis and with the fightback and global solidarity needed by labor to defend unions , workers and labor rights .
The ITUC congress will highlight its international solidarity efforts .
For example , the global federation has mounted efforts in support of the Mexican miners union under attack at the Cananea mine in Sonora and the Pasta de Conchos mine in Coahuila .
The ITUC has called for solidarity against the use of federal troops and police force to remove the striking miners an action that wounded and killed several miners .
Now the troops are being used to protect scabs hired by Grupo Mexico , a giant mining transnational and the largest mine owner in Mexico .
The ITUC was founded in 2006 through a merger of the International Confederation of Free Trade Unions and the World Confederation of Labor .
The ICFTU came out of a cold war split from the World Federation of Trade Unions in 1949 .
Today , while the WFTU and the ITUC have no formal ties , increasingly they are pursuing similar programs of struggle and several national labor federations are affiliated with both .
* I will be covering this important international labor congress for the People Before Profits Education Fund Speakers Bureau and will be available for interviews and speaking engagements .
You can help make our participation possible by sending a contribution to the People Before Profits Education Fund at 235 W. 23rd Street , New York , NY 10011 .
All contributions are tax deductible .
And you can read daily updates on the congress here on the People ’s World website .
Photo : Mamounata Cisse , assistant general secretary of ICFTU , center , visits a refugee camp in Aceh , Indonesia , after the 2005 tsunami .
( ICFTU )
Silhouette with Matches
Caleb Charland demonstrates lessons in physics and mathematics with his mind - blowing photography .
Inspired by children 's books of science experiments , he photographs everyday objects ( like matches , pens and mirrors ) in ways we 've never imagined , often using multiple exposures to tell the story .
For example , in Fifteen Hours , the last photo in this set , Charland used 15 exposures to show how the flame of a dinner candle beautifully burns down .
In still others , like in Cube with Rule and Penlight , Caleb Charland sits in pitch black darkness and , with a penlight in his hand , traces the shape of a cube along a ruler .
Though at first glance , you think you 're just looking at a box , you soon notice that the mysterious shadows are Charland 's hands .
Charland made 13 exposures on one sheet of 45 film ; twelve exposures for each side of the cube , and one exposure with the light on to fill in the shapes of the room and the table .
I caught up with Charland to ask him a few questions about his work .
First , just how did he create Silhouette with Matches , the first photo in this set ?
He explains , “ This piece was a simple process of multiple exposure .
I shoot all my work with a view camera on 4×5 film .
Basically I took one exposure during the day for the background then one at night while lighting and tossing the matches .
This process left the outline of my body without the use of Photoshop .
In the large print you can actually see a few hair follicles silhouetted on the left side of my head . ”
No Photoshop ?
Does that mean he never uses it in his work ?
“ Not for the creation of the image , only slight color and tone adjustments to make a nice print , ” he says .
The beauty of it all is that there 's an honesty to Charland 's work .
By transforming everyday household objects into unexpected experiences , he makes us appreciate multiple disciplines ; art , science and photography .
In addition , his work evokes that sense of curiosity that often lays dormant in us as adults .
While looking at his photos , you can't help but marvel at the scientific laws that govern us and , at the same time , feel as though Charland 's somehow cheated them .
“ I guess you could do it in Photoshop a lot quicker and easier but I enjoy the analog process ” says Charland , “ there is something to working within limits . ”
Cube with Ruler and Penlight
Arcs with Arms and Candles
Light Sphere with Right Arm and Cigarette Lighter
Footprints with Matches
Atomic Model
Sun with Face Mirror
Moon with Face Mirror
Table with Mylar and Flashlight
One Second Match Toss
Bouncing Penlight
Three Jars
Skeleton Key with Copper Wires
Helix with Matchsticks
Three Hundred Matches
Candle in a Vortex of Water
Faucet with Oil and Water
Ten Seconds in Oil and Water
Wooden Box with Horseshoe Magnet
Turntable with Candle
Bowl of Vapor
Sparkler Through Propeller
Solid LIquid Gas
Circle with Matches /
Fifteen Hours
Just how does Charland describe his own work ?
He says , “ It 's like 5th grade science mixed with sculpture .
It 's about being curious and playful .
There is still a lot to wonder about . ”
Caleb Charland 's website
So happy together .
Cristiano Ronaldo and Kaka
Photo via NYC the Tumblr
Magda Sayed and her team of merry knitters — collectively known as Knitta Please — are back in the city .
Over the past year they visited to add colorful , knitted adornments to Brooklyn Heights and the Standard Hotel .
This time around they 're getting even craftier , NYC the Tumblr spotted this knitted bicycle !
Sayed has allegedly been in town all week , if you spot some of her work , send us your photos or tag them with " Gothamist " on Flickr !
This one was spotted on Elizabeth Street just south of Broome .
MERIDEN , Conn . – “ Brothers and sisters , are you ready to fight ? ” “ Yes ! ” was the resounding shout in unison by hundreds of Machinists union members and their families gathered for a jobs rally and picnic , wearing red T - shirts bearing the slogan “ Fighting for my job and yours . ”
The event here , just 48 hours after an appeals court victory which stopped Pratt & Whitney from moving jobs out of Connecticut in the middle of the union contract , was also attended by state and national union and political leaders .
“ You won big for all workers in this country .
The fight starts here in Connecticut , ” exclaimed International Association of Machinists ( IAM ) Eastern Territory General Vice President Lynn Tucker .
“ We will no longer allow jobs to be shipped offshore – we will fight ! ”
Exactly one year ago , 1,000 workers at Pratt & Whitney ’s Cheshire plant and its air foil divison in East Hartford received the shocking announcement that their jobs were slated to be moved to Singapore , Japan and Georgia .
“ We could have just given up , ” said Wayne McCarthy , IAM Local Lodge 1746 - A president .
“ But we rallied together and we persevered . ”
“ We ’re not the problem , we ’re the solution .
We ’re not going anywhere , ” he said , referring to upcoming negotiations for their contract which expires on Dec. 5 .
“ We will accept nothing less than justice for those who toil in our country , ” reiterated IAM President Thomas Buffenbarger , who flew in from Washington for the rally .
Connecting the contract fight with the coming November elections , Buffenbarger said , “ We call each other brothers and sisters .
When we go to the polling place in the fall it ’s not about ‘ me , ’ it ’s about ‘ we . ’
That ’s what makes us effective so we can take on one of the most profitable corporations and win . ”
He urged those present to look toward each other when they vote in November and choose who will stand by working people .
Over plates piled high with hamburgers , pasta and corn on the cob , seated under tents at the Mountain Mist Outdoor Center , the union members and their families cheered for state Attorney General Richard Blumenthal , candidate for the open U.S. Senate seat being vacated by Chris Dodd .
Blumenthal recalled that when the Machinists ’ lawsuit was first filed , “ it was said you could n’t win because the company was too big and powerful . ”
But , he said , “ we had on our side the law and we won .
More important is you , the workers .
Thank you for standing strong . ”
Reminding everyone that Blumenthal has been criticized by his Republican opponent for standing with the workers , Jim Parent , IAM chief negotiator , warned , “ We better win that fight in November . ”
Rally emcee Everett Corey , IAM District 26 directing business representative , recognized the Grow Jobs Connecticut organization , funded by the IAM “ to keep and grow jobs that manufacture things we need . ”
He announced a project in the planning in Bristol , Conn. , which could create 1,300 new manufacturing jobs in solar energy and advanced energy conservation products .
Pratt & Whitney , a division of the profitable United Technologies Corporation ( UTC ) , manufactures and repairs jet engines for commercial and military aircraft .
On July 8 , the Second Circuit Court of Appeals upheld a U.S. district court ’s injunction that barred Pratt from moving work performed in Cheshire and East Hartford out of Connecticut .
The unanimous 23 - page decision from the three - judge appeals panel agreed with the district court “ that Pratt had not made , and was not making , ‘ every reasonable effort ’ to preserve bargaining unit work as required by the CBA [ collective bargaining agreement ] . ”
The injunction will remain in effect until the expiration of the union contract .
The jobs of hundreds of workers hang in the balance in the upcoming contract negotiations .
“ What do we need ? ” asked Corey at the end of the rally .
“ Jobs , ” shouted the workers .
“ When do we need them ? ” “ Now ! ”
Photo : IAM President Thomas Buffenbarger addresses the rally for jobs , standing with Connecticut elected officials , July 10 in Meriden , Conn . ( PW / Art Perlo )
Following in the footsteps of the UK , Finland is preparing a new piece of legislation that will make it mandatory for Internet providers to warn customers who download music and movies without consent from copyright holders .
The proposal is meant to cut down piracy in Finland but both pro and anti-piracy outfits have their doubts abouts its potential effectiveness .
Finland is known as one of the most forward thinking countries when it comes to the Internet .
Earlier this year Finland made a broadband connection a fundamental right of its citizens where every Fin has the right to at least a 1 M bps Internet connection .
In common with many other countries around the world , Finland also has to deal with an active pro-copyright lobby that wants the local Government to crack down on widespread Internet piracy .
According to Elisa and Sonera , two of the country ’s largest ISPs , the total number of file - sharers in Finland lies well above 50 percent .
To deal with this piracy problem the Finnish Government has now drafted new legislation that would require Internet providers to send warning letters to those who are suspected of illicit downloading .
In this scenario , ISPs would be notified of possible infringements by investigation outfits hired by the entertainment industries .
The legislation is similar to that of other countries in Europe , such as the UK and France .
The only difference is that the warning letters in Finland will have no consequences at all .
They merely serve as an educational message , or a threat , depending on how one interprets the letters .
Because of this lack of enforcement power the local anti-piracy outfit is not too excited about the Government ’s plans .
“ The problem is that there are no repercussions with this model .
A person could get ten letters about illegally sharing material online , and that ’s it .
This model is ineffective in our opinion , ” said Antti Kotilainen , the director of the Anti-piracy Centre .
Finnish Pirate Party chairman Pasi Palmulehto , who generally disagrees with his counterpart at the Anti-piracy Centre , does n’t think much of the proposal either , but for different reasons .
“ This whole warning letter proposal is a clear sign of how far our government is on copyright organizations ’ leash .
The proposed law itself has no function at all .
One can receive 50 warning letters without any consequences , ” Pasi Palmulehto told TorrentFreak .
According to The Pirate Party chairman the letters would violate the privacy of Internet users as it encourages private organizations to spy on Internet subscribers .
Besides that , the Pirate Party sees the proposal as a waste of money where , ironically , the entertainment industry will cut into their own profits since they have to pay the companies that will have to spy on Internet users .
“ Most likely the warning letters themselves will have no effect on most Internet users , but those who actually get scared will probably start using secure and proxy / vpn connections , ” Pasi Palmulehto said .
According to the Pirate Party chairman there is only one way to deal with Internet piracy .
“ There is no need for alternatives to the warning letter process .
It is a complete fail and the public is better off without it .
The only real alternative is also a long term improvement and that is to legalize non-profit file - sharing , ” he said .
Despite the criticism from opposing sides , the proposal will be voted on in the Finnish Parliament in the near future .
If it passes it could be signed into law before the and of the year .
SAN FRANCISCO ( MarketWatch ) --
With an outsider moving into the top spot at Boeing , analysts caution that the new boss needs to make sure the managers of the company 's defense and commercial divisions do n't head for the door in a huff .
A departure of either James Albaugh , in charge of Boeing 's integrated defense systems group , or Alan Mulally at the commercial airplanes unit would mean losing decades of experience at the world 's largest aerospace company , as well as the executives ' extensive relationships in their respective industries .
What 's more , both are working on key contracts that will shape Boeing 's financial future .
W. James McNerney Jr. , who 's leaving 3M Co. MMM , - 1.29 % to take the helm at Boeing BA , - 1.84 % , addressed the issue during a conference call Thursday when asked by an analyst about Albaugh and Mulally 's future .
McNerney said he'd spoken with the two and noted that they must have been disappointed at not being picked for the top job .
Nevertheless , he said they offered " enthusiastic support " for his appointment .
" So , I think we are going to work together well and productively , " he added .
All three executives know each other , crossing paths frequently during their decades in the aerospace industry .
McNerney is also a member of Boeing 's board of directors .
Among giants
Running a division at an industrial giant like Boeing gives an executive responsibility for tens of thousands of workers and a business with more sales than most stand - alone companies .
Albaugh and Mulally each run divisions that generated more revenue last year than 3 M 's total $ 20 billion in 2004 sales .
Albaugh 's integrated defense systems group had sales of $ 30.5 billion in 2004 , while Mulally 's commercial airplanes division had sales of $ 21 billion .
Just as McNerney himself was in the running to take over General Electric Co. GE , - 1.85 % before he left for 3 M , is the situation similar at Boeing ?
Not so , said Boeing spokesman Tim Neale .
He indicated that Mulally is in the middle of launching the 787 Dreamliner , Boeing 's first new plane in more than a decade .
And Albaugh is shifting the company 's defense group from a focus on military hardware sales to taking on larger responsibility bringing together different technologies for the Pentagon .
The Future Combat Systems contract with the U.S. Army gives Boeing unprecedented responsibility for different programs that will be all technologically tied together .
" In both cases , there are exciting new programs they are in the midst of , " added Neale .
In an interview with the Seattle Times after McNerney 's announcement , Mulally said he is plans to stay at Boeing .
Also , in messages to workers , both Mulally and Albaugh praised their new box and his selection as Boeing 's next chief .
Wall Street wonders
In April , McNerney , 55 , issued a public statement that said he was not leaving 3 M for Boeing .
Yet he eventually changed his mind and surprised Wall Street with his decision this week .
Analysts who lauded his appointment are still wondering what Mulally or Albaugh will do .
" One unknown stemming from this announcement is the future of the two division heads ... who were in the running for the CEO job , " wrote Prudential Equity Group analyst Jared Muroff .
Just as the Boeing board kept the chief executive selection process under wraps until the very end , it could be expected that any executive looking to jump would be just as discreet .
" Obviously , they 're not going to telegraph they 're about to leave , " said Paul Nisbet , analyst at JSA Research .
Nisbet said that Albaugh -- who is 55 and has been with Boeing since 1975 -- might be more likely to leave than Mulally , who turns 60 this year and joined Boeing in 1969 .
But the departure of either manager would be a big deal .
" I hope that for Boeing 's stake that they decide to stay , " added Nisbet .
The company could always reach into its wallet if it felt like that was necessary .
But so far , Boeing has not done so .
Interim Chairman Lewis Platt said during Thursday 's conference call that the company had not offered any retention packages to either Albaugh or Mulally .
" We have both , Jim [ McNerney ] and I , have talked to them at some length , and they all seemed to be quite committed to staying with the company and supporting Jim , " Platt added .
" So that does not seem to be necessary at this moment . "
