Our liveblog of Activision Blizzard 's fourth quarter and calendar year 2009 earnings call will begin at 1:30 pm PT / 4:30 pm ET on February 10 , 2010 ( see it in your own timezone ) .
Will we get a solid release window for StarCraft 2 ?
Will there be three dozen new Guitar Hero games announced ?
Will Bobby Kotick , at any point , cackle maniacally ?
There is only one way to find out !
< a href= " http://www.coveritlive.com/mobile.php/option=com_mobile/task=viewaltcast/altcast_code=b6c8ff5afb "
> Activision Blizzard Q4 & 2009 Results </a>
President Obama notched substantial successes in spending cuts last year , winning 60 percent of his proposed cuts and managing to get Congress to ax several programs that had bedeviled President George W. Bush for years .
The administration says Congress accepted at least $ 6.9 billion of the $ 11.3 billion in discretionary spending cuts Mr. Obama proposed for the current fiscal year .
An analysis by The Washington Times found that Mr. Obama was victorious in getting Congress to slash 24 programs and achieved some level of success in reducing nine other programs .
Among the president ’s victories are canceling the multibillion - dollar F - 22 Raptor program , ending the LORAN - C radio - based ship navigation system and culling a series of low - dollar education grants .
In each of those cases , Mr. Obama succeeded in eliminating programs that Mr. Bush repeatedly failed to end .
“ This is a very strong beginning for the president ’s efforts to shape a budget that invests in programs that work and that ends programs that don’t , ” said Tom Gavin , a spokesman for the White House budget office .
“ The Congress has approved more than 60 percent of the president ’s proposals , and that ’s a high mark , that ’s a strong beginning . ”
By comparison , the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget says Mr. Bush won 40 percent of his spending cuts in fiscal 2006 and won less than 15 percent of his proposed cuts for 2007 and 2008 .
Mr. Obama ’s cuts shine a bright spot in an otherwise dreary budget picture .
The Congressional Budget Office said the deficit for fiscal 2010 , which began Oct. 1 , is building at a record pace , reaching $ 389 billion for those first three months .
Even though the president succeeded in winning a high percentage of his cuts , they still account for well less than one - half of 1 percent of the total federal budget .
Eliminating programs is tough , and proposed cuts barely get through Congress in some years .
Marc Goldwein , policy director at the Committee for a Responsible Budget , said President George H.W. Bush in 1992 proposed eliminating 246 small programs , but succeeded in getting only eight of them chopped .
One of those successes was to end funds for the Constitutional Bicentennial Commission - an event that was completed five years earlier .
Mr. Goldwein said the nature of the appropriations process means every program that gets federal money has a powerful backer somewhere .
One option is to outlast those supporters .
For years , Sen .
Ted Stevens , Alaska Republican and a senior member of the Appropriations Committee , was able to fight off efforts to cut the Coast Guard ’s LORAN - C navigation system , arguing that it was needed as a backup to the Global Positioning System .
But Mr. Stevens lost his bid for re-election in 2008 , leaving the pro-LORAN - C forces depleted .
In the appropriations bill , Congress included some funding but allowed the Coast Guard to terminate the program - a decision the administration announced last week .
Mr. Obama made progress on several other programs that had eluded Mr. Bush ’s ax , including a student mentoring program in the Education Department , which went from $ 47 million in 2009 to zero , and Labor Department work incentive grants , which went from $ 17 million to zero .
Budget analysts said Mr. Obama made a smart decision last year by targeting the Defense Department for some of the biggest cuts , such as the F - 22 , which received $ 2.9 billion last year , and the Future Combat Systems manned ground vehicle , which was cut by $ 1.4 billion .
Steve Ellis , a spokesman for Taxpayers for Common Sense , said he was reminded of 1930s robber Willie Sutton ’s reply when asked why he robbed banks : “ Because that ’s where the money is . ”
Brian M. Riedl , the Heritage Foundation ’s chief budget analyst , said Mr. Obama knew his audience when he went after defense items .
“ The president wisely proposed most of his cuts in defense , knowing that the Democratic Congress is going to give much more scrutiny to defense than nondefense programs , so it ’s not surprising he had some success there .
He was sailing with the wind , ” Mr. Riedl said .
Mr. Bush ’s list of proposed cuts for fiscal 2009 did n’t include any for the Defense Department , and the word “ defense ” did n’t appear once in the 194 - page volume Mr. Bush released detailing waste and inefficiency .
Mr. Obama had the benefit of working with a Congress controlled by Democrats .
Mr. Bush , in his most successful budget , for fiscal 2006 , was working with fellow Republicans when he won 40 percent of his cuts , for roughly $ 6.5 billion .
But he was working with that same Republican Congress the next year , when he won just $ 2 billion , or 15 percent of his proposed cuts .
Mr. Obama ’s victories were offset by some defeats , including several programs to which Congress added money .
The president had asked Congress to stop inserting earmarks telling the Environmental Protection Agency where to build water infrastructure projects , which in 2009 totaled $ 145 million .
Congress instead boosted the total to $ 157 million this year , according to the EPA .
Mr. Obama asked Congress to slash $ 26 million in funding for the Delta Health Initiative , arguing that the government ends up paying for equipment or facilities that should be financed by customers of private health clinics .
Instead , Sen .
Thad Cochran , Mississippi Republican and ranking member of the Appropriations Committee , inserted an earmark that keeps the money flowing and raises the level an additional $ 9 million .
Mr. Cochran said in his budget request that the money will help taxpayers by improving health services in one of the nation ’s most impoverished regions .
Mr. Obama ’s worst spending defeats , like his victories , came in defense programs .
The president had urged Congress to end funding for an alternate engine for the F - 35 Joint Strike Fighter , but Congress added $ 465 million to keep the program operating .
Congress also added $ 2.5 billion to buy more C - 17 cargo planes , which the Pentagon says are not needed .
Some of those programs could be on the chopping block again next month , when Mr. Obama is expected to submit his fiscal 2011 budget .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
[ stream img=x:/www.queerty.com/wp/docs/2010/02/armaniwindowLG.jpg provider=video flv=x:/wdaf.vid.trb.com/wdaf/video/2010/2/5/WDAF-VID1305-IN9618-OUT13626-43FF0602-4B6B660D/wdaf-vid1305-in9618-out13626-43ff0602-4b6b660d.flv
embed=true share=true width=650 height=340 dock=true controlbar=over skin=dangdang.swf bandwidth=med autostart=false /]
We already know that television shows like Glee are poisoning the minds of American children .
But so too are marketing campaigns !
Like the one from Armani|Exchange , the store that lets us use that cute | sign !
In one Missouri city , public displays of homosexual affection have reactionary parents groups riled up .
And since television news is so cheap to produce , it ’s worth covering .
Do n’t miss the soundbite from National Coalition for the Protection of Children and Families ’ Phillip Cosby about talking to your local prosecutor !
Meanwhile , be sure to protect your children from David Beckham .
He ’s loaded with homoerotic poison too !
( via )
Goldman was not the only firm that peddled these complex securities -- known as synthetic collateralized debt obligations , or C.D.O. 's -- and then made financial bets against them , called selling short in Wall Street parlance .
At www.nytimes.com
Read the rest of the story HERE : At www.nytimes.com
Sheila Samples Social Media Pages :
Sheila Samples is an Oklahoma writer and a former civilian US Army Public Information Officer .
She is a Managing Editor for OpEd News , and a regular contributor for a variety of Internet sites .
,
The views expressed herein are the sole responsibility of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of this website or its editors .
OpEdNews depends upon can't survive without your help .
If you value this article and the work of OpEdNews , please either Donate or Purchase a premium membership .
( Newser ) – Al Franken flipped out at David Axelrod Wednesday , taking him and the administration to task for failing to provide leadership on the health care bill .
The outburst came after President Obama urged Senate Democrats to “ finish the job , ” but did n’t give them any idea how to do so .
Afterwards , in a closed - door meeting , an enraged Franken lashed out over that omission , sources tell Politico .
“ It was all about leadership and health care and what the plan was going to be , ” one source said .
The meeting was held panel - style , with Democrats addressing questions to Axelrod , Tim Kaine and Paul Begala , but Franken ’s outrage was directed solely at Axelrod .
Franken was n’t alone in his anger , the sources said , merely the most vocal .
“ There was a lot of frustration there , ” said one senator .
“ People were hot . ” ( Read more Al Franken stories . )
He Said , She Said
Seriously though , marshmallow - bacon pancakes ?!
Sign me up ...
Alt - Text :
We seriously gotta take these plugs out of our ears .
I can't hear right ...
Last October the BLS announced it would revise historical payrolls lower by 824,000 on February 5 ( this Friday 's NFP release ) .
While this number will not impact the actual January NFP report ( a loss of nearly one million jobs in a month would probably even take out the persistent SPY algo that has been hugging the bid for the past 10 months ) , it will be prorated across all months in the 2008 - 2009 reporting period .
The reason for this adjustment has to do with a huge glitch in the birth - death model , which is exactly the same problem that the rating agencies faced when housing prices plummeted : the birth / death model assumes , in the long - run , jobs are created , not destroyed .
Any period of excess volatility in the stock market therefore translates into major prior downward revisions to already disclosed payrolls .
And while we know what the current revision will be , the scarier prospect is that the next historical adjustment , due out in early 2011 , will be even larger , at least 990,000 .
This means that the government has overrepresented running payroll data by over 1.8 million jobs over the past 20 months .
Bloomberg has prepared a wonderful interactive presentation explaining just how the BLS is full of itself , absent the L .
First , here is what we know will be the BLS adjustment on Friday .
Second , the reason for the adjustment has to do with the great recession , which having run for over 2 years now is still in no way abating ( contrary to what you may be hearing in other still GE - contolled media outlets ) .
Lastly , and most notably , the number that will have to be whacked from the payroll report in 2011 retroactively is even larger : according to Bloomberg it will be at least 990,000 .
And this is only for 9 months in the current period .
In essence , a Moody 's - like glitch has misrepresented the true payroll picture due to modelling error to the tune of over 1.8 million jobs .
How that will impact the president 's " jobs saved or created " calculation has yet to be determined .
Unless of course all those jobs appear merely on the same excel file that the BLS uses for all it other erroneous calculations .
How 's this for a campaign bragging point ?
Colorado Republican Jane Norton 's new ad says she :
cut government spending , eliminated waste , and de-funded Planned Parenthood .
( Emphasis added )
Voters are supposed to hear " Planned Parenthood " and think " abortion , " of course .
But given that in 2006 , 38 % of the services Planned Parenthood delivered were contraception , 29 % were STD testing and treatment , and 19 % were cancer screening and prevention , how many people -- women in particular -- are going to hear that and end up wondering why Jane Norton de-funded one of the few affordable sources of health care they have ?
You may find it difficult to re-enter the dating after separation or divorce .
A couple key considerations when you are contemplating re-entry into the dating scene :
Are you ready to date again ?
It ’s okay to take a time - out , before you start dating again .
You might feel a sense of urgency , for example , you may want to “ compete ” with your ex , who already has a girlfriend lined up .
However , in fact , there ’s no need to rush , and it ’s probably better if you allow yourself time to grieve and time to heal before you head back into the singles market .
You ’re not ready to re-enter the dating scene if :
You break into tears every time you talk about your marriage ;
You go into a rage when someone mentions your ex-husband ;
You spend your evenings recollecting happy or sad memories of your marriage ;
Your mood goes up and down , depending upon your interaction , or lack of it , with your ex ;
Another consideration - if you are separated … you ’re still married – becoming involved in a secondary relationship may have legal consequences for you .
Finally , if you are nervous about dating because “ it ’s been so long ” , that should not be a deterrent .
This is a natural and understandable feeling , but it should n’t stop you from getting out and hopefully , finding a new best friend that will cherish you in the manner you deserve .
What are you looking for ?
When you feel that you are ready to date again , you should ask yourself what you are seeking .
For example , do you want a casual acquaintance or a serious boyfriend .
What qualities are you seeking ?
If you ’re restricting yourself to a casual relationship , it ’s not particularly important to focus on the qualities that you are seeking in a serious relationship .
However , it is very important that when you are progressing towards a serious relationship , you are doing this with the person who has the right qualities for you .
On a basic level , choose a person who has respect and compassion .
What have you learned from your last serious relationship ?
In some cases , there is little to be learned from a severed relationship – this is evident in a situation in which your ex underwent some sort of mid-life crisis , and suddenly and with no warning , decided that he wanted to be a “ free man ” after being a perfect , responsible husband and father for 20 years
There ’s not much to be learned from this scenario , other than the basics of protecting yourself financially “ just in case ” .
However , in other scenarios , one can take away a life lesson .
If there is a lesson to be learned , apply it in recognize the signals that will identify this quality and stay away from a man who exhibits the signals !
Try to have a positive outlook on your past relationships !
Nobody wants to date a person who is whining about their past relationships or who coddles personal baggage .
Take away the lessons that you learned , dump the personal baggage as best you can , and move forward .
Think about how you will answer when you are asked , “ what went wrong in your marriage ? ”
When you are able to talk about your past relationships in a positive manner , you are definitely ready to go on your first date !
Are You Date - Ready ?
Your divorce is final and you are considering taking a dip back into the singles scene but you ’re not sure if you are ready to date again .
Take our quiz below and evaluate your score to see if you are indeed “ date - ready ” .
1 . Your best friend mentions over dinner that she knows a nice , attractive man she would like to introduce to you .
What is your reaction :
( a) You run from the dinner table in horror .
( b) You ask your friend for the man ’s resume and a recent photograph .
( c) You ask your friend to provide the man ’s cell phone number directly to you .
2 . You are having another tedious day at the office .
You slip into fantasy - mode .
Your fantasy consists of the following :
( a) You are the winner of a worldwide ping - pong tournament .
( b) You are attending a party hosted by P. Diddy .
( c) You are having a romantic dinner with a handsome and gallant mystery man .
3 . Your sister invites you for a night out with a group of friends .
You accept the invitation .
How do you dress for the occasion ?
( a) You wear a loose sweater and casual pants .
You might as well be comfortable , after all , you have no one to impress .
( b) You choose casual pants and a tailored blazer , but you wear no make - up and do n’t bother to wear your contact lens .
Although it ’s a “ night out ” you are accompanied by ladies only .
( c) You select a snazzy but event - appropriate outfit , which flatters your figure , and you apply make - up and some shiny hoop earrings - even though you ’re going out with the girls , you never know when or where you might meet Mr. Right .
4 . You receive an invitation to a singles event .
What is your response ?
( a) You ignore the invitation and pretend it never came to your attention .
( b) You delay your RSVP during which time you attempt to find at least 3 girlfriends that will accompany you to the event .
( c) You confirm your attendance .
5 . You have spent considerable time on an Internet dating site .
You finally “ connect ” with an interesting potential date .
He asks you for an e-mail address .
How do you respond :
( a) You consider his request … and decide he might be a psycho and it ’s best to never communicate with him again .
( b) You refuse his request but ask him to provide his e-mail to which you may respond , in due course .
( c) You create a web - based e-mail address which is safe and confidential which you can delete at a later date , if need be , and provide it to him .
How to evaluate your score :
For each answer marked ( a ) , score 3 points .
For each answer marked ( b ) , score 2 points .
For each answer marked ( c ) , score 1 point .
If you scored 5 – 9 points : you are definitely ready to enter the social scene .
Best of success on the man -hunt !
If you scored 10 – 12 points : you are almost ready to re-enter the social scene .
Try reading a few racy romance novels to give you the motivation to “ get out there ” and meet your soul - mate .
If you scored 13 – 15 points : you should enjoy a little more time getting to know who you are and what you want .
You ’ll know when the time is ripe , for you to start dating again .
When you are date - ready , there will be an incredible man waiting to share time with you .
If you ’re just coming out of a divorce or a long relationship , it can be beneficial to know some good and bad places to meet men .
Let ’s look at common ways to meet men .
Best and Worst Places for Newly Single Women to Meet Men
Common Interest Groups
Join a club or sporting league of something you are interested in .
Unless it ’s knitting , there ’s a good chance you ’ll encounter some single men through this activity .
Go to concerts of musicians you really like .
It ’s okay to go alone , maybe you ’ll meet an interesting guy .
The best part of this approach is that you know you have at least one thing in common before even knowing their name .
Online Dating
This can be both a good and bad way to meet men depending on if you know what you ’re doing .
Realize that probably 95 % of men you ’ll encounter online have one or more of the following negative traits : an interest purely in sex ( player ) , a crappy personality that renders them needing to use the Internet to find women or someone who does n’t even check their dating profile .
But if you can filter out the 95 % and get to the 5 % , online dating can be a pretty good way to meet men .
Through Friends
This is a very popular method ; the matchmaker method .
Be careful , though .
Dating friends or friends of friends is certainly convenient but it can also cause drama .
Sometimes it ’s a good idea to keep a delineation between your friendships and romantic interests .
At Work
I strongly advise against dating co-workers .
A lot of people do it because it ’s very convenient and also kind of sexy in a way since it has a “ forbidden ” element to it , but there are enough downsides to this approach that it should be off - limits .
Things will go well at first , but after you reach the “ comfortable ” stage , dating a co-worker can be hell .
You never get a break from that person since you see them at work and at home .
Moreover , it can feel like you ’re always at work since you basically never get a break from being around a co-worker .
Leave these men alone .
Keep a strong dividing line between co-workers and romantic interests .
You are two different people : the professional you and the personal you .
Do n’t mix them up , it ’s just not worth it .
At the Gym
Typically a lot of men you ’ll encounter at a gym are single or at least available .
People tend to have a stronger interest in taking care of themselves and staying in top shape when they know they ’re on the dating market .
Neighbours
Dating a neighbour is another one of those trick dating methods where the downsides ultimately outweigh the convenience .
Most people do n’t realize this at first .
While it ’s easy and comforting to date someone who lives next door to you , it ’s far from ideal .
Ultimately you ’ll find that it feels like you basically live with someone you just started dating .
It ’s an invasion of your space .
You wo n’t be able to get away or feel like you ’ve gotten away from the other person unless you take a vacation .
Keep your home your personal “ you ” space and do n’t let anyone into it on a whim .
Bars / Clubs
To be sure , you can certainly encounter some good , interesting men to date at bars and clubs .
You can also encounter a lot of douchebags though just looking to get laid .
Usually the nature of the bar determines what the men are prone to be like .
If it ’s super trendy and a big “ hot spot ” , chances are a lot of the guys there are just interested in casual encounters .
If it ’s a little less pretentious and down to earth , who knows , maybe you ’ll meet the next Mr. Right .
Fun Ideas for a Second or Third Date
You met a guy for coffee and the coffee date was great .
You met him a second time , for an early dinner , and that went well , as well .
Are you stumped for an idea for a third date ?
You could go for dinner again , with him , or you could do something unusual , that would give you insight into the person that he truly is .
Check out the following fun ideas below , perfect for a third date :
Pick a couple recipes , prepare all the ingredients and challenge your date to a cook - a - thon , it ’s a win - win situation because you both get to eat the result ( just in case , keep the number for a take - out restaurant handy ) .
Sightsee the tourist traps in your own city and especially a museum or a zoo If weather permits , enjoy a picnic
Try a pottery or ceramic - painting class
Try a yoga class together Attend a comedy movie on a Sunday afternoon Skip dinner and just go out for an ice cream sundae Surprise your new friend by playing a sporting event that you recorded for him , because you knew he missed it due to work commitments
Pick an area of the city of which you are unfamiliar , but which is filled with small , unique stores and take the time to walk around and explore it
The good news is that , if you are with the “ right person ” , you ’ll have fun no matter how you choose to spend the time together !
As of right now , I ’ve logged 14 hours into White Knight Chronicles : International Edition .
And unfortunately , the game is n’t living up to my expectations .
While this is n’t an official Elder - Geek.com “ review , ” I thought I ’d share my experience so far so people can make an informed decision on whether or not to purchase WKC .
Generally we finish all our games before posting reviews , but given the size of White Knight Chronicles , I thought I ’d chip in my thoughts early .
In WKC , you play the role of a self - made character as you tag along for the adventures of Leonard as he tries to rescue the world ’s easiest kidnappable and once mute princess , Cisna .
Along your journey to rescue and re-rescue the princess , you pick up several stereotypical teammates as you further unlock the mystery of an ancient civilization and reignite the power that lies inside the giant dormant knights .
The game also features an online - enabled role - playing experience ; a first of its kind for the Playstation 3 .
White Knight Chronicles has some pretty large expectations to fill among American gamers .
The Good
Make no mistake , WKC is a gorgeous game .
It ’s easily the best looking stateside JRPG available on the Playstation 3 .
The outdoor and the city environments are fantastic and they definitely show a level of imagination that I truly envy .
The environments are lush and green in the open plains and they feel equally dingy and dirty when inside caves and dungeons .
Cities are large and well - decorated , each breathing with their own life and cultures .
The smaller villages also feel “ lived in ” and portray a level of history that most games , even RPGs , do n’t bother to flesh out .
You mold your own character in the image that you desire in a very extensive and thorough character creator .
Unfortunately , the character creator is for humans only , but that is definitely not a deal breaker .
The bodily and facial options available allow anyone to make almost any anime character gamers can think of .
The armor and the weapon models are fantastic .
Even the leather armors make your mini-army look like a force to be reckoned with .
Most of the sword models look deadly and realistic .
They definitely have a personality of their own .
The weapons feel deadlier because they are of finer quality , not of wackier design as can be found in some Japanese role - playing games .
Unlike the Final Fantasy series and most JRPGs , the armor worn by the party physically changes their appearance , a feature which I feel should be ( and should have been for the past two console generations ) standard in all role - playing games .
That physical change stays true in most of the cutscenes as well .
This is a huge thumbs up in my book as it adds to the immersion factor tenfold .
The musical score is phenomenal and it ’s home to some of my favorite fantasy tracks of this current console generation .
It ’s haunting and beautiful at the same time .
There are few tunes that will get stuck in your head , but the music sets the mood and the atmosphere perfectly .
The Bad
While White Knight is gorgeous and it offers players amazing customization to their JRPG experience , it does have some pretty hefty flaws .
First , almost all the characters are unidentifiable .
The main character , Leonard , in essence , is Vaan from Final Fantasy XII .
He ’s not as effeminate as Vaan , but he has the exact same personality .
So if you did n’t like him , chances are you ’ll probably hate Leonard .
His friend , Yulie , is a near cookie cutter of Penelo as well .
Thankfully , Penelo was n’t a terrible character , but she is n’t the one who is empowered with the ancient and powerful White Knight and thus charged with rescuing the princess .
He is .
Equally unfortunately , the White Knight cannot be summoned without our anime hockey haircut hero in the party .
An even greater injustice is that the character you create is NOT the main character of the story .
Nor is he / she able to speak .
After you use your god - like character creation powers to mold the perfect hero , your character simply becomes a background to when the other , seemingly “ more important ” characters are talking .
I guess you could always pretend your character is a cool ninja who took a vow of silence like Snake Eyes .
If you happen to make a mistake , or you grow tired of how your character looks , there is an option to redesign your character while at save points .
While this sounds like a benefit to the game , it ’s actually one of it ’s biggest detriments .
Character redesign tickets , which allow you to unlock that option in the game , must be purchased from the Playstation Network for $ 5 .
I thought my original character looked like crap , so I dropped the $ 5 to add that option into my game only to find out that my $ 5 purchase was for ONE TIME USE ONLY .
So , before you hit “ enter ” and start the games intro movies , be 1000 % sure that you have your model perfect or else you ’ll have to live with your decision for a long time .
The combat is incredibly easy and slow .
It takes entirely too long for your attack gauge to fill up in order for it to be your turn again .
I literally held instant messaging conversations during battles in this game while waiting .
I do n’t know what the “ game over ” screen looks like in White Knight Chronicles .
I never died .
There was never a boss that I rushed into too quickly .
There was never an instance of being surrounded by too many creatures .
I never level grinded .
The enemies , from what I ’ve encountered 14 hours in , have all been entirely too easy .
Personally , I ca n’t stand grind - fest RPGs where you need to spend hours and hours of leveling your character to make it through dungeons , but I slow burned my way through every enemy encounter .
Another downside to the combat is the lack of enemy character models .
Every time I entered a new environment , I encountered the same types of enemies , but in different colors or textures .
Even the bosses I encountered were all very similar and they all required the same tactics to kill .
“ Attack legs until monster falls .
Then attack head until monster stands back up .
Repeat until dead or bored . ”
The combat screen is often times too full with text and menus and overall , it ’s very cluttered .
Many of the on - screen items could be reduced to 25 % of their size and still be more than functional which would leave room for more of the eye - candy .
But instead , you ’re left looking at a giant circle that slowly fills on screen instead of a little line below the character ’s name that could fill and let the player know when it ’s their turn to push buttons .
I did the math on my screen shots .
Most of the time during battles , roughly 77 % of the screen is filled with useless clutter which leaves 23 % of the screen for enjoyment .
The Game - Breaking
Quite possibly the biggest offense in White Knight Chronicles ‘s list of failing marks is the voice acting .
Almost all the characters are unappealing and all their voices are annoying to boot .
The worst part is , they never shut up .
Ever .
Seemingly after every battle someone in the party feels the need to speak up and start a conversation with someone else in the party .
It would be one thing if it was the selected party members speaking with each other , but conversation is held among the ENTIRE party .
So even when a member is n’t currently in your attacking party , they still speak plainly to the rest of the group as though they are n’t invisible .
And the amount of things the party can say is very limited , so you ’ll hear the same “ conversation ” over and and over again .
This does n’t seem like it would be a game breaker in any other game , but the voice acting is some of the worst I ’ve heard since the Playstation 1 .
Combine that with the unidentifiable characters and you have a game - breaking flaw .
The Wrap - Up
The story is passable and I could certainly rank it into the “ good ” section of this impression piece .
But the poor characters weigh it down , so I ’m safely leaving it in the “ neither ” pile .
It ’s typical a JRPG type of story with a dose of Voltron tossed in .
In good conscience , I cannot give a proper “ review ” of this game since I have not finished it .
Nor do I plan on finishing it .
Right now , it ’s being repackaged and sent back to the local online rental warehouse .
But if someone held a gun to my head and forced me to pick according to our Elder - Geek ratings , I ’d say it ’s worth renting .
Every gamer is different and we all have different tastes .
But what I can say is that fans of western RPGs will probably not like WKC as a whole .
They ’ll enjoy the armor selection and the character creation .
Both are fairly “ western ” in their feel .
Fans of older RPGs like Final Fantasy VI and VII might not enjoy this game as much either .
The overly complicated menu system and crowded screen real estate is going to scare away a lof of players .
If they have n’t already purchased it , fans of newer JRGs will probably find enjoyment in White Knight Chronicles , though they may be slightly disappointed with the slow combat .
It ’s big , beautiful and the story definitely has some potential .
Sadly ,
White Knight Chronicles is not going to be the system mover that many people — like myself — predicted it to be .
JRPG fans who only own a Playstation 3 will be happy to add one more to their rather paltry collection , but the rest of us will be happy with a week - long rental .
By Andrew Benson
Chandhok will be the second Indian driver in the history of F1 India 's Karun Chandhok is set to make his Formula 1 debut with the new Campos team this year , BBC Sport has learned .
The 26 - year - old is understood to have secured his drive , and the deal will be announced imminently , sources say .
Chandhok , who raced in the GP2 feeder category last year , is expected to be partnered by Brazilian Bruno Senna .
The nephew of the late F1 legend Ayrton Senna signed for Campos last year and his manager has dismissed speculation that he could lose his seat .
Campos team boss Colin Kolles refused to confirm Senna 's position when contacted by BBC Sport on Thursday , saying only that the team 's driver line - up would be announced " soon " .
But Senna 's manager Chris Goodwin told BBC Sport : " There 's no reason to think Bruno wo n't be part of it .
It 's clear as far as we 're concerned .
He signed a contract in October and he 'll be in the car this season . "
Chandhok , who has won two GP2 races in three years in the category , will be the second Indian driver to compete in F1 after Narain Karthikeyan took part in 19 races for Jordan in 2005 .
His presence will be a fillip for F1 with an Indian Grand Prix expected to make its debut on the calendar in 2011 .
Chandhok was Senna 's team - mate in the iSport team in 2008 , when the Brazilian narrowly missed out on winning the GP2 championship .
Kolles has insisted that Campos will be in Bahrain for the first race of the season on 14 March after a winter of uncertainty over their funding .
A management reshuffle earlier this month saw co-founder Jose Ramon Carabante take 100 % ownership of the team and his partner Adrian Campos replaced as team principal by Kolles .
606 : DEBATE
I would love to see Bruno Senna on the grid in Bahrain
McLaren_Monkey Senna was announced as a driver last year but there has been speculation that the team could instead take the Argentine Jose Maria Lopez .
Lopez has signed for fellow new team US F1 , but they look almost certain not to race this year and his reputed £ 5.2 m of sponsorship could be attractive for Campos .
But if Senna is retained as a race driver , there could still be room for Lopez in the test and reserve role .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I did n’t realize that in joining the military , women agreed to give up their right to medical treatments to which the Religious Right objected … but apparently they do :
Late Thursday , the Obama administration issued a new order for the U.S. military requiring all military hospitals and health centers to stock the morning after pill .
The Department of Defense will soon begin having military medical facilities stock the Plan B drug , which can sometimes cause an abortion .
…
Obama ’s decision is not going over well with Wendy Wright , the president of Concerned Women for America .
“ The military needs to focus on its prime mission , yet leftists view it as a means to promote their agenda , ” she told LifeNews.com .
“ The morning - after pill is highly ineffective in preventing pregnancies and completely useless in preventing sexually - transmitted diseases .
But it ’s a political tool for abortion advocates . ”
Wright worries the decision is the first step to pushing abortions at military hospitals .
“ By making this drug required , the next step will making drugs like RU - 486 , the abortion pill , mandatory , ” she said .
“ And doctors or pharmacists who have objections will be purged from the ranks . ”
“ The military needs to focus on discipline and proper behavior – because lives depend on it – not promoting risky behavior , ” Wright continued .
The Family Research Council is likewise demanding that women in the military be denied access to this option :
2010 Gathering Giant Economic and Financial Storm Clouds
The year 2008 bore my mark as the year the system broke .
A public article addressed the issues , laid out before the breakdown occurred in September of that year .
The consequences for the many failures , the desperate nationalizations , the hasty scrambles to put financial sewage under USGovt ownership , the realization of TARP as a vast slush fund for illegitimate bank rescues , the official monetization plans put forth to prevent bond implosions , and much more occurred in the year 2009 as a recognized aftermath .
Here we are in 2010 and the threats must again be laid out .
A prelude was offered in an mid-December article entitled " Full Circle of Govt Debt Default " ( CLICK HERE ) where a global sovereign debt ruin in vicious circle was displayed the sequence that started in the Untied States and will end in the Untied States .
Rather than make specific forecasts of extreme events , a list is presented much like a smorgasbord .
The odds are 100: 1 in favor at least one extreme event occurring in this current calendar year in my view .
The odds are very high in favor of several events taking place this year .
The key here is that a great many extremely damaging and highly disruptive events loom like giant gathering storm clouds that meet , complete with lightning displays .
More terrestrial types might consider that a great many land mine explosives lie in the wide pathways ahead .
At least a few extreme craters will be formed .
A few financial edifices will be toppled .
Great changes come , especially to the global power structures .
This time around , the stakes are bigger , and entire nations will face debt failure and national realignment .
The ripple effects will reshape the global financial system .
The blind , the deficient , and the compromised fail to fully appreciate and detect the meaning of the Dubai debt default or the Iceland financial failure .
They actually believe these busts have been dealt with by the very strength of the capitalist system .
These default failures signify a continuation of the credit market crisis that never went away .
Instead , accounting fraud was legalized .
Instead , bloated bank toxic balance sheets were permitted .
Instead , sovereign debt finance by monetary expansion was endorsed , i.e. monetization .
Instead , stock equity sales to the nitwits incapable of reading balance sheets was widespread .
Instead , broader statistical gimmickry of economic data was installed .
Not a single meaningful reform has taken place on US soil , which guarantees the continuation of the credit crisis is assured .
No substantial reduction of US home loan balance sheets .
No return of US manufacturing .
No liquidation of dead US banks .
No removal of Goldman Sachs from control of the USDept Treasury .
No disclosure of US Federal Reserve disbursements of over $ 1 trillion .
No steps to restore the Glass Steagall Act to create firewalls between the financial sectors .
No effort to prosecute for $ trillion bond fraud .
No initiative to bring to light the deep criminal lace to Fannie Mae and AIG , now protected under USGovt aegis .
No attempt to rein in military spending and endless wars .
No movement to create a monetary system with a currency other than the current debt denominated $ 20 bill coupons .
Instead , with much greater force , enthusiasm , and recklessness , the financial system hurtled deeper into the Weimar chambers of commerce .
Worse , most steps simply apply greater doses of precisely what caused the problems with debt overload and excessive monetary expansion .
Worse doubly , most reforms grant even more power to those responsible for the breakdowns and fraud perpetration .
The Untied States is being recognized internationally as a rogue nation moving headlong toward communism , run by powerful syndicates , whose most prominent foreign policy is explained by military hardware .
There is no shred of the capitalist structural makeup remotely evident outside of Asia .
We see cronyism systems in the West , but worse , we see syndicate systems with alleged cords of criminality .
The discredit of the central bank franchise system is barely noticed by the mainstream , which applauds the printing press monetary operators without recognition of the repeat of Weimar chapters .
Just today , the New York Times formally posed the question of how the US Federal Reserve can prevent the next asset bubble when it missed the last one .
It actually misses all asset bubbles , creates them all , and denies the existence of each during formation .
The signature signals of a failed central bank is a lasting 0 % rate and heavy monetization , called euphemistically Quantitative Easing so as to make economist failure sound like some wondrous medical prescription in high falluting nomenclature .
How about the US Financial Reform being called Economicus Moribundus and the vast printing of money in monetary policy being called Whisky Delugius ?
Let 's review a rather lengthy list of potential events .
These are not wild raving pronouncements .
Each has some critical mass of likelihood .
Each event is presented like an ugly perverse budding shoot on the charred landscape , easily representing an element of the Paradigm Shift .
The global shift is almost totally missed by the American leaders , the press networks , and the people .
My interpretation is that they live inside the US Dome of Perception , and hardly ever pay attention to matters pertaining to the USDollar .
They instead regard it as a constant factor , quite erroneously .
The list to follow includes matters often considered sacred , due to the sanctity and inertness of sovereign governments and their debt .
The event closest to the Untied States is the dreadful dismemberment of Mexico , which is Greece on steroids and cocaine with the temperature turned up and the violence turned up , where the law enforcement and military have both been compromised and infiltrated .
It is a tight race between the US and Mexico as to which nation is more overrun by crime syndicates .
The difference is the US has white collar crime , while Mexico violent crime .
The following events are presented as potential disasters looming , spanning the full spectrum , each with triggers in numerous arenas .
These are potential disasters , not presented as forecasts , but rather as a list to beware for nasty highly disruptive eruptions .
They are loaded with a geopolitical streak , in keeping with Paradigm Shift that signifies a powerful set of changes in altered power .
The one common trait all the following potential events have is that they are systemic game change agents .
The globe will be reshaped by each and every event that comes to pass .
They are not listed in any order of likelihood , since they are all very much at risk of occurrence , and integrally interconnected to a frightening degree .
Each would heap tremendous damage , disruption , and devastation , upon occurrence .
One should note that if one or two events occur , then others might occur with domino effect from the chain reaction of chaos and opportunity .
Note for instance , how the Dubai default resulted in Greek Govt debt downgrade , with no connection except possibly some ancient Greek statues in marble lined parlors in Dubai edifices .
The ripple effects will be felt for a full year , just like Lehman , Fannie Mae , and AIG in the United States , just like Northern Rock , Royal Bank of Scotland , and Lloyds in England .
The triggers have been ignited , and constant fallout comes .
The process never stopped , only the perception that it had stopped .
The process can only stop when liquidation and reform occur .
Neither is remotely evident .
Use the following scale for grading risk and effect .
The likelihood of the event happening will be shown as a percentage , with 0 % the lowest and 100 % a certainty .
The impact for each and every stated event would indeed be huge , extreme , and dangerous .
Many different sources have provided lists of extreme events for the new current year , a tradition .
Much lies in common for those who choose to think ahead , instead of employing the common practice of putting a new less credible layer of deception on the current landscape .
The best among all the sources seen in my view has been the Business Insider .
Thanks to my own circle of colleagues and confidants , who provided at least a couple of events listed .
EXTREME WARNINGS FOR EXTREME TIMES
Saudi Royals fall :
The Saudi Arabian royal family would lose government control to the Islamic Fundamentalists and is replaced .
Scores of old royals escape loaded with hundreds of billion $ in assets , conjuring up memories of the Shah of Iran .
Disruptions and instability spread across the entire Persian Gulf .
A clampdown of fundamentalist groups in other Gulf nations invites backlash .
Occupation forces in Iraq face renewed resistance .
( chance : 20 % )
China gains full naval military capability : The Chinese Military would attain aircraft carrier force with three carrier groups .
In expert circles they call it blue water capability .
With this potential , including long range strike potential , the balance of power in Asia is altered .
Pressures are put as a result toward changed alliances in key nations considered loyal to the West .
Certain strategic points gain attention , as focus is trained on the Mallacan Straits , the Panama Canal , the Suez Canal , the Bosporus Straits , the access routes to the Bering Sea , Australia , and South America . ( chance : 30 % )
Russian cuts off natural gas to Eastern Europe : Russia would enter a deep dispute with Eastern European nations , in particular Ukraine , and cuts off the flow of natural gas .
Disputes center on return to the Russian fold from the independent factions encouraged by the Untied States motivated by the many Color Revolutions .
Caught in the middle , at the end of the distribution lines , is Central Europe , whose ties forged by Germany to Russia remain healthy and strong .
Russia later forges an alliance with Central Europe that results in some stability , as it becomes clear that Russia has come of age as a peacemaker with further ramifications in time .
( chance : 50 % )
Greece defaults on its debt : Great problems would result for the parent European Union , sure to fracture .
Germany lets it go , does not cover the Greek debt , but employs plausible deniability on minimal offered assistance .
A chain reaction begins , to reach the other vulnerable nations .
Portugal , Italy , and Spain teeter upon the event , soon to suffer their own defaults , none aided .
Even France suffers the ignominy of default , but is aided by Germany in the end , unlike the PIGS nations .
The crux of the matter is refinance rollover of debt , which fails .
The non-German EuroBonds then rise in yields , enough to force a split in the Euro currency to form the Nordic Core Euro .
Default nations revert to their old former currencies and suffer massive devaluations .
( chance : 80 % )
Mexico fails as a state :
The conditions in Mexico would become fully recognized and openly discussed .
Two factors are front & center .
The rise of the drug cartels in their control of the nation in numerous aspects is already global news .
The unexpected net import of crude oil that ruins the nation 's federal finances is not yet global news .
The former has been understood , but the loss of oil exports takes the region by total surprise .
Hyper-inflation then hits Mexico , which prints money to alleviate the federal budget shortfall .
Chaos results on numerous levels .
Supply disruption hits the US southern refineries .
( chance : 70 % )
Credit crisis relapse hits the US banks :
The Untied States would suffer a relapse into a second round of bank failures , debt defaults , institutional liquidations , corporate deaths , and market disruptions .
The proximal cause is the spread and continuation of the property decline , home foreclosures , and commercial defaults .
Numerous bank analysts continue to harp on commercial mortgage loss risk after a 40 % price decline , so far covered up by phony accounting rules .
Impaired assets sit as bank assets .
A trigger is the USFed removal from mortgage bond support , coupled with a powerful second downwave in housing prices from Option ARMortgages .
A solution is put forth for wide USGovt purchase of housing inventory and the official advent of Fannie Mae as landlord .
The supply chain is disrupted in extreme ways , as commercial paper grinds to a halt , and a deeper recession takes root .
( chance : 40 % )
The US supply chain suddenly suffers disruptions :
The economic supply chain would be crippled by its two primary points of vulnerability .
The finance credit lines are tied to wounded commercial paper markets .
The actual tangible output supply comes from industries that struggle in credit flow , unstable prices , burdensome regulations , worker shortages , and constricted metal supply .
Certain trucking firms have already shut down .
Gasoline refineries are below their 1990 capacity .
Mexican oil supply is soon to end .
The lack of trained skilled experienced workers is chronic .
( chance : 40 % )
Fannie
Mae is revealed as a slush fund , toxic bond haven , and object of grand criminal fraud coverup : Leaks would lead to calls for further Congressional investigations of mortgage bond fraud and past presidential pilferage .
At the same time , various alerts would be given that the USGovt is harboring a black hole certain to cost over $ 2 trillion in additional bailouts , maybe up to $ 4 trillion .
The prospect of wide USGovt home ownership from default sparks research reports and great scrunity , even clamor by younger members of Congress .
The unlimited credit line to back USAgency debt securities has opened the door to a nasty effect on perception of USTreasury debt , as global perception of the actual USGovt debt ramps up 50 % .
Discussion of default rises .
( chance : 40 % )
The real 911 story comes out :
The full seamy story would be revealed with many participants named .
No further comment except that nation then would become deeply divided in reaction , and international isolation would result .
The beneficiaries become the object of scrunity , criticism , and investigation .
Attention turns to the swine flu vaccination and global Cap & Trade green taxes , each of which faces the harsh eye of investigation in Europe . ( chance : 20 % )
Iran is attacked : Great controversy would result from the direct attack of its nuclear facilities and other targets .
Controversy would stir from scattered unconfirmed reports of involvement by various nations .
Retaliation by Russia and China , long promised , then comes in hidden ways not fully understood .
In the aftermath , the banks in the Mideast region are subjected to great scrutiny by several global players , especially one US ally nation .
( chance : 10 % )
Japan suffers a financial & economic crisis :
A recession would take grip , spreading to its financial markets .
Reduced export trade eliminated the trade surplus long ago .
The Japanese Govt Bond then jumps higher by 2 % or 3 % in bond yield .
The rising Yen currency consequently runs up 20 % to 30 % from the reverse of the Yen Carry Trade .
Their export trade grinds to a near halt , and major conglomerate banks announce insolvency .
Then China steps in . ( chance : 40 % )
UKGovt suffers a debt downgrade : The United Kingdom would be the first major industrialized nation to lose its high credit rating .
The UKGilt bond yields then rise above 6 % without pause .
The threat of sovereign debt default is debated .
The British Pound currency falls , which perversely aids the USDollar .
Shock waves extend to the Wall Street financial center .
Later , scrutiny comes to the USTreasury for its own downgrade and default risk .
( chance : 50 % )
Talk swirls for eliminating some central banks :
Debate would focus on the central bank role as cause for asset bubbles , and extensions to the faulty nature of money itself .
Analysts would cite money free from anchors of asset backing .
However , awareness rises of the impracticality of central bank elimination , since debt liquidation and cleared decks cannot occur without global depression .
In the background is rampant discussion of syndicate involvement and the risks of retaliation by the secretive banker organizations .
( chance : 10 % )
China faces a degree of chaos :
Falling export trade , faltering bank reserves , empty commercial buildings , rising unemployment , idle factories , stalled construction projects , and restive population would contribute to a national crisis that struggles to be told amidst press controls .
Armed with a $ 2500 billion war chest of reserves , China begins to convert assets into tangible rescues , aid , and welfare .
The Chinese crisis then ignites a global sale of USTreasurys .
As an offshoot to the chaos , the colonization of America then begins , as China cashes in on its USAgency Mortgage Bonds .
It exploits it cut deal of Eminent Domain conversion of bonds into property .
( chance : 20 % )
Food prices soar in the US :
The divergence between official crop forecasts would clash with the reality of crop failures and profound shortages this summer .
Being the greatest food production source , the US crisis spreads globally .
The deCarbonnel threat is realized , as foreign nations sell US $ - based assets in order to finance food supply purchases .
China enters the fray as a buyer of distressed farm property , amidst accusations of carpetbagger .
( chance : 80 % )
JPMorgan is object of persistent rumors of gigantic credit derivative losses :
The slowly rising USTreasury Bond long - term yield would cause deep painful losses to JPMorgan .
Their abuse of Interest Rate Swap contracts becomes a topic of debate .
The monetization of USTreasurys becomes a topic of debate .
The ability for the USGovt to control its deficits and auxiliary ( hidden ) losses becomes a topic of debate .
Even bond fraud within JPM hallowed halls becomes a topic of debate .
To cover the losses , monetary inflation grows out of control , and a USDollar decline ensues , taking the DX dollar index below the 70 level .
( chance : 40 % )
London metals exchange shuts down :
The venerable London Bullion Market Assn would close , unable to fulfill gold orders .
The varied stories continue regarding unorthodox practices from the London metals exchange in the month of December , like redemption of gold contracts in cash , like outsized demands for gold delivery mainly by Chinese entities but increasingly by the Swiss , like satisfaction of gold contracts with Street Tracks GLD shares , and much more .
Scrutiny with assays upon high volume delivery have been standard since the tungsten gold story emerged , an indirect confirmation often ignored .
The supply chain with intermediaries suddenly halts , as they too have no gold bullion to supply the LBMA .
Companies shut down .
Lawsuits result .
Prosecutions begin .
Midlevel officials are arrested .
Some turn state 's evidence .
The gold price enters a state of extreme confusion , with vast discrepancies between paper gold price and physical gold price .
( chance : 70 % )
GOLD & SILVER START A NEW YEAR
Like after a stormy night , the new year has arrived much like a new market with fresh perspectives .
The end of tax loss selling , accompanied by tax gain offsets , has come .
The beneficial effect is equally shared between gold and silver , although the percentage gain from the recent reversals this week is larger for silver .
Not shown in the two graphs is the upward jump in today 's prices .
They extended gains , with gold reaching the 1135 level , and silver reaching the 18.1 level .
The most important factors to keep in clear focus are why gold is rising in a powerful upward trend in the first place .
They have not changed .
There is no end in government spending , from the Untied States , the UK , Europe , and Japan .
There is no meaningful reform of any kind , surely no remedy unless one considers padding banker balance sheets with taxpayer funds as pre-requisite for remedy .
There is only a rampant rabid race to grow the money supply , to produce federal deficits , to expand the central bank balance sheets .
The real adjusted cost of money is negative after price inflation .
The 0 % official rates have become fixtures , as central banks look increasingly incompetent in justifying their continuation .
Notice the sharp reversals since the new January month began .
Long - term moving averages remain in the uptrend , despite the orchestrated December correction .
Investment demand is skyrocketing , a story barely told in the Western press .
The wide band for the silver price hints of a strong price rise toward the 20 level on the next upswing .
It has already begun .
The tumultuous 2010 year , identified by at least a few key critical events listed above , will send the gold & silver prices soaring .
Those who believe the hype in the previous month by the mainstream biased press will regret not climbing aboard .
This will be the year of magnificent crises that change the face of the global financial structures .
Debt will be dumped like a broken Vegas gambler .
Paper money will be discarded like yesterday 's newspaper .
With the crude oil price at almost $ 83 per barrel , where are the Deflation Knuckleheads now ?
They led some gold investors to exit before the push from $ 900 to $ 1200 .
They remain legends only to the image in their own mirrors .
The crude oil price might actually come down somewhat in the coming month or two , from scads of vessels loaded and sitting at sea .
But gold & silver are set to continue a powerful upward thrust in price , as the perversion of money has become a desperate broad global pursuit .
Most major currencies face serious debasement .
This is a great opportunity to join the Precious Metals Locomotive after a pit stop .
Targets are gold at $ 1375 and silver at $ 22.25 per ounce .
THE HAT TRICK LETTER PROFITS IN THE CURRENT CRISIS .
From subscribers and readers :
At least 30 recently on correct forecasts such as the Lehman Brothers failure , numerous nationalization deals such as for Fannie Mae , grand Mortgage Rescue , and General Motors .
“ You freakin rock !
I just wanted to say how much I love your newsletter .
I have subscribed to Russell , Faber , Minyanville , Richebacher , Mauldin , and a few others , and yours is by far my all time favorite !
You should have taken over for the Richebacher Letter as you take his analysis just a bit further and with more of an edge . ” - ( DavidL in Michigan )
“ I used to read your public articles , and listen to you , but never realized until I joined what extra and detailed analysis you give to subscription clients .
You always seem to be far ahead of everyone else .
It is useful to ‘ see ’ what is happening , and you do this far better than the economists !
I can think of many areas in life now where the best exponent is somebody not trained academically in that area . ” - ( JamesA in England )
“ A few years ago , I was amazed at some of the stuff you were writing .
Over time your calls have proved to be correct , on the money and frighteningly true .
The information you report is provocative and prime time that we are not getting in the news .
I was shocked when I read that the banks were going to fail in one of your prescient newsletters . ” - ( DorisR in Pennsylvania )
“ You seem to have it nailed .
I used to think you were paranoid .
Now I think you are psychic ! ” - ( ShawnU in Ontario )
“ Your unmatched ability to find and unmask a string of significant nuggets , and to wrap them into a meaningful mosaic of the treachery -*****- stupidity which comprise our current financial system , make yours the most informative and valuable of investment letters .
You have refined the ‘ bits - and - pieces ’ approach into an awesome intellectual tool . ” - ( RobertN in Texas )
by Jim Willie CB
Editor of the “ HAT TRICK LETTER ”
Home : Golden Jackass website
Subscribe : Hat Trick Letter
Use the above link to subscribe to the paid research reports , which include coverage of several smallcap companies positioned to rise during the ongoing panicky attempt to sustain an unsustainable system burdened by numerous imbalances aggravated by global village forces .
An historically unprecedented mess has been created by compromised central bankers and inept economic advisors , whose interference has irreversibly altered and damaged the world financial system , urgently pushed after the removed anchor of money to gold .
Analysis features Gold , Crude Oil , USDollar , Treasury bonds , and inter-market dynamics with the US Economy and US Federal Reserve monetary policy .
Jim Willie CB is a statistical analyst in marketing research and retail forecasting .
He holds a PhD in Statistics .
His career has stretched over 25 years .
He aspires to thrive in the financial editor world , unencumbered by the limitations of economic credentials .
Visit his free website to find articles from topflight authors at www.GoldenJackass.com .
For personal questions about subscriptions , contact him at JimWillieCB@aol.com
Jim Willie CB Archive
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
WASHINGTON  Leading Democrats on the House Energy and Commerce Committee said Monday that Toyota relied on a flawed study in dismissing the notion that computer issues could be at fault for sticking accelerator pedals , and then made misleading statements about the repairs .
The comments , from Henry A. Waxman , chairman of the committee , and Bart Stupak , a subcommittee chairman , were made in an 11 - page letter to James E. Lentz III , the president of Toyota Motor Sales U.S.A .
The letter was released Monday on the eve of the committee ’s hearing on the Toyota recalls , one of three scheduled .
Toyota earlier released more than 75,000 pages of documents , including 20,000 in Japanese , that the committee had requested .
The representatives , in a separate letter to the transportation secretary , Ray LaHood , said they also were concerned about the competency of investigations into Toyota ’s problems by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration , the federal safety agency .
Spy threats
Chinese intelligence agents stepped up spying and technology collection activities against the United States last year , according to Director of National Intelligence Dennis C. Blair .
The problem of Chinese spying topped the list of foreign spy services targeting the United States that was disclosed by the retired Navy admiral during his annual threat briefing before the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence , highlighting what other officials have said is among the most serious counterintelligence problems .
China ’s main spy services are the Ministry of State Security and the military ’s Second Department , known as 2PLA .
Both are among the most aggressive spy services , according to intelligence officials , in seeking government secrets and economic and trade data to boost China ’s military and civilian modernization .
Several Chinese intelligence - related cases were prosecuted by federal authorities in recent years , including cases that involved China ’s theft of Navy and Air Force weapons technology and secrets .
“ During the past year , Chinas intelligence services continue to expand and operate in and outside the United States , ” Mr. Blair said in testimony made public Wednesday .
“ Its human collection services enhanced their collection and processing capabilities directed against the United States . ”
Other spy threats include Moscow ’s intelligence services , which he said continue to “ strengthen its intelligence capabilities and directs them against U.S. interests worldwide . ”
Russian spies are engaged in espionage , technology acquisition and “ covert action efforts to alter events abroad without showing its hand , ” he said .
Iran also is beefing up its focus on U.S. intelligence activities and is cooperating with other foreign spies to extend its reach , Mr. Blair said .
Cuban intelligence agents also are spying on U.S. operations and intentions around the world , and the Cuban spies are working with “ a number of U.S. adversaries and competitors , ” Mr. Blair said , without naming them .
North Korean agents are seeking U.S. technology , and Venezuelan spies are “ working to counter U.S. influence in Latin America by supporting leftist governments and insurgent groups , ” he said .
The spying activities of al Qaeda are “ effective but uneven and Lebanon ’s Hezbollah has shown “ effective intelligence and counterintelligence capabilities and activities . ”
Drug traffickers and international organized crime networks also are improving their intelligence gathering efforts and “ pose a growing threat to the United States , ” Mr. Blair said .
Climate threat ?
The Pentagon ’s new four - year strategy review seeks to advance the Obama administration ’s effort to make climate change a key element of its domestic and international policies .
The Quadrennial Defense Review report , which is meant to guide defense and military policies and weapons purchases , lists global warming and energy security as among the four most important security priorities , despite recent reports suggesting the science behind climate change has been skewed .
The report stated that global warming will produce melting ice , heavy rain and other calamities that could produce disruptions worldwide .
It said that according to intelligence reports , global warming will lead to increased poverty , environmental problems , natural disasters , the weakening of fragile governments , food and water scarcity , the spread of disease , and mass population migration .
“ While climate change alone does not cause conflict , it may act as an accelerant of instability or conflict , placing a burden to respond on civilian institutions and militaries around the world , ” the report said .
Dennis C. Blair , the director of national intelligence , presented a less alarming view in his statement to the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence on Wednesday .
He noted that U.S. intelligence does not conduct climate research and said spy agencies also do n’t evaluate “ the science of climate change , ” nor the degree it will take place , or what is driving it , an apparent reference to the recent controversy about whether climate scientists were hiding data in an effort to hype the problem .
Mr. Blair said climate change is “ highly unlikely to trigger failure in any state out to 2030 ” but could add to conflicts between or within states .
Retired Air Force Lt. Gen. Thomas McInerney said the administration ’s focus on climate change is misplaced .
“ It is inconceivable that this administration would consider climate change , aka global warming , as a threat when they cannot even identify radical Islam at Fort Hood , ” Gen .
McInerney said , a reference to the mass shooting that authorities say was carried out by Maj.
Nidal Hasan at the Texas base .
“ This is by far the most dramatic change in U.S. strategy since World War II and will make us very vulnerable , ” Gen. McInerney said .
The environmentalist veterans group Operation Free praised the climate change emphasis in the report .
“ With this statement , it is clear that action is needed to prevent climate change in the cause of American safety and security , ” said , Jonathan Murray , a spokesman .
China intel priority
Rep. Silvestre Reyes , Texas Democrat and chairman of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence , told the director of national intelligence , Dennis C. Blair , that he wants China to remain a high intelligence priority .
Describing China as “ an ally , ” Mr. Reyes said , “ China still clearly poses a threat to our national interests . ”
“ Although the president has promised a more conciliatory era in U.S. - China relations , we cannot ignore the Chinese - originated cyber-attacks and the continued and significant buildup of the Chinese navy , ” he said .
“ Despite reports to the contrary , I hope that China remains a top priority for our intelligence community . ”
Mr. Reyes was referring to a Jan. 20 report in The Washington Times that revealed that the White House National Security Council had ordered U.S. intelligence agencies to downgrade China as an intelligence collection requirement from “ Priority 1 ” to “ Priority 2 . ”
The policy change was made despite objections from Mr. Blair and CIA Director Leon E. Panetta , according to U.S. officials .
Cyber defenses
Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates said this week that U.S. military and defense systems designed to counter cyber- attacks from states like China need to be improved .
The Pentagon ’s four - year strategy report noted that each day more than 7 million Pentagon computers used to support war fighters and other defense operations are targeted in computer attacks .
Sen. Susan Collins , Maine Republican , asked Mr. Gates on Tuesday about the problem , noting that “ some of these attacks are from nation states like China . ”
Mr. Gates replied during a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing on Tuesday that computer systems holding secret information “ are in good shape . ”
“ Most of the attacks that we encounter [ are ] to our to unclassified systems , ” he said .
“ But , frankly , we ’re not happy with where we are , and particularly as we look ahead . ”
Separately , Director of National Intelligence Dennis C. Blair , told the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence that the recent Chinese computer attacks on Google and other high - tech companies highlight the threat .
“ The recent intrusions reported by Google are a stark reminder of the importance of these cyber- assets , and a wake - up call to those who have not taken this problem seriously , ” Mr. Blair said .
The Pentagon is setting up a Cyber Command to deal with the problem and the Quadrennial Defense Review makes dealing with cyber - attacks a priority , he said .
“ So I would say I think we ’re in good shape now , but we look with concern to the future , and we think a lot more needs to be done , ” Mr. Gates said .
Gay battle
While the battle over gays in the military kicked off in the Senate this week , over in the House , Republicans are quietly developing a strategy to keep a policy known as “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell , ” reports special correspondent Rowan Scarborough .
Their approach will be absent of gay - bashing , and instead focus on two arguments : the policy to exclude open homosexuals since 1993 is working ; and the country cannot jeopardize combat readiness in time of two wars , Iraq and Afghanistan , and of stressful overseas deployments .
“ I strongly believe that the question of whether the law should be changed must ultimately rest on the matters of military readiness , cohesion , morale , good order and discipline , ” Rep. Howard P. “ Buck ” McKeon , the top Republican on the House Armed Services Committee , wrote Jan. 20 .
His letter went to Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates and Adm. Mike Mullen , Joint Chiefs chairman .
Mr. McKeon then asked 14 questions that put them on notice that they will have to prove that ending the gay ban , as proposed by President Obama , will help the military defeat enemies .
For example , “ To what extent has the current law hindered the military ’s ability in a measurable way to recruit and retain qualified personnel to meet service manpower requirements ? ”
The GOP thinks the answer should be that it has had no measurable effect .
And another , “ To what degree and how would repeal of the current law improve military readiness ? ”
Pro-ban legislators say it will be difficult for the Pentagon to assert that open homosexuality in the ranks will increase readiness .
The policy from 1993 states , in part :
“ The presence in the armed forces of persons who demonstrate a propensity or intent to engage in homosexual acts would create an unacceptable risk to the high standards of morale , good order and discipline , and unit cohesion that are the essence of military capability . ”
Iran sanctions
Iran is preparing to counter tougher economic sanctions sought by the Obama administration for Tehran ’s refusal to comply with international controls on its uranium enrichment program .
According to written testimony by Dennis C. Blair , the director of national intelligence , on Wednesday before the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence , the Iranians plan to import gasoline from China and Venezuela to make up for shortages produced by new sanctions .
Current sanctions and pressure on Iran have hurt Tehran ’s economy by disrupting its trade and slowing some projects .
“ Iran has made contingency plans for dealing with future additional international sanctions by identifying potential alternative suppliers of gasoline — including China and Venezuela , ” Mr. Blair stated .
To circumvent bank sanctions , Iran has begun using small , non-Western banks , and is dealing in non-U.S. currency for many financial transactions , he said .
Additionally , the paramilitary Revolutionary Guard and the Iranian intelligence service also have been engaged in smuggling crude oil to skirt sanctions and make a profit , he said .
Despite the sanctions - busting , “ we nonetheless judge that sanctions will have a negative impact on Iran ’s recovery from its current economic slowdown , ” Mr. Blair said .
• E-mail Bill Gertz at bgertz@washingtontimes.com .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
An Indian man who said he was set alight by assailants near his Melbourne home last month accidentally burned himself while torching his car for an insurance claim , police allege .
Jaspreet Singh , 29 , of Grice Crescent , Essendon , in the city 's north , faced an out - of - sessions hearing early this morning before a bail justice at St Kilda Road police complex charged with making a false report to police and criminal damage with a view to gaining a financial advantage .
The case gained international headlines among a series of attacks by white Australians on Indian nationals in Melbourne .
Singh , who is in Australia on his wife 's student visa , told police he was doused with petrol and set alight as he parked his car near his home early on Saturday , January 8 .
Singh was taken to The Alfred hospital with burns to 15 per cent of his body , affecting his face , arms and hands .
CENTRAL FALLS , R.I. – Some 1,000 teachers and supporters from Rhode Island ’s labor movement packed a town park here Tuesday night in a rousing show of support for nearly 100 teachers and school personnel threatened with firing by the school superintendent , Frances Gallo .
But that did not deter the school board from voting , 5 - 2 , to OK the firing of every teacher at the only high school in this impoverished , majority minority , former mill town .
As the names of 74 classroom teachers , plus reading specialists , guidance counselors , physical education teachers , the school psychologist , the principal and three assistant principals , were read aloud , the teachers , many wearing red – one of the school ’s colors – stood up , some crying .
In the audience also were students like 17 - year - old Kelyn Salazar , a Central Falls High junior , who told a reporter , “ It ’s not motivating me to come to school anymore . ”
At the rally earlier , she told the crowd the teacher firings would hurt students academically and emotionally .
It “ makes my heart break into pieces , ” she said .
The firings were hailed by right - wing anti-union groups such as the Muskegon , Mich . - based “ Education Action Group Foundation , ” which said it is putting up a billboard in Central Falls backing the superintendent ’s action .
This group boasts that it publishes two anti-union blogs , NEAexposed.com and AFTexposed.com .
It has ties to the Michigan Republican Party and billionaire Dick DeVos .
The mass teacher firings also drew immediate praise from U.S. Education Secretary Arne Duncan .
In comments his aide e-mailed to the Providence Journal that night , Duncan said he “ applauded ” the school board for “ showing courage and doing the right thing for kids . ”
Duncan ’s support for the mass firings will be seen by many as a slap in the face to teachers , their unions and the entire labor movement .
The impact could extend far beyond those directly involved in education , as labor is widely recognized as the crucial factor to Obama ’s 2008 victory in some key states .
Gallo said she made the move because teachers refused to accept her “ transformational ” plan to remedy the school ’s low test scores and graduation rates .
But Central Falls Teachers Union President Jane Sessums told a reporter , “ We do n’t take lightly that our scores are low .
Everyone acknowledges that we have work to do . ”
The union , part of the Rhode Island Federation of Teachers , says it agreed with the transformation concept but objected to the superintendent ’s “ take it or leave it ” approach .
Last August , Duncan announced requirements for $ 3.5 billion in Title I School Improvement grants to “ turn around the nation ’s lowest performing schools . ”
Each school district applying for the funding is required to implement one of four “ rigorous interventions . ”
First on the list is a “ turnaround model ” that calls for replacing the principal and at least 50 percent of the school ’s staff , and adopting a “ new governance structure ” and “ new or revised instructional program . ”
Number two is the “ restart model ” – close “ failing ” schools and reopen them under the management of a charter school operator or “ management organization . ”
Number three is simply labeled “ school closure ” – close “ failing ” schools and transfer the students to other schools in the district .
Last on the list is the “ transformational model ” – 1 ) developing “ teacher and school leader effectiveness , ” which includes replacing the principal , 2 ) implementing “ comprehensive instructional reform strategies , ” 3 ) “ extending learning and teacher planning time and creating community - oriented schools , ” and 4 ) “ providing operating flexibility and sustained support . ”
Any district with nine or more schools affected is not allowed to use any single strategy in more than half of its schools .
Chicago , where Duncan was schools chief before his current job , has been a laboratory for those models , with 85 school closings in the past few years , massive shuffling of students among schools , and wholesale firings of everyone from teachers with Master ’s degrees to cafeteria “ lunch ladies . ”
In a statement issued Wednesday , American Federation of Teachers President Randi Weingarten said , “ We are disappointed that U.S. Education Secretary Arne Duncan did n’t get all the facts - or even speak with teachers - before weighing in on the mass firing . ”
“ Everyone involved , including teachers , has a responsibility to improve the quality of education at Central Falls High School , ” Weingarten said .
“ We are surprised that Superintendent Frances Gallo , who wants to fire every school employee , has not accepted any responsibility herself , especially since she has been at the helm for three years . ”
The union head also expressed disappointment that Gallo and the state education commissioner had rejected Weingarten ’s offers to meet to resolve the situation , and had also rejected a mediation proposal by former Republican Sen.
Lincoln Chafee , now an independent and front - running candidate for governor .
The union has a track record of success in collaborative problem - solving .
Photo : PW / Susan Webb
Some 1,000 fresh letters have been sent to alleged illegal file - sharers More than 150 people have approached consumer publication Which ?
Computing claiming to have been wrongly targeted in crackdowns on illegal file - sharing .
ACS : Law has sent thousands of letters to people claiming they have illegally downloaded material and offers them a chance to settle by paying around £ 500 .
Which ?
says it has been approached by some - including a 78 year - old accused of downloading pornography - who have no knowledge of the alleged offence .
ACS : Law said its methods were accurate .
The London - based firm said that it would send more letters soon .
However , since the latest letters were sent two weeks ago , ten new people have come forward saying they have been wrongly accused .
One told Which ? : " My 78 year - old father yesterday received a letter from ACS Law demanding £ 500 for a porn file he is alleged to have downloaded .
" He does n't even know what file - sharing or BitTorrent is so has certainly not done this himself or given anyone else permission to use his computer to do such a thing . "
' Wrongly targeted '
Which ?
Computing is concerned that too many innocent people are being wrongly accused .
" Innocent consumers are being threatened with legal action for copyright infringements they not only have n't committed , but would n't know how to commit , " said Matt Bath , technology editor of Which ?
Many " will be frightened into paying up rather than facing the stress of a court battle " , he added .
It has been said that we have no intention of going to court but we have no fear of it
Andrew Crossley
Lawyers target ' pirates ' for cash Games firms ' catching ' non-gamers
He advised people who believe they have been wrongly targeted to " rigorously deny it and , if possible , provide physical evidence of where they were when the infringement took place " .
He also advised them to contact Which with the details of their case .
Andrew Crossley , of ACS : Law , said that some cases had been dropped although he declined to give numbers .
He said that he is convinced the method used to detect the IP address used for illegal downloads is foolproof .
" We are happy that the information we get is completely accurate , " he said .
He said the letters do not accuse individuals .
" We explain that an infringement has taken place but it may not be the account holder who has done it , " he said .
He advised those who believe they have been wrongly accused to seek out the " advice of a technical expert or the citizens ' advice bureau " .
But he warned that people " should n't just think that writing and saying they did n't do it will be sufficient " .
Mr Crossley said the majority of illegally shared content was music with only 10 % being adult content .
' More letters '
He told BBC News that the law firm had a range of clients that it was representing , including German content firm DigiProtect .
The company is based in Frankfurt and brands its business with the motto " turn piracy into profit " .
It has represented a range of rights holders in the past including the German techno band Scooter .
It tracks down alleged pirates by logging the individual Internet Protocol , or IP , address of internet users logged on to file - sharing networks .
It then applies to the High Court to force broadband companies to release the physical contact details of customers matched to those addresses .
ACS : Law is currently under investigation by the Solicitors Regulation Authority .
Mr Crossley said that the law firm planned to send " lots more letters " this year although conceded that none of the current 10,000 actions had gone to trial .
One had been pursued as a civil case and others were pending , he said .
" It has been said that we have no intention of going to court but we have no fear of it , " he said .
Some are already in the process of going to court , he told BBC News , although the majority of the accused settle out of court .
Mr Bath is not convinced .
" These cases have been pending for a long time .
I suspect that if they went to court it would be very difficult to proof beyond doubt that a particular individual was responsible for downloading the illegal content , " he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
“ Surfing the internet can expose a ' dark side ' of the soul , with online addicts more likely to be depressed , ” the Daily Mail reported .
It said that research has found that the worst affected were depressed and addicted “ possibly because they are substituting the net for normal social activities ” .
This study questioned 1,319 users of social networking sites on their internet use and their depressive symptoms .
Although it found an association between the two , this does not prove causation .
It ’s possible that a person uses the internet more because they are depressed , not the other way around .
Other limitations include the fact that only 18 people were ‘ addicted ’ , and the questionnaires assessing their depressive symptoms are not a diagnosis of depression on their own .
A link between depression and internet addiction is not out of the question .
There are established links between depression and other addictive behaviours , such as gambling and alcoholism .
However , the suggestion of a causal relationship will need further research , as will the implication that social isolation caused by internet addiction might contribute .
Where did the story come from ?
The research was carried out by Catriona Morrison and Helen Gore from the Institute of Psychological Science , at the University of Leeds .
No sources of funding are reported .
The study was published in the peer - reviewed medical journal , Psychopathology .
In general , the news stories represented this study fairly but the strong link reported by several papers is not supported by this single study alone .
What kind of research was this ?
This cross-sectional study explored the possibility that internet addiction , like other addictions , may be linked to depression .
Internet addiction is defined in this study as “ an individual ’s inability to control their internet use , which in turn leads to feelings of distress and functional impairment of daily activities ” .
A cross-sectional study such as this can only find associations between variables .
It can not prove causation .
It is possible that a person will use the internet more often because they have become depressed and withdrawn , not the other way round .
A cross-sectional study , provided it is of adequate size , could indicate the prevalence of both depression and internet addiction in the community .
However , it would need to examine a representative sample of the population and to have used accurate methods for diagnosing both conditions .
What did the research involve ?
For this study , 1,319 people were recruited through advertisements placed on social networking sites .
The average age of participants was 21 years ( range 16 to 51 ) and 63 % were female .
Participants were all users of social networking sites and completed three online questionnaires .
They were :
Young ’s Internet Addiction Test , which asks 20 questions to measure a person ’s internet use and scores them on a 100 - point scale as mildly , moderately or severely addicted .
The Internet Function Questionnaire , which assesses the nature of their internet use ( eg shopping sites , chat , email , research , etc ) and the time spent on each .
Beck Depression Inventory ( BDI ) , which is a well - established self - assessment tool for depression .
The authors then looked at relationships between the internet dependence , types of use and depression .
These are all validated questionnaires .
However , as they were all self - completed there is likely to be a degree of inaccuracy introduced .
The researchers were also not able to examine the wider personal , social , professional and health circumstances of participants , which are likely to be the main influence on mental health .
In any case , a single questionnaire assessment cannot be taken as a definite diagnosis of addiction or depression .
What were the basic results ?
There was a close correlation between addictive tendencies and depression across the sample , with the higher the depression score , the higher the addiction score .
Men showed more addictive tendencies than women , and younger people more than older people .
Of the total sample , 18 or 1.2 % were considered to have internet addiction .
Compared to age - and sex - matched addicted people , the non-addicted group were firmly in the non-depressed symptom range , while those addicted were in the moderate - to - severely depressed range .
There was also a difference in type of internet use , with the addicted group looking at more sexually gratifying websites , gaming websites and online community / chat websites than the non-addicted group .
How did the researchers interpret the results ?
The authors conclude that the concept of internet addiction “ is emerging as a construct that must be taken seriously ” and “ those who regard themselves as dependent on the internet report high levels of depressive symptoms ” .
The authors say that further work is needed on assessing this relationship .
Conclusion
The study has several limitations and cannot prove that using the internet can lead to depression as reported in several newspapers :
Cross-sectional studies can only investigate associations between variables because they cannot establish the temporal relationship between them , ie which happened first .
It is possible that people use the internet more often because they are already depressed and withdrawn , not the other way round .
The sample was not representative of UK internet users in general .
Recruitment took place through social - networking sites , which older people tend not to use , and therefore has sampled a predominantly younger population with an average age of 21 .
Although the study used validated questionnaires to examine the outcomes of interest , all were self - completed so there may be some unavoidable inaccuracy .
Also , a single questionnaire assessment cannot be taken as a definite diagnosis of either addiction or depression .
The study has not been able to examine the wider personal , social , professional and health circumstances of the participants , and it is these factors that are likely to be the main influence on an individual ’s mental health .
Only 18 people were considered to have internet addiction , so examining associations between other factors in this small number of people is likely to involve some inaccuracy .
An association between depression and internet addiction is not out of the question .
There are well - established links between depression and other addictive behaviours , such as gambling , drug addiction and alcoholism .
However , the suggestion of a causal relationship will need further research , as will the implication that social isolation caused by internet addiction might contribute .
Analysis by Bazian
Edited by NHS Website
As you read this , the odds are someone will take their own life : probably a male , more than likely to be aged in his 20s .
By nightfall , more people will commit suicide than are killed on our roads , and by year 's end , statistics will be drawn up putting the official number of deaths by suicide somewhere approaching 2,000 .
But no - one really knows how high the figure is because shame , insurance and non-reporting of deaths hides the real number of those who end their lives prematurely , by their own hand .
And that 's the crux of the conversation raised by the new Australian of the Year and University of Melbourne 's Professor of Youth Mental Health Patrick McGorry when he called for a softening of the media guidelines for reporting suicide .
Largely , the media does not report suicide in any depth , and sometimes not at all .
Guidelines steer journalists away from reporting individual cases , or the methods used in a death , or where it was located .
Any reporting of suicide also includes telephone numbers where those reading can seek help .
The consequence of this under - reporting is often you will hear " an incident ' ' has caused a delay in your trains , or the closure of the bridge .
That 's it .
And unless a suicide or an attempted has extenuating circumstances - for example , involving a celebrity , or multiple attempts at one school - it is not likely to be reported at all .
The flip side of that , according to some , is that a shocking problem killing our children in droves is being swept under the carpet and not being addressed in conversations with our teenagers over dinner , or indeed in research dollars invested in it .
That 's a valid point , when you consider the public debate about slowing the number of deaths on our roads - which is less annually than those lives lost from suicide - or the dollars thrown at breast cancer research , for example .
At the centre of the debate about how publicly suicide should be discussed and reported is whether or not increased reporting will lead to increased deaths , or copycat suicides .
Certainly , experts believe there is a real risk that coverage of individual cases might prompt others to consider that option and they point to research showing links between reporting suicide and copycat behaviour .
But like most things in life , there are big shades of grey too , with others arguing that unless we bring the topic out from the shadows , the shame attached to it will mean more youngsters will be caught up in its net .
Just take these four responses , all speaking from a position where they have thought deeply about how greater public discourse might influence the number of suicide deaths each year .
Jenny 's father took his own life a few years ago and her family still struggles to talk about how he died .
There 's shame in it and guilt , that no - one picked up the warning signs .
She says her family says he 's dead and the way he killed himself , is now really irrelevant .
But she thinks differently .
If only , she says constantly .
If only she knew he was suffering depression , if only it was a topic that you could talk openly about , if only he had talked about it someone might have encouraged him to seek help .
If only .
If only .
If only .
Her dad might still be alive .
Peter is an ex-train driver and hates to hear the suicide of a person referred to an " incident ' ' on radio broadcasts .
It 's not an incident , he says , and that fails to acknowledge the heartbreak , the grief , and the struggle that train drivers have to face when someone ends their life in front of them .
Perhaps , he says , although he does n't have statistics , it would save the lives of some train drivers who find they can't face life after what they see and the community ignores .
Karen is a mental health expert and she says there 's not a piece of evidence showing more discussion will lead to " positive outcomes ' ' .
" To make it newsworthy , and I understand this , the media have to focus on the emotional stuff , '' she says , and that 's the danger to those reading it , who might be vulnerable .
Tom is a male counsellor , who agrees with Karen on the evidence but points to the paucity of Australian research around the whole issue of suicide .
He says the jury is still out and widespread and sensible public debate might open avenues of communication , particularly in rural areas , and lead to someone seeking help .
Four people , all with an interest in the issue , and four different viewpoints .
Professor McGorry , who raised the issue of suicide reporting , was simply starting that conversation .
We tiptoe around the issue but still hundreds and hundreds of young people will lose their lives in Australia this year .
Can that be called a success ?
The risks are real and high , but we should pull back the curtain and have a serious public discussion - involving governments , academics , educators , media professionals and the families of those at the centre of it - about whether the guidelines enveloping reporting are too conservative .
To not have that conversation is an indictment on all of us .
All names have been changed to protect confidentiality or at their request .
If you are depressed or needing help you can call Lifeline on 13 11 14 .
Madonna presents Mornings each weekday on 612 ABC Brisbane
Home
Trial Lawyers Serving Boston and Salem
Providing BBO and Legal Malpractice Services in Massachusetts
The law firm of Carmen A. Frattaroli is firmly committed to protecting the interests of our clients , as well as the values and ideals of the legal profession .
Whether by trial or settlement , we pride ourselves in our highly professional and honest reputation .
This reputation allows us to achieve favorable outcomes for many clients in a cost - effective , timely manner .
With over 40 years of experience , our Boston trial attorneys represent clients whose legal needs are diverse and varied .
Our clients include many attorneys , business professionals and individuals who have suffered serious injuries due to the actions of others .
We offer high - quality legal representation and professional , friendly service to every client who chooses to retain our services .
Recognized for Effectiveness
Carmen A. Frattaroli , is frequently sought out by other lawyers to represent them in ethical violations ( BBO ) complaints and hearings as well as civil litigation .
Our firm is known for our emphasis on BBO / ethical representation and for our ability to represent lawyers who are accused of violating ethical obligations .
Contact a Salem Legal Malpractice Attorney
We have also proven to be successful at handling issues ranging from insurance disputes to real estate disputes to contract litigation .
No matter the legal issue , the client is always our priority .
That is why we provide prompt , courteous service to every client .
We remain available and responsive to individuals and businesses who entrust serious legal concerns to our law offices .
To find out more about our services and how we may be able to help you accomplish your legal goals , please call 978-740-9501 .
You can also contact our Salem law firm online .
Attorney Frattaroli takes the time to personally evaluate all legitimate potential cases .
We represent clients in the Greater Boston area and Essex , Middlesex , Norfolk , and Suffolk counties .
For BBO matters and ethical issues , we are available to represent attorneys throughout the Commonwealth of Massachusetts .
Commitment and Service
We are committed to providing excellent service to all of Carmen A. Frattaroli 's clients .
We pledge to protect our clients ' interests and the integrity that is inherent in the highest ethical standards of the legal profession , as we aggressively confront insurers who have declined to pay money due to policyholders .
There are three ways to tether your Android handset and get sweet internet love even where there ’s no Wi-Fi in sight : the risky - but - free method that requires serious technical skills , the still - geeky - but - not - as - bad free route , and the $ 30 easy way .
Let ’s take a look at the pros and cons of each .
Method 1 : Tether Android with Apps that Need Root ( Free , heavy configuration )
The Android Wi-Fi Tether application turns your phone into a Wi -Fi hotspot–essentially a MiFi–in one tap .
The catch ?
You have to gain root access to your phone , a multi-step process that uses an unofficial Android add - on which can brick your phone if applied incorrectly .
Rooting Android is doable for geeks and hackers with experience soft - modding hardware , but it ’s not something most users could ( or should ! ) do .
If you ’re up for getting root access in Android , the Android and Me blog runs down how to do it .
It ’s a multi-step process that involves unlocking your phone ’s bootloader , flashing a recovery image , and flashing an add - on to the default Nexus One firmware .
Not for the faint of heart , but definitely doable if you ’ve ever upgraded your router ’s firmware or hacked your Xbox .
Here ’s a video of the process from Android and Me :
The pros of this method : it ’s free and it makes your phone act as a Wi -Fi hotspot that any computer can connect to without extra software or messing with your computer ’s settings .
The cons : you can seriously screw up your phone if something goes wrong , and you may be sacrificing over - the - air automatic Android updates in the future .
( If OTA updates cease , you can always flash your recovery image–but this just means your rooted phone requires maintenance a non-rooted phone does not . )
Update : Kevin tells me that USB tethering is available by default in the latest CyanogenMOD ROM , no extra apps required .
Method 2 : Tether Android with Proxoid ( Free , no root required , some configuration )
If you do n’t want to gain root but know enough to get around the command line and use proxy servers , the Proxoid Android app can tether your phone for free .
Proxoid turns your Android device into a proxy server that your computer uses to make internet requests .
Proxoid is free in the Android market , but to get it working you have to install the Android SDK or device drivers onto your computer , tweak some of the settings , and then configure your browser to use a proxy server whenever you want to tether .
Here are the installation instructions .
To connect to the internet via Proxoid , on the phone you check a box to start the proxy server .
On your Mac you enter a command in the Terminal and on Windows you run a batch file to start the tunnel , then you set your web browser to use that proxy .
The pros of this method are that it ’s free and you do n’t need to gain root , so it ’s less risky .
The cons are that you ’ve got to install the Android SDK ( something really only developers should have to do ) , and set your browser to use the proxy server each time you want to tether .
Note : Proxoid is the only method I have n’t tested myself on the Nexus One .
Proxoid ’s documentation is a bit rough –the Mac installation instructions are second - hand , as the author does n’t own a Mac–and there is n’t a Nexus One- specific listing .
Let me know if you ’re successfully using Proxoid on your N1 and what OS you ’re using .
Method 3 : Tether Android with PdaNet ( $ 30 , no root required , minimal configuration )
Finally , the PdaNet Android application lets you tether Android using an app on the phone plus simple software you install on your computer .
PdaNet costs $ 30 if you want to access https ports ( which the free version blocks ) .
To connect to the internet via the phone , you tap a button to start PdaNet on the phone , and click “ Connect ” in the PdaNet software on your computer .
The pros of PdaNet are that it ’s risk - free , easy to use , and requires minimal setup .
( You do have to enable USB debugging on your phone , which is the geekiest step it involves , but that ’s just a checkbox in your phone ’s settings . )
The cons of PdaNet is that it requires the PdaNet software on your computer and that it costs $ 30 .
What I ’m Doing
Either I ’m getting old or Jarvis is getting to me , because right now I ’m with Chris : rooting Android is n’t a process I want to go through again or have to maintain .
In that spirit of laziness , I also do n’t want to have to mess with proxy servers or the command line when I tether ; I want to click “ Connect ” and get online .
So , I went with PdaNet , which was the simplest but not free option of the bunch .
How are you tethering your Android device ?
YouTube have announced a beta of HTML5 support .
These are broadcasting videos in H.264 format for browsers that understand HTML5 's < video > tag .
The choice of H.264 is perhaps unsurprising , since that 's what Apple 's iPhone supports natively ( and indeed , is how the YouTube mobile application is rendered ) .
This means that other browsers that do n't support H.264 wo n't be able to render content .
The initial supported list includes Safari 4+ , Google Chrome and the Chrome Frame plugin for Internet Explorer .
Although FireFox 3.6 was released today with HTML5 support , it only supports the open - source OGG video format .
The HTML5 specification ( which grew out of the WhatWG ) includes a native tag for < video > and < audio > amongst other enhancements .
However , there were disagreements about which codec to support for video rendering .
( Codecs are programs that can decode a stream of binary data into a sequence of video frames . )
At issue were questions of efficiency ( which produces a smaller download , but also which is computationally easier to decode ) and patents which protect those algorithms .
The choices lie between the patent - covered MPEG standard H.264 , widely implemented in hardware and on mobile devices ( such as the iPhone ) , and the open - source and probably unpatented Ogg format .
Large companies ( with the ability to execute licensing deals ) such as Google and Apple are behind the H.264 format ( having already licensed it for other uses ) , whereas open - source companies such as Firefox and Opera are backing the open - source Ogg format .
At one point , the WHATWG tried to standardise on a single video format , leading to a lengthy debate .
In the end , in an effort to ensure that the WHATWG ( now HTML5 ) group did not stagnate , Ian Hickson posted a compromise position of not demanding a single format .
From the explanatory mail :
After an inordinate amount of discussions , both in public and privately , on the situation regarding codecs for < video > and < audio > in HTML5 , I have reluctantly come to the conclusion that there is no suitable codec that all vendors are willing to implement and ship .
The current [ June 2009 ] situation is as follows : Apple refuses to implement Ogg Theora in Quicktime by default ( as used by Safari ) , citing lack of hardware support and an uncertain patent landscape .
Google has implemented H.264 and Ogg Theora in Chrome , but cannot provide the H.264 codec license to third - party distributors of Chromium , and have indicated a belief that Ogg Theora 's quality - per - bit is not yet suitable for the volume handled by YouTube .
Opera refuses to implement H.264 , citing the obscene cost of the relevant patent licenses .
Mozilla refuses to implement H.264 , as they would not be able to obtain a license that covers their downstream distributors .
ArsTechnica explored the issues in depth and the situation has not changed since .
However , the HTML5 adoption of YouTube might be a popular swing in the balance .
Maternity wards have long forbidden women in labor to eat or drink .
Even when labor goes on and on , the bill of fare is usually limited to ice chips .
Now a systematic review of existing studies has found no evidence that the restrictions have any benefit for most healthy women and their babies .
The prohibitions are meant to reduce the risk of Mendelson ’s syndrome ( named for Dr. Curtis L. Mendelson , the New York obstetrician who first described it in the 1940s ) , which can occur if the contents of the stomach are drawn into the lungs while the patient is under general anesthesia .
While rare , the syndrome can be fatal .
But nowadays the use of general anesthesia during labor and delivery is also rare .
Caesarean sections are generally done using regional anesthesia .
Valencia Gallery
Fernando Alonso was quickest on the third and final day of testing at Valencia 's Circuit Ricardo Tormo .
His lap of 1:11.470 was also the fastest by any driver over the three days .
His Ferrari team - mate Felipe Massa had been quickest overall with a 1:11.722 on Tuesday .
All seven teams have changed their driver line - ups from Tuesday to Wednesday .
Four drivers were in their new car for the first time : Alonso in the Ferrari F10 ; Jenson Button in the McLaren MP4 - 25 ; Vitaly Petrov in the Renault R30 ; and Jaime Alguersuari in the Toro Rosso STR5 .
Nico Hulkenberg had a brief run in the Williams FW32 in England , but this was his first proper test of the new car .
Pedro de la Rosa was back in the Sauber C29 , and Michael Schumacher did almost a full day of running in the Mercedes MGP W01 .
De la Rosa brought out the only red flag of the day just 25 minutes into the session .
He stopped out on the track after bumping wheels with Hulkenberg .
The latter made it back to the pits .
De la Rosa ended up second quickest of the day with a 1:12.094 .
The Sauber looked impressively quick in Valencia .
Technical director Willy Rampf and his design team have created a good car , but observers in the pit lane keeping track of estimated fuel loads believed that the car was running with 20 kilos less fuel than the others .
The teams were generally running about 80 kilos of fuel , half a tank , which gave them data of the average set - up needed for the car that will start the race with 160 kilos of fuel and end it with an empty tank .
Sauber , however , was apparently running with 60 kilos , which was the average weight teams tested with last year , so that the engineers could make some direct comparisons between its 2009 and 2010 cars .
Schumacher ended up third with a time of 1:12.438 which beat the best lap of 1:12.899 team - mate Nico Rosberg set Tuesday .
" You should be careful not to read too much into the lap times , especially not into those of me and Nico , " Schumacher said .
" We only have started working with the car , and Nico struggled with his seating position .
So from me , a much more sound comparison is not between Nico and myself , but between Ferrari and Mercedes .
Ferrari was showing constant and quick laps .
We managed to have a certain consistency as well , we are within our plan .
It is no secret that Ferrari is one of the teams you have to beat if you want to win grand prix this year . "
Although a hydraulic leak on the car ended Schumacher 's test early , he was pleased with his performance after three years out of the cockpit .
" I feel fine and I think the lap times reflected that , " he said .
" Yes , it could have been possible that I got a feeling of self doubt , but the good feeling with the car and my pace never let that happen . "
This was the first ever F1 test for Alguersuari , who ended up fourth quickest with a lap of 1:12.576 .
He made his debut in last year 's Hungarian Grand Prix , but with the various testing restrictions he never got a chance to drive the car outside of a race weekend .
" It should be good for everyone to have more testing , " he said .
" Not just young drivers , but to improve the teams and to improve the cars .
Maybe there is an economic limitation , but I guess if we could deal with it , it would be good for everyone . "
Vitaly Petrov enjoyed his first active day as a Renault driver but could only record the sixth best time © Sutton Images Enlarge
Button was fifth with a time of 1:12.951 .
He spent a long time in the garage after doing three installation laps in the morning .
There was nothing wrong with the car , a team spokesperson told ESPNF1 .
The crew was merely changing his seating position and ticking off a long check - list after Jenson 's first laps ever in a McLaren .
McLaren did an aeropaint test on Lewis Hamilton 's car on Tuesday .
The procedure , which the team has used previously , involves heavily spraying a specially formulated green paint on a particular part of the car ( in this case the left front wing ) and then immediately sending the driver out for one quick lap .
The paint is spread backwards over the car by the rush of air , and thus the engineers can see exactly what influence certain parts have on the air flow , and exactly where that air then streams over the rest of the car .
Petrov was sixth after turning a 1:13.097 in the Renault , but the car will be considerably updated for the next test .
" We will furiously add new bits to it as the season approaches because our team like every other team in the pit lane is going to be developing at a very fast rate , " said Renault 's technical director James Allison .
" These rules , while this is the second season with them , everybody I am certain is still finding improvement at a rate that far outstrips the historical average that we have been used to over the last five or six years .
The job list is very daunting to be ready for the first race .
We have to build a lot of pieces and we have to get through a lot of work on the car just to make sure that it will get to the end of the race . "
Hulkenberg was seventh with a time of 1:13.669 .
The team concentrated on half race runs , and he did 126 laps .
Williams ' technical director Sam Michael is relieved that none of the other teams have come out with anything radically new on their cars so far .
" There are little bits and pieces and differences on the cars , " he said , " but there is nothing that I look at think ' Oh God , we did n't think of that . ' "
For the third consecutive day the teams enjoyed a sunny day and a dry track .
Testing resumes at Spain 's Jerez circuit on February 10 .
Times at close of testing at 5 pm CET
Reddi ? Sat. GO !
Dedicated to the launching of a satellite by our community
Skip to content
Author and Alzheimer 's sufferer Sir Terry Pratchett gives the 34th Dimbleby Lecture , on how modern society needs to redefine how it deals with death .
One of the world 's most popular authors gives the 34th Richard Dimbleby Lecture from the Royal College of Physicians in London .
Sir Terry Pratchett announced in 2007 that he had been diagnosed with a rare form of early - onset Alzheimer 's disease .
In his keynote lecture , Shaking Hands with Death , he explores how modern society , confronted with an increasingly older population , many of whom will suffer from incurable illnesses , needs to redefine how it deals with death .
The acclaimed creator of the bestselling Discworld series , he is the first novelist to give the Richard Dimbleby Lecture .
His books have sold more than 65 million copies and have been translated into 37 languages .
GOP GOVERNORS LOVE / HATE THE STIMULUS , TOO ….
Congressional Republicans ’ cash - and - trash strategy — trashing the economic stimulus , while embracing stimulus cash at the same time — has become an interesting spectacle .
But as Christina Bellantoni reminds us , the GOP ’s hypocrisy extends to governors , too .
Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell offered effusive praise for $ 24 million in federal funds that allowed him to establish an office of Health Information Technology and to fund a program helping Virginia doctors transition to electronic medical records .
Just one problem — he thinks the government should n’t have spent that money to begin with .
Yes , the new Virginia governor spent much of 2009 insisting that the stimulus investments were a wasteful idea , which would n’t help the economy .
As of yesterday , McDonnell thinks at least $ 24 million of those investments are a great idea that will help the economy .
Of course , McDonnell is n’t alone .
Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty ( R ) , who ’s relentlessly attacked the stimulus as part of his presidential campaign , has described recovery efforts as “ wasted ” and “ misdirected . ”
As of this week , however , the governor released his plan to fill the shortfall in his state budget , and would n’t you know it , “ nearly one - third of the governor ’s budget fix would rely on $ 387 million in federal stimulus money . ”
Neither is quite as shameless as Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal ( R ) — who ’s a Hypocrisy Hall of Famer — but the list of Republican governors who love and hate the stimulus at the same time is certainly getting longer .
At face value , the Republican response may seem reasonable enough .
The money has already been allocated , and is going to be spent , they say .
It only makes sense , then , to help their constituents as much as possible .
But this misses the point .
To hear GOP officials tell it , government spending is n’t just inherently wrong , it ’s inherently useless .
Investing tax dollars can’t create jobs , ca n’t generate growth , and ca n’t be relied on to improve economic conditions .
By asking for stimulus money , accepting stimulus money , and occasionally even handing out stimulus money , these same GOP officials are conceding that their argument is wrong .
And frankly , we knew they were wrong anyway .
The recovery effort created jobs , generated growth , and rescued the economy from a depression .
Seeing Republicans scramble to secure funds for their states and districts only makes clearer what ’s been obvious to economists for months .
The decent thing to do would be for Republicans to simply apologize for getting us into this mess , acknowledge how wrong they were to oppose President Obama ’s effective solution , and then thank Democrats for rescuing the economy .
I ’m sure the White House would be gracious in response .
Köln Behörden wollten Innenstadt evakuieren lassen
Gab es in Köln noch mehr Pfusch am Bau ?
Knapp ein Jahr nach dem Einsturz des Stadtarchivs haben die Behörden zeitweise die Evakuierung von Teilen der Innenstadt erwogen .
Nach SPIEGEL - Informationen soll beim Bau mehrerer U - Bahn - Haltestellen geschlampt worden sein .
Shaun
Tait believes he has made the right decision to abandon first - class cricket and focus on the shorter formats after delivering the fastest ball ever recorded in Australia on Friday night .
Tait 's third delivery in Australia 's Twenty20 win over Pakistan hit 160.7 kph , a speed that has only been bettered by Shoaib Akhtar and Brett Lee since measurements became common .
Tait had clocked 160 kph before but this was his quickest ball and he maintained a consistent pace - he did n't drop below 150 kph in his opening two - over spell .
The record on Australian soil was a fullish ball that Imran Farhat missed , and Tait expended such energy that he stumbled and nearly fell over in his follow - through .
He picked up Farhat with a 152 kph ball that was edged to slip and for the rest of his overs hovered in the low to mid 150s .
He said he would love to break Akthar 's mark of 161.3 kph , set during the 2003 World Cup in South Africa , but Tait believes the effort required means that his speed peak can only last for a couple of balls per match .
" It 's not something that I think about all the time but there 's only certain moments when you 're bowling , maybe even in your career , when you 've probably got a chance to do it , " Tait said after the win .
" Today it was my third ball and I had a crack the next ball after that just to have a go and I think after that it 's hard to get back up to that pace .
" I think when everything 's feeling really good and your timing is right , I think you 've only got two deliveries in a game to try and break a record like that .
It 's a pretty hard task .
That 's an amazing record .
But anyway , I 'll see how I go , keep pushing .
Shoaib bowled whatever he bowled and that 's amazing .
I almost killed myself out there tonight . "
Most importantly , Tait 's pace did n't bring with it an erratic line .
He was accurate , hard to get away and was named Man of the Match for his 3 for 13 from four overs .
At his best , Tait can be one of the most dangerous Twenty20 bowlers in the world and he could be a valuable weapon for Australia at the ICC World Twenty20 in the West Indies in May .
Tait has had his problems over the years , including a series of injuries and a self - inflicted break from the game due to physical and mental exhaustion in 2008 .
But by giving away four - day cricket - he has n't played a first - class match since December 2008 - and playing only Twenty20 and 50 - overs games , he has allowed his body to deliver super - fast balls in short , sharp spells of severe impact .
" I think it 's freshness , to be honest , " Tait said .
" Looking back on it now , the decision that I 've made at this stage to play the shorter form of the game has been a pretty solid one .
I 've been fresh for the majority of the games this season , apart from a couple maybe .
I 'm really enjoying the shorter form , the Twenty20s . "
If Tait does head to the World Twenty20 , he could form a fearsome and very fast attack along with Dirk Nannes , who hovered in the low 150s on Friday , and the proven danger - man Mitchell Johnson .
Until then , Australia will hope for four more Twenty20 assaults from Tait to warm - up for the global tournament .
Ingenious , eco-friendly concepts are all around us , there 's no denying that .
This one caught our eye because it 's pretty innovative , seemingly well thought out , and good looking to boot .
The Turbine Light concept ( which is going to be a part of the upcoming Greener Gadgets conference in New York City at the end of this month ) harnesses the power of the wind from cars rushing past to light up the ever - darkening roadways .
The turbines use the wind collected to generate energy for the lighting , and while the concept lacks a lot of firm details so far , but we 're sure to find out more about it soon -- we 'll be sure to check them out at the conference on February 25th .
Hit the source link to see more concepts , along with other people and companies who will be there .
In the wake of the terrorism attempt Friday on a Northwest Airlines flight , federal officials on Saturday imposed new restrictions on travelers that could lengthen lines at airports and limit the ability of international passengers to move about an airplane .
The government was vague about the steps it was taking , saying that it wanted the security experience to be “ unpredictable ” and that passengers would not find the same measures at every airport  a prospect that may upset airlines and travelers alike .
But several airlines released detailed information about the restrictions , saying that passengers on international flights coming to the United States will apparently have to remain in their seats for the last hour of a flight without any personal items on their laps .
It was not clear how often the rule would affect domestic flights .
Overseas passengers will be restricted to only one carry - on item , and domestic passengers will probably face longer security lines .
That was already the case in some airports Saturday , in the United States and overseas .
As a starting point for today ’s post , the Office of Research Integrity ( U.S. Department of Health and Human Services ) , like Penn State , has a two - stage inquiry - investigation procedure and states :
In general , absent full admissions , inquiries should not be used to make findings on whether research misconduct in fact occurred .
This seems at odds with what the Penn State Inquiry Committee has done or is perceived to have done .
Today I ’ll try to examine the difference between an “ inquiry ” and an “ investigation ” in academic misconduct cases and see what the Mann Inquiry Committee did or thinks that it did .
Penn State Policy RA -10
Penn State policy RA - 10 refers to both “ inquiry ” and “ investigation ” stages – a structure consistent with the other U.S. federal academic misconduct procedures .
The distinction between the two stages is spelled out in much more detail by the Office of Research Integrity , but it ’s clear that Penn State RA - 10 had adopted the same two - stage structure as described in more detail elsewhere .
RA -10 section 4 describes the obligations of the inquiry committee if it decides “ an investigation was not warranted ” – it is obliged to provide a record containing “ documentation in sufficient detail to permit a later assessment , if necessary , of the reasons for determining that an investigation was not warranted ” , which is to be retained for up to three years and made available upon request to any involved Federal agency .
RA - 10 section 5 describes the procedures if the inquiry determines that the allegations “ warrant further investigation ” , i.e. the formation of an investigation committee which is obliged to investigate the matter .
ORI Description of the Two - Stage Procedure
ORI here provides far more detailed definition of the two - stage procedure .
They state :
The existing final rule defines a two - stage process that takes place when an institution receives allegations of research misconduct :
(1) An inquiry , or preliminary fact - finding , to determine if the allegation involves PHS supported research and has sufficient substance to warrant an investigation ; and
( 2 ) an investigation , which is a thorough review and analysis of all relevant facts to reach a conclusion as to whether research misconduct has occurred , who was responsible , and how serious any misconduct was .
They continue :
Institutions treat the inquiry phase in a widely varying manner , and the distinction between an inquiry and an investigation has caused much confusion .
Some inquiries conducted by institutions are largely indistinguishable from investigations .
As the OSTP policy adopts a two - stage process , we have retained the current two - stage process but propose to sharpen the distinction between inquiries and investigations by clarifying that the inquiry is only an initial review of the allegations to see if they warrant an investigation .
An “ inquiry ” ( Sec. 93.213 ) is defined as follows :
Inquiry means preliminary information - gathering and preliminary fact - finding to determine whether an allegation or apparent instance of research misconduct has substance and if an investigation is warranted .
While an investigation ( Sec. 93.216 ) is :
Investigation means the formal development of a factual record and the examination of that record leading to a decision not to make a finding of research misconduct or to a recommendation for a finding of research misconduct or other appropriate remedies , including
administrative actions .
Sec. 93.307 ( a ) sets out criteria warranting an inquiry if the allegation :
(1) Falls within the definition of research misconduct under this part ;
(2) Involves PHS supported research ; and
(3) Is sufficiently credible and specific so that potential evidence of research misconduct may be identified .
Section 93.307 ( c-d ) describes the purpose of an inquiry as the determination of whether to conduct an investigation :
( c) Purpose of an Inquiry .
The purpose of an inquiry is to conduct an initial review of the evidence to determine whether to conduct an investigation .
Therefore , an inquiry does not require a full review of all the evidence related to the allegation .
( d) Criteria warranting an investigation .
An inquiry ’s purpose is to decide if an allegation warrants an investigation .
An investigation is warranted if there is –
(1) A reasonable basis for concluding that the allegation involves PHS supported research and falls within the PHS definition of research misconduct ; and
(2) Preliminary information - gathering and preliminary fact - finding
from the inquiry indicates that the allegation may have substance .
Sec. 93.105 prescribes time limitations .
( I do n’t know specifics of the Penn State regime but they might be similar ) :
( a) Six - year limitation .
This part applies only to research misconduct occurring within six years of the date HHS or an institution
receives an allegation of research misconduct .
( b) Exceptions to the six - year limitation .
Paragraph ( a ) of this section does not apply in the following instances :
(1) Subsequent use exception .
The respondent continues or renews
any incident of alleged research misconduct that occurred before the six - year limitation through the citation , republication or other use for the potential benefit of the respondent of the research record that is alleged to have been fabricated , falsified , or plagiarized .
ORI has a sort of ‘ interpretation bulletin ’ ( borrowing a phrase familiar to lawyers ) on the distinction , which I ’ve reproduced in full below , as it is relevant to the present situation :
( 21 ) Inquiry Versus Investigation Stages in Research Misconduct Cases –
When examining allegations of research misconduct , institutions have an obligation to conduct an initial inquiry , and , if warranted , a thorough investigation in accordance with PHS Policies on Research Misconduct .
42 C.F.R. Part 93 .
This article discusses some procedural and substantive considerations in examining allegations of research misconduct in inquiries and investigations .
After receiving a good faith allegation of research misconduct , an institution will usually open an inquiry to gather general information and make initial findings of fact to determine whether the allegation has substance and there is sufficient evidence to warrant an investigation .
Sometimes , however , when there is sufficient evidence already at hand , for example as the result of an audit of a clinical trial , the institution may move directly to the investigation stage .
If the inquiry uncovers evidence of “ fabrication , falsification or plagiarism , ” an investigation is warranted .
Section 93.307 ( d ) .
In general , absent full admissions , inquiries should not be used to make findings on whether research misconduct in fact occurred .
On occasion , ORI receives an inquiry report in which either the committee has conducted the equivalent of an investigation and made specific findings , or which is obviously the result of a negotiated agreement .
These reports may violate the PHS regulation and cause substantial difficulties for ORI ’s oversight .
Findings made at the inquiry stage are all too frequently incomplete because the record has not been fully developed , and negotiated agreements violate the PHS regulation , if made without advance notice to ORI .
Both instances may deprive ORI of the facts necessary to determine whether there has been an adverse effect on the PHS sponsored research , and the institution may be required to reopen its case and initiate an investigation .
Instead of short circuiting the process , once an institution has determined that there is some evidence of possible misconduct , a thorough investigation should be conducted in accordance with the requirements explained in Section 93.310 .
Only after this process is complete should the investigation committee turn to an analysis of whether the charges have been proven by a preponderance of the evidence .
Even if the record is relatively complete at the inquiry stage , the PHS regulation gives respondents the opportunity to have a full investigation unless they admit misconduct and waive the investigation .
This multiple stage process has also been endorsed by the Federal Office of Science and Technology Policy which has stated that the investigation is “ the formal examination and evaluation of the relevant facts leading either to dismissal of the case or a recommendation for a finding of research misconduct or other appropriate remedies . ”
Federal Policy on Research Misconduct , 65 Fed. Reg. 76260-76263 ( December 6 , 2000 ) .
The difference in function between an “ inquiry ” and an “ investigation ” is quite clear in this exposition : the purpose of an inquiry is , in effect , to determine whether there is any credible evidence supporting the allegations and whether the allegations , if true , constitute an offence .
As I read the ORI procedure , defences and justifications are only relevant at the investigation stage and should not be entered or considered at the inquiry stage , when a full investigation has not taken place .
( This is hopelessly jumbled in the Penn State Inquiry . )
ORI has an interesting report auditing inquiry reports for compliance with ORI policies – finding that the majority wre seriously deficient in one aspect or another :
ORI conducted a content analysis of 21 inquiry reports that were not submitted to the Office of Research Integrity ( ORI ) because an investigation was not recommended and ORI had not previously requested the report .
The study addressed the following questions : ( 1 ) Were the inquiries being reported by institutions on the Annual Report subject to PHS jurisdiction ?
( 2 ) Did the institutions sufficiently document the rationale for deciding that an investigation was unwarranted ?
( 3 ) Did the conduct of the inquiries comply with the regulation ?
( 4 ) Is more technical assistance needed in the conduct of inquiries ?
This study demonstrated that more than half of the institutional inquiry reports that were not submitted to ORI were significantly deficient .
Fifty - seven percent of the reports did not contain the information required to establish PHS jurisdiction .
Thirty - three percent contained information on no more than four of the nine criteria used to determine whether an investigation was warranted and another 28 percent were marginal , covering only five criteria .
Seventy - one percent provided information on only three or fewer criteria for determining compliance with the regulation .
And finally , 57 percent of the reports did not contain the detailed information required to justify the decision that an investigation is unwarranted .
The analysis was based solely on the content of the submitted reports .
Additional information supporting the decision that an investigation was unwarranted may exist in other documents that were not submitted .
The Mann Inquiry Report is a rather odd document , when assessed against ORI procedures .
Obvious issues include ( 1 ) whether the “ synthetic ” allegations presented to the inquiry were sufficiently specific ; ( 2 ) whether an investigation committee rather than an inquiry committee should have heard Mann ’s defences to allegations 1 - 3 .
Questions concerning the inquiry committee go the other way as well .
Offhand , I can think of two extremely scoping issues that , in my opinion , should have been resolved at a scoping ( inquiry ) stage , rather than an investigation stage : ( 1 ) is there a statute of limitations on misconduct offences ?
( 2 ) is conduct at prior employment subject to Penn State jurisdiction ?
In my opinion , Mann and his lawyer should have insisted on these questions being squarely addressed by the inquiry ; they were n’t .
For example , regardless of what thinks of the “ trick ” – and I yield to no one in criticizing it – it happened 10 years ago at another university .
Is it subject to a statute of limitations along the lines of the one referred to above ?
Does the fact that it happened at another university matter ?
The handling ( or lack of handling ) of these questions by the Inquiry is totally incoherent .
For example , they produced the following remarkable pastiche in connection with the “ trick ” :
While a perception has been created in the weeks after the CRU emails were made public that Dr. Mann has engaged in the suppression or falsification of data , there is no credible evidence that he ever did so , and certainly not while at Penn State .
In fact to the contrary , in instances that have been focused upon by some as indicating falsification of data , for example in the use of a “ trick ” to manipulate the data , this is explained as a discussion among Dr. Jones and others including Dr. Mann about how best to put together a graph for a World Meteorological Organization ( WMO ) report .
They were not falsifying data ; they were trying to construct an understandable graph for those who were not experts in the field .
The so - called “ trick ” 1 was nothing more than a statistical method used to bring two or more different kinds of data sets together in a legitimate fashion by a technique that has been reviewed by a broad array of peers in the field .
In my opinion , the Inquiry Committee could have said – whatever the rights or wrong of the trick email , it ’s past the time of limitations ( IF there is an applicable statute of limitations ) .
Or they could have said that it happened at another university ( IF that ’s the regulation ) .
However , it ’s not open to them to entertain a positive defence ( the excuse that the trick is a “ good way ” of doing something ) to an alleged offence that took place ten years ago at another university and then passim use the phrase “ let alone Penn State ” in their “ decision ” .
( Needless to say , if , as the Office of Research Integrity stated , “ inquiries should not be used to make findings on whether research misconduct in fact occurred ” , then it was premature of them to purport to make a decision anyway . )
Even though they purported to deal with three allegations , Allegation 4 remains remains on the table .
But the Inquiry is silent on whether this allegation is limited to his conduct at Penn State or to his conduct within the last six years .
Do the terms of reference for the investigation committee include Mann ’s conduct since the beginning of time ?
This hardly seems fair .
Instead of trying to decide on things that were outside its terms of reference , the Mann Inquiry Committee should have provided decisions on the topics that were within its terms of reference .
The Mann Inquiry Committee has probably made about as many procedural errors as it ’s possible to make in the compass of a short report – and , as noted above , not all to Mann ’s benefit .
Given the publicity that this case has attracted and will continue to attract , you ’d have that the university would have obtained the best possible professional advice on how to handle an inquiry and investigation from the Office of Research Integrity ( or their equivalent at NSF ) .
Instead , like Gerry North , they seem to have decided to “ wing it ” – an unfortunate decision that will do nothing except prolong the melodrama .
The team from Charity Navigator , the nation 's largest independent charity evaluator and leading donor advocate , shares their thoughts on emerging nonprofit - sector issues and offers tips to better inform your intelligent giving decisions .
Return to Main Site | Find a Charity | Receive Email Updates | Support Charity Navigator
Secret Labour plan to increase immigration for social reasons dismissed public 's opposition as ' racist '
Labour ' wanted social change ' , according to the new document
Labour encouraged mass immigration even though it knew that voters opposed it , Whitehall documents confirmed yesterday .
The Government said the public disagreed with immigration because of ' racism ' and ministers were told to try to alter public attitudes .
The thinking on immigration among Labour leaders was set down in 2000 in a document prepared for the Cabinet Office and the Home Office , but the key passages were suppressed before it was published .
The paper was finally disclosed under freedom of information rules yesterday .
It showed that ministers were advised that only the ill - educated and those who had never met a migrant were opposed to immigration .
They were also told that large - scale immigration would bring increases in crime , but they concealed these concerns from the public .
Sections of the paper , which underpinned Labour policies that admitted between two and three million immigrants to Britain in less than a decade , have already been made public .
These have showed that Labour aimed to use immigration not only for economic reasons but also to change the social make - up of the country .
Fuller details released yesterday showed that Tony Blair 's ministers opened the doors to mass migration in knowledge of public opposition and with the view that those who disagreed with them were racists .
Shadow Home Secretary Chris Grayling , left , has criticised Immigration Minister Phil Woolas for not telling the truth about migration policies
Labour 's accusation that opponents of immigration are racist has been dropped over the last two years as it has become clear that former Labour voters in party heartlands have been turning to the far right British National Party .
Ministers accept there is frustration at the loss of jobs to migrants and pressure on public services .
Yesterday Shadow Home Secretary Chris Grayling said : ' The Government has simply not been telling the truth about its policies on immigration .
IMMIGRATION CONTROLS RELAX
New controls on immigration are to be relaxed to allow companies to bring in the workers they want .
Trade Minister Mervyn Davies said yesterday that Labour 's points - based system , aimed at allowing only the highest skilled workers into Britain , had had ' teething problems ' .
He promised a ' slightly differently tailored system ' for employees brought into the country by multinational companies .
The points - based system , introduced last year , was designed to ease concern over the impact of mass immigration of low - skilled and low - paid workers , particularly in traditional Labour - voting areas .
Success for the scheme is central to Labour 's pledge that the population will not be allowed to reach 70 million .
' More and more evidence is now emerging to show that they deliberately planned a big jump in immigration for their own political purposes .
' Now they are trying to rewrite history to pretend those decisions never happened .
Their conduct over all of this has been a complete disgrace . '
Sir Andrew Green of the Migrationwatch pressure group said : ' This report confirms that ministers deliberately rode roughshod over public opinion in adopting a policy of mass immigration .
' They concealed their real intentions in the hope that they would benefit from the immigrant vote without losing their working class supporters .
They are now paying the price . '
But this morning Border and Immigration Minister Phil Woolas described the accusations as a ' complete fabrication ' .
' It 's an old story .
It 's based on a report that was ten years ago that was n't accepted by ministers at the time , ' he told Radio 4 .
' For Migrationwatch , which is meant to be non-party political , to be playing this game , it 's all about the election .
This is pure smear politics .
' It 's not true that there was a deliberate policy to have mass migration policy .
Neither is it true that there was an attempt to open the doors .
' The acts of parliament throughout this period have been trying to control the global increase in migration and what the right are really worried about is that we 've now done that with the figures coming down , the new points - based system , electronic borders . '
Mr Woolas said the Conservatives could not ' stand the idea ' that Labour was on top of immigration .
David Cameron promised yesterday to limit immigration to tens of thousands a year , a level last seen in the 1990s .
WASHINGTON  President Obama on Monday issued his own blueprint for a health care overhaul , challenged Republicans to come forward with their ideas and laid the groundwork for an aggressive parliamentary maneuver to pass the legislation using only Democratic votes if this week brings no progress toward a bipartisan solution .
In laying out for the first time the details of what he wants in the legislation , Mr. Obama set in motion a new round of maneuvering intended to bring a bitterly divisive yearlong clash to a conclusion .
With the two parties scheduled to meet Thursday for a televised session on the health care overhaul , Mr. Obama appeared intent on forcing the Republicans into a choice : either put a specific alternative on the table , giving Democrats a chance to draw pointed contrasts between the parties ’ approaches , or be cast as obstructionist and not serious about addressing an issue of great concern to voters .
The initial Republican response suggested the two parties are more likely headed toward a showdown than toward a deal .
Representative John A. Boehner of Ohio , the House Republican leader , said Mr. Obama had “ crippled the credibility ” of Thursday ’s meeting by proposing “ the same massive government takeover of health care ” that Americans had already rejected .
The bill , which the White House estimates would cost $ 950 billion over a decade , aims to fulfill Mr. Obama ’s goals of expanding coverage to millions of people who are uninsured , while taking steps to control soaring health care costs .
It sticks largely to the version passed by the Senate in December , but offers some concessions to House leaders who have demanded more help for middle - class people .
Denver , Colorado ( CNN ) --
During emergency drills at Deer Creek Middle School , teacher David Benke used to tell his students that if anything ever happened , he wanted to be able to " do something about it . "
When he saw a man shooting at students as they were leaving the Littleton , Colorado , school on Tuesday , " What was going through my mind , " Benke said , " was that I promised . "
Benke tackled the gunman , who had shot and wounded two students , and with the help of another teacher and some bus drivers , was able to hold him until police arrived .
" I noticed that he was working a bolt - action rifle , " he said .
" I noticed that and realized that I had time to get him before he could chamber another round . "
Still , Benke told reporters Wednesday , " it bothers me that I was a little bit late .
It bothers me that he got the second shot off " and struck a second student .
Authorities identified the suspect as Bruco Strongeagle Eastwood , 32 .
Eastwood , who police said had been a student at the school in the 1990s , was charged with two counts of attempted first - degree murder .
He appeared in court via video link from jail Wednesday morning .
CNN affiliate KUSA reported a judge ordered him held on $ 1 million bond .
If he does post bond , the court ordered that he have no contact with anyone under 18 and said he must seek mental health treatment , KUSA reported .
It also said that if he posts bond , he cannot possess alcohol , drugs or firearms and must be monitored by GPS .
The affiliate said Eastwood 's next court appearance is March 2 .
Authorities released no information about a motive in the shooting , saying the case was still under investigation .
Deer Creek is two miles from Columbine High School , site of one of the deadliest school shootings in U.S. history , where 12 students and one teacher were killed in 1999 .
The two gunmen , both Columbine students , then turned their guns on themselves .
The students wounded Tuesday , a boy and a girl , were taken to Littleton Hospital with non-life - threatening injuries , a sheriff 's office spokeswoman said .
Principal Rob Hoover said one is doing well and the other was " progressing well " but was still hospitalized .
Both students were eighth - graders , the school district said .
KUSA reported one was Reagan Weber , who was treated and released from Littleton Adventist Hospital .
The other , Matthew Thieu , was in serious condition at Children 's Hospital .
In a written statement , his mother expressed gratitude for the outpouring of support , but asked for privacy as she focuses on his recovery .
She said her son was recovering from a fractured rib and a lung injury .
Eastwood 's father , War Eagle Eastwood , told KUSA that his son had struggled with mental illness , was behind on bills and could n't hold a job because of his " not really knowing what he 's doing half the time . "
His son , who heard voices , tried to seek help , he said , but had no money to pay for it .
Bruco Eastwood had been cooperative with investigators , said Jefferson County sheriff 's spokeswoman Jacki Kelley .
Eastwood had been living with his father for about five years , and was unemployed other than working as " kind of a ranch hand " for his father , she said .
He had been attending a community college attempting to get his GED .
The rifle used belonged to Eastwood 's father , she said .
Authorities found additional rounds around the school property .
School officials could not give many details to reporters Wednesday because of an ongoing police investigation , but Hoover said the suspect had come inside the school earlier and signed in .
" We know he did that much , but then we know he left , and that was all we knew at that point . "
Assistant Principal Becky Brown told reporters she ran outside after hearing " the pop " and saw Benke tackle the suspect .
" When I saw Dr. Benke and the look on his face , I knew that we needed to help , " she said .
While Benke and the suspect struggled on the ground , she grabbed the gun " and got it out of there , " she said .
Benke said the suspect threatened to sue him during the struggle , saying he was using excessive force .
Asked why she ran toward gunshots when others might flee , Brown grew emotional as she said , " Those kids are my kids , and it 's important , and my teachers , we 're like family . "
" You 're just doing what you can do to try and protect your kids , " Benke said .
CNN 's Andy Rose contributed to this report .
When Judge Richard Posner , the prolific conservative intellectual , released his book A Failure of Capitalism : The Crisis of '08 and the Descent Into Depression last year , you might have thought the final verdict was in : Capitalism caused the economic downturn and high unemployment .
That this verdict was pronounced by someone like Posner , who is associated with the University of Chicago and the free - market law and economics movement , gave moral support to all the politicians who were intent on exploiting the recession ( as they exploit all crises ) to increase government control of the economy .
But what exactly is this " capitalism " that is blamed ?
The word " capitalism " is used in two contradictory ways .
Sometimes it 's used to mean the free market , or laissez faire .
Other times it 's used to mean today 's government - guided economy .
Logically , " capitalism " can't be both things .
Either markets are free or government controls them .
We can't have it both ways .
The truth is that we do n't have a free market — government regulation and management are pervasive — so it 's misleading to say that " capitalism " caused today 's problems .
The free market is innocent .
But it 's fair to say that crony capitalism created the economic mess .
Crony capitalism , by the way , will be the subject of my TV show this week on the Fox Business Network ( Thursday at 8 p.m. Eastern ; Friday at 10 ) .
What is crony capitalism ?
It 's the economic system in which the marketplace is substantially shaped by a cozy relationship among government , big business , and big labor .
Under crony capitalism , government bestows a variety of privileges that are simply unattainable in the free market , including import restrictions , bailouts , subsidies , and loan guarantees .
Crony capitalism is as old as the republic itself .
Congress ' first act in 1789 — on July 4 , no less ! — was a tariff on foreign goods to protect influential domestic business interests .
We do n't have to look far to see how crony - dominated American capitalism is today .
The politically connected tire and steel industries get government relief from a " surge " of imports from China .
( Who cares if American consumers want to pay less for Chinese steel and tires ? )
Crony capitalism , better know as government bailouts , saved General Motors and Chrysler from extinction , with Barack Obama cronies the United Auto Workers getting preferential treatment over other creditors and generous stock holdings ( especially outrageous considering that the union helped bankrupt the companies in the first place with fat pensions and wasteful work rules ) .
Banks and insurance companies ( like AIG ) are bailed out because they are deemed too big to fail .
Favored farmers get crop subsidies .
If free - market capitalism is a private profit - and - loss system , crony capitalism is a private - profit and public - loss system .
Companies keep their profits when they succeed but use government to stick the taxpayer with the losses when they fail .
Nice work if you can get it .
The role that regulation plays in crony capitalism is unappreciated .
Critics of business assume that regulation is how government tames corporations .
But historically , regulation has been how one set of businesses ( usually bigger , well - connected ones ) gains advantages over others .
Timothy Carney 's book about this , The Big Ripoff : How Big Business and Big Government Steal Your Money , explains why Phillip Morris joined the " war on tobacco , " General Motors pushed for clean - air legislation , and Archer Daniels Midland likes ethanol subsidies .
As economist Bruce Yandle writes , " ( I ) ndustry support of regulation is not rare at all ; indeed , it is the norm . "
If you wonder why , ask yourself :
Which are more likely to be hampered by vigorous regulatory standards : entrenched corporations with their overstaffed legal and accounting departments or small startups trying to get off the ground ?
Regulation can kill competition — and incumbents like it that way .
When will Michael Moore figure this out ?
His last movie attacked what he calls capitalism , but his own work shows that it's not the free market that causes the ills he abhors .
Had he called the movie Crony Capitalism : A Love Story , he would have been on firmer ground .
It 's time we acknowledged the difference between the free market , which is based on freedom and competition , and crony capitalism , which is based on privilege .
Adam Smith knew the difference — and chose the free - market .
What 's taking us so long ?
John Stossel is host of Stossel on the Fox Business Network .
He 's the author of Give Me a Break and of Myth , Lies , and Downright Stupidity .
To find out more about John Stossel , visit his site at johnstossel.com .
COPYRIGHT 2010 BY JFS PRODUCTIONS , INC .
DISTRIBUTED BY CREATORS.COM
Video : Black hole simulation
A new interactive program reveals the spectacular light show you ’d see if you dared to wander close to a black hole .
It demonstrates how the extreme gravity of a black hole could appear to shred background constellations of stars , spinning them around as though in a giant black washing machine .
The program ’s creators say it could be an excellent tool to familiarise people with the weird ways that black holes warp light .
“ It ’s useful for people to play around with the parameters to study how , for instance , a black hole would distort the constellation Orion , ” says Thomas Müller of the University of Stuttgart in Germany .
A black hole forms when a massive star explodes at the end of its life , the core collapsing to a point with huge density and an enormous gravitational pull .
Even at a safe distance from the black hole , its gravity can distort the apparent positions of background stars , an effect called gravitational lensing .
Last year , scientists at the University of Colorado demonstrated a video of what you ’d see if you fell into a black hole .
Advertisement
Now Müller and Stuttgart colleague Daniel Weiskopf have gone a step further , creating a program that lets you alter various inputs to tour a black hole ’s environs .
Real data
The program incorporates the real positions of around 118,000 stars mapped by the European Space Agency ’s Hipparcos satellite .
Users can choose their distance from a black hole , then go into orbit or plunge straight in .
At the start of each tour , you see a black circle that marks the hole ’s event horizon – the boundary from which nothing , not even light , can escape .
The light of background stars distorts as it passes close to the event horizon .
This example simulation shows the view while orbiting a black hole at a radius five times larger than the event horizon .
In the background , the constellation Orion moves towards the black hole from the right , then gets shredded and spun around .
‘ Like a mirror ’
“ The constellation approaches the black hole , then you see stars like Betelgeuse – the left shoulder of Orion – appear twice , on the right and left sides of the black hole , ” Müller told New Scientist .
“ It ’s as if the black hole is like a mirror . ”
As well as accounting for gravitational lensing , the simulator shows how star colours would change near a black hole .
The intense gravity makes background stars appear redder because it saps the energy of photons passing near the event horizon ; the photons stretch to longer , redder wavelengths as they “ climb out ” of the gravitational trap .
But this effect is counteracted by your speed when you ’re falling freely towards a black hole – travelling at nearly the speed of light , stars in the black hole ’s backdrop turn bluer due to the Doppler effect .
In a simulation mimicking such unhindered freefall , the light of the entire universe appears concentrated into a bright ring once you reach the middle of the black hole .
Journal reference : American Journal of Physics ( DOI : 10.1119/1.3258282 )
From cocktails with Thom Yorke to charity jams with Taylor Swift , see who is hitting high notes or keeping it low - key , in our sightings ...
With Sunday 's 52nd Annual Grammy telecast fast approaching , the biggest stars in music are invading Los Angeles , and the Ministry has eyes everywhere .
... like indie Svengali Yorke , who made a rare public appearance Wednesday at Bardot -- and a low - maintenance appearance at that .
The Radiohead lead declined a private table and cocktail service , instead sipping a 42 Below vodka with regular clubgoers .
Across town the same evening , country princess Swift brought her charms to EIF 's Unforgettable Evening , benefiting women 's cancer research and honoring Christina Applegate .
Swift serenaded a crowd that included Tom Hanks and Rita Wilson , sipping Neuro specialty cocktails .
On Thursday , Black Eyed Peas member Will.i.am showed up at the Hollywood Palladium to celebrate a new digital documentary series called Gillette Uncut .
The series will offer inside looks at his creative process and personal life , as well at that of All American Rejects singer Tyson Ritter and others .
After the Palladium bash , Ritter headed over to the Bardot Sessions for Jason Scoppa 's weekly concert series that sees heavyweight talent doing popular covers .
Ritter sang the Talking Heads ' " Psycho Killer , " and Sum 41's Deryck Whibley busted out Tom Petty 's " American Girl . "
A very cozy Audrina Patridge and Ryan Cabrera were also spotted .
Lastly , the beloved Dave Matthews surfaced for designer John Varvatos ' pre-Grammy event at his West Hollywood boutique .
The folksy soul singer sipped Heineken and chatted up actor Greg Kinnear , as well as gorgeous couple Cindy Crawford and Rande Berger .
Who are you most excited to see on Sunday 's Grammys ?
Tell me in comments .
-- Matt Donnelly
Photos , from left : : Taylor Swift , the Black Eyed Peas ' Will.i.am and Radiohead 's Thom Yorke .
Credits , from left : Matt Sayles / Associated Press ; John M. Heller / Getty Images ; Peter Macdiarmid / Getty Images .
Get more amazing sightings from the Ministry of Gossip here .
Then award us by following on Twitter ( we 're @LATcelebs ) and becoming a fan on Facebook .
( CNN ) --
Take more trains and fewer planes .
That 's what Sarah Kendrew pledged to herself a few years ago .
An astronomer at the Netherlands ' Leiden Observatory , she travels frequently to nearby countries on business -- and prefers to not leave vapor trails in the sky when doing so .
" I 've been making a conscious effort to take trains rather than fly , " she told CNN , " for environmental reasons initially , but I 've also found them to be much more comfortable and convenient -- so it 's not really an effort anymore . "
Faced with global climate change , many around the globe -- from governments to companies to individuals -- have also warmed to train travel .
Traveling by rail is on average three to 10 times less CO2 - intensive compared to road or air transport , according to the UIC , a Paris - based international organization of the railway sector .
Among governments , China has been especially aggressive , spending heavily on its emerging high - speed nationwide rail network .
In December 2009 it launched a line between the cities of Wuhan and Guangzhou that cuts travel time from over 10 hours to within three , putting pressure on domestic airlines .
With an average speed of 350 kilometers per hour , the energy - efficient train is faster than its peers in Europe and Japan and makes the Acela " Express " service in the U.S. ( long woeful in rail ) seem more like an amusement park tram .
Meanwhile the Boston Consulting Group estimates that by 2020 passengers will be able to travel faster point - to - point by high - speed rail than by plane on nearly half of Europe 's densest air routes .
Correspondingly , impressive new train stations are sprouting up around the world .
There 's Beijing South , for instance , which evokes traditional Chinese architecture with its upwardly curved roofs .
In London 's renovated St. Pancras station -- which manages to feel Victorian yet perfectly modern -- passengers bound for Paris on Eurostar can flirt at a romantic champagne bar that 's over 90 meters long and has become a city landmark in its own right .
The firms hired to design these stations and manufacture the trains have benefited enormously from rail 's rising stock .
Take Montreal - based Bombardier , for instance .
While its aerospace division has struggled , its train subsidiary , Bombardier Transportation , has been surging .
The subsidiary promotes the green benefits of rail travel at a web site addressed , unsubtly , http://www.theclimateisrightfortrains.com/.
Judging by its revenues -- they rose $ 254 million to $ 2.5 billion for the quarter ending October 2009 -- the name is justified .
Recent contracts have included $ 383 million from Italy 's Trenitalia , $ 431 million from Germany 's BVG , and $ 4 billion from the Chinese Ministry of Railways .
In the latter deal , Bombardier ( in a joint Chinese venture ) will supply 80 trains capable of reaching 380 kilometers per hour .
Operators , too , are promoting rail 's green cred .
A television ad in Norway starts with animated flowers choking on car exhaust fumes and ends with customers riding contentedly with Norwegian State Railways .
" I live and work in Europe and I am seeing a lot more advertising of the use of trains as a green choice , " says Melanie Francis , a climate campaigner for Greenpeace International based in Amsterdam .
When she travels home to the UK , she skips planes in favor of Eurostar , an operator that 's been savvy , she adds , about promoting its green credentials .
In France , the state rail operator SNCF is running an " Eco Mobility " campaign , including solar panels that double as advertising signs .
Then there 's the more subtle marketing .
Book online with Germany 's national railway Deutsche Bahn and your itinerary will include bar graphs showing the wasted energy and emitted particles that would have resulted if you 'd taken a car or plane instead .
Cost concerns outweigh most others
But many travelers do n't much care .
In a recent survey published by Eurostar , travelers in the UK were asked to select factors that were important in choosing their holiday or short break destination .
" Cost of getting there " was selected seven times more than " Carbon footprint , " which ranked well below other factors as well , like " Going somewhere new . "
" I do sometimes fly these routes if the airfare is significantly cheaper , " admits Kendrew of her business trips around Europe .
She believes the regular prices of high - speed rail should be lower to compete more effectively with airlines .
Cost may be king , but " Carbon footprint " rose slightly in the survey from 2008 to 2009 , suggesting the concern , however small , was n't dampened by a recession .
" Green has remained a constant on the consumer agenda , " the report concluded .
" The fact that it is undiminished by the economic downturn suggests that , while they are yet to become mainstream , environmental concerns are here to stay . "
Mark Smith , who runs the rail - travel web site Seat61.com , says he gets lots of feedback from passengers citing a desire to cut their carbon footprint .
" But they almost always say this in the same breath as saying they are fed up with flying and all the airport hassle , " he adds .
" One factor seems to pull , the other pushes . "
Green tech trains
Train technology , meanwhile , is continually improving , allowing for even greater environmental benefits over time .
From 1990 to 2005 European railways cut their CO2 emissions by 21 percent in absolute terms , according to the UIC .
In May 2008 , they agreed to a target of an average sector - wide cut of 30 percent in specific emissions over the 1990 to 2020 period .
Among other improvements , modern trains weigh less , have better aerodynamics , and use regenerative systems that recover energy for power generation when braking .
More important , about 80 percent of the European rail fleet already runs on electric power , as opposed to diesel , according to the UIC .
This means they 're ready to switch to clean electricity when it becomes available on the grid , with no separate equipment required ( as opposed to cars ) .
In Sweden , it 's already happened .
SJ , the government - owned rail operator , buys only renewable electricity from hydroelectric and wind - powered sources for its trains .
" There 's a great example set by Sweden , " says Francis of Greenpeace .
" This is the future : to power the means of transport from renewable sources . "
Even in the U.S. , rail is making " progress " -- even if it 's more in attitudes than action at this point .
Steve Winkelman , director of transportation at the Center for Clean Air Policy in Washington , D.C. , says he used to get a chilly reception from government types when discussing the benefits of rail .
That 's changing , he says , thanks to a variety of factors coming together , including high fuel costs , an administration serious about high - speed rail , and of course heightened environmental concerns .
" As the planet warms , " he told CNN , " we 're starting to thaw out here . "
VIEWPOINT
Sir David King
Copenhagen 's failure to deliver a legally binding deal has created an opportunity for individuals to fill the void left by politicians , says Sir David King .
In this week 's Green Room , he explains how small - scale projects can move the world towards a low carbon future .
For two weeks , the Danish capital billed itself as " Hopenhagen "
Why did Copenhagen fail to deliver ?
At - a - glance : Copenhagen Accord Copenhagen did n't get us the legally binding global carbon emission reduction agreement we so wanted .
To many it was a disappointment , a vindication of their fears that world leaders would fail to seize the moment and rise above national self - interest to secure an historic climate treaty .
But I see it more as an opportunity for others to step in and fill the leadership void left by politicians ; a chance for businesses , local communities and individuals to drive forward the low carbon agenda despite the lack of international political consensus .
Over the past two years , the UK government has concentrated on agreeing and setting out the legislation for action ; now it must focus on practical ways in which the UK can meet its targets , which are reducing carbon emissions by a third by the year 2020 and by 80 % of 1990 levels by 2050 .
So far , ministers have largely concentrated resources on large - scale infrastructure projects , such as the development of clean technology , investing millions in an attempt to unearth the key to a new energy era .
A new generation of nuclear power stations will also be important in helping the country make the transition to a low carbon economy .
While these are a vital component of any government 's climate change strategy , they will not be sufficient on their own to meet stringent carbon reduction commitments .
To do this , it will be important to mobilise all parts of society , both business and one of the most powerful agents of change : communities .
Changing times
Many innovative companies are already changing the way they work , judging that if not now , legislation will eventually drive them to reduce carbon , so they might as well stay ahead of the game .
While big global deals are being sought , it 's local communities that are getting on with the task at hand
Others are being forced by regulations , such as the European Union 's Emissions Trading Scheme to cut emissions .
However , the truly exciting possibilities for transformative change lie within communities .
Small , locally - owned initiatives replicated by groups across countries and nations can deliver substantial emissions reductions .
At the same time , they can drive the mass shift in attitude and behaviour that is needed to tackle climate change .
The key is to use incentives to engage people to become a part of both the economic and practical solutions that are needed .
Small scale , low - tech solutions like these already exist throughout the world , not least in developing countries that are often seen as part of the problem rather than part of the solution .
CRERAL is a co-operative in south Brazil that supplies electricity via the grid to 6,300 mainly rural customers in the area .
To increase the capacity and improve the reliability of its supply , it has built two river - based , low - tech , low - cost mini - hydro plants ( 0.72 and 1.0 MW capacity ) that produce about 5.5 GWh of electricity a year , or 25 % of overall demand .
In northern Tanzania , the Mwanza Rural Housing Programme ( MRHP ) trains villagers to set up enterprises making high - quality bricks from local clay , fired with agricultural residues rather than wood .
Not only has this reduced deforestation , the bricks have been used in more than 100,000 homes in 70 villages , providing improved comfort and durability .
Bottoms up
The key to the success of these initiatives has been the buy - in of the local community , a bottom - up rather than a top - down approach .
[ In Denmark ] , community groups own half of its private wind farms
Too often in the UK , climate change initiatives seem to be foisted on local communities , dislocating the projects from the very people whose support is required .
Energy companies find it hard to get wind farms through the UK planning system , as they are often challenged by residents who feel aggrieved about their lack of control over projects that will affect but may not benefit them .
Denmark uses a very different model : community groups own half of its private wind farms and 85 % of the nation 's wind generation capacity is made up of small clusters of turbines rather than large developments .
Backed by a planning system sympathetic to turbine installation and the guarantee of a stable , premium price for energy sold back to the grid , people are encouraged to join forces to create their own renewable energy supply .
Similar schemes have also sprung up in the Netherlands and Germany .
Last week , Nesta - the UK 's national authority on innovation - announced the winners of its Big Green Challenge , a £ 1 m prize fund to encourage community - led carbon emission reductions .
It developed the prize in 2007 because policymakers focused more on targeting consumers and industry and overlooked the role of communities in reducing carbon emissions .
Big schemes enjoy economies of scale , but small projects enjoy people power
The four community winners of the Big Green Challenge 
The Green Valleys based in Brecon Beacons in Wales , Household Energy Service based in Ludlow , Shropshire , and Isle of Eigg in Scotland and a runner - up , Low Carbon West Oxford , managed to reduce carbon emissions by between 10 - 32 % .
In one year alone , these initiatives have almost met the remaining 2020 CO2 reduction targets , and in the future their emission reductions are expected to treble .
Again , these projects worked because the local communities came up with them , and often benefited directly  a reduction in winter fuel bill costs , for example .
All are cost - effective and could be replicated across the nation and around the globe .
The lessons that can be learned are simple : set an objective , incentivise and empower people , offer support and resources , and practical , local climate change solutions will follow .
By supporting more grassroots initiatives , and by allowing innovation , ingenuity and local ownership to flourish as a complement to larger infrastructure projects , the UK government could go a long way to achieving its 2050 emissions reduction target  at a fraction of the cost .
While big global deals are being sought , it 's local communities that are getting on with the task at hand .
Sir David King is the director of the Smith School of Enterprise and the Environment at the University of Oxford , and a National Endowment for Science , Technology and the Arts ( Nesta ) visiting Fellow The Green Room is a series of opinion articles on environmental topics running weekly on the BBC News website Do you agree with Sir David King ?
Can small - scale project help move the world towards a low - carbon future ?
Can individuals fill the void left by politicians ?
Or do we need a global legally binding deal if we are going tackle climate change ?
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Deputy Foreign Minister Danny Ayalon said " Israel intends to increase the aid it sends to South American and Latin American states , but in return it expects support from them in the UN . "
Speaking at a conference of the heads of Latin American Jewish communities in Jerusalem , Ayalon called on those present to " stop the Iranian advance into South American states . " ( Roni Sofer )
Is it beauty and genius they want to see ?
Do they seek a sense of the sublime ?
Let them come to New York , stand on the shore of the Hudson , look and kneel .
When I see the city from my window ?
No , I do n't feel how small I am .
But , I feel that if a war came to threaten this ?
I would like to throw myself into space , over the city , and protect these buildings with my body .
Re : God Hates Iceland !
- 02-16-2010 , 09:56 PM
02-16-2010 , 09:56 PM
And I 'm a tolerant human being !
But you guys are piffleING INSANE !
It makes absolute sense to me now that you fight just as filthy as the people who troll on your forum .
You act like piffleing kindergarteners !
... and for the love of clean air ...
THAT'S A NORWEGIAN FLAG !
The very reason for the cross to be on our flag was to celebrate the Christian religion !
A celebration !
Furthermore .
God did not punish us with this financial crisis .
It is the fault of a couple of rich idiots who thought they were playing Monopoly and they caused the bankruptcy of more businesses here than I can count !
It 's called REALITY you mormons !
The result of mistakes !
You have insulted me and my nation and I wo n't stand for that .
But that 's one thing , praying for God to smite an employer who would n't accept ' Jesus ' on a application form and for ones wife to be ' accidentally killed ' are thoughts which belong in a mental asylum !
If this is what Christianity is to you psychopaths then I 'll rather worship SATAN !
According to the bible he killed about a 100 people while God wiped out the planet ( the flood ) , so ... it's lesser of two evils .
And speaking of evil :
How about those white hoods , huh ?
You guys are probably VERY popular in Harlem New York , huh ?
You SICK BASTARDS !
And to sum up this veeery pleasant rant of mine :
The funny thing about all of this is that you scumbags still think you 're right .
You think you have aaall the answers , do n't you ?
And no matter what everyone else says , you still think you 're right ...
... and that 's some funny shit ... that 's some very funny shit ...
Keep on preaching thought !
Do n't let us heathens stop you , ' cause if you would , what would there be left for us to laugh at ?
You guys are neccessary for a healthy dose of comedy !
Very SICK comedy ...
Have a nice life you redneck bastards ... what 's left of it ...
Well , I tried the friendly approach .
But this forum has filled me with more disgust than I ever thought imaginable !
I 'm not even sorry for all the things my fellow Icelanders have dumped on this site anymore !
And I 'm a tolerant human being !
But you guys are piffleING INSANE !
It makes absolute sense to me now that you fight just as filthy as the people who troll on your forum .
You act like piffleing kindergarteners !... and for the love of clean air ...
THAT'S A NORWEGIAN FLAG !
The very reason for the cross to be on our flag was to celebrate the Christian religion !
A celebration !
Furthermore .
God did not punish us with this financial crisis .
It is the fault of a couple of rich idiots who thought they were playing Monopoly and they caused the bankruptcy of more businesses here than I can count !
It 's called REALITY you mormons !
The result of mistakes !
You have insulted me and my nation and I wo n't stand for that .
But that 's one thing , praying for God to smite an employer who would n't accept ' Jesus ' on a application form and for ones wife to be ' accidentally killed ' are thoughts which belong in a mental asylum !
If this is what Christianity is to you psychopaths then I 'll rather worship SATAN !
According to the bible he killed about a 100 people while God wiped out the planet ( the flood ) , so ... it's lesser of two evils .
And speaking of evil :
How about those white hoods , huh ?
You guys are probably VERY popular in Harlem New York , huh ?
You SICK BASTARDS !
And to sum up this veeery pleasant rant of mine :
The funny thing about all of this is that you scumbags still think you 're right .
You think you have aaall the answers , do n't you ?
And no matter what everyone else says , you still think you 're right ...... and that 's some funny shit ... that 's some very funny shit ... Keep on preaching thought !
Do n't let us heathens stop you , ' cause if you would , what would there be left for us to laugh at ?
You guys are neccessary for a healthy dose of comedy !
Very SICK comedy ... Have a nice life you redneck bastards ... what 's left of it ...
Arsenal win the league : Analysis of remaining fixtures .
A Start of a Golden Age !
By Hartwick89 .
So with 11 games left the maximum points for the top three is 33 .
The table for the top three post Saturday ’s fixtures is ;
Chelsea 61 points ;
Manchester United 57 points ;
Arsenal 55 points .
And the remaining fixtures are as follows ;
Manchester United Chelsea Arsenal
1.Everton A 1.Wolverhampton A 1 . Sunderland H 2 . West Ham H 2 . Manchester City H 2 . Stoke A 3. Wolverham A 3 . Portsmouth A 3 . Burnley H 4 . Fulham H 4 . West Ham H 4 . Hull A 5 . Liverpool H 5 . Blackburn A 5 . West Ham H 6 . Bolton A 6 . Aston Villa H 6 . Birmingham A 7 . Chels H 7 . Man U A 7 . Wolverhampton H 8 . Blackburn A 8 . Bolton H 8 . Tottenham A 9 . Man City A 9 . Tottenham A 9.Wigan A 10 .
Totts H 10 .
Stoke H 10 .
Manchester City H 11 .
Sunderland A 11 . Liverpool A 11 . Blackburn A 12 . Stoke H 12 . Wigan H 12 .
Fulham H
I suspect the War - Room at the clubs will certainly look like the above .
Each management team trying to figure out where can they win , draw , and lose .
But , what is now becoming obvious is Arsenal have a distinct advantage in the remaining fixtures !
Here are my predictions week to week .
First , the Fixtures .
Second , team result .
Third the points .
( Italics is difficult fixture . )
Week Results ;
Manchester United 57 Chelsea 58 Arsenal 52
Watch Arsenal Live Streams With StreamFootball.tv
1.Everton A ( L ) 57 1.Wolverhampton
A ( W ) 61 1 . Sunderland H ( W ) 55 2 . West Ham H ( W ) 60 2 . Manchester City H ( D ) 62 2 . Stoke A ( W ) 58 3.Wolverhampton
A ( W ) 63 3 . Portsmouth A ( W ) 65 3 . Burnley H ( W ) 61 4 . Fulham H ( W ) 66 4 . West Ham H ( W ) 68 4 . Hull A ( W ) 64 5 . Liverpool H ( D ) 67 5 . Blackburn A ( W ) 71 5 . West Ham H ( W ) 67 6 . Bolton A ( W ) 70 6 . Aston Villa H ( D ) 72 6 . Birmingham A ( W ) 70 7 .
Chelsea H ( W ) 73 7 . Man U A ( L ) 72 7 . Wolverhampton H ( W ) 73 8 . Blackburn A ( W ) 76 8 . Bolton H ( W ) 75 8 . Tottenham A ( D ) 74 9 . Man City A ( L ) 76 9 . Tottenham A ( W ) 78 9 . Wigan A ( W ) 77 10 .
Totts H ( W ) 79 10 .
Stoke H ( W ) 81 10 .
Manchester City H ( W ) 80 11 .
Sunderland A ( D ) 80 11 . Liverpool A ( L ) 81 11 .
Blackburn A ( W ) 83 12 .
Stoke H ( W ) 83 12 .
Wigan H ( W ) 84 12 .
Fulham H ( W ) 86
This year has shaped up to be a contentious one and here is how I see it moving forward .
Manchester United have 6 fixtures in which at the very least they have extreme difficulty with opponents .
Chelsea have five fixtures with the same level of difficulty .
Arsenal have three maybe four at best .
I see Arsenal winning the title by the slimmest of margins and on the last day .
So that said , it seem that the Doom and Gllomers will have lost their voices and Arsene will have been completely correct in regards to many things including this team .
— — — ———-
UNTOLD RUMOURS
The next week will see thousands of new stories about Ashley Cole released as national newspapers empty their vaults of all the stories surrounding Mr C .
The stories were put on hold after the loss of the court action to Mr Mosley of Formula 1 fame .
But now the super injunctions have started to be thrown out by the courts the press think that Mr Cole is fair game .
The Sun today had a picture of Mr Cole “ injuring himself ” .
If you type “ Ashley Cole ” into Google it gives you a list of the most popular searches .
Top of the list in terms of hits is Ashley Cole Phone Story with 1.8 million hits .
Today on the Web site “ Football Rumours ” : “ Arsenal will not be spending heavily like most people think in the summer !
Targets are already in place in the form of Marouane Chamakh , Gregory van der Wiel and Mesut Ozil .
Mamadou Sakho has also been identified but will only come in if Gallas does not sign a new contract . ”
Notts County FC have made a bid to buy Portsmouth FC .
“ I think we understand each other , ” said a director , while busking outside Charing Cross tube station this morning .
Palle Rasmuissen has agreed to buy Chester City .
However at a press conference he said , “ I know that the Vaughan family have put it about that I am going to buy the football club , but why would I do that ? ”
He also reported that the local law established in 1312 that Welshmen could not be on the streets of the town after sundown would be more rigorously enforced in future , and that he was the illegitimate son of the Duke of Edinburgh .
— — — — — — — —— ——
–
News from the darker side
Untold Arsenal invented rotational fouling
The England captain we signed from Kettering Town .
Why did Arsenal move to Highbury , and not somewhere else ?
Arsenal in 1910 – the complete story in the most wonderful book about Arsenal ever written by anyone , ever , honest , I am not kidding you .
According to my calendar — the one I believe I just looked at for the first time since last September , when someone made my life go all date - and timeless — the Lunar New Year and Valentine ’s Day fall on the same day this year .
In New York at least , the Lunar New Year is an excuse to eat egregious amounts of fried rice , spare ribs and to make your way through Chinatown streets over piles of strewn red paper * from firecrackers .
Valentine ’s Day , however , is dominated by French food because what could be more romantic than copious amounts of wine , butter , cheese , steak and chocolate ?
Or , you could stay in and have a little of both .
That ’s what this ginger fried recipe is to me , a classic Chinese dish , clearly reinterpreted by a French hand .
For one , it has leeks , which although used in both Chinese and French cooking , I ca n’t say I ’ve ever seen them caramelized for fried rice .
Second , egg is n’t scrambled into the dish , but pulled out , fried whole and laid on top of the rice .
There are other deconstructions too : the ginger and garlic are fried until crisp and scattered over the dish , like bacon bits from the Far East , rather than tucked within .
And rather than cooking the rice in gobs of soy sauce and sesame oil , both are conservatively drizzled on top at the end like droplets of a pan sauce .
The result is so staggeringly delicious , you might forego serving it with anything else .
Which would be authentic in its own way , as I understand fried rice to be more of a “ main ” and less of a side dish in China .
But I wo n’t tell anyone if you pile some of these spare ribs on your plate too .
And throw back a beer .
And totally skip the fortune cookies .
* Wait , do they still do this ?
I have a distinct memory of walking down red-papered streets in Chinatown on the Lunar New Year after going out to dinner with my parents and their friends , but you know , it has been a while and my brain is a -fog .
Two years ago : Matzo Ball Soup
Three years ago : Miniature Soft Pretzels
SURPRISE !
It ’s a steel ball !
When a steel ball hits a hard surface , like the ground , it dents just like a rubber ball .
But the steel ball snaps back into shape much faster than a rubber ball .
It is the snapping back into shape that makes any ball bounce , so since the steel ball snaps back into shape faster than a rubber one , it bounces higher .
CLEVELAND , Ohio --
New consumer - friendly rules taking effect today will mean colossal changes for the 180 million people nationwide who have credit cards -- and even millions who do n't .
If you pay with plastic :
No longer will banks arbitrarily be able to change the interest rate on your balance .
No longer can they confuse you by changing the date your monthly payment is due .
No longer can they cut your credit limit , allow you to go over it , then charge a penalty .
Around the Web
What you need to know about the new credit card rules ( Federal Reserve )
New credit card rules are tough love ( Sheryl Harris )
And the list goes on .
But even the half of the population that does n't carry credit debt could feel the impact of the changes .
To make up the money the new rules will cost them , banks are expected to impose new fees on credit cards , and even on checking accounts and debit cards .
The credit card changes are so extensive that it seems difficult to believe they 're all happening at the same time .
Any one of them would be a big deal .
Congress approved the overhaul last spring .
The reform is the biggest to hit the industry since the credit card was invented 60 years ago , said Kenneth Clayton , senior vice president and general counsel at the American Bankers Association .
" It 's the opening of a new age . "
Said Jay Seaton , president of Consumer Credit Counseling Service of Northeast Ohio : " Credit cards are going back to the way they worked 20 years ago .
You buy something , you pay the bill .
There wo n't be all of this ' gotcha . ' "
Here 's a look at some of the changes that take effect Monday :
Some other changes
Here 's what else credit card companies must do , or can't do , under the new law :
Must give you 45 days ' notice before changing your rate on future purchases , changing your fees or making other major changes .
Ca n't charge fees for payments made by phone or online , unless it 's a last - minute payment with expedited handling to avoid a late fee .
Must allow you to opt out of account changes and pay off existing balances within five years .
Must apply payments first to the highest - rate balances .
Ca n't issue cards with upfront fees exceeding 25 percent of available credit .
Ca n't raise your rate if you fall behind on payments to another creditor .
Ca n't increase your rate on new purchases for the first year of opening a card .
Must mail statements 21 days before due date .
Other changes :
Companies that offer free credit reports must disclose that they 're not the official free credit report available by federal law and must direct people to annualcreditreport.com
Regulators will study issues such as credit profiling of cardholders based on the stores where they shop .
-- Teresa Dixon Murray
Interest rates can't be raised on existing balances .
In the past , the interest rate on your balance could be changed pretty much at the blink of an eye .
On a $ 9,000 balance , the $ 75 a month you paid in finance charges at 10 percent jumped to $ 217 a month if your rate was raised to 29 percent .
There was nothing you could do about it except pay off the card or transfer the balance .
Now , rates can't be raised on existing balances unless you 're more than two months behind on payments or you had a teaser rate that expired .
However , if your rate is tied to an index rate , such as prime rate , then your rate can increase by the same number of points the index rises .
Consumer advocate Adam Levin , chairman of Credit.com , believes this could be the most important change .
There was just something inherently wrong with getting people to borrow money , then changing the terms , said Levin , former director of the New Jersey division of consumer affairs .
" This is one of the things that made people the craziest . "
Due dates must be the same every month .
Keeping track of credit card payment due dates was often like watching a racquetball game -- the dates could jump from the 20th to the 12th to the 16th and back again .
Now , the due date must be the same every month -- the 10th , the 15th or whatever .
If that date falls on a weekend or a holiday , then the next business day is the due date .
Payments are on time if received by 5 p.m. on the due date .
Many companies imposed late fees for payments not posted by 10 a.m. or even 7 a.m .
No more .
Firms can't charge overlimit fees without your permission .
Going over your credit limit is n't a good thing .
But it 's painful when going over the limit by $ 1 costs $ 39 , or when one mistake costs more than $ 100 , as multiple fees add up .
That can't happen anymore .
Unless you ask your credit card company to allow you to go over your limit , transactions that exceed the limit may be denied .
You wo n't be charged a fee .
If you do go over your limit , you 'll be charged a penalty fee only once per cycle , not once for every purchase over your limit .
No more two - cycle billing .
Many companies have charged interest based on a customer 's average daily balance over the past two months , not just the average balance from the most recent month .
That means you were essentially paying interest twice on some purchases .
Now , interest will be figured only on your last month 's average daily balance .
Minimum payment disclosures .
Consumers ' credit card statements must contain information on how long it will take to pay off their bill if they make only the minimum payment , and how much it will cost long - term .
No marketing to college kids .
Companies wo n't be allowed to promote credit cards on college campuses or to send pre-screened card approval letters to anyone under 21 .
Even if young adults hear about credit cards through other sources , they wo n't be able to open an account unless they can document they have income to repay the debt .
Otherwise , they 'll need a cosigner .
Jerry Welch , chief executive office of nFinanSe Inc. of Florida , whose company sells reloadable debit cards , expects an explosion in his business , in part from young adults who will have difficulty getting credit cards .
The college population alone is 18 million , he said .
Of course , all of these changes will cost the industry dearly in interest charges and fees .
Just how much is a matter of speculation , said Clayton of the American Bankers Association in a conference call .
Seventy percent of credit card companies ' revenue comes from interest charges , 20 percent from merchant fees and 10 percent from consumer fees .
Penalty fees alone -- such as overlimit or late - payment fees -- yielded $ 15 billion to $ 20 billion last year , the federal government says .
All of this means credit card companies will have to change their business models , primarily by taking less risk and by finding other ways to get revenue .
Consumers have already seen cards canceled and credit limits lowered .
Now they will find it more difficult to get new accounts , too , said Nessa Feddis , vice president and senior counsel at the American Bankers Association , in a conference call .
Those who do have cards -- people with bad and good credit alike -- can expect to pay higher rates on new transactions , since banks wo n't be able to raise rates on existing balances .
Credit card issuers also are slicing rewards and launching new fees .
Annual fees have returned , and some banks such as Citibank are charging fees if you do n't use your card enough .
And you 'll see increases in fees still allowed , such as for balance transfers , Seaton of Consumer Credit Counseling predicts .
Look for people without credit cards to feel the effects , too , said Jean Ann Fox , director of financial services for the Consumer Federation of America .
She expects some banks to impose checking account overdraft fees by not posting deposits until after all withdrawals have been subtracted each day .
And she predicts a surge in banks ' pushing cash advances on checking accounts , with interest rates exceeding 100 percent .
Levin of Credit.com noted that credit card companies can still make some changes to accounts with 45 days ' notice .
To sneak those changes past consumers , some companies have been experimenting with making envelopes look as much like junk mail as possible , he said -- so watch your mailbox closely .
" You have to remember , these companies are n't making these changes because they wanted to , " he said .
" They 've been dragged kicking and screaming , and they 're not really happy about it . "
Joel Tenenbaum , the second P2P defendant to take his case all the way through trial , is on the hook for $ 675,000 in damages .
But according to his lawyer , Tenenbaum only caused the record labels $ 21 in damages .
The disparity between these two figures is , in the words of Harvard Law's Charles Nesson , " monstrous and shocking . "
Nesson has just filed his final argument on the issue of damages .
His basic point , that a final damage award must have some relation to the actual harm , leads him to make a simple calculation about Tenenbaum 's transgression .
" Had he purchased the 30 songs on iTunes , he would have paid 99 cents apiece , of which Apple would have passed on 70 cents to the record companies , " says the filing .
" Assuming , contrary to fact , that the record companies have zero costs so that every cent returned to them is profit , the total return would have been $ 21.00 . "
This is n't what the labels say , of course , Instead , at both the Tenenbaum trial and the earlier Thomas - Rasset trial in Minnesota , label attorneys claimed that P2P file - sharing was crippling their industry , and that each specific file - sharer bore some role in that destruction by virtue of offering files for upload .
With no real way to know how many times a particular user distributed a song to others , the labels argue that statutory damages are the best way to deal fairly with the situation .
Not so , says Nesson .
He makes the case that uploads do n't matter ; that the actual economic impact of Tenenbaum 's downloading is the price he would have paid had he downloaded the songs .
But , the plaintiffs say , by including these songs in his share folder , Tenenbaum distributed them to millions of people , causing the record companies " incalculable " damages .
This is completely false hyperbole .
Not a single person who downloaded these songs using Kazaa would have been impeded from obtaining them had Tenenbaum blocked access to his share folder .
Tenenbaum was not a seeder of any of these songs ...
Once the initial seeds had proliferated , the addition of one more copy to the unlimited , easily - accessible supply could have had no economic consequence whatsoever .
Plaintiffs would not have realized a single additional sale had Tenenbaum blocked access to his share folder .
This seems an odd defense — in essence , it 's the idea that no harm was actually caused because the songs could have been had elsewhere .
Getting them from Tenenbaum was just a random accident .
This is akin to arguing that , if you entered a record shop and 75 people offered you an illegal copy of an old Beatles album , that the person you accepted it from could not be held liable for any harm just because you could simply have gotten the exact item from someone else with no additional work .
In any event , Nesson made a well - argued case that statutory damages must have some relation to damages , and he referred on several occasions to a similar ruling from the judge overseeing the Jammie Thomas - Rasset trial in Minnesota .
His filing is also effective at exposing the absurd amount of the particular damage award .
Nesson conducts a thought experiment : " In 2008 , one study reported that the average British teenager had 800 illegal tracks on his iPod .
If $ 22,500 per infringement were constitutional , this would mean the average teenager is exposed to an $ 18 million dollar verdict against him , clearly an absurd , arbitrary , and unconstitutional result . "
Or again , for a footnote : " For additional absurdity , imagine further that the industry actually got judgments of $ 18 million in damages from roughly 30,000 teenagers , which is approximately the number of lawsuits they filed against consumers until the end of 2008 .
That would mean they had outstanding judgments for $ 540 billion dollars — or more than the total revenue the recording industry can expect to earn in about 50 years at its current size of $ 11 billion per year . "
One can almost hear the industry 's rejoinder , however : big statutory awards are meant to serve in part as a deterrent , precisely because it is impossible to sue everyone engaged in the activity .
If everyone could be targeted , each penalty would be much less severe ( this is the basic line of argument behind the various " graduated response " proposals one sees around the world ) .
The record business certainly hopes to prevent Judge Gertner from ruling in Nesson 's favor on this case , as it would mean that both federal judges who have overseen trials put tough limits on statutory awards in P2P cases .
Gertner did issue a directed verdict against Tenenbaum , though she has also castigated the RIAA 's litigation campaign from the bench and has indicated that she would have been quite open to limited " fair use " defenses .
There 's no timeline on when her ruling will come down .
This is possibly the most shocking and horrifying story to drop into my inbox in weeks .
From the US , journalist and blogger Dough Ireland reports on a wave of homophobic violence unleashed against Kenya ’s gay community after local Imams reacted with hysteria to an urban myth .
In the coastal town of Mtwapa in Kenya ’s Kilifi district , media hysteria and outrage by clerics over a non-existent gay wedding whipped up mob violence that began on February 12 , unleashing a house - to - house witch hunt by anti-gay vigilantes , street attacks targeting gay men , the sacking of an AIDS - fighting medical center , and a widening wave of ultra-homophobic national media coverage .
Many gay men have gone into hiding or fled the area .
From Nairobi , the nation ’s capital , Denis Nzioka , a prominent 24 - year - old gay activist , told Gay City News , “ Ever since the outburst of violence in Mtwapa , gay people have had to fear for their lives .
Vigilante groups are hunting down gay men , going door to door , and anyone who is overly flamboyant is attacked in the street . ”
Read Doug ’s harrowing report .
And now watch this local TV news report ( that also reports the myth as fact ) .
I really do n’t know what to do or say anymore , to be honest .
Share this article .
Aug 26 , 2020
in Daily Games Games
Aug 26 , 2020
How hard could it be to find one little object ?
Play Now
Beijing ( AsiaNews / Agencies ) - Workers with intellectual disabilities are forced to work day and night in the brick factories in Hubei 208 Yuan a year ( a few cents a day ) , well below the statutory minimum wage .
A TV report denounces that little or nothing has changed since the slave labour scandal erupted in June 2007 , when police rescued about 570 people enslaved in brick kilns in Henan and Shanxi , including 50 children , forced to work up to 16 hours a day without pay and with little food , under the supervision of private security guards and dogs to prevent escape .
According to China Labour Bulletin , a prestigious publication for workers ' rights , the situation arose when the summer of 2008 a worker was beaten to death by other workers in a brick factory in Huangpi , north of Wuhan .
The local inspection office begun investigations which revealed about 5 thousand illegal workers , who were later regularized .
It has also been revealed that in February 2008 , a certain Ye Huabing enticed a dozen mentally disabled and homeless at the Hankou Railway Station in Wuhan and brought them to his factory in Huangpi , where he forced them to work all day without pay .
In July , one of them was tortured by his own comrades because they had been disturbed during the midday break .
When
Ye discovered the corpse , he immediately buried in a nearby field .
His identity is still unknown .
Two months later , police arrested Ye and 6 people believed to be involved in the murder .
In September 2009 , the principal manager Longhai Lin
Ye was sentenced to life imprisonment and 3 years in prison for forcing him to work and another 3 years for having destroyed evidence of the murder .
The report was aired on 25 January and on the same day , the local authorities claimed to have immediately launched an operation to " rectify the work and stamp out illegal criminal behaviour " , ensuring that a campaign against organized crime was already in progress .
Legality aside , the inescapable truth is that file sharers on the Internet are currently delivering a product superior to what you can purchase from where you ’re supposed to .
This is n’t to condone piracy , and file sharing is not just about the free ride .
Let ’s consider for a moment the available options for enjoying a feature film in the comfort of your own home :
Rented or purchased DVDs are region - locked , riddled with DRM and often require viewers to sit through ads for other DVDs before they can get to the content they want to watch .
Movies or TV shows downloaded from the Internet are DRM - free , have no geographical restrictions or arbitrary file limits and can be enjoyed on a portable media device , personal computer or even this cheap and cheerful set - top box from Western Digital :
In the realm of music things are a little better , as smaller file sizes enabled file - sharing in the days of dial - up connections and got the music industry ’s attention that much sooner .
Yet even today the iTunes Music Store still sells files with DRM , and DRM - free storefronts like the excellent 7digital are still subject to the same region / market restrictions imposed by the music industry .
Meanwhile , MP3 search engines can find virtually any song you ’d ever want from any artist anywhere in the world .
If it ’s starting to sound like I ’m excusing theft here it ’s only because the traditional media companies have fallen so very far behind in delivering what their customers actually want .
In fact , their very business model is set up to fail in the digital age .
In his book The Future of the Internet–And How to Stop It Jonathan Zittrain scored a telling quote from a movie industry executive :
Our core mission is to protect our library of films , and earn as much as possible from that library over time …
So that means focusing our efforts on what ’s proven — i.e. the DVD — and only dipping our toes into new consumer technologies .
We simply are n’t programmed to move quickly .
And in a ( somewhat tangentially ) related debate on the subject of Canadian television , homegrown champion # copyfighter Michael Geist represents the opinion of file - sharers pretty well :
If they ( television broadcasters in this case ) do n’t make it available in the online environment there are other people who are going to make it available for them .
What are your thoughts on file sharing ?
Do you consider yourself a pirate or an activist ?
Let ’s discuss !
Cart Preview
$ { item.product_title } $ { opt.name } : $ { opt.value } $ { key } : $ { val } Qty : $ { item.quantity } Remove $ { item.line_price | money }
There are no items in your cart
Til Death Do Us Part A New Look at Hitler 's Mistress Eva Braun
Historians have long portrayed Adolf Hitler 's mistress Eva Braun as little more than an apolitical accoutrement to the dictator .
But a new biography of the woman who was Hitler 's wife for a mere 40 hours casts doubt on that image .
Hayman Fire .
Crews conducting burnout .
Image credit , Karen Wattenmaker .
Engine crew holding fire from crossing line .
Image credit , Karen Wattenmaker .
In 2002 , the Hayman Fire in Colorado burned 137,760 acres , destroyed 133 homes , forced 5,340 people to evacuate , and ravaged habitats of several rare species .
Following a spate of such wildfires , Congress the next year passed the Healthy Forests Restoration Act , which among other things , requires public agencies to spend 50 % of their fuel - reduction budgets on public lands that border developed areas - otherwise known as the wildland - urban interface .
A new study , however , shows that this actually discourages private landowners from taking measures to reduce wildfire risk on their own property .
Furthermore , by subsidizing residents who choose to live in high - danger areas , the law encourages risky decisions while draining resource from fighting wildfires on more remote public lands .
More people live in areas vulnerable to wildfire , as the human population increases and residential development pushes into wildlands .
In 2003 alone , wildfires burned more than 4,508 homes and caused more than $ 2 billion in damages in wildland - urban interfaces of the United States .
Gwenlyn Busby and Heidi Albers used a game - theory model to get inside the minds of private landowners and public land managers and figure out why they make the decisions that they do when it comes to protecting against wildfire on their lands .
Game theory is a type of applied math that analyzes how people make decisions when the consequences depend on the decisions of others .
The researchers found that the Healthy Forests Restoration Act , by requiring that at least fifty percent of fuel - reduction budgets to be used in wildland - urban interfaces , enables private landowners to ride free off publicly funded fire - prevention efforts .
Furthermore , the Act makes it more difficult for managers to protect rare species and other natural resources on public lands away from developed areas .
Government agencies often seek to limit the severity of wildfires by removing dried grasses , brush , and other fuels from public lands , but tight budgets make it impossible for public land managers to conduct fuel reduction everywhere that it is needed .
On its face , the Healthy Forests Restoration
Act seems like a logical , targeted way to cut down on wildfire damage .
However , as the game theory model in the study reveals , private landowners in the wildland - urban interface tend to perform little fuel reduction on their land when the government conducts extensive treatment nearby .
According to Busby and Albers , this “ pattern of fuel treatment comes at a cost to society because public resources focus in areas with mixed ownership , where local residents capture the benefits , and are not available for publicly managed land areas that create benefits for society at large . ”
-- Reviewed by Peter Taylor
Busby , G. , & Albers , H. ( 2010 ) .
Wildfire Risk Management on a Landscape with Public and Private Ownership : Who Pays for Protection ?
Environmental Management DOI : 10.1007/s00267-009-9381-x
Surgery to correct ' man- boobs ' is increasingly popular Breast reduction for men is the fastest - growing part of the cosmetic surgery industry for the second year running , plastic surgeons have said .
The number of such operations rose from 323 in 2008 to 581 last year - an 80 % increase - the British Association of Aesthetic Plastic Surgeons said .
Pressure created by men's magazines was partly to blame , one surgeon said .
Cosmetic surgery appears to be defying the recession , with an overall increase in the number of procedures .
Nine out of 10 cosmetic procedures carried out by members of the British Association of Aesthetic Plastic Surgeons ( Baaps ) in 2009 were performed on women , with breast enlargement the most popular operation .
The public 's interest in aesthetic surgery appears to remain strong and indeed growing quite considerably among UK males despite the the economic downturn
Nigel Mercer , Baaps
But the most dramatic rises were seen in the world of male surgery - an overall increase of more than a fifth over the year .
Surgeons carried out 581 breast reductions , compared to 323 the previous year .
The top two operations for men were rhinoplasty - or " nose - job " , and blepharoplasty - surgery on the skin around the eyes .
Consultant plastic surgeon Rajiv Grover said that while the problem of so - called " man-boobs " - or " gynaecomastia " in official language - was not a new one , it had been thrust into prominence by media coverage .
He said : " Many men are feeling the pressure from men 's magazines that were n't even being published five or six years ago .
" In addition , they are just realising that they can get something done about it . "
Lifestyle not scalpel
However , he said that in many cases , surgery could be avoided by simple changes to lifestyle .
" Quite a few cases are caused by obesity , and we often say to men to look at their lifestyles before thinking about the scalpel . "
A total of more than 36,000 surgical procedures were carried out by Baaps members , a 6.7 % increase over last year .
Women had 5.4 % more procedures than in 2008 .
Baaps president Nigel Mercer said : " The public 's interest in aesthetic surgery appears to remain strong and indeed growing quite considerably among UK males despite the economic downturn . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Google has opened up its charity wallet once again .
This time , the search giant has donated $ 2,000,000 to the Wikimedia Foundation , the organization that runs and maintains Wikipedia .
The donation , in true social media fashion , was announced via tweets from Wikipedia Founder Jimmy Wales and Wikimedia Foundation advisory board member Mitch Kapor .
Neither Google nor the Wikimedia Foundation have made an official announcement yet — it 's supposed to come tomorrow .
The donation 's definitely in line with Google 's generosity to foundations that promote a faster and more open web .
However , we think it 's interesting that Google is giving money to the Wikimedia Foundation now , only a year and a half after the search giant launched its own Wikipedia killer , Google Knol .
Back then , we said it was doomed to fail , and so far Knol 's stagnation has proven us right .
Is this a sign that Google 's abandoned the project and is embracing Wikipedia as the web 's center for knowledge ?
Hopefully we 'll get some answers tomorrow .
MADRID ( AFP ) – – Spain ’s top investigating judge Baltasar Garzon is to probe suspected torture and ill - treatment of inmates at the US prison of Guantanamo Bay , a judical source said Saturday .
The judge will be acting on complaints lodged by a number of associations , focussing on one prisoner , Ahmed Abderraman Hamed , who has Spanish nationality , the source added , confirming a report published in daily El Pais
ADVERTISEMENT
Three other detainees , Moroccan Lahcen Ikasrrien , Palestinian Jamiel Abdulatif al - Banna and Libyan Omar Deghayes would also be concerned as they had links with Spain .
In 2005 Spain declared itself competent to investigate any crime committed abroad , but after diplomatic problems the scope of the inquiries was reduced in 2009 .
Spanish courts can now deal only with cases that have a clear link with Spain , or cases that are not being investigated in countries where the offences are alleged to have been committed .
El Pais said Washington had not replied to a request made seven months ago from Madrid as to whether it was investigating the allegations now being taken up by Garzon , who is best - known internationally for his pursuit of Latin American dictators .
The Palestinian Authority ’s foreign minister Riyad al Malky said in Madrid last week that Spain had agreed to accept a Palestinian Guantanamo Bay detainee .
ADVERTISEMENT
The unnamed man will be transferred to Spain in early February along with another man whose nationality has not been confirmed , according to press reports quoting Spanish diplomatic sources .
The US detention camp in Cuba was set up to hold foreigners captured after US - led forces invaded Afghanistan to root out al Qaeda and its Taliban protectors in response to the attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 against the United States .
In one of his first acts in office , US President Barack Obama set a one - year deadline for shutting the prison and the United States has started to slowly empty it of detainees .
ADVERTISEMENT
Garzon , 54 , was thrust into the international limelight in 1998 with his attempt to extradite former Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet from Britain on charges of torture and genocide .
He has also investigated suspected drug lords , arms traffickers and terrorists and indicted Osama bin Laden on charges of terrorism , including the September 11 attacks in the United States .
Acting at the recommendation of a special state innocence commission  the only one of its kind in the nation  a panel of North Carolina judges ruled Wednesday that a man was wrongfully convicted of murdering a prostitute in 1991 and freed him after 16 years in prison .
The three - judge panel found “ clear and convincing evidence ” that the man , Gregory F. Taylor , was innocent and had been convicted based on flawed evidence and unreliable testimony .
It was the first case won by the commission , which was established in 2006 after a wave of embarrassing wrongful convictions in North Carolina .
Celebrating with friends and family over a shrimp salad at a cafe in downtown Raleigh , Mr. Taylor said he was still in shock after “ 6,149 days in prison . ”
February 17th , 2010 | EarthBound
Do you like EarthBound ?
Want to possibly see it on the Virtual Console ?
Then grab a postcard , write a simple message asking for it , and send it to Japan !
Background
Things look kind of disheartening for fans of EarthBound ; the EarthBound demo was stripped from Smash Bros .
Brawl , word is NOA does n’t want to release EarthBound on the Virtual Console , series creator Shigesato Itoi continues to say he wo n’t make any more games in the series , EarthBound cart prices are getting ridiculous , with loose carts going for $ 130 and complete sets selling for $ 300 + , sometimes even over $ 1000 .
Even the box by itself sells for $ 80 .
Interest in the game is high , but it ’s getting harder and harder to even play it legally .
Pretty much everyone in the Western gaming world knows EarthBound has a strong following , but it ’s Nintendo ’s Japanese headquarters ( NCL ) that pulls the strings and decides what gets released and what does n’t .
If NCL can be persuaded that there ’s a demand for EarthBound , maybe there ’s still hope for a Virtual Console release .
It would n’t be difficult for NCL to make changes to the game if necessary ; it ’d only take an hour or two and a few changed bytes .
What to do
If you ’re a fan of EarthBound and want to show support for the series , here ’s what you can do .
Get a postcard , one that features the name of your locale is best .
It ’ll feel more personal and postcards being sent from all around the world will have more of an impact .
Write a simple message , just a sentence or two or three long .
Write it in normal text , NOT cursive .
Use very simple words .
Say you ’re a fan of EarthBound ( MOTHER 2 ) and that you ’d like it on the Virtual Console .
Just keep in mind that the people reading these will only understand basic English .
If you ’re skilled enough at Japanese , go ahead and write your message in Japanese , but it ’s not necessary .
If you want to draw a little Mr. Saturn or Ness or whatever , that ’s fine too .
For the address , put this : Nintendo Company , Ltd .
11 - 1 Kamitoba - hokotate - cho , Minami-ku
Kyoto 601-8501
Japan Sending a postcard to Japan will probably cost a little more than usual , so stop by the post office and send it from there .
Example
Since I ’m in Florida , here ’s an example postcard I ’ve done :
Conclusion
This is n’t one of those “ sieges ” where people get crazy and go overboard .
If you ’re simply a fan of the series and want to support it , then consider sending a simple , heartfelt message to the people that can make a difference .
It ’s not hard , and at the very least someone will get to see your neat or funny postcard from around the world .
And if we ’re lucky , maybe fans wo n’t have to spend hundreds of dollars or resort to piracy to play EarthBound anymore .
When students pawn someone else 's work off as their own , they get expelled .
But when some professors do the same thing , they get a " pat on the back , " and maybe even a few extra bucks .
Scientists credited for research articles that were secretly penned by ghostwriters from pharmaceutical companies often are not reprimanded for their misrepresentations ; rather , their ranks and career trajectories often improve .
Although this practice of undisclosed authors ( with undisclosed commercial interests ) writing articles under the pretense of unbiased scientific inquiry raises serious concerns about academic integrity , few institutions have policies to discourage it .
The authors of a new study published in PLoS
One hope to make medical ghostwriting a faux pas on par with plagiarism and data falsification .
After the results from their survey on ghostwriting prohibition policies revealed that 37 of the top 50 academic medical centers in the U.S. have none , Jeffrey Lacasse of Arizona State University 's School of Social Work and Jonathan Leo of Lincoln Memorial University in Harrogate , Tenn. , took the opportunity to propose an unambiguous policy on the matter in their article .
" I think some people think they do n't need a policy addressing ghostwriting because it would fall under plagiarism , " Leo explains .
" Maybe an administrator would say the plagiarism policy covers ghostwriting , but I think the profs would adamantly disagree . "
Once medical publishing 's " dirty little secret , " ghostwriting is no longer under wraps , thanks in part to a 2009 federal court decision to release 1,500 documents describing the strategic placement of marketing messages into peer - reviewed medical literature .
In their article Lacasse and Leo say these cleverly crafted advertisements from pharmaceutical companies shape the literature in subtle but important ways , and can even affect how clinicians perceive and prescribe treatments .
" Your typical family practice physician is bombarded with glossy reprints , " Lacasse explains .
" The more prestigious the university and the researcher 's name on it , the more weight that 's going to carry with the doctor . "
Policies prohibiting ghostwriting in U.S. - based academic medical centers were recommended in a 2009 report on conflict of interest in medical research , education and practice published by the National Academies ' Institute of Medicine in Washington , D.C.
In the report a quote from the dramatist Goethe reads : " Knowing is not enough ; we must apply .
Willing is not enough ; we must do . "
But more than half of the centers investigated by Lacasse and Leo had no formal policies on ghostwriting or authorship whatsoever .
The top 10 academic medical centers have policies — five flat - out banning ghostwriting : Johns Hopkins University ; Washington University in Saint Louis ; Stanford University ; the University of Washington in Seattle ; and Columbia University .
Five have " more ambiguous rules " : Harvard Medical School ( although the authors acknowledge that Harvard 's authorship policy is so stringent that it makes ghostwriting nearly impossible ) ; the University of Pennsylvania ; the University of California , San Francisco ; Duke University ; and Yale University .
Despite a longstanding policy on authorship that indirectly prohibited ghostwriting , on July 1 , 2009 , Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine in Baltimore ( ranked second among U.S. medical schools by a U.S. News survey ) explicitly banned the act as part of a larger policy on interaction with industry .
" The policy was developed for many reasons , " explains Julie Gottlieb , associate dean of policy coordination .
" But our main concern was the role of industry in academic medicine — its effects on research and the education and clinical care we provide .
Ghostwriting is an issue that has cut across these missions to some extent , largely in the area of research .
I think the overwhelming feeling is that it's not in accord with standards of professional practice — in research , education or clinical care — to put your name to something that you had no role in writing . "
An allegation of ghostwriting at Johns Hopkins spurs an intense review process , which can lead to serious consequences depending on the findings .
Provisions for addressing ghostwriting ban violations are outlined in their policy .
Harvard Medical School has long prohibited faculty members from engaging in ghostwriting through authorship policies , which state that everyone who is listed as an author should have made a substantial , direct , intellectual contribution to the work , and that honorary or guest authorship is not acceptable — is even deplorable .
Yet ghostwriting is not explicitly banned .
For the majority of academic medical centers that lack a policy ( New York University , Brown University and Baylor College of Medicine , to name a few ) Lacasse and Leo outlined basic steps toward developing , implementing and enforcing one in their article .
" The main goal of the proposal was to reduce the prevalence of ghostwriting , " Lacasse explains .
" Why would it stop if there were n't some repercussions ? "
Lacasse and Leo suggest that a strict ban be enacted by the deans of academic medical centers following a period of amnesty spanning the remaining months of the 2009 – 10 academic year , after which any scientist who violates the ban should be deemed guilty of academic misconduct .
Lacasse and Leo even recommend that scientists who have participated in ghostwriting in the past should confess , and that their ghostwritten papers be reevaluated and even retracted if appropriate .
It is unclear what incentives would exist for scientists to come clean .
" We 're arguing for a change in culture where it 's a very negative thing to have been involved in ghostwriting , " Lacasse says .
And whereas their proposal for the ban starts with the deans , Lacasse and Leo say they would love to see a task force within the National Institutes of Health ( NIH ) , the world 's largest biomedical research funder , according to a 2008 article published in BMC Genomics .
" Many people who 've participated in ghostwriting are recipients of NIH grants , " Leo says .
While NIH policy does not use the term " ghostwriting , " federal regulations on research misconduct such as plagiarism and fabrication could be applicable to ghostwriting , according to an NIH spokesperson .
In a recent interview on C–SPAN's " Newsmakers " program , NIH Director Francis Collins announced that the agency would issue a " proposed rule " early this year that will require pharmaceutical companies to publicly disclose financial relationships with NIH - funded scientists .
" I was shocked by that revelation — that people would allow their names to be used on articles they did not write , that were written for them , particularly by companies that have something to gain by the way the data is presented … .
If we want to have the integrity of science preserved , that 's not the way to do it , " Collins said in the December 21 interview .
NIH is currently drafting a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking , which could introduce revisions and enhancements to the current regulations , according to a spokesperson .
The notice will be posted for public comment as NIH develops the final rule , which is anticipated in summer or fall of 2010 .
Lacasse and Leo plan to follow up on their proposal at the beginning of the 2010 academic year , and hope to see evidence of a culture change .
Lacasse says most nonmedical academics are astonished that ghostwriting occurs .
" Try explaining to a history prof that on the other side of campus a prof is getting credit for work he did n't do ! "
Construction of single - family homes near Luke Air Force Base should n't happen under a settlement reached Tuesday among state and county officials .
The agreement ends several years of fighting between the Attorney General 's Office and the Maricopa County Board of Supervisors over potential residential encroachment .
Details of the agreement
That is important to the state , which sees Luke as a logical training base for the F - 35 Lightning II , which replaces the aging F - 16s flown at Luke .
The Air Force base pumps $ 2.1 billion a year into the state 's economy , and Arizona leaders do not want factions warring over residential encroachment , which would make the base less desirable to decision makers as a home for the F - 35 .
County supervisors are expected to approve the settlement - signed by Gov. Jan Brewer and Attorney General Terry Goddard - at a special meeting at the Wigwam Golf Resort and Spa on Thursday .
The settlement requires a county ordinance prohibiting development of single - family homes in high - accident and high - noise areas around Luke , Luke Aux 1 and Gila Bend Air Force Auxiliary Field .
The governor said negotiators reached a " very important agreement " that protects Luke and other military installations .
" This will now complete what we have been fighting for for 30 years , and that 's strictly encroachment , " she said .
" It certainly wo n't be the last challenge , as we all are aware , but I 'll stay very diligent in that regard . "
Supervisor Don Stapley , chairman of the county board , called the agreement an effort to protect the public .
" Our hope is that it will protect them - this is a safety issue , a welfare issue , " he said .
" You do n't want people building homes in crash zones in areas that are unsafe . "
Goddard sued the county in August 2008 to stop it from issuing building permits for new homes in Luke 's restricted areas .
The county countersued , asking the courts to strike down as unconstitutional the law that prevented building in those areas .
The county maintained that landowner property rights prevented the denial of building permits in the restricted zones .
In February 2009 , the court ruled in favor of the state , but the battle continued over a narrow strip of land .
Goddard said the settlement is necessary to bring the F - 35 to Luke .
" It 's what the Air Force expects , and I think safety and prudence demands a land - use plan that prohibits residential construction in those areas , " he said .
Contributing to the disagreement and prolonging negotiations was the county 's insistence that the state indemnify it from lawsuits that could arise .
Under the agreement , the state will defend the county as long as the county acts in good faith in denying requests to build within the restricted zone .
Goddard said he believes the ordinance can be defended .
" The governor had to play a role in it , because ultimately . . . the governor is the chief executive who binds the state , saying we will stand there and defend the county if they ever get sued , " Goddard said .
" And so that was the new wrinkle that was necessary to bring everybody to the table . "
A landowner in the disputed noise zones can build there if the landowner had vested property rights before Jan .
1 . Vested rights means the landowner had a building permit or special - use permit and performed substantial construction , invested significantly toward the construction or had a contract to perform that construction under the permit .
Goddard said once it is signed by supervisors , the agreement will settle the lawsuit .
Stephen Zappia had been smoking with Akoteu before the fight at the Blarney Stone hotel .
He said he saw Akoteu allegedly punching Mr Aguiar , as well as other punches being thrown and the tourist falling after possibly being punched by a person he believed was called '' Jacob ' ' .
He heard Akoteu utter the remark , but did not see the alleged stomping .
Mr Zappia said yesterday that as Mr Aguiar lay bleeding , he drove Akoteu and two other men later charged with Mr Aguiar 's murder to Crown Casino '' to make sure no other trouble happened there ' ' .
'' If you were there you would have heard everyone screaming and yelling and people were walking towards them , '' he told the Melbourne Magistrates Court .
Akoteu , 22 , Jacob Palutele , 22 and Sioeli Seau , 19 , are charged with Mr Aguiar 's murder and are facing a contested committal hearing .
Mr Aguiar , who had dual Australian and Canadian citizenship , died in hospital six days after the attack .
Mr Zappia told investigators that as he drove to the casino , one of the three men , whom he identified as ' ' Chris ' ' , told another : '' Did you like my punch , one punch KO ? ''
Akoteu allegedly said : '' I do n't have a mark on me . ''
Katherine Nguyen , a friend of Akoteu's , had asked Akoteu to come to the Blarney Stone that day .
He had previously been her boyfriend for a week , but she broke up with him because he had children .
By the time Akoteu arrived at the pub , Ms Nguyen had bumped into Mr Aguiar and begun drinking with him .
The pair had met earlier at a nearby cafe when Mr Aguiar asked for directions to a local bar , which he left for the Blarney Stone because he did not like the atmosphere .
Soon , Akoteu began stealing her drinks , the court heard .
'' He was jealous because I was talking to Cain .
He thought that I was his girl , '' Ms Nguyen said . ''…
He [ Akoteu ] said ' I 'm not afraid to shank him ' .
This expression means to me that he was going to stab him or assault him [ Mr Aguiar ] .
I then told him to f--- off . ''
Ms Nguyen went to a nearby ATM and rushed back when she heard a commotion .
She said she saw Akoteu and two others fighting with Mr Aguiar and the pub bouncer , who had stepped in to break up the fight .
Ms Nguyen said she saw Akoteu punch Mr Aguiar on the right side of his face .
Another man then allegedly punched him on the left side .
She said she saw Mr Aguiar being punched a third time on the front of his face before he fell backwards , but was unsure who threw the punch .
'' I heard the crack of his head hitting the ground , '' Ms Nguyen said .
'' I clearly saw Fossy stomp on his head …
He was helpless to defend himself . ''
The hearing continues .
Islamabad , Pakistan ( CNN ) --
A blast targeting a bus filled with Shiite religious observers in Karachi killed at least 12 people and another explosion in front of a hospital where attack victims were being treated killed six more Friday , a government official said .
Motorcycles were used in both assaults , police said , and they came during the Shiite observance of Arbaeen , a commemoration that takes place 40 days after the anniversary of Iman Hussein 's death , which is also known as Ashura .
Sindh provincial health minister , Dr. Saghir Ahmed said that along with the 12 dead , 30 people were injured in the first blast .
The second blast happened in front of the emergency room at Jinnah Hospital , where doctors treated people from the first attack and people on stretchers were waiting to be taken in to the crowded facility .
Along with the six slain , five people were wounded .
The last deadly blast in Karachi took place late December during Ashura , when more than 40 people were killed .
SACRAMENTO , Calif .
—A California judge is ordering back pay for more than 50,000 state workers he ruled were illegally furloughed by Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger .
Alameda County Superior Court Judge Frank Roesch on Thursday ordered the state to pay all employees who work in nearly 70 departments their full salaries .
He also ordered an end to the three - day - a - month furloughs .
The order applies only to workers in departments that are not funded through the state 's general fund .
Schwarzenegger spokesman Aaron McLear said the administration will appeal .
State employee unions and others have filed more than 20 lawsuits challenging the furloughs , which were implemented last year to help California address its budget crisis .
© Copyright 2010 Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
Websites Design / Development
We develop websites with W3C standards for flawless cross browser compatibility , making your site accessible from all devices such as mobile phones .
This keeps your website search engine friendly and fast loading with any internet connection making the end user experience positive .
Our web designs are clean and simple with the best possible experience for the end user making the interface easy to understand and use .
G13 Media can design and build a solution that will work for you and your clients .
We 've all been around computers long enough to know that upgrading a graphics card is an easy job .
Yes , opening up the computer case and swapping cards may look like open heart surgery to those unfamiliar with the procedure , which is why so " experts " who handle this sort of thing for non-savvy gamers can command such a high fee .
But , to paraphrase Les Grossman , a nutless monkey could do the job .
See ?
The video above was a stunt by AMD to prove just how easy it really is ( obviously in an effort to convince people to go out and upgrade to a new DirectX 11 Radeon card ) .
Of course , it 's not exactly monkey see , monkey do for the process , so here 's a more helpful video for those seeking the true tutorial .
Current TNA color analyst
Taz was the guest on the excellent " Between The Ropes " radio show in Orlando , Florida last night , and the outspoken native of Brooklyn , New York did not disappoint .
Taz has been very honest and open about WWE and WWE Chairman Vince McMahon 's handling of the decision to discontinue the ECW brand .
In a Facebook blog , Taz praised McMahon 's love for the history of pro wrestling , and wrote about how confused he was that McMahon would simply discard the three letters " ECW " with so little fanfare .
In the interview with Brian Fritz on " Between The Ropes , " Taz elaborated about the demise of the brand letters that brought him to prominence in the 1990's , commenting that it was a passionate group of individuals who had been recruited by and developed by a genius named Paul Heyman who carried the banner " ECW " for several years .
Taz says it better than I ever could recap .
Here 's the words from the man himself :
" Most true pro wrestling fans or purists will not remember ECW for being on Syfy , but ECW from the gritty days .
That 's what ECW is going to be remembered for .
That 's no disrespect for the ECW that are in WWE .
It 's no disrespect to WWE .
ECW was re-created in WWE 's vision and now that it 's dead and buried , people will remember ECW as a bunch of guys that nobody really wanted and Paul Heyman was a genius for using that as a motivation .
There were times when our checks would n't clear and we 'd still go out there and give 150 percent .
That 's good leadership , or we were a bunch of marks ... one or the other .
I like to go with it was good motivation . "
While praising Heyman 's leadership , which many have compared to that of a brilliant cult leader , Taz offered his take on working as a commentator for Vince McMahon .
" It 's his show .
I get that .
It 's cool , " Taz said .
" But why pay me all the money you pay me when you can get anyone who can understand English and speak it - which you can argue I 'm not really speaking English either .
I 've even said it to Vince McMahon , ' You 're getting all over me about something , but you can hire anyone to sit there and repeat what you say . '
It 's very hard to be creative and it's hard to be a performer and entertainer and have your own instincts in WWE . "
The entire program , which is broadcast on 1080 AM - ESPN Radio Orlando , is available here : http://www.betweentheropes.com/content/view/1423/ and is highly recommended .
Taz made a fantastic guest , and offered a rare look behind the scenes at the different motivations performers have been exposed to while working for McMahon and Heyman .
From the perspective of the former ECW headliner who went on to become the best color commentator in WWE , it 's a fascinating opinion from a person who worked closely with both men .
Ukip MEP Nigel Farage told Herman Van Rompuy , the president of the EU , he had " all the charisma of a damp rag and the appearance of a low - grade bank clerk " in the European parliament yesterday .
Farage , the former leader of the UK Independence party , also dismissed Van Rompuy 's homeland , Belgium , as a " non-country " .
As well as attacking Van Rompuy 's appearance , personality and home nation , Farage also criticised the president 's pay packet and accused him of plotting the overthrow of the nation state .
Van Rompuy , who had just made his first speech to MEPs since being appointed by EU leaders to the newly - created top job , sat in amazement and obvious discomfort as the tirade went on .
Other MEPs in the less - than - full chamber gasped as Farage spoke .
Afterwards the Socialist leader in the parliament , Germany 's Martin Schulz , condemned Farage for " trampling on the dignity of the house " .
And Van Rompuy responded that he held Farage 's remarks " in contempt " , and refused to say more .
Farage – who is challenging the Speaker of the Commons , John Bercow , in Buckingham at the general election – declared : " We were told that when we had a president , we 'd see a giant global political figure , a man who would be the political leader for 500 million people , the man that would represent all of us all of us on the world stage , the man whose job was so important that of course you 're paid more than President [ Barack ] Obama . "
He continued : " Well , I 'm afraid what we got was you ... I do n't want to be rude but , really , you have the charisma of a damp rag and the appearance of a low - grade bank clerk and the question I want to ask is : ' Who are you ?
I 'd never heard of you .
Nobody in Europe had ever heard of you . ' "
Farage went on : " I can speak on behalf of the majority of British people in saying that we do n't know you , we do n't want you , and the sooner you are put out to grass , the better . "
The former Ukip leader told Van Rompuy : " I have no doubt that your intention is to be the quiet assassin of European democracy and of European nation states . "
That , added Farage , was probably because Van Rompuy came from " pretty much a non-country " so had no interest in the nation state .
Van Rompuy , 62 , was the surprise compromise choice as the new president of the council – a role created by the Lisbon treaty and one which some thought should and would go to Tony Blair as an internationally - recognised new face for the EU .
Van Rompuy , the former Belgian prime minister , was credited with turning his country 's fortunes around last year .
He made clear he would not be a " globe - trotting " leader of the EU , considering himself more a " chairman " of the EU 's council of national governments .
The centre - right politician quietly enjoys his nickname as the " grey mouse " and is known for writing haiku poetry .
Given a final say in the form of a right of reply after Farage and other – friendlier – MEPs had commented on his speech , Van Rompuy remarked : " There was one contribution that I can only hold in contempt , but I 'm not going to comment further . "
VANCOUVER , British Columbia 
While the Vancouver Olympics have generally stayed within budget , the security costs have risen far beyond initial estimates of $ 175 million Canadian , or $ 167.5 million American , with the final tally widely expected to go beyond $ 1 billion Canadian .
Not included in that total are the costs for stepped - up operations and special security programs in the United States to deal with any contingency needs for Vancouver , which is less than an hour ’s drive north of the international border .
The result is a police and military presence so vast that some people now worry less about security at the Games than the prospect that Canada ’s law enforcement community and its military , which has 2,830 troops in Afghanistan , may be stretched to their limits .
About 20 percent of Canada ’s entire policing capacity has descended on the Olympics .
In all , 6,000 officers , pulled from 118 police departments across the country , patrol the Olympic sites , in addition to the 1,327 members of the Vancouver Police Department who are responsible for the surrounding streets .
And another 4,500 members of the Canadian armed forces are patrolling the mountains , air and sea while living in a dozen specially constructed camps .
How the Democrats may solve their health - care problem
There is no question that Democrats have looked weak in responding to the Massachusetts election .
The notion that they would just shelve health care after all they have put into it -- the message they have gotten across , even if that ’s not exactly what they have all been saying -- paints a portrait of a party that , to say the least , lacks persistence and conviction .
But there is a good reason behind all the confusion .
The core problem is that the House Democrats no longer trust the Senate Democrats .
And let ’s be honest :
There is no reason in the world for House Democrats to trust the Senate Democrats at this point , or even to feel very kindly disposed toward them .
That ’s why there is resistance in the House to the most straightforward solution , which is for the House to pass the Senate health - care bill and send it to the president , and then to use the reconciliation process ( which requires only 51 votes in the Senate ) to pass the changes in the bill that House and Senate negotiators have agreed to -- or , at least , as many of those changes as is procedurally possible .
They ca n’t get all the changes into law that way , but they could get a lot of them .
The catch is that the House Democrats do n’t believe the Senate Democrats will necessarily keep their word and pass the reconciliation bill containing the amendments .
And it ’s not only the question of trust : anyone who has watched the Senate for the last year can be forgiven for wondering if it is even functional enough ( given Republican obstruction and a lack of cohesion in the Democratic caucus ) to keep a promise sincerely made .
So here ’s an idea , I have been told reliably , that leaders of both Houses are considering :
The House would pass a version of the reconciliation bill containing the various amendments and send it to the Senate .
The Senate would change it slightly ( in ways that the House agreed to ) , which would require the House to vote on it again .
Only after it got the revised reconciliation bill would the House take up the Senate bill .
The House could then pass both bills and send both to the president .
Problem solved , health - care passes , and we move on .
Not all the difficulties with this scenario have been worked through , and it is not a slam dunk .
For one thing , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi faces a revolt on her left against passing the Senate bill without changes .
Some may still have to be persuaded to make sure it gets the votes it needs .
There are also some House Democrats from moderate - to - conservative districts who are wary , after Massachusetts , of voting for a health - care bill , period .
And there are a lot of procedural issues that need to be ironed out .
Nonetheless , for those ( and I ’m one of them ) who believe in health - care reform -- and who think the Democrats would be committing suicide if they gave up on health care now -- it ’s heartening to hear that serious people are making serious efforts to get a health bill through .
In a pinch , I think that enacting the Senate bill into law without changes is far preferable to passing nothing .
But I also understand that there are aspects of the Senate bill to which House members have legitimate objections .
Solving this problem will require Democrats to pull themselves together across many lines of division -- notably between the House and the Senate , and between moderates and liberals .
Can they do it ?
The answer to that question depends in part on leadership from President Obama .
Can he do it ?
* Hopes to improve customer perception with new brand
* Strong competition means customer service is key
* Customer satisfaction could boost Comcast value - Citi
NEW YORK , Feb 8 ( Reuters ) -
If you search for “ Comcast ” on YouTube , the top clip is one of a cable technician fast asleep on a customer ’s sofa while waiting on the phone for a reply from the cable company ’s head office .
Such clips , plus numerous blog posts and Twitter messages that berate Comcast ’s customer service , are the reasons behind a major marketing campaign to rebrand the No. 1 U.S. cable TV service under a new name , Xfinity .
Comcast , which has 23.8 million subscribers , lost more than 600,000 subscribers in 2009 , as competition intensified from the likes of DirecTV Group DTV.O , DISH Network Corp DISH.O , Verizon Communications Inc VZ.N and AT&T Inc T.N .
Comcast CEO Brian Roberts , who has placed customer service at the top of his list of priorities for 2010 , has said the Xfinity brand will initially launch in 11 markets with Comcast ’s advanced digital TV and super - fast Internet service .
“ The adoption rate and utility of our products has been quite high , ” said David Watson , Comcast Cable ’s head of operations .
“ But the core issue has been customers are not necessarily thrilled with the relationship and the Comcast brand . ”
The importance of customer service cannot be underestimated , analysts said , pointing to a strong correlation between customer satisfaction and subscriber growth .
Citigroup analyst Jason Bazinet estimated that a 10 - point improvement in the American Customer Satisfaction Index ( ASCI ) would translate to an increase of 500,000 basic video subscribers for Comcast .
That could in turn boost the company ’s enterprise value -- currently at $ 72 billion -- by $ 1 billion , assuming $ 2,000 per subscriber , Bazinet wrote in a report .
Enterprise value is market capitalization plus debt , minority interest and preferred shares , but excludes cash .
" With more telco fiber on the way , wireless networks with increasing capabilities and the threat of emerging business models -- from firms like Apple Inc AAPL.O -- we believe a renewed focus on customer satisfaction would pay ample dividends for shareholders , " Bazinet said .
But does a new brand guarantee a change in the way customers perceive Comcast ’s service ?
Bazinet points to New York - based Cablevision Systems Corp CVC.N , which successfully introduced its Optimum brand to include all its services in 2003 .
Cablevision " dramatically improved satisfaction over the last five years , " he said .
Verizon ’s FiOS TV also now has nearly 3 million customers after launching less than three years ago .
Even Time Warner Cable Inc TWC.N , which separated from Time Warner Inc TWX.N last March , is having internal discussions about a wholesale name change or new brand for its cable services , according to a person familiar with the talks .
But Allen Adamson , managing director of Landor Associates and author of “ BrandSimple , ” said one risk is that companies confuse customers with multiple names .
Comcast ’s corporate name remains unchanged after the Xfinity launch .
“ Branding is hard in this category because of the weakest link , which is customer service , ” Adamson said .
The challenge will be to ensure the Xfinity brand does n’t become just another cable TV name with all the negative baggage that might entail .
Chris Marangi , a portfolio manager at Gabelli & Co , which owns shares in Comcast and other pay - TV companies , agrees that customer service is a key metric in a competitive market .
“ We do look at it .
Over a long period of time , customer satisfaction should correlate to subscriber stickiness and pricing , ” he said .
“ Xfinity underscores the fact that Comcast is not just a video packaging company anymore but there have to be capabilities that back up the claim and the branding . ”
( Reporting by Yinka Adegoke ; Editing by Derek Caney )
October Edition CANNA INVESTOR
Magazine
Check Out The October Edition of CANNA INVESTOR Magazine
Click Here to Read for FREE
If you ’re planning on flying from any British airport , better get comfortable with the idea of a stranger looking at you naked .
That ’s the new rule which went into effect at airports across the United Kingdom at the beginning of February , even as three dimensional body scanners were just being brought online .
Not even children are exempt .
RELATED : Arrested TSA worker allegedly groped teen girl , asked her to be his ‘ sex slave ’
ADVERTISEMENT
Not all passengers will be affected , however .
British publication Daily Mail noted that the new transportation security rules would only mandate a body scan for a small percentage of passengers .
British Transport Secretary Lord Adonis said in a Feb. 1 , 2010 statement to parliament that a strict code of conduct would govern how nude images of passengers are handled .
However , he contended , “ given the current security threat level , the Government believes it essential to start introducing scanners immediately . ”
“ The Department for Transport has published an interim code of practice for the scanners , ” the Mail reported .
“ The officer operating the machine never sees the image , and the employee viewing the scan must be in another room .
The scan cannot be saved , printed or transmitted .
Passengers can also demand that only officers of their sex see their image . ”
The high - tech body scanners can detect hidden objects , such as explosives , even when they are concealed by clothing , unlike the metal detectors passengers walk through in airports worldwide to access flight gates .
The scanners are already online at the Heathrow and Manchester airports .
A third , Birmingham , will begin using the scanners next month , the Mail added .
ADVERTISEMENT
A prior prohibition against forcing minors to step into the scanners has been removed , the report noted .
The scanners had once been snagged in British laws against child pornography , though the Mail ’s report does not detail how the roadblock was overcome .
“ The image generated by the body scanner cannot be stored or captured nor can security officers viewing the images recognize people , ” the head of Manchester airport ’s customer service told the BBC .
The British Department of Transportation published a Code of Practice for operation of the scanners , available here .
Some selection criteria were not published , The Register noted , because it details allegedly “ sensitive ” security information .
ADVERTISEMENT
In the United States , 19 airports already use body scanners and more are expected to purchase the technology in the wake of a failed bombing attempt aboard a Christmas Day flight into Detroit .
“ The US alone has 450 airports with about 2,000 security lanes , which gives an idea of the potential ” of the market , said Joe Reiss , a spokesman with American Science and Engineering ( ASEI ) , one of the world ’s four leading makers of full - body scanners , in an interview with AFP .
ADVERTISEMENT
The other manufacturers are two US companies , L - 3 Communications and Rapiscan Systems , a unit of OSI Systems , and British rival Smiths Detection .
Shares in all the body scanner manufacturers world wide skyrocketed following the failed Christmas Day bombing attempt .
With AFP .
My friend and co-author Bob Bosch was awarded First Prize in the Mathematical Art Exhibition held by the American Mathematical Society .
This work was based on the Traveling Salesman Problem :
He describes his work in the exhibition catalog : “ I began by converting a drawing of a two - component link into a symmetric collection of points .
By treating the points as the cities of a Traveling Salesman Problem and adding constraints that forced the salesman ’s tour to be symmetric , I constructed a symmetric simple - closed curve that divides the plane into two pieces : inside and outside .
With a water jet cutter , I cut along this Jordan curve through quarter - inch thick , six - inch diameter disks of steel and brass .
By swapping inside pieces I obtained two copies of the sculpture .
Here , steel is inside and brass is outside …
After I get an idea for a piece , I translate the idea into a mathematical optimization problem .
I then solve the problem , render the solution , and see if I ’m pleased with the result .
If I am , I stop .
If not , I revise the mathematical optimization problem , solve it , render its solution , and examine it .
Often , I need to go through many iterations to end up with a piece that pleases me .
I do this out of a love of mathematical optimization –the theory , the algorithms , the numerous applications . ”
If you have a spare hour or two , be sure to check out the complete exhibition .
Hmmm ..
I have had some thoughts about translating my baseball schedules into Lego .
I wonder if that could compete ?
Maybe not .
I am the proud owner of two Boschs : I received a copy of a domino portrait of myself ( I periodically use the portrait as my photo ) .
I also have a spectacular traveling salesman art based on work by Warhol .
If you visit my office , I have placed it so it is seen at the end of a long hallway .
It is a conversation piece for all the hallway residents .
You can get your own Bosch at Domino Artwork .
There are also instructions for teachers who want to make a domino portrait of Barack Obama , Abe Lincoln , Martin Luther King , and others as classroom projects .
Thanks to Twitter ’s @wjcook ( Georgia Tech ’s TSP guru Bill Cook ) for the pointer .
News , views and top stories in your inbox .
Do n't miss our must - read newsletter Sign up Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
When paratrooper Alistair Hodgson was blown up by ­terrorists he begged a friend to put him out of his misery .
“ One leg was gone , the other was just mashed up bone held together with nerves and veins , ” he says .
“ When the first guy got to me I said , ‘ Just shoot me .
You ca n’t leave me like this ’.
“ He told me to f*** off and thank God he did .
He fetched a paramedic for me , put on tourniquets and saved my life . ”
That was 17 years ago on the streets of Northern Ireland .
Today Alistair is the British National Freestyle Skydiving ­Champion and in August will make a bid for the world title , ­competing on an equal basis with the able - bodied .
And his tale of triumph against the ­harshest of adversity is one he hopes will inspire those young men returning limbless from Afghanistan , who find themselves in the same position he was in – driven men who are left with nothing to aim for .
Alistair , 39 , says : “ I see news footage of guys coming back from war just as mashed up as me .
Everyone says , ‘ Oh , that ’s dreadful ’ , but then they forget all about them .
“ Those guys are left to get on with the rest of their lives , often with hardly any compensation and living on benefits , pretty much on the breadline and without any kind of career .
“ They ’ve fought to look after their ­country and , just when they need it , their country does n’t do much to look after them .
They were once fit and strong , but it ’s all been taken away .
“ It ’s so hard .
But you have to ­rehabilitate yourself , find a focus … something to hold on to .
If I can inspire just one other person to lift themselves out of that same dark place I was in – train for the Paralympics in 2012 or something , then it ’s worth it .
“ There was a time I thought my life was over and I still have very dark times when it ’s difficult to deal with .
Sometimes people poke fun at me or I catch sight of myself in a mirror and think , ‘ You ’re in a hell of a mess ’ .
" But when I ’m in the air it ’s like it never happened .
I can ­compete at a world level – alongside people who have all their limbs – and have found a way to fly . ”
It ’s not what Alistair expected to be doing with his life .
At 19 he dropped out of college and joined the Army to become a member of the elite Parachute Regiment .
He had been stationed in Northern Ireland for just eight weeks when he came across an IRA booby trap while searching for a weapons cache .
The 21 - year - old private took the full force of the blast .
His list of injuries were horrific – indeed each of them would have been enough to kill him if it had n’t been for the doctors who ­battled to keep him alive .
His left leg was blown off below the knee and his right was so badly damaged it later had to be amputated just under his hip .
His belly had been torn open , an arm broken , tendons severed on his left arm , and his pelvis shattered in 18 places .
He needed 52 pints of blood to be kept alive , had to have his gall blader removed and contracted bacterial meningitis through an open wound in his spine .
The once strapping six - footer , capable of running 33 miles ­carrying a 50 lb pack and a grenade launcher , woke up in hospital to find he was disabled .
After a series of life - saving operations and skin grafts he was sent to Headley Court in Surrey – the Services rehabilitation centre – where over four months he was taught how to use prosthetic limbs and deal with the daily tasks the rest of us take for granted .
­Understandably , he could n’t wait to leave .
Alistair says : “ I did n’t mind the ­physiotherapy but the occupational ­therapy was just not for me .
“ There was I – someone who ’d been a tough , strong paratrooper – being taught how to basket weave or varnish a box .
I could n’t wait to get out and see what I could still do .
“ Once I left there was no - one to stop me so I bought myself a ­kayak and went into the Lake District with it .
“ I went fell - ­walking , running , climbing , jet - skiing , skiing , anything I could .
I spent a year or so ­struggling with ­full - size ­prosthetic legs , but they ’re not much use when you want to do sport so I changed to ‘ stubbies ’ , a kind of plastic tube with rubber soles which attach to my stumps and let me get around pretty well , like I was walking on my knees .
I can even get up a climbing wall with these on . ”
In 2000 Alistair did his first skydive , strapped to an instructor , to raise money for the British Limbless Ex - Servicemen ’s Association .
During his 40 seconds of freefall he well and truly caught the skydiving bug , and in 2001 landed in the record books by becoming Britain ’s first double ­amputee to freefall with the Army ’s Red Devils display team .
He entered his first competition in 2003 and won gold .
In 2005 he qualified as a coach to teach others and a year later married fellow skydiver Pixie in a hot - air balloon over a drop zone in Arizona , leaping out of the basket with her at 5,500 ft – after exchanging rings , of course .
He and Pixie , 40 , now compete together , with Alistair flipping twists while using a video camera to record his wife as she performs aerobatic dance routines they choreograph together .
They have now won two gold medals and a silver between them .
Despite his bravery and achievements Alistair is still stared at in public , pointed at and discussed ­by people who think that losing his legs made him deaf to mockery .
He says : “ It ’s very frustrating ­because they do n’t know anything about me .
That ’s when I ­remember what happened and see ­myself how others must do .
" I think disabled people are more obviously ­discriminated against than any other minority group – no- one points and stares at someone because of their race .
" But skydiving ’s not like that – it ’s a small world .
Everyone knows you and people have never asked about what happened to me .
They ’re more interested in what I can teach them . ”
But Alistair ’s new lease of life does n’t come cheap .
He and Pixie each complete about 700 jumps a year , practicing ­routines and forcing their bodies into bizarre new shapes .
This costs £ 40,000 every year on ­travelling and ­training ­expenses , ­including trips to drop zones around the world with weather good enough for them to train for months at a time .
To earn enough , Alistair coaches in Langar , Notts , but when the weather is too bad to jump , the pair train at the Airkix indoor wind tunnel in Milton Keynes .
In between they live in a ­specially adapted house in Hale , Cumbria .
However , a lack of funding means Alistair can’t train as much as he would like to achieve his dream of clinching the world ­championship .
In spite of this , the couple ’s dedication has paid off , with them winning the British National Freestyle Skydiving Championships two years running and earning a place in the British Parachute ­Association ’s GB team .
In August they ’ll travel with Team GB to Tartarstan in Russia to take part in the world freestyle championships .
That trip will cost another £ 25,000 .
They would be obvious candidates for the 2012 Olympics , except their sport is not recognised by the organisers and Alistair and Pixie , because of his injuries , would have to compete ­separately .
He said : “ I can ­compete with able - bodied people and beat them too .
If it were n’t for the bomb my life would be very ­different .
“ I might not have found skydiving or married Pixie , or maybe I would have been killed .
“ But if I ’m honest I ’m still doing what I ­always ­wanted to do , ­travelling the world competing in sports .
I just do it without my legs .
“ I see what happened to me as just a bit of a hurdle I had to get over first , and I ’m damn glad to still be here . ”
 To sponsor Alistair you can contact Anna Howerski by email on anna@theedge.no
s.boniface@sundaymirror.co.uk
An orchestrated campaign is being waged against climate change science to undermine public acceptance of man-made global warming , environment experts claimed last night .
The attack against scientists supportive of the idea of man-made climate change has grown in ferocity since the leak of thousands of documents on the subject from the University of East Anglia ( UEA ) on the eve of the Copenhagen climate summit last December .
Free-market , anti-climate change think - tanks such as the Atlas Economic Research Foundation in the US and the International Policy Network in the UK have received grants totalling hundreds of thousands of pounds from the multinational energy company ExxonMobil .
Both organisations have funded international seminars pulling together climate change deniers from across the globe .
Many of these critics have broadcast material from the leaked UEA emails to undermine climate change predictions and to highlight errors in claims that the Himalayan glaciers could disappear by 2035 .
Professor Phil Jones , who has temporarily stood down as director of UEA 's climactic research unit , is reported in today 's Sunday Times to have " several times " considered suicide .
He also drew parallels between his case and that of Dr David Kelly , found dead in the wake of the row over the alleged " sexing up " of intelligence in the run-up to the invasion of Iraq .
Professor Jones said he was taking sleeping pills and beta - blockers and had received two death threats in the past week alone .
Climate sceptic bloggers broadcast stories last week casting doubts on scientific data predicting dramatic loss of the Amazon rainforest .
All three stories , picked up by mainstream media , questioned the credibility of the International Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) and the way it does its work .
A new attack on climate science , already dubbed " Seagate " by sceptics , relating to claims that more than half the Netherlands is in danger of being submerged under rising sea levels , is likely to be at the centre of the newest skirmish in coming weeks .
The controversies have shaken the IPCC , whose chairman , Dr Rajendra Pachauri , was subjected to a series of personal attacks on his reputation and lifestyle last week .
A poll this weekend confirmed that public confidence in the climate change consensus has been shaken : one in four Britons – 25 per cent – now say they do not believe in global warming ; previously this figure stood at 15 per cent .
Professor Bob Watson , the chief scientific adviser to the Department for Environment , Food and Rural Affairs ( Defra ) and former chairman of the IPCC , said yesterday that the backlash is the result of a campaign : " It does appear that there 's a concerted effort by a number of sceptics to undermine the credibility of the evidence behind human - induced climate change . "
He added : " I am sure there are some sceptics who may well be funded by the private sector to try to cast uncertainty . "
A complicated web of relationships revolves around a number of right - wing think - tanks around the world that dispute the threats of climate change .
ExxonMobil is a key player behind the scenes , having donated hundreds of thousands of dollars in the past few years to climate change sceptics .
The Atlas Foundation , created by the late Sir Anthony Fisher ( founder of the Institute of Economic Affairs ) , received more than $ 100,000 in 2008 from ExxonMobil , according to the oil company 's reports .
Atlas has supported more than 30 other foreign think - tanks that espouse climate change scepticism , and co-sponsored a meeting of the world 's leading climate sceptics in New York last March .
Called " Global Warming : Was It Ever Really a Crisis ? " , it was organised by the Heartland Institute – a group that described the event as " the world 's largest - ever gathering of global warming sceptics " .
The organisation is another right - wing think - tank to have benefited from funding given by ExxonMobil in recent years .
A large British contingent was present at the event , with speakers including Dr Benny Peiser , from Lord Lawson 's climate sceptic think - tank , the Global Warming Policy Foundation ( GWPF ) ; the botanist David Bellamy ; Julian Morris and Kendra Okonski from the London - based International Policy Network ; the weather forecaster Piers Corbyn ; Christopher Monckton , a former policy adviser to Margaret Thatcher ; and Professor David Henderson , a member of GWPF 's advisory council .
Speakers at the event also included two prominent climate bloggers who associate with Paul Dennis , a 54 - year - old climate researcher at the University of East Anglia who has been questioned by police investigating the theft of climate data .
In a posting on the blog of the climate sceptic Andrew Montford on Friday , Mr Dennis insisted : " I did not leak any files , data , emails or any other material .
I have no idea how the files were released or who was behind it . "
But he confirmed that he had been in email contact with Stephen McIntyre , who runs climateaudit.org – a site that was one of the first to receive an anonymous link to the original leaked data from UEA .
Mr Dennis said he emailed Mr McIntyre to alert him to a " departmental email saying that emails and files were hacked " and that " police had copies of my email correspondence with Steve McIntyre and Jeff Id [ a pseudonym for the climate sceptic Patrick Condon ] .
They said it was because I had sent the emails that they were interviewing me . "
The UEA researcher also has connections with another prominent sceptic , Anthony Watts , with whom he has posted and who spoke beside Mr McIntyre .
Mr Dennis was not available for comment .
Bob Ward , the policy director of the Grantham Research Institute on Climate Change at the London School of Economics , said : " A lot of the climate sceptic arguments are being made by people with demonstrable right - wing ideology which is based on opposition to any environmental regulation of the market , and they are clearly being given money that allows them to disseminate their views more widely than would be the case if they did n't have oil company funding . "
But Dr Richard North , a climate change sceptic and blogger , rejected claims of a conspiracy as " laughable " and denied having any links to vested interests .
" Anybody who knows me knows I 'm a loner .
Nobody tells me what to do or dictates my agenda . "
Liberals do not hold a monopoly on supporting public transportation .
Â Â Thanks to a post on Sprawled Out I learned of an interview by Street Films with conservative author William S. Lind .
Â
Some of his points include :
Auto dominance in the U.S. is not a free market outcome
a free market outcome Liberal transit advocates should not mention reduction of greenhouse gases when talking transit to conservatives
Libertarian anti-transit critics use wrong measurements
“ When you tax one competitor and subsidize the other the subsidized competitor wins . ”
Here is the video ( 3:21 minutes ) :
httpv://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9q9zeJnCx6Q
I often find myself agreeing with fiscal conservatives — and disagreeing with Libertarians .
“ Conservatives And Public Transportation ” Conservatives and Public Transportation ” is a collection of studies originally published between 1997 and 2009 in booklet form by the American Public Transportation Association .
The book includes a previously unpublished report on the activities of the National Surface Transportation Commission , appointed by Congress in 2005 to examine the infrastructure needs of this country .
Weyrich served on the commission and wrote language that strongly supported public transportation for the commission ’s final report .
That language , which had been adopted on a 9 - 3 vote , was excised from the final report .
The studies helped conservatives understand why transit should be an essential part of the conservative agenda : because it enhances national security , promotes economic development , helps maintain conservative values including a sense of community , and provides welfare recipients with access to jobs .
” Â ( Reconnecting America )
More :
“ The Free Congress Foundation has established The Center for Public Transportation under a grant from the Rockefeller Foundation to offer a re-balanced vision of the national transportation system in which rail and highway travel complements each other .
Some journeys will always be more convenient by car .
But Americans should be able to travel from any point in the country to any other point without using a car , if they so choose .
They had that option as recently as the 1950s .
By re-creating it , we can ensure that America is not held hostage by crises in the Middle East or other oil - producing areas .
” Â ( Free Congress Foundation )
Conservative or liberal , there are reasons to support good mass transit .
- Steve Patterson
I have n’t had much time to post anything , but I ’m starting to really make some progress on the pizza front and I wanted to share the recipe of this handmade gluten - free pizza that I ’ve been stuffing myself with for the last month or so :
It was n’t too hard for me to drop most gluten - containing foods or find substitutes , but pizza had always been a particular problem .
Even when ready - made pizzas were available from the frozen food section or Tommy ’s Pizza on Southside , they were typically pretty small compared to my appetite ( and my budget ! )
I knew that if I was going to be able to afford to keep eating gluten free pizza , I was going to have to find a way to make it a lot cheaper .
And while this is n’t quite rice and beans cheap , its quite affordable when you consider how many meals it can provide .
Now let ’s get to the good stuff , something like that deep dish incarnation of the gluten - free pizza :
Ingredients
Gluten Free Pizza Crust
1.25 cups
White sorghum flour
.75 cups
Whole grain brown rice flour
. 25 cups Corn starch
8 ounces Milk
1 tbsp Sugar
1 ounce ( 1 package )
Dry yeast
2 tbsp distilled vinegar
Garlic , pepper , oregano as preferred
Oil for greasing the pan and hands
Gluten Free Pizza Sauce
16 oz ( 1 can ) crushed or diced tomato
6 oz ( 1 can ) tomato paste
Oregano , garlic , pepper , salt , basil , and / or sage as preferred
Gluten Free Pizza Toppings
1/2 lb ground beef
1/2 lb ground sausage
1/3 onion
1/3 bell pepper
6 oz mild cheddar cheese
6 oz mozzarella cheese
1/2 small can olives
1/4 jar mushrooms
Ok , the first thing is to make sure you ’ve got some space for everything .
You ’ll need a medium pot for warming up the sauce , and you ’ll need a large frying pan to brown up all the beef and pork .
The pizza dough is particularly space consuming :
Its not just the large mixing bowl , but you ’ll also need somewhere to roll it on additional flour .
Once the dough is ready , you ’ll also need a greased up surface to put it on – whether this is a brownie pan like my deep dish style , or a more professional pizza stone , or even right on a cookie sheet or square of tin foil .
Cooking the Pizza
Sauces and meats go first
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees …
Start the sauce up by pouring the crushed tomatoes and paste into the medium pot over low or medium heat .
Stir in some oregano , garlic , basil , or pepper if you ’re so inclined .
Vinegar and pepper style hotsauce in the mix is also a great choice if you like a pizza with kick , but do n’t let me or any other person tell you how pizza sauce should taste like .
After a few attempts , you ’ll know what needs to be tweaked for your own preferences .
When the sauce is stirred up and simmering , start up the beef and sausage on a bit higher heat .
If you ’re buying the really cheap ground meats , you ’ll have to drain the pan a few times in this process .
I do n’t mind fat , but you should try to at least keep them dry enough so that they can brown a bit .
So , every few minutes until the beef is completely cooked , continue to chop it up on the pan with like a plastic spatula .
Basically , keep the pieces small and sort of dry .
What ’s actually really important , is to not add any salt to the meats until they ’re already cooked through .
I read a very good experiment on this at Reddit and my own experiences confirm it – so you ’ll have to trust me here or ask someone who saved it to post the link .
Do n’t forget though , no hotsauce on the beef & sausage until they ’re already browned !
Making the pizza dough
Pour the 2 1/4 cups of flour and starch into a big mixing bowl .
I usually also add in some fairly generous amounts of garlic , salt , ( red ) pepper , and oregano .
Not a whole lot , but just enough to put some coloration and flavor in between the otherwise whitish flours .
Now pour a cup of milk ( 8 oz ) into a large coffee mug or something you can heat up in the microwave for a little bit less than a minute .
When the milk is warm ( not hot ! ) , stir in the spoonful of sugar and the package of yeast .
In a short while you ’ll see some bubbles popping up and that is when you can add the milky mix and two tablespoons of distilled vinegar to your flour and spices mixture .
Stir this up as good as you can , making sure to pick up the flour at the bottom of the bowl often and get as much as you can into the ball of dough .
If you let too much flour sit dry , the mix will be too slimy to work with , so the ratios are pretty important to keep constant here .
Try to not spill or leave flour dry , it can be hard to try to add stuff later as compensation .
Now , you do need to put some dry flour on a dry non -stick surface ( like a plate or aluminum foil ) .
Do n’t get this wet , and put it off to the side for now .
A little later you ’ll need this for the dough , and by that point your hands are going to be too greasy to work with dry flour .
At this point , you ’re definitely going to get greasy .
In fact , that ’s the secret to this whole procedure .
Before you touch that gooey mix of gluten free pizza dough , you need to literally coat your hands in some kind of cooking oil .
Olive oil is too powerful of a flavor ( and too expensive ) so I ’m using a much cheaper blend of various oils from SmartChoice right now .
Basically , the cheapest big bottle that was n’t pure canola .
In addition to your hands , you ’ll also want to grease up a pan or pizza sheet .
Drop a bit of oil right on to the cooking surface and use a napkin or paper towel to spread it around evenly .
You do n’t want any puddles to develop , but you do have to make sure that a complete layer is over the entire surface .
Now that your hands and pans are really greasy , you can finally pick up the pizza dough and start to play with it .
Do n’t grab it directly , but try to pour it out into your hand and lightly guide it into the shape of a ball .
Whatever you do , do n’t put a lot of force into it or let it sit on one part of your hands for too long !
Move it around a bit , throw it from one hand to the other .
Its not going to disc out like a glutenous pizza dough , but you can get a pretty good sphere going if you keep it moving .
Once you ’ve got a dough ball , dust the exterior with some of that dry flour you set aside earlier .
( I hope you remembered to do that before getting everything greasy ! )
Roll the dough over the dry flour – just enough to get a light inactive layer on the outside of the soon - to - be crust .
Now you ’ve got a gluten free pizza crust you can really work with .
Either lay it across the bottom of a brownie pan like I typically do , or just shape it around like a circle , or whatever .
Just remember to pinch the dough at the edges a little bit and the yeast will take care of the rest of the rising effect .
Pizza Toppings
At this point in time the crust is ready , the sauce is cooked , and the beef & sausage mixture is probably smelling delicious .
Because of this situation , the actual toppings that go on the pizza are as much a matter of patience as they are preference .
Chopping is a pain , but really small onions and peppers will really pay off in the taste experience .
Its best to keep these under the cheese while cooking , so you can stir them into the sauce or put them on top immediately after you spoon the tomato sauce on to the crust .
Mushrooms and olives are a bit more heat resistant , so they can be mixed in to the cheese or placed on top with the beef .
Of course , if there is a lot of beef and sausage , you might need to put some of it under the cheese as well .
Luckily , the deep dish pizza can tolerate a whole lot of delicious toppings !
Once you shape the dough , spoon the sauce on top , add the onions , peppers , cheese , mushrooms , beef , and / or olives ( in that order ) , all that ’s left to do is pop the pizza in to your preheated ( 400 degrees ! ) oven for about 30 or 35 minutes depending on depth .
Then :
Even though we did n’t stire any oil directly to the crust mixture , its still a pretty greasy and messy product when you consider the greasy hands and pans that held it !
Yummm …
Of course , its absolutely delicious as well , and it delivers 10 - 12 slices like the one in the picture above .
I would n’t call that a “ light ” meal , but its definitely pretty filling without going to the point of feeling overstuffed .
Price :
The flour is about $ 2.50 , the meats are about $ 2.50 , the veggies are another $ 2 - 3 , and the sauce costs about $ 1.25 .
All together , this is a pretty big pizza for around $ 10 .
Preparing a crust can take anywhere from five minutes to thirty – and it seems to get easier over time unless you ’re trying to make different textures or make due with an imperfect selection of ingredients .
All together , the whole thing can be prepared in thirty minutes and cooked in another thirty .
Once I realized that I was never more than one hour from a fresh pizza , I have n’t really been able to eat anything else …
Be warned … then eat up and enjoy !
Yesterday we saw the Samsung Wave from afar , today we get our first close look at Samsung 's first Bada - powered handset .
The Wave is indeed the S8500 , the first handset to receive Bluetooth SIG certification for the new Bluetooth 3.0 standard .
Advertisement
Ironically , Bluetooth was left out of the list of leaked specs but we will presume that Bluetooth 2.0 and possibly 3.0 is on board .
Besides Bluetooth , the Wave will offer a 3.3 inch AMOLED capacitive touchscreen display , five megapixel camera with autofocus and flash , 720 p video , DivX support , 2GB internal memory with microSD expansion , HSDPA connectivity , Wi-Fi , 1 GHz processor , 3.5 m m headphone jack , aluminum body , 1500 mAh battery , and the Bada OS with Touchwiz 3.0 .
The Wave has the typical appearance of a Samsung phone with two flush front buttons , a triangular four way navigational button , triangular camera and flash , and brushed metal accents .
Other than the performance of the Bada OS , which will have to wait until the first hands - on video is released , all that is left to find out about this handset is its launch date and geographic availability , a not so trivial fact we hope is announced when Samsung officially unveils this handset next week at MWC .
[ DailyMobile.se ]
Advertisement
BGR features the latest tech news , mobile - related content and of course , exclusive scoops .
One of the most recent Internet meme trends has been to launch a site of ridiculous , funny , or awkward photos of things and people that are otherwise found in everyday life .
You 're probably familiar with some of them : People of Walmart , LATFH , Awkward Family Photos , Regretsy , and so on .
Usually these sites become so virally popular that they end up getting book deals , but that 's not the case for one such site .
Awkward Stock Photos , a site that featured some of the more questionable pictures found in stock photo databases , received a DMCA notice for the contents of its entire site , despite the fact that it removed no watermarks , linked back to the original stock photo page , and made no money off the venture .
Awkward Stock Photos ( ASP ) was originally born on Facebook as a give - and - take between Mark Hauge and his friends , who encouraged him to start a blog .
Once he finally bit the bullet and signed up with Tumblr , ASP became an immediate hit , and Hauge started receiving hundreds of submissions from readers .
An Ars reader and graphic designer himself , Hauge was familiar with how finicky some companies can be , so he made sure to try and cover his bases .
Or so he thought : " I made sure to only use watermarked photos that I downloaded and re-uploaded to Tumblr ( so I was n't hotlinking ) and then linked them back to their original source , " he told Ars .
" [ I ] just thought in general that I would be ok with what I was doing , " Hauge said .
" After the rise in popularity , I also considered implementing ads , but then decided against it because this was about the hilarious photos and the community around it , not making money . "
Hauge added that he even got comments saying that people had bought stock photos from the linked sites as a result of ASP .
It turns out that iStockPhoto , one of the most common sources for material on ASP , did n't like the free advertising , though .
It sent a DMCA takedown notice to Tumblr , which passed on the demands to Hauge .
This is despite the fact that the characteristic " iStockPhoto " watermark was never removed from any of the entries and they all linked back to the actual photo on iStockPhoto 's website .
On top of it all , Tumblr insisted that Hauge take down every stock photo on the site — not just those from iStockPhoto — lest Tumblr just shut down the blog altogether .
It 's hard to see why iStockPhoto could possibly have any objection to its wares being highlighted somewhere else on the Internet except that it did n't like being called awkward .
" If our analytics have anything to say about it , [ ASP ] has allowed tens of thousands of eyeballs [ to ] get back to see these artists ’ works over the past couple of weeks , " Hauge wrote on the site .
In his e-mail to Ars , he questioned whether taking a screenshot of his computer with an iStockPhoto being displayed would have been allowed , and pointed out that other popular blogs hosted on Tumblr ( notably LATFH ) got their start by using photos without the owner 's permission , " but they were likely taken from peoples ' Facebook and MySpace accounts and not not some corporate website with a team of lawyers . "
For now , Hauge has decided to comply with the request to take down all of his offerings and , according to another blog post on the site , it 's moving towards text links only in hopes of satisfying iStockPhoto's ( and Tumblr 's ) demands .
This , of course , will reduce the fun in browsing such a site — you mean I have to click through !?— and for nothing more than a dubious DMCA claim .
After all , it certainly does n't seem as if anyone 's copyrights were being violated and , at least in this instance , the photos were being offered for commentary ( one element that could potentially qualify them under Fair Use ) .
It seems we wo n't find out whether this would actually be the case , though .
At least for the time being , Hauge is cooperating with the request , though he had better hope that iStock Photo does n't push back over the text links .
It has happened before with a site called BlockShopper that was bullied into settling with a Chicago law firm over text links on its site — if that happens in this case , Hauge may simply decide that a few laughs are n't worth it anymore and close up shop .
( iStock Photo declined our request to comment on this story . )
It was thought Bin Laden was hiding along the Pakistan - Afghan border The US has had no reliable information on the whereabouts of al - Qaeda leader Osama Bin Laden in years , US Defence Secretary Robert Gates has admitted .
Mr Gates told ABC
News in remarks broadcast on Sunday : " Well , we do n't know for a fact where Osama Bin Laden is .
If we did , we 'd go get him . "
A Taliban detainee in Pakistan told the BBC last week that he had information Bin Laden was in Afghanistan this year .
However , Mr Gates said he could not confirm that information .
When asked by ABC's This Week programme when the US last had any good intelligence on the whereabouts of the al - Qaeda leader , Mr Gates said : " I think it 's been years . "
He could not confirm the details of the Taliban detainee , who claimed to have met Osama Bin Laden numerous times before 9/11 .
The detainee said that in January or February he met a trusted contact who had seen Bin Laden about 15 to 20 days earlier in Afghanistan .
Bin Laden had previously been thought to be on the Pakistan side of the border with Afghanistan .
But the detainee said that militants were avoiding Pakistani territory because of the risk of US drone attacks .
The detainee said Bin Laden was well .
' Safe havens ' Mr Gates ' comments came after US President Barack Obama announced a decision this week to send 30,000 more US troops to Afghanistan .
Bin Laden ' seen in Afghanistan ' Timeline :
The search for Bin Laden
He recalled that the US was fighting there in response to the 9/11 attacks against America by al - Qaeda , and had made the decision to invade " only after the Taliban refused to turn over Osama Bin Laden " .
Mr Obama said al - Qaeda leaders had escaped into Pakistan in 2001 and 2002 and had been able to " retain their safe - havens along the border " .
A recent US Senate report prepared by the Foreign Relations Committee Democratic staff concluded that Bin Laden had been " within our grasp " in Afghanistan in late 2001 .
But it said that at the time , calls for US reinforcements had been rejected , allowing the al - Qaeda leader to " walk unmolested " into Pakistan 's unregulated tribal areas .
Last week , UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown called on Pakistan to do more to find Mr Bin Laden .
" We 've got to ask ourselves why , eight years after September the 11th , nobody has been able to spot or detain or get close to Osama bin Laden , nobody 's been able to get close to [ Ayman al - ] Zawahiri , the number two in al - Qaeda , " he said .
Pakistani Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani responded by saying he did not think Bin Laden was in Pakistan , and that his country had yet to be given any " credible or actionable information " by the US on Bin Laden .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Why did J.D. Salinger spend the last 60 years hiding in a shed writing love notes to teenage girls ?
The writer J. D. Salinger , who died yesterday aged 91 , was as famous for his five decades of stringent reclusiveness as for his best - known novel , The Catcher In The Rye , which was an instant bestseller when it was published in 1951 .
It also marked the beginning of an obsessive withdrawal from the world .
This hermit , who guarded his privacy with a shotgun and guard dogs behind high walls , was equally fierce in protecting his anonymity with squads of lawyers who attempted to block anything intimate being written about him .
He was the ultimate anti-celebrity , refusing interviews and insisting his photograph was removed from the dust - jackets of his books .
Genius , hermit and sexual predator : Novelist J.D.Salinger was also the ultimate anti-celebrity
The only recent photograph of him ( taken many years ago ) is of him wearing a furious face as he fends off an intruding cameraman .
Along with this quest for total seclusion went a predilection for teenage girls - not so much a Lolita syndrome as an urge to discover innocence and then mould it to the shape he wished .
Born in New York on January 1 , 1919 , J.D. ( Jerome David ) Salinger 's early life gave little hint of what he would become , although there were several factors that affected him deeply .
One was the shock of believing he was Jewish and then discovering that he was only half - Jewish - his mother was , in fact , a Catholic .
Another was his doomed first love affair , in 1941 , with the 16 - year - old Oona O'Neill , whom he had wished to marry - she later wed Charlie Chaplin .
Their romance ended when he was called up by the Army in 1942 , after the bombing of Pearl Harbour .
More scarring still , however , were his experiences in World War II , in which he saw numerous comrades killed around him .
He landed on Utah Beach on D - Day and fought all the way to Paris .
There , he met Ernest Hemingway who encouraged his writing .
Still in Europe when the war ended , he was sent to Germany to interrogate Nazis .
There , he fell in love with a girl called Sylvie - later believed to be a former Nazi official - whom he married and , after eight months , divorced .
He later described her as ' an evil woman who bewitched me ' .
He returned to the U.S. and began his writing career with short stories .
Then , in 1951 , he published the novel on which he had been working for ten years .
J.D. Salinger alongside copies of his classic novel The Catcher In The Rye and his volume of short stories Nine Stories
This was The Catcher In The Rye , a tale that captured the essence of teenage angst before anyone knew it existed , and it had instant and lasting success .
So far , it has sold more than 120 million copies worldwide and still regularly tops polls of the most popular novel of all time .
When Mark Chapman shot John Lennon , he was carrying a copy .
Told in the voice of its tall , grey - haired hero , Holden Caulfield , who runs away from boarding school to New York , where he finds everyone ' phoney ' except his adored little sister Phoebe , it spawned a new genre of fiction that remains stupendously popular : the first - person narrative of someone young , neurotic , misunderstood , insecure and vulnerable .
It was an undoubted masterpiece .
But two years after this literary and financial success gave him untold freedom and independence , Salinger headed off to the remote rural town of Cornish , New Hampshire - and the isolation that characterised the rest of his life .
The house he chose stood behind high walls and a screen of trees and was located on a bluff overlooking the Connecticut River valley .
It was reached by a rough road that winds for several miles up a hill .
There was no name on the mailbox at the end of the steep drive leading to the house , and No Trespassing signs hung on several of the trees .
Assassin : John Lennon signs an autograph for crazed fan Mark Chapman
If you would like any of your own content to be featured , or you have problems with any content already featured , please contact : tweakingtrays@gmail.com
PLUS ça change .
Vancouver is still the most liveable city in the world , according to the latest annual index compiled by the Economist Intelligence Unit ( EIU ) .
The Canadian city , which is currently gearing up to host the Winter Olympics , gets 98 points out of 100 , the same as last year
The ranking scores each city from 0 - 100 on 30 factors spread across five areas : stability , health care , culture and environment , education , and infrastructure .
These numbers are then weighted and combined to produce an overall figure .
There are no great changes at the top of the ranking .
Vienna , Melbourne and Toronto still occupy second , third and fourth positions behind Vancouver , and the top ten is still dominated by Canadian and Australian cities , which benefit in particular from perfect scores for health care and education .
These rankings are used by employers assigning hardship allowances as part of expatriate relocation packages .
So you might be surprised by the position of a city such as Detroit , whose image has been rather battered in recent years .
Yet in 40th place , it is considered a more liveable city than both London and New York in 54th and 56th positions .
These two cities , which TimeOut ranks as the two “ greatest ” in the world , are tripped up by their " stability " scores .
" Stability " reflects residents ' fear of terror , crime and conflict , and in this respect no city in the top 50 gets within ten points of New York 's score of 70 .
( Photo credit : Reuters )
Please use your work email address , so we can connect you with your team in Asana .
By signing up , I agree to the Asana Privacy Policy and Terms of Service .
What I 've written here is copyrighted , but I 'm happy for you to quote it elsewhere if you say where you found it .
And you can write to me here .
A Brooklyn man returning from Haiti yesterday strolled through two secure doors at JFK without being stopped , triggering the evacuation of thousands of passengers and grounding all flights at Terminal 8 , officials said .
Jules Paul Bouloute , 57 — who fled Haiti after Tuesday ’s earthquake — became the target of a Transportation Security Administration and Port Authority police manhunt after he was spotted on video - surveillance camera waltzing through an employees - only door , officials said .
He was picked up at his Canarsie home last night and charged with criminal trespass , authorities said .
Bouloute , who was seen wearing a sports jacket and a baseball cap while carrying a bag on security - camera footage , arrived on a flight from Orlando , Fla. , and officials believe he got lost exiting the airport .
The suspect , who is of Haitian descent , somehow managed to get to the Dominican Republic , which borders on Haiti , after the massive tremblor , sources said .
He then flew into Orlando on Friday and stayed there overnight before flying into New York yesterday .
Surveillance footage shows Bouloute passing through the first door , near Gate 5 , at 3:06 p.m. , the sources said .
A minute later , Bouloute allegedly walked past a second restricted - access door .
Then , three minutes after the initial breach , he left the terminal at ground level , according to the sources .
When he walked through the doors , it set off an alarm , which alerted airline officials .
At 3:19 p.m. , security noticed the breach on the footage and called PA cops , who responded within seconds , the sources said .
Dozens of in - and outbound flights were stopped at 3:32 p.m. , and passengers were forced to evacuate the terminal 13 minutes later .
Cops and police dogs searched the area before it was cleared .
Travelers were allowed back in at about 6 p.m. , although it was n’t clear how long it would take to re-screen everyone .
Officials said flights were delayed about two hours .
“ They have to figure out a better way to deal with security breaches , ” fumed Kathryn Allen , 54 , who had already boarded her connecting flight home to Washington .
The security meltdown was similar to one Jan. 3 at Newark Airport when Haisong Jiang , 28 , a Rutgers bio-medical - research grad student , sneaked past a guard and entered a secure area to kiss his girlfriend goodbye .
philip.messing@nypost.com
Europe 's Dying Nightlife Fighting for the Right to Party in Amsterdam
Europe 's nightlife is under threat and Amsterdam is no exception .
Restricted opening hours , rent hikes and increased policing are all serving to dampen the party spirit in the Dutch capital .
But some revellers are fighting back .
Von Reinier Kist
It ’s all plywood , excepting dowels and glue , and measures 20 × 20x24 .
Here ’s the story :
I , presumably like everyone else on this site , have a problem with cheap pressboard furniture .
But I also recognize that not everyone can afford a cherry table or desk .
So I ’ve been experimenting around with different forms of plywood .
Instead of disguising the plywood with stains and veneers and pretending it was something else , I wanted to play up the plywood concept .
The design cost me one $ 18 sheet of plywood .
Not too bad .
Basically , I cut all the individual pieces on a table saw , drilled holes for the dowels with a jig on a drill press , then put it all together .
Everything was glued together using glue made from polystyrene dissolved in acetone .
That ’s it … just packing peanuts and coffee cups dissolved in acetone .
It stinks , but it works really well ( stronger than the wood ) and you get to reuse something that wo n’t break down until it enters the fossil record .
I ’m not sure about a finish yet .
The end grain soaks up everything , immediately .
So a shiny finish is pretty much out .
Plus , I do n’t want anything that will cause problems with the factory plywood glue … any ideas ?
Thanks for reading !
Update : 2/9 The Department of Public Works claims to have the " ghost bike " in storage .
It was removed because the makeshift memorial was a liability on the Bear Cut Bridge .
I was told they removed it with care and attempted to contact the family beforehand .
More details and an official statement from PWD to come .
The Christophe Le Canne memorial was removed from the Bear Cut Bridge today .
I 'm almost certain the Department of Public Works is responsible for this .
Email Esther Calas , Director of the County Public Works and request to know why the ghost bike was removed .
You should also contact James Martincak , PWD Superintendent of the Causeway Division , call ( 305 ) 361-2833 .
I want to know why no one from the cycling community was asked whether this would be a good idea or not , I guess they 'll find out soon enough .
The ghost bike was up for just 15 days .
It was carefully placed there and maintained , it was not abandoned and did not obstruct the path of cyclists , walkers , runners , etc .
If anyone has any information on where the bike is please contact me .
The wreath is also gone hence this was a clearance job and not larceny .
Here 's a photo of the memorial yesterday afternoon Photo taken February 7th , 2010 Photo taken January 24th , 2010
Congregants at Temple Beth
El who had gathered to celebrate the last night of Hanukkah were met by a group of neo -Nazi demonstrators who waved red-and - black swastika flags outside the Reform synagogue in Riverside on Friday evening .
Rabbi Suzanne Singer said she suspects that the demonstration -- the third such protest in recent months at the temple -- was connected to a counter protest held by members of the synagogue last September , when neo - Nazis protested at a day laborer site .
" It 's not that were unconcerned , " she said in an interview today .
" We 're just not going to allow them to dictate how we worship and how we live as Jews . "
Ryan Lester - Wilson , 61 , said he notice the group of less than 12 , but ignored them and went straight inside the temple .
When asked this morning why the temple was targeted , Lester - Wilson was at a loss .
" It 's a temple , " he said .
" They 're Nazis . "
Who could forget the $ 5 billion in Obama administration stimulus money that was going to rapidly create nearly 90,000 green jobs across the country in these tough economic times and make so many thousands of homes all snuggy and warm and energy - efficient these very snowy days ?
Well , a new report due out this morning will show the $ 5 - billion program is so riddled with drafts that so far it 's weatherized only about 9,000 homes .
Based on the initial Obama - Biden program promise that it would create 87,000 new jobs its first year , that would be about 10 jobs for each home weatherized so far .
Makes for pretty crowded doorways .
ABC News reports that the General Accountability Office will declare today that the Energy Department has fallen woefully behind -- about 98.5 % behind -- the 593,000 homes it initially predicted would be weatherized in the Recovery Act 's very first , very chilly year .
( UPDATE 12:22 p.m .
An Energy spokeswoman disputes the independent GAO numbers as outdated and conclusions as inaccurate .
Full statement below . )
The Energy Department is run by Steven Chu , like President Obama a Nobel Prize winner .
You 'll never guess what the federal government blames for the lack of significant progress .
RED tape .
Not duct tape .
Not weatherstripping .
But that infamous RED tape .
In the form of , well , forms .
It seems that the Pelosi - Reid stimulus plan that was so quickly cobbled together and ....
Dynatrace blog
Software intelligence for the enterprise cloud – transform faster and compete more effectively in the digital age .
The Jakarta Post , 9 February 2010
By declaring 2010 to be the International Year of Biodiversity , the United Nations has demonstrated its strong commitment to saving threatened biodiversity around the world .
The fact that the most diverse ecosystem on Earth is the tropics should make us those who live in tropical countries more aware about threats to biodiversity .
Tropical forests contribute to large portions of nature ’s rich diversity , just as coral reefs are a major component of marine biodiversity .
The massive destruction of these species ’ rich ecosystems will lead to a global species extinction crisis .
The question is then could we really save our biodiversity ?
I am pessimistic .
An ecosystem is an integrated living system .
The loss of one species does not only mean that we just lose that species , but also means it is a decline for the ecosystem .
Since humans are part of nature ’s system , the loss will also affect human survival .
The lost biodiversity may have medical importance or act as a biological control .
Habitat degradation is the major driver of extinctions of many tropical species .
In many tropical countries , including Indonesia , deforestation is the major form of habitat loss .
It is predicted that about 2 million hectares of Indonesian forest have vanished every year .
As a consequence , thousands of plants and animals have disappeared .
Some probably have not been identified yet .
It has been long recognized that the main factor of deforestation human population pressures .
Brown and Pearce ( 1994 ) , for example , in their book The Causes of Tropical Deforestation noted that deforestation rates are strongly linked to population growth .
High population density means smaller areas of remaining forest in the tropics .
The problem is not only high growth rates , but also badly distributed inhabitants .
Human population growth indeed affects biodiversity .
However , over - exploitation of natural resources speeds up the disaster .
Mining activities , timber extractions and land clearing for other purposes are main examples of direct impact of human economic activities .
Unfortunately , this condition is not only due to the economic needs of local people , but it is much more related to the greed of industrialization .
In fact , mining activities , for example , do not contribute significantly to local economies .
They usually just cause environmental problems for the locals .
As the magnitude of human influence continues to grow , most tropical forests are predicted to become secondary forests ( see 2006 article by Wright and Muller - Landau in Biotropica , “ The Future of Tropical Forest Species ” ) .
Secondary forests are forests regenerating after clearing ; hence , the species composition is not the original ones .
Primary forests in the tropics , which contain original compositions of plants and animals , are projected to be more restricted to low population density areas , relatively low value agricultural lands and protected areas .
Consequently , we are going to lose more and more biodiversity .
The increase in human density may not be avoided .
However , more controlled population growth as well as managing its distribution is needed in order to save our ecosystems and biodiversity .
Ecosystem degradation means more than just a biodiversity loss , but again this will directly affect human survival on Earth .
We need to make extraordinary efforts to save nature ’s rich diversity .
Biodiversity plays an important role in human life .
It is the source of food and medicine .
Nature ’s diversity also has intrinsic values that provide services for our souls .
Natural relaxation sometimes could provide us with unlimited energy .
This is known as natural healing .
Therefore , there should be strong connections between people and nature .
Biodiversity is our life .
The failure to acknowledge the important of nature biodiversity , or destroying them , is a failure to appreciate life itself .
However , more conservation areas do not always mean more protected species .
There is still illegal hunting and trading of protected species .
We need law enforcement for this .
Besides , it is the time to educate people in order to appreciate biodiversity .
We could start at schools .
Children and teenagers should be taught that biodiversity is important part of life .
I sometimes wonder why we , as Indonesians , lack appreciation for other creatures .
My own experience living in one city in Australia shows me how interesting it is to live together with wild animals .
Birds play in our yards and on the parks .
We just need to sit outside our home to hear them sing and to watch them play .
There are more than dozens of species on our yards .
When the turtle - breeding season comes , we play on the beach , while watching small turtles make their way to the sea .
School kids come and watch and make sure that no predators catch the little turtles .
These are activities that I never experienced even in my village on the Bukit Barisan Range , Sumatra .
Therefore , educating people about the importance of biodiversity is a very important step to saving our remaining biodiversity .
It has to be taught since early years .
We need to keep campaigning about this to the public .
Another important step has to be taken is to decrease the pressure to forest ecosystems .
Wright and Muller - Landau ( 2006 ) offered policy by improving economic opportunity in urban centers , as well as creating more urban centers .
This has to be followed by the quality of urban life throughout the tropics .
If people move to urban centers and have more economic opportunities , the pressures to forest ecosystem may decrease .
They also emphasized that policies which is designed to keep people living around forests have rarely preserved the areas .
Of course this policy needs better regional planning .
Extra ordinary efforts are needed in order to save our environments and biodiversity .
This is for our own future benefits .
If we fail to do actions , we do not have any reason to be optimistic that we could save our biodiversity .
The writer is an ecologist at University of Bengkulu and an Australian Leadership Awards Fellow .
According to a recent survey conducted by the The Conference Board , U.S. households plan to spend , on average , $ 390 on Christmas gifts this year .
That ’s down from last year ’s estimate of $ 418 .
Considering the economic turmoil many Americans faced during 2009 , I ’m not at all displeased with the 6.7 % decline in spending from last year .
Regardless of what the average American spends on Christmas gifts , it ’s exponentially higher than what I ’ll spend .
Over the last few years , my annual Christmas gift giving budget has hovered right around , say , $ 0 .
I do n’t do Christmas gift giving – at least not in the conventional sense .
This has n’t always been the case .
Once I made the decision to sit out the circus some refer to as the “ holiday shopping season , ” I broke the news to my loved ones gently :
“ Do n’t expect nothin ’ , ’ cause you ai n’t gettin ’ nothin’ . ”
Not even the children were spared from this ruling .
Although I love my family and friends dearly , they already have enough stuff .
I ’ve never worried whether they ’d have access to nutritious food , clean water , habitable shelter , or , dare I even say it , decent health care .
They have everything they need .
The last Christmas gift I gave my mother was $ 300 cash .
The year before that was a chicken rotisserie oven and the year before that was a vacuum food sealer .
Only the cash was ever used !
The other gifts are buried , never to be seen again , in one of two rooms specifically designated for crap my mom wo n’t ever use .
And so it went every Christmas until I decided enough is enough .
I ’m wasting my valuable time and money on a fleeting moment of fulfillment for people whose homes are bursting at the seams with stuff they have never and will never use .
I could n’t help but ask myself , how does this type of giving glorify Christ ?
Although most people spend the bulk of the days leading up to Christmas and the day of giving gifts to one another , I have to admit this seems odd .
I ’ve never thought to exchange gifts with my mom , brother , significant other and friends on my dad ’s birthday without getting him anything .
I imagine my dad would ’ve been pretty hurt if he was shut out of his birthday celebration .
Matthew 25:35 - 40 indicates how you can honor Christ on the day that represents
His birthday .
Jesus : “ For I was hungry and you fed me ; I was thirsty and you gave me water ; I was a stranger and you invited me into your homes ; naked and you clothed me ; sick and in prison , and you visited me . ”
The Righteous : “ Sir , when did we ever see you hungry and feed you ?
Or thirsty and give you anything to drink ?
Or a stranger , and help you ?
Or naked , and clothe you ?
When did we ever see you sick or in prison , and visit you ? ”
Jesus :
“ When you did it unto the least of these my brothers you were doing it unto me . ”
5 Less Conventional Ways To Celebrate Christmas
Keeping with that theme , here are 5 less conventional ways to celebrate Christmas :
Drop off items you ’re no longer using to your local Goodwill or Salvation Army .
It wo n’t cost you anything to give away gently used ( or unused ) bread makers , musical instruments , exercise equipment , or whatever else a momentary state of delusion led you to purchase .
If you have n’t used it or sold it in all these years , it ’s highly unlikely you ever will .
Goodwill uses the sales proceeds from donations to fund job training programs and placement services for people facing various employment challenges .
The Salvation Army ’s Adult Rehabilitation Centers are funded 100 % by the profits of their stores .
Sell unused gift cards and donate the cash to your favorite charity .
Plastic Jungle offers up to 85 % of the balance on your unwanted gift cards .
You may also want to try unloading gift cards on Craigslist , eBay , and Swapagift.com .
Not sure which organization is deserving of your spoils ?
Research the efficacy of over 5,400 charities at Charity Navigator .
Maximize the value of a dollar .
Planning an international vacation is n’t the only time the strength of a dollar deserves consideration .
Case in point , for less than the price of many iPhone apps , you can feed 4 Tanzanian children a healthy breakfast by donating $ 1 to GO Campaign .
A $ 5 donation to Feeding America provides 10 bags of groceries for hungry families living in the United States .
Your $ 25 gift to Save the Children will help health workers deliver lifesaving malaria medication to 10 Malawian children .
Give anonymously .
You might know someone who ’s financially struggling to the point they do n’t have enough money to meet their basic needs .
There ’s nothing wrong with wanting to help .
Unfortunately , cash gifts are n’t socially acceptable among many cultures .
Through Giving Anonymously , you can send a gift to a friend without the recipient knowing it came from you .
Facilitate charitable giving .
For the person who has everything – and it seems many of us do – give a charity gift card .
A GiveNow Card from JustGive.org allows the recipient to choose from nearly 1.5 million charitable organizations .
You ’ll pay a $ 5 fee for each gift card mailed , but 97 % of its value will end up in the hands of the charity chosen by the gift recipient .
Three percent goes to cover processing fees which is about what you ’d pay if you used a credit card to donate to any charitable organization .
Not only does it feel good , but you could n’t possibly quantify the investment return charitable giving produces .
What you do this Christmas for someone who is truly suffering could save or substantially enhance the most precious gift many of us too often take for granted : LIFE .
Seam
Reply
Thread
Link
I was thinking the same thing .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
agreed
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
mte
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
It looks like the nude liner is folded over a bit .
Nothing to see here .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Yeah , MTE considering she 's wearing a bodysuit .
Sometimes I really hate people .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
i see bare leg on the left , that is def one pussy lip hanging out
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
no i'm sorry that is labia majora
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
Jesus Holy Christ !
I have never seen a vagina like that before !!!
Designer vagina op gone wrong ???
* is glad her own vagina looks nothing as grotesque as that aberration *
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
lol@ everyone who thought she was a dude
Reply
Thread
Link
Everytime one of my friends makes a " SHE'S A DUDE " comment , I want to bust out my pimp hand . >:|
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
me too bb
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
this sfm , brb fwding all of them this post
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
MTE
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Ugh I know at least 2 people that still think she 's a dude .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
my eyes .....
Reply
Thread
Link
Oh my
Reply
Thread
Link
My eyes !
the goggles ... they do nothing !
Reply
Thread
Link
* THE GOGGLES DO NOTHING ! sorry .
one of my favorite lines ever .
had to correct you ;)
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Up and at them !
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
I did n't even need the Gaga tag to give it away
Reply
Thread
Link
nice cellulite , tranny
Reply
Thread
Link
IMHO , the discoloration is what 's really disturbing .
Needs more pink cooter cream .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
" RESTORES the pink back " ?
it goes away ?
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
not everyone has fake porn vagina .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
Oh ladies :(
How cute that they thought the pin-up girl icon would help cool my burning rage over this product .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Whoever wrote this is nasty , eugh ...
Dat ass , though , woo~
Reply
Thread
Link
Source url is " www.drunkenstepfather.com "
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
That explains it .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
The folks on that site usually are .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
rude
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
rofl
she looks like a midget tbqh
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
she is a midget
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
her worst photoshoot !
lol
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
her pussy is more bearable , tbh .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
lol thank God for these pictures .
I understand why she hides her face .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
lolllll
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
you guys know that she wanted to look like this in this photoshoot on purpose right ?
lmao
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
Why do people keep using this picture to criticize her ?
Was n't her face photoshopped ?
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
this is very rude , leonardjewish
i approve
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Fiercest pussy out there .
Reply
Thread
Link
Clicked due to the QAF gif .
A +
Reply
Thread
Link
Thank chu thank chu
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Totally agreed !!
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
haha ditto !
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
I was like , " Emmett ! * click * "
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Craziest post
Reply
Thread
Link
guess that ends the hermaphrodite rumor
wtf happened to her ass
Reply
Thread
Link
Bad lighting is what happened .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Forest converted to farmland , Matto Grosso , Brazil .
A new study indicates that agricultural trade and urbanization drive deforestation , countering views that rural population growth primarily causes tropical forest loss .
Photo by leoffreitas via Creative Commons / flickr .
Nature Geoscience : Deforestation driven by urban population growth and agricultural trade in the twenty - first century
" Reducing tropical deforestation is at present considered a cost - effective option for mitigating climate change .
Satellite - based estimates of forest loss suggest that urban population growth and urban and international demand for agricultural products are key drivers of deforestation in the tropics . "
Abstract : " Reducing atmospheric carbon emissions from tropical deforestation is at present considered a cost - effective option for mitigating climate change .
However , the forces associated with tropical forest loss are uncertain1 .
Here we use satellite - based estimates of forest loss for 2000 to 2005 ... to assess economic , agricultural and demographic correlates across 41 countries in the humid tropics .
Two methods of analysis -- linear regression and regression tree -- show that forest loss is positively correlated with urban population growth and exports of agricultural products for this time period .
Rural population growth is not associated with forest loss , indicating the importance of urban - based and international demands for agricultural products as drivers of deforestation .
The strong trend in movement of people to cities in the tropics is , counter - intuitively , likely to be associated with greater pressures for clearing tropical forests .
We therefore suggest that policies to reduce deforestation among local , rural populations will not address the main cause of deforestation in the future .
Rather , efforts need to focus on reducing deforestation for industrial - scale , export - oriented agricultural production , concomitant with efforts to increase yields in non-forested lands to satisfy demands for agricultural products . "
also see : AFP : Urban growth , farm exports drive tropical deforestation
also see : MongaBay : Forest conservation via REDD may be ineffective without addressing commodity consumption , trade
Below : From NASA Earth Observatory , World of Change : http://earthobservatory.nasa.gov/Features/WorldOfChange/deforestation.php
She Is Good And She Is Bad , No One Understands
By TK Burton | Lists | February 16 , 2010 |
Life in the post - Twilight world is a bitch .
Is this what we have to look forward to ?
Between the pathetic simpering lip- quivering of Bella Swan and the pathetic “ I just need a man ” idiocy of Valentine ’s Day and He ’s Just Not That Into You , we are seriously lacking in women for our young girls to emulate .
I do n’t have a daughter ( thank fucking God ) , but if I did , I ’d honestly never take her to the movies .
She ’ll end up either whimpering about finding a man to complete her , or flashing her cans in front of Joe Francis .
That ’s what it feels like .
No , I want a woman who kicks ass … literally .
I want a daughter who ’ll punch a guy in the wontons if he even contemplates treating her wrong .
I want a woman like my wife — someone who is smart , acerbic as hell , funny , and takes no shit .
And you ’re just not getting that in movies very often ( although I have high hopes for Hit Girl in the upcoming Kickass ) .
Action movies have historically been pretty embarrassing in their portrayal of women — they whine , they stumble , they inevitably get captured .
It ’s completely unbalanced and pretty stupid , really .
Is it so much to ask for an honest - to - goodness action heroine ?
No , you gotta go back a few years to find that .
I ’m not trying to make a statement about feminism or gender politics in films — I just like to see a woman kick a little ass now and then , same as the fellas do .
The pickins have been slim these last few years , and when movies have tried it , it frequently fails …
* cough * Underworld * cough * .
So with that said , I bring you some of the kick assiest , knock - your - shit - out women to be captured on film in the last few decades .
This is film only , which is why Starbuck and Buffy do n’t make the cut .
Here are The Best Female Action Heroes :
( Honorable Mentions : Princess Leia — Star Wars , Wilma — Big Bad Mama , Yu Shu Lien — Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon , Bonnie Parker — Bonnie and Clyde , Fox — Wanted )
11 . Elastigirl , The Incredibles :
Do yourself a favor and do n’t mess with her family .
She ’s got a wicked right cross , and she can hit you with it from around the corner and down the stairs .
She can fly a plane , fight crime , and show up her super - strong husband .
She does n’t take crap from her kids , so she sure as hell is n’t gonna take it from anyone else .
Plus , she ’s got Holly Hunter ’s accent which … whoo , boy .
10 . Alabama Worley , True Romance :
She stands by her man to the end .
She ’s got a voice like sugar , is absolutely adorable , and is not Florida white trash .
‘ Bama is a little bit vulnerable , but as James Gandolfini ’s hitman learned , do n’t mistake her for some weaksauce country girl , or else you ’ll find yourself with a toilet tank lid where your face should be .
She likes roller coasters , walks on the beach , and shooting people if they threaten her and hers .
9. Zoe Bell , Death Proof :
The case can be made for any of the trio that Stuntman Mike takes a homicidal shine to in Death Proof ( not to mention Cherry Darling from Planet Terror ) , but Zoe Bell gets points for portraying herself , playing Ship ’s Mast on the hood of of a 1970 Dodge Challenger , beating hell out of the bad guy , and pretty much looking like she could beat the hell out of all comers .
8. Trinity , The Matrix : Before the Wachowskis got drunk on their own brainjuice and botched the series , The Matrix was pretty damn impressive .
Much of that was due to relative newcomer Carrie Ann Moss bullet - timing and kung - fu-ing her way through hordes of bad guys .
She loves her man , but she was cracking virtual heads long before he came along .
Really , it can all be summed up in two words :
7. Alice , Resident Evil :
Let ’s pretend the second two movies never happened , OK ?
The first Resident Evil is campy , ballsy fun , and Milla ’s portrayal of the seemingly - delicate , but really dangerous Alice is a big part of it .
She starts off seeming all confused and fragile , and the next thing you know she ’s ripping up zombie hordes with relentless efficiency .
She ’s good with a gun , she will bust up a zombie Doberman without blinking , and she ’ll look good doing it .
6. Zoë Washburne , Serenity : Wash is a good man , but he ’s a lover not a fighter .
Zoe , his lovely bride , is a lover and a fighter .
In fact , she might be the best in the ‘ verse .
Guns , fists , whatever , she will knock you on your ass .
She ’s a soldier to the core — even after the unthinkable happens , she marches on , busting up Reavers like there were prizes inside their heads .
5. Nikita , La Femme Nikita : Forget about Point of No Return .
Nikita is the real deal .
Bridget Fonda managed to make the character seem like a misplaced lovesick romcom character .
Anne Parillaud made her iconic , a brilliant , dangerous woman with nothing to lose and no fear .
Is there anything scarier than an ex-junkie with a bad attitude , pinpoint accuracy and a hair trigger ?
I say no .
4. Samantha Caine , The Long Kiss Goodnight : Samantha , aka Charlie , is one screwed up woman .
She ca n’t remember who she is , she does n’t know how she got to where she is , and apparently she can kill a room full of people with her bare hands .
She ’s a loving mom , a loyal wife , and a borderline sociopath .
I ’m not the only one who finds that immensely appealing , right ?
3. The Bride , Kill Bill Vol .
I & II : The Bride do n’t need no silly gun .
She just needs a good blade and she ’ll cut you something wicked .
She ’s got a thirst for vengeance the likes of which we ’d never really seen before , cutting down everything and everyone in her path .
Sure , she dresses like the Charlie Brown track team , but she also dispatched an entire army of ninja killers and a bunch of badasses dressed as snakes .
What have you done ?
2. Sarah Connor , Terminator 2 : Judgment Day :
She ’s good with a nightstick or a gun .
She ’s faced her fears of Austrian super - robots and melty really super ones , and sure , it made her a little crazy .
But she saved the goddamn world , and then when that got screwed up , she taught her kid to do it .
Linda Hamilton was one of the baddest chicks we ’ve ever seen on film , except of course for …
1. Ellen Ripley , Alien : Ripley .
What ’s left to say that has n’t already been said ?
Ripley taught us all a valuable lesson — when rampaging through an burning space colony filled with murderous space aliens in order to find their gigantic and terrifying queen , it never hurts to bring two guns .
In fact — fuck it , tape two together .
In all seriousness , you want women like Ripley in your life .
She ’s smart and brave and she ’ll destroy everything in her path to protect you .
Even nuke the site from orbit .
It ’s the only way to be sure .
TK Burton is the Editorial Director .
You may email him here or follow him on Twitter .
Louis van Gaal is never normally humble or self - effacing , and the Bayern Munich coach 's comments after his side needed the dodgiest of last - minute winners to beat Fiorentina at home in the Champions League immediately aroused suspicions .
" We have won but we have been a bit lucky , " Van Gaal said .
" Fiorentina played very well , we could not work them out , and the goal we scored at the end was clearly offside . "
At first sight that seems refreshing , an antidote to all the managers who share Arsène Wenger 's blind spot when it comes to contentious incidents or follow the Arsenal manager 's example when he does see something and excoriates the referee for costly mistakes instead of pointing the finger at , say , Sol Campbell or Lukasz Fabianski .
Check the small print , however , and it turns out Van Gaal was speaking in code .
What he really meant was that when you have Tom Henning Ovrebo as your Champions League referee you just have to be thankful when the randomness of his decision - making works in your favour .
Arjen Robben said almost exactly the same thing just as diplomatically when asked about the referee 's performance after the game .
If only everything in life could be as reasonable as Bayern 's Dutchmen .
Unfortunately it cannot , and nor is it as easy to be philosophical when unreasonable decisions have cost you a game .
Here , for example , is what the Fiorentina coach , Cesare Prandelli , had to say about the 2 - 1 defeat in Munich : " We did everything right on the field .
We only failed to double up our marking on the officials .
Three incidents changed the game – Massimo Gobbi 's dismissal , Miroslav Klose not getting sent off and the offside goal . "
Given that Klose should not have been on the pitch when he scored the winner from a ludicrously offside position – like his team - mate Mark van Bommel the German was allowed to get away with a studs - up challenge far worse than the shoulder barge for which Gobbi was sent off – it is tempting to conclude that what actually affected the result more than any other factor was the identity of the official .
It turns out the worst referee Guus Hiddink has ever seen has not been packed off to officiate under - 13s games in his native Norway , as witnesses of last season 's debacle at Stamford Bridge were demanding at the time , but is still running and ruining Champions League matches .
Who was it again who said you get a better standard of refereeing in Europe ?
Oh yes , that short - tempered bloke at Old Trafford , shortly before he changed his mind when Manchester United were beaten at home by Besiktas .
" Deary , deary me , " was how Sir Alex Ferguson reacted to Ovrebo 's latest clanger .
He might have taken the words right out of Wenger 's mouth , for Arsenal certainly did not see refereeing of the required standard at Porto , when they , too , were undermined by a Scandinavian official with previous .
It was possible to feel sorry for Martin Hansson during the Thierry Henry furore – the referee could hardly be blamed for missing the handball first time round and it was not his fault he could not consult a monitor – yet his inept role in the back ‑pass incident gave Wenger every cause for indignation .
There is nothing wrong with an attacking side taking a free - kick quickly to take advantage of position and defensive disarray , but it is not the referee 's job to obtain the ball for them to do so .
Once the referee asks for the ball he needs to ensure both sides are ready before releasing it .
If the ball is already on the floor or in the possession of the attacking side it is a different matter , but Wenger 's complaint was fair .
The referee takes the ball in order to take control , not to facilitate a quick free - kick that is impossible to defend .
While being conscious that Premier League - style demotion of erring officials would leave the Champions League in the hands of a core of referees from leading nations , Uefa nevertheless need to acknowledge the potential for mishap inherent when the best players in the world are sometimes refereed by semi-professionals from quieter football backwaters such as Norway and Sweden .
When not in downright denial – the Uefa website 's otherwise extensive coverage of the week 's action makes no special mention of Ovrebo or Hansson and contains no hint of outrageously poor decisions – the authorities are content to back their referees and let them gain experience on the job .
As a policy this is admirable and painful at the same time , and the knowledge that some of the biggest games in the European calendar are at the mercy of clownish bungling by the men supposedly in charge at least keeps the knockout rounds watchable .
Ferguson makes a good point when he says Ovrebo is under pressure because of what happened last season and clearly in need of a rest , and it may be the case that adverse publicity is making referees nervous and exacerbating the problem , yet given their commitment to all member countries that leaves Uefa in a bit of a fix .
If they strike off Ovrebo , what do they do next ?
Send for the second - best ref in Norway ?
It was announced yesterday that Canadiens GM Bob Gainey is stepping down from his position and will be replaced by assistant GM Pierre Gauthier on an interim basis .
" I believe that the general manager position requires a long - term vision and commitment , and I did not want to make a commitment for four or five or six more years .
" I ’ll believe that Gainey is actually stepping down and he is n’t actually being forced out of his position , but , just for a second , let ’s pretend that Gainey is actually being removed against his will .
Would Bob Gainey ’s dismissal be justified ?
Here are some possible reasons why the Canadiens would fire Gainey .
First , the Canadiens did make the playoffs four out of the five years that Gainey was GM and amassed a record of 241 - 176 - 46 - 7 .
But the team also failed to make it past the second round each year .
Maybe making the post - season is fine in a market like Atlanta , but not in Montreal .
During the regular season over this time period they placed 7th in the East twice , 8th once , 1st once , and 10th in the only year they missed the playoffs .
The first place finish was in 2007 - 2008 and they barely beat a surprising Bruins squad in 7 games and then were absolutely throttled by the Flyers 4 - 1 in a series that doubled as the start of Carey Price ’s fall from Jesus like status in Montreal .
At the time the Canadiens looked like a young team on the rise and certainly started next season ’s centennial year looking that way .
The Habs started 7 - 1 - 1 in October and looked poised to repeat as top seed in the East .
It did n’t happen that way and the team spiraled out of control as they battled a litany of bizarre media stories including the Kostitsyns being connected to the mob .
It got to the point that Alex Kovalev was sent home for a few days ( fed up with the lack of discipline ?
speaking out against the rampant partying ? ) and Guy Carbonneau was eventually fired .
They were subsequently swept in the first round by the Bruins .
Did Gainey do enough to keep his young team in line ?
Or was it the responsibility of the coach ?
Well , Carbo was a veteran of the Montreal party scene when he was a player , so it ’s unlikely he would readily discipline the players for their behaviour .
It 's been suggested to me that Gainey should have Carey Price live with him , just like Sidney Crosby lives with Mario Lemieux ( or at least he did ) .
That would certainly limit Price 's party lifestyle and give him a veteran of the Montreal sports market to help him deal with the pressures of being a young goalie in Montreal .
It 's looking more likely that Price will succumb to the pressures of Montreal and never achieve his full potential as a member of the Habs .
It ’s clear that Gainey cannot be blamed for the disaster of the pseudo - Centennial season ( actually their 99th season of play ) , but it happened on his watch and that 's a negative .
One move botched by Gainey was naming a replacement for Carbonneau .
Gainey replaced Carbonneau with Jacques Martin .
Martin is a defence first style of coach , which does n’t really fit with the fast , attacking style that works well with a young , fast team like the Canadiens are .
Also , Jacques Martin ’s teams have always been playoff underachievers ( one conference final anomaly ) .
I do n’t really understand how coaches like him still find work .
This is n’t the mid-90s .
The trap is over .
Leave hockey , please .
You ’re killing it .
What an impartial paragraph .
If I was a Canadiens fan I would be furious over Martin ’s hiring .
I ’d also be pissed at Gainey ’s free agent signings .
The Canadiens went into this past off - season with a whopping 9 unrestricted free agents .
The three biggest names were Saku Koivu , who was not tendered a contract offer ( likely because Habs management did n’t want him to usurp John Beliveau as longest serving captain in team history ) , Alexei Kovalev , who turned down his contract offer , and Mike Komisarek , who joined the rival Leafs .
Gainey was aggressive during free agency and spent the Canadiens excess cap space unwisely .
Brian Gionta signed for 4 years ( $ 5 million per ) .
That ’s a lot of money for a 31 - year - old with only one season with more than 60 points .
That season being the first post - lockout year where no one was allowed to touch anyone small and fast .
Jaroslav Spacek was signed for 3 years and close to $ 4 million per , despite being 35 - years - old with mediocre career offensive numbers ( and at least two chins and counting ) .
The defensive overhaul also included Hal Gill , who is 34 - years - old and slower than a paralyzed version of Jason Allison , for 2 years and $ 2.25 million .
He also signed Roman Hamerlik in 2007 to a four - year deal worth $ 5.5 million each year .
I do n’t know when in Hamerlik ’s career he was ever worth this type of money .
Gainey also signed Sergei Samsonov to a two - year deal worth $ 7.05 in total in 2006 .
Samsonov was an amazing player in the EA sports NHL games when there was a speed burst button , but had only scored over 50 points once since 2001 - 2002 in the actual NHL .
Montreal placed him on waivers the next season and eventually traded him to Chicago .
The only real good signings by Gainey were the signing of Mike Cammalleri and the extension given to Andrei Markov .
Even worse is his trade history , mainly because of one deal .
This deal even made Glen Sather look intelligent ( never a good sign ) .
It ’s unfathomable that the New York Rangers were able to escape from the burden of Scott Gomez ’s contract which pays him an average of almost $ 7.4 million per year for four more years .
For some reason Bob Gainey thought it would be a good idea to trade for this monstrosity while not pillaging the Rangers farm system for talent .
They actually had to give up Christopher Higgins and 2007 12th overall pick , Ryan McDonagh ( currently New York ’s 3rd ranked prospect ) .
For less than $ 150,000 more , the Canadiens could have signed Marian Gaborik , who has 30 more points and 27 more goals than Gomez .
In his defence , Gaborik has glass bones .
But Scott Gomez ’s contract makes Jason Blake ’s look reasonable .
In 2007 , Gainey traded Mike Ribeiro to the Dallas Stars for Janne Niinimaa .
Ribeiro has scored 59 , 83 , and 78 points in each of the past three seasons , while Niinimaa is playing in Europe .
Gainey recently acquired formerly struggling Benoit Pouliot for formerly struggling Guillaume Latendresse , which looks pretty good for both teams at this point , so he is n’t completely inept .
Although this is hardly a steal considering both Pouliot and Latendresse were in dire need of a change and both are playing well in their new locales .
He was also able to acquire Alex Kovalev for nothing much , so it ’s not like he was JFJ .
But JFJ never traded for Scott Gomez .
Bob Gainey is n’t a bad GM by any means .
He has a good draft record with the Canadiens , but seemed unable to land a premier player to supplement all the young talent he accumulated .
The post - lockout Canadiens had a great deal of young depth players , with a few ( Andrei Kostitsyn in particular ) , capable of being a top - 6 forward / top - 4 defenceman .
They were truly missing a premier player to not only lead the team , but to carry the team on certain nights and protect the young players from regressing .
They did have Kovalev , but he could hardly be counted on to provide a consistent performance .
Maybe Gainey recognized this and took his shot at correcting it this past off - season .
Unfortunately , he banked on the wrong players to do so ( aside from Cammalleri ) .
His signings eat up a large portion of the Canadiens cap space for a long time .
Ultimately , Gainey needed to be removed .
Maybe he recognized this as well and decided to let someone with a long - term future make the team ’s next move .
Or maybe he was shown the door . ﻿
In the constellation Ophiucus resides NGC 6384 , a spiral galaxy with a central bar structure and a possible central ring .
Because NGC 6384 is nearly in line with the plane of our galaxy , all the stars in the image are foreground stars in our Milky Way .
Photo Credit : Sloan Digital Sky Survey
( PhysOrg.com ) --
At this very moment , tens of thousands of home computers around the world are quietly working together to solve the largest and most basic mysteries of our galaxy .
Enthusiastic and inquisitive volunteers from Africa to Australia are donating the computing power of everything from decade - old desktops to sleek new netbooks to help computer scientists and astronomers at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute map the shape of our Milky Way galaxy .
Now , just this month , the collected computing power of these humble home computers has surpassed one petaflop , a computing speed that surpasses the world 's second fastest supercomputer .
The project , MilkyWay@Home , uses the Berkeley Open Infrastructure for Network Computing ( BOINC ) platform , which is widely known for the SETI@home project used to search for signs of extraterrestrial life .
Today , MilkyWay@Home has outgrown even this famous project , in terms of speed , making it the fastest computing project on the BOINC platform and perhaps the second fastest public distributed computing program ever in operation ( just behind Folding@home ) .
The interdisciplinary team behind MilkyWay@Home , which ranges from professors to undergraduates , began the formal development under the BOINC platform in July 2006 and worked tirelessly to build a volunteer base from the ground up to build its computational power .
Each user participating in the project signs up their computer and offers up a percentage of the machine 's operating power that will be dedicated to calculations related to the project .
For the MilkyWay@Home project , this means that each personal computer is using data gathered about a very small section of the galaxy to map its shape , density , and movement .
In particular , computers donating processing power to MilkyWay@Home are looking at how the different dwarf galaxies that make up the larger Milky Way galaxy have been moved and stretched following their merger with the larger galaxy millions of years ago .
This is done by studying each dwarf 's stellar stream .
Their calculations are providing new details on the overall shape and density of dark matter in the Milky Way galaxy , which is widely unknown .
The galactic computing project had very humble beginnings , according to Heidi Newberg , associate professor of physics , applied physics , and astronomy at Rensselaer .
Her personal research to map the three - dimensional distribution of stars and matter in the Milky Way using data from the extensive Sloan Digital Sky Survey could not find the best model to map even a small section of a single galactic star stream in any reasonable amount of time .
" I was a researcher sitting in my office with a very big computational problem to solve and very little personal computational power or time at my fingertips , " Newberg said .
" Working with the MilkyWay@Home platform , I now have the opportunity to use a massive computational resource that I simply could not have as a single faculty researcher , working on a single research problem . "
Before taking the research to BOINC , Newberg worked with Malik Magdon - Ismail , associate professor of computer science , to create a stronger and faster algorithm for her project .
Together they greatly increased the computational efficiency and set the groundwork for what would become the much larger MilkyWay@Home project .
" Scientists always need additional computing power , " Newberg said .
" The massive amounts of data out there make it so that no amount of computational power is ever enough . "
Thus , her work quickly exceeded the limits of laboratory computers and the collaboration to create MilkyWay@Home formally began in 2006 with the assistance of the Claire and Roland Schmitt Distinguished Professor of Computer Science Boleslaw Szymanski ; Associate Professor of Computer Science Carlos Varela ; postdoctoral research assistant Travis Desell ; as well as other graduate and undergraduate students at Rensselaer .
With this extensive collaboration , leaps and bounds have been made to further the astrophysical goals of the project , but important discoveries have also been made along the way in computational science to create algorithms that make the extremely distributed and diverse MilkyWay@Home system work so well , even with volunteered computers that can be highly unreliable .
" When you use a supercomputer , all the processors are the same and in the same location , so they are producing the same results at the same time , " Varela said .
" With an extremely distributed system , like we have with MilkyWay@Home , we are working with many different operating systems that are located all over the globe .
To work with such asynchronous results we developed entirely new algorithms to process work as it arrives in the system . "
This makes data from even the slowest of computers still useful to the project , according to Varela .
" Even the slowest computer can help if it is working on the correct problem in the search . "
In total , nine articles have been published and multiple public talks have been given regarding the computer science discoveries made during the creation of the project , and many more are expected as the refined algorithms are utilized for other scientific problems .
Collaboration has already begun to develop a DNA@Home platform to find gene regulations sites on human DNA .
Collaborations have also started with biophysicists and chemists on two other BOINC projects at Rensselaer to understand protein folding and to design new drugs and materials .
In addition to important discoveries in computer science and astronomy , the researchers said the project is also making important strides in efforts to include the public in scientific discovery .
Since the project began , more than 45,000 individual users from 169 countries have donated computational power to the effort .
Currently , approximately 17,000 users are active in the system .
" This is truly public science , " said Desell , who began working on the project as a graduate student and has seen the project through its entire evolution .
" This is a really unique opportunity to get people interested in science while also allowing us to create a strong computing resource for Rensselaer research . "
All of the research , results , data , and even source code are made public and regularly updated for volunteers on the main MilkyWay@Home Web site found at : http://MilkyWay.cs.rpi.edu/.
Desell cites the public nature and regular communication as important components of the project 's success .
" They are not just sitting back and allowing the computer to do the work , " he says , referencing that volunteers have made donations for equipment as well as made their own improvements to the underlying algorithms that greatly increased computational speed .
Varela jokes , " We may end up with a paper with 17,000 authors . "
Explore further Rensselaer Astrophysicist Chairs New Scientific Survey of Milky Way Galaxy
Forbes expanded the list of cities under consideration this year to include the 200 largest metropolitan statistical areas ( in years past Forbes examined 150 ) , which led to a shuffling in the ranks .
Any area with a population of more than 245,000 was eligible .
This year Cleveland takes the top spot in Forbes third annual ranking of America ’s Most Miserable Cities .
Cleveland secured the position thanks to its high unemployment , high taxes , lousy weather , corruption by public officials and crummy sports teams .
Forbes list America ’s most miserable Cities 2010 :
20 . Philadelphia , Pa .
19 . Gary , Ind .
18 . Youngstown , Ohio
17 . Sacramento , Calif .
16 . New York , N.Y .
15 . Toledo , Ohio
14 . Rockford , Ill .
13 . Kansas City , Mo .
12 . Akron , Ohio
11 . Modesto , Calif .
10 . Chicago , Ill .
9. Canton , Ohio
8. Buffalo , N.Y .
7. St. Louis , Mo .
6. Miami , Fla .
5. Flint , Mich .
4. Detroit , Mich .
3. Memphis , Tenn .
2. Stockton , Calif .
1. Cleveland , Ohio
More about list read on : Forbes.com
A man who claimed he was suffering from sexsomnia when he had sex with a sleeping woman has been found not guilty of rape .
Trent John Pobar , 29 , pleaded not guilty to raping his friend 's partner in the Northern Territory town of Katherine in January last year .
Prior to the jury handing down its verdict in the Northern Territory Supreme Court , Justice Dean Mildren made a summary of the case for the jury .
The court heard Pobar had been drinking at the friend 's house when he went into a bedroom and had sex with the woman .
She woke up and pushed him off , but Pobar said he had no memory of the incident .
The defence put the case that the accused had a history of parasomnia , which involves abnormal behaviour while asleep .
It said the incident in Katherine had all the indicators of sexsomnia , a form of parasomnia .
The judge said the prosecution was not convinced of this history , and it was instead arguing it was a case of amnesia caused by the large amount of alcohol Pobar had consumed .
This afternoon , the jury came back with a verdict of not guilty .
It is the second time such a defence has been successful in the Northern Territory .
Another man was acquitted in 2008 after a similar incident .
by
Blogging to the Bank Review
Blogging to the Bank 2010 is the latest in a series of “ how to blog ” ebooks written by successful and world famous blogger , Rob Benwell .
Over the years , many people have followed Rob ’s Blogging to the Bank ebooks to set up extremely successful , lucrative , and cash generating online empires .
I can attest to the fact that many of the ways I ’ve learned to make money online have come from Rob ’s Blogging to the Bank series .
However , because this is the fourth version , this begs the question :
Is it worth buying Blogging to the Bank 2010 ?
I think the answer is a resounding yes , but obviously , ultimately , whether you purchase the ebook is for you to decide , especially if you ’ve already purchased one of the prior versions of Blogging to the Bank .
However , if you ’re looking to start making money online or are currently trying but struggling , here are some of the many benefits you will receive when you purchase Blogging to the Bank 2010 :
You will learn the secrets that created Rob ’s online empire and helped him to earn over $ 1 million
You will be taught how to create legitimate blogs with just a few clicks of the mouse , allowing you the free time to enjoy the fruits of your labor
You will learn how to drive targeted , credit card in hand traffic to your blogs and websites , which will help you to earn more money
You will get access to the simplest yet most effective step - by - step blue print for long - term success
Additionally , Rob is willing to give you $ 2,000 worth of bonus material for FREE if you ’re willing to act now and buy .?
Watch the Blogging to the Bank review that I ’ve posted below .
That being said there is a downside to Blogging to the Bank 2010 , especially for seasoned bloggers .?
Some of the information will be stuff you likely already know and have had beaten into your heads .?
However , if you can get past that , even seasoned bloggers will be pleased with this purchase .
And , considering all of these benefits , I think it ’s worth the $ 37 investment .
However , if you ’re still a little iffy on whether or not you should take the plunge , please realize that Rob is allowing you to try out Blogging to the Bank 2010 risk free for a full 8 weeks .
If at any point during those 8 weeks you realize Blogging to the Bank 2010 just is n’t for you , Rob will give you a FULL REFUND of your money , no questions asked .
So be sure to click here to head over to Rob ’s website to purchase or find out more about Blogging to the Bank 2010 and why it ’s a great resource for you .
Blogging to the Bank Review
Per the FTC , please note that the above links are affiliate links , and should you purchase Blogging to the Bank 2010 after clicking the above links , I will receive a commission .
I have purchased Rob ’s Blogging to the Bank books before , and believe they are outstanding resources for anyone interested in blogging .
File version : Unspecified For DF version : 0.28.181.40d Downloads : 166 ( 168 ) Size : 104.5 KB
Views : 1,149 ( 1,335 ) Type : ZIP Rating ( 0 votes ) : Description
Uses
Some of the functionality I used from DFHack only works in 0.28.181.40d16 , so this will only work on that version .
== Instructions ==
1. Backup your Fortress
2. Open Dwarf Fortress
3. Run dfbauxite.exe
4 . Press any key to continue
5 . Build intricate goblin - murdering magma defences Converts all of your mechanisms to bauxite , so you can use them safely in magma .
Uses DFHack , which you will need if you want to compile the included source code .
Some of the functionality I used from DFHack only works in 0.28.181.40d16 , so this will only work on that version .== Instructions ==1. Backup your Fortress2 . Open Dwarf Fortress3 . Run dfbauxite.exe4 .
Press any key to continue5 .
Build intricate goblin - murdering magma defences
Please welcome the U.S. National Archives to The Commons , the world ’s public photography archives on Flickr to which you can contribute information and knowledge .
With over 3,000 images in 49 sets uploaded already , perusing these important archival images should keep you entertained for a long time .
Their four collections encompass important Americana , ranging from the famous Mathew Brady Civil War images to historical and iconic images of American history .
Step back to the 1860s to see Civil War battle scenes in the Mathew Brady Civil War Photography collection .
Visit the DOCUMERICA Project by the Environmental Protection Agency collection , which documents everyday life in the 1970s .
The Development and Public Works collection contains images of the Flatriver irrigation project in Montana .
Their Historical Photographs and Documents collection contains milestones in U.S. history , including the Declaration of Independence , the Earth as seen from space , and just a series of favorites , including Ansel Adams .
“ The Tetons – Snake River , ” Grand Teton National Park , Wyoming , by Ansel Adams
Photos from the U.S. National Archives .
I see a lot of people , including self - identified progressives , cheering the " schadenfreude " of Prejean 's being revealed as — what ? — having a sexuality , I guess .
But slut - shaming Prejean for expressing her sexuality merely perpetuates a culture in which the objection to same - sex marriage is justified with distaste for the icky , icky gay sex .
Entrenching puritanical narratives about " deviant " sexuality ( and let 's all stop and note the hilarious irony that young women who actually express the sexuality the entire culture admonishes them to express are immediately slut - shamed and accused of aberrant behavior ) does not help the cause of gay rights .
Or women 's rights .
Which are both denied on the basis of kyriarchal control of bodies that are Othered .
So if you find yourself tempted to crow over Prejean 's " hypocrisy , " consider that the tapes were made privately and not intended for public consumption .
To make hay out of that , when we argue sexuality is a private matter , is a hypocrisy all its own .
And worse than that :
To make an issue out of these tapes , to endorse or encourage their release for any reason , is to perpetuate the rape culture .
Despite our collective refusal to regard them thus , celebrity sex tapes released without the participants ' consent is sexual assault .
Consenting to the sex act , even consenting to its being filmed , is not implicit consent that images of the act be publicly distributed .
Prejean was wrong about same - sex marriage .
She 's not any more wrong if she 's a moral scold with an expressed sexuality of her own .
And being a bigot does n't give other people license to victimize her .
These should n't be controversial statements .
I do n't know Carrie Prejean , and what I know of her makes me suspect I would n't like her very much if I did .
I could n't disagree with her more strongly about same - sex marriage , and I daresay that 's merely the tip of what 's almost certainly a vast iceberg of ideological disagreements .
But it 's because I disagree with her — because I believe firmly in every person 's right to hir sexuality , because I believe firmly in not treating expressions of consenting sexuality as perversions , because I believe firmly in respecting people 's right to privacy regarding their bodies and their consensual sex acts — that I will not shame her for filming herself having a wank , or taking sexy photos , or whatever .
I do n't abandon my principles just because I do n't like someone .
I will , however , invite Ms. Prejean to tea , where I will explain to her the benefits of progressive queer feminism , and how we might rightly be allies , if she 's willing to open her mind and heart to it .
I do n't care how many tapes Carrie Prejan made of herself masturbating .
I do n't care how many nude or semi-nude photos she shot of herself or let other people shoot of her .
I do n't care if she had breast augmentation surgery .
I do n't care what she does with her body or what she does sexually , as long as it's consensual .
And neither should anyone else who rightfully objected to her anti-same - sex marriage sentiments Support for same - sex marriage is rooted in a belief that people have the rights to love and fuck and spend time with whoever they want , and to do whatever they want with their own bodies .
It reflects the idea that sexuality is a private matter — not in the sense that it should n't be seen in public , but in the sense that any individual person 's sexuality does n't personally affect anyone else who is n't sexually involved themselves with that person .
So what difference does it make , in terms of Prejean 's bigotry , that she has a sexual life of her own ?
None .
She was wrong when she said it before anyone knew she had a " sex tape , " and she 's wrong now .
The existence of a " sex tape " does n't somehow make herwrong .
Dick Cheney is a free man .
In spite of publicly admitting that he authorized torture in clear violation of U.S. law , nobody with the authority to do so seems even remotely interested in prosecuting him .
It is n't that they 've been swayed by his remorse ; Cheney continues to defend torture at every opportunity .
He has faced absolutely zero accountability for the war crimes he committed even though our unwillingness to prosecute him threatens our national security .
As mad as this makes me , I find it even less tolerable that so few people still seem to give a damn .
Aside from a handful of progressive blogs , hardly anyone is still talking about war crimes prosecution .
Do we really give up that easily ?
I know the excuses .
Many of us are bogged down with other causes .
Hell , some of us even have to worry about being a hated minority in our own country simply because we will not go along with an irrational and dangerous civil religion !
Others of us have convinced themselves that letting Cheney escape punishment is a necessary sacrifice in order to obtain something which will be called health care reform while offering precious little in the way of reform .
We are deluding ourselves .
What pisses me off so much about Cheney escaping even mild accountability is , at least in part , that I do n't want to believe that my fellow humans can be this carelessly apathetic .
I am a full - blown misanthrope , desperate to prove himself wrong but powerless to do so !
Again and again , I think to myself , " If a leader actually committing torture in our names is not enough to get us out in the streets like the protesters in Iran , then nothing would be . "
And again and again , I am smacked upside the head by this dismal reality .
It is n't that we do n't care ; it is that we do n't care enough to do anything .
It is too much work , and we 're too comfortable .
We have too much to risk and too many other priorities .
We 're trying to live our lives here , so just get over it and move along .
Our neighbors die due to poor medical care and lack of health insurance , but we 'd rather hear about Tiger Woods than health care reform .
Our states make massive cuts to public education and other social service programs because we have made raising taxes a form of political suicide .
Christian extremists boldly call for theocracy and lie about American history while so - called moderates lower their eyes out of respect for ancient superstition .
And Dick Cheney is a free man because we refuse to demand accountability .
What has to happen to jolt us out of our apathy ?
Is it even possible ?
And why the hell would we expect anybody to give a damn about our preferred cause , whatever it may be , when we can not be bothered to demand that our government brings a war criminal to justice ?
If you are someone who wants to help but has no idea what you can do , I can certainly empathize .
If this describes you , please head over to http://ANGRYVoters.Org ( update : this link is no longer active ) and sign the petition to prosecute those that tortured in our name .
Over 250,000 have signed so far , and it is n't too late .
Part 2 of 2 .
As Derek Conlon finds out he 's been poisoned and dragged into a world of Russian espionage , he realises his problems have just started .
So Derek looks to escape to a new life - but Polonium - 210 appears to have already decided his fate ( 2020 )
Rate this doc 3.2/5 ( 23 ratings )
1
2
3
4
5 3.2/5 ( 23 ratings )
Professional Video Editor
Make your enjoyment more colorful with joining several interesting clips into one .
AMV Media Converter allows you to specify a certain segment to convert by setting the start time and end time of the clip .
With AMV Media Converter , you can crop frame size to remove your unwanted area just like the smart scissors .
This AMV Media Converter also supports watermarking for you to personalize your video .
By Dave LIndorff
I guess I may as well get out front of things here .
I 'm about to fly to Switzerland to lead a panel on how to change pro-capital punishment attitudes in a country at the Fourth Congress Against the Death Penalty , being sponsored by the United Nations in Geneva .
And judging from the stories I 've been reading about the Transportation Security Administration , or at least its Philadelphia International Airport operation , and the Philadelphia Police who backstop the TSA here , I 'm afraid I 'm liable to be hauled away as a suspected terrorist before I can get on my flight .
Why ?
Because I will be carrying copies of one of my books , which has the title " Killing Time " ( It 's an investigation into the death penalty case of Philadelphia journalist Mumia Abu - Jamal , and was published in 2003 by Common Courage Press ) , and more importantly , because I just got a haircut .
A haircut , you may well ask ?
Well you see , we just learned today from an article in the Philadelphia Inquirer that the TSA last fall handcuffed , arrested and held for five hours young Nick George , a 21 - year - old Pomona College student ( shown above ) on his way back to campus in California , because they found 200 Arab / English language flashcards on his person , and despite his protestation that he is a Middle Eastern Studies major , they decided that he must be a terrorist .
The reason they stopped him in the first place , though , according to Philadelphia Police , who were called in to take him into detention , is that the TSA and police were suspicious that George 's hair was shorter than it appeared in the photo on his Pennsylvania driver 's license .
" That , " as Polict Lt. Louis Liberati told the Inquirer , is " an indication sometimes that someone may have gone through a radicalization . "
Damn .
Just last week , I decided that my shaggy grey locks and Santa - like beard were becoming too unruly , so I got out the old electric hair - clipper and gave myself a very short buzzcut .
It has n't changed my politics , but I sure look radically different -- and I must say that my hair and beard are shorter than they appear on either my driver 's license or my passport .
Now , if the bright bulbs on the TSA at Philly 's airport security checkpoint decide that my haircut means I look " radicalized " and need closer inspection , and if they then decide to check through my carry - on luggage , they will inevitably stumble upon the copies of my second book , which I 'm bring to Geneva to sell to interested participants at the Congress .
As soon as they see the title , " Killing Time , " I figure they 'll freak .
And if they read the subtitle , which says , " An investigation into the death row case of Mumia Abu - Jamal , " they will see that name and immediately flash " Arab ! Arab ! Arab ! " although of course Mumia , aka Wesley Cook , is an African American native of Philadelphia .
That wo n't help me , though , if the TSA cuffs me and turns me over to the tender mercies of Philly 's Finest , because Mumia Abu - Jamal is public enemy number one for the police union , the Fraternal Order of Police , whose members are dedicated to ensuring this man 's execution .
They will not be kindly disposed to a writer whose book argues that Abu - Jamal 's trial was a kangaroo court sham rife with racism , prosecutorial misconduct and perjured testimony , that his appeals were subverted by blatant judicial prejudice , and that he may not even have been guilty at all of the crime of killing a white police officer .
Of course , it could get worse for me .
Early last month , another local student flying home from the holidays to college , 22 - year - old Rebecca Solomon , had a Philadelphia Airport TSA worker , " as a joke , " slip a plastic bag of some unidentified white powder into her carry - on bag , which he was inspecting after pulling her , allegedly at random , from the security line for a special inspection .
" Where did you get it ? " he asked her , causing the young woman to totally freak out .
At that point , after letting her sweat and telling her things would be all right if she just answered " honestly , " the TSA goon reportedly smiled and said , " just kidding . "
Holy crap !
Bad enough that someone in that kind of position of authority would think of that as a joke , but what if it had n't been ?
What if it had been coke , and he'd decided to claim he actually found something that he had really planted in the bag himself ?
How easy it would be in this mad , terror - crazed America , to get a jury to send someone like Solomon up for 10 years on a faked drug charge ( the Philly Police were caught doing just this on a wide scale in a 1990s scandal prosecuted by the US Attorney 's Office ) ?
Or , had the bag contained some explosive powder , how easy to send her packing to Guantanamo on a faked terrorism charge ?
Luckily , the jerk who pulled that last stunt was fired by the TSA , but not , apparently , the guy who cuffed a young Middle Eastern Studies scholar and kept him from making his flight .
And then there 's Nadine Peligrino , a 57 - year - old Baton - Rouge businesswoman and Philadelphia native , who was at the Philly airport preparing to fly home with her husband from a visit to family and friends .
Back in July 2006 , she was , for some unknown reason , selected for special attention by the alert agents of the TSA .
As they started picking through her bag , the fastidious woman , who used to teach public speaking and semantics at Penn State and Trenton College , asked that the the TSA inspectors put on new surgical gloves .
The over - enthusiastic TSA inspectors were at the time pawing through her make - up , sniffing at her lipstick and fingering her undergarments ( ahead of the game there apparently , they were already looking for explosive underpants ! ) , and she did n't want any unwanted germs .
She claims the agents got irritated at her , especially when she asked them to put her things back in the bag the way they found them .
They did n't -- tossing everything together in a pile .
When she stormed out of the private room where the screening had been conducted , the agents claim she hit them with her purse .
She was charged with assault , was arrested by Philly police , and spent 17 hours in the can .
Her case was recently tossed by a Philadelphia court because even though her attorneys had requested the security tapes of the incident from the TSA , the TSA destroyed them .
The judge , Municipal Judge Thomas Gehret , did n't take kindly to the TSA lawyer 's explanation that they allowed the routine destruction of the recording after 30 days " because most of the incident took place outside of the camera 's view " and because the city of Philadelphia " could n't afford " the cost of storing such records .
As the judge said , " With all the stuff that is happening , I would think you 'd want to keep it - you could keep that forever . "
He scoffed at the TSA 's lame expense excuse , noting correctly that such digital records can fit on one DVD .
So there you have it .
Cut your hair in Philadelphia and to the alert agents of the TSA and the equally alert Philadelphia Police you are a potentially radicalized terrorist .
( Geez , and I already went through that garbage back in the " 60s , when my long hair used to routinely get me harassed by police .
So I guess it 's " long hair and beard = Commie " and " short hair and beard = Jihadi " ) .
Carry language flash cards , or perhaps a book with an incindiary title , and you 're a potential terrorist .
Get the wrong TSA agent , and you may even end up having some terribly incriminating substance planted in your bag .
And try to prove misbehavior or worse by the TSA and they 'll casually destroy the evidence .
Ahead of this flight , I have memorized the number of the Philadelphia ACLU .
Wish me luck !
_________________________
DAVE LINDORFF is a Philadelphia - area journalist and is not a terrorist .
His book , " Killing Time " ( Common Courage Press , 2003 ) was reviewed by the Philadelphia Inquirer in 2006 .
His most recent book , " The Case for Impeachment " ( St. Martin 's Press , 2006 ) , details the undermining of the Constitution in the name of " fighhting terrorism " by the Bush / Cheney administration and a compliant Congress .
His work can be found at www.thiscantbehappening.net
More than 35 members of Campaign for Better Health Care ’s 13th District Committee staged a sit in at Rep. Biggert ’s Willowbrook , Ill. , office .
They delivered pairs of shoes to symbolize Illinoisans who have died and will die if health care reform is not passed .
They chanted “ Get it done , ” demanding that Rep. Biggert “ stop playing politics and solve the health care crisis , ” until police arrived .
UPDATED Feb. 23 , 2010 with new article link
WILLOWBROOK , Ill .
– Sixty - eight Americans die prematurely every day because they ca n’t get access to health care coverage .
This crisis prompted 35 residents of Rep. Judy Biggert ’s , R - Ill. , district to take action and sit in at her office to demand she support health care reform .
“ In the last 15 years 11,000 Illinoisans have died because we do n’t have health care reform , ” said Jonathan VanderBrug , Health Care Justice coordinator for the Campaign for Better Health Care .
“ Enough playing politics .
Stop stalling .
Get it done .
This is a matter of life and death . ”
Altogether , over 294,000 Americans died prematurely since 1994 , when the health insurance corporations blocked the last major effort for health care reform .
Residents are determined to make sure reform legislation passes Congress this year .
The sit - in took place as it was announced the top five health insurers set record profits , a combined $ 12.2 billion for 2009 , up 56 % from the year before .
Meanwhile the industry shed 2.7 million people from health care plans .
Biggert has been voting in lockstep with the Republicans , said VanderBrug , obstructing reform .
She had refused to meet with CBHC and her constituents since August despite repeated calls , infuriating many .
“ I ca n’t believe Congressman Biggert would play politics while people are dying , ” said Michael Sacco .
“ I did n’t put her in office for her to play politics .
Do n’t let us down . ”
As part of its “ Get It Done ! ” Campaign , CBHC has begun a “ shoe action . ”
Just as the sit - in participants did , leave a pair of shoes at your Congressperson ’s office .
Leave the shoes as a symbol of all those who have died because health care reform has been delayed .
In the shoe , leave a note to say that reform cannot wait and Congress must “ Get It Done ! ”
If you know anyone who has died due to lack of access to care , you can include that person ’s name or photo .
It has been more than four decades since the Congress of the United States has been able to summon the will to pass a major piece of social legislation .
Not since 1965 , when Medicare and the Voting Rights
Act both overcame decades of opposition to become law , has Congress proved itself up to the task .
Significant healthcare reform is all but dead for this session , and the chances of substantively addressing the regulatory breakdown that allowed Wall Street ’s irresponsible speculation to precipitate the worst global financial crisis since the Depression seem to recede with each passing day .
So too the prospects for passage of further stimulus measures to remedy the crisis of unemployment and underemployment that continues to ravage the lives of families in states from Michigan to California .
In the face of these daunting issues , what was it that preoccupied the Senate on the eve of its long weekend recess ?
The legislative drama du jour is the standoff between the White House and Sen. Richard C. Shelby ( R - Ala . ) , who has put a personal hold on more than 70 executive branch appointments until the Obama administration agrees to fund a couple of pork - barrel projects he has earmarked for his state .
One involves tens of millions of dollars for an FBI laboratory focusing on improvised explosives -- something the bureau does n’t think it needs .
The other involves contract specifications for an aerial tanker that Northrop Grumman and Airbus would manufacture in Alabama , if they win the deal .
( Boeing also is competing for the plane , which it would build in Topeka , Kan. , and Seattle . )
Unless the administration agrees to give Shelby what he wants , he intends to invoke an archaic senatorial privilege that allows him to prevent the chamber from considering any of the administration ’s nominees to executive branch vacancies , no matter how crucial .
Without the 60 votes to force cloture -- another archaic convention -- there ’s nothing the Democrats or the White House can do .
Outside the Senate , Shelby ’s conduct would be called extortion ; inside the chamber , it ’s a “ parliamentary tactic . ”
It ’s also the sort of shabby situation that brings into sharp focus both the sources of congressional dysfunction and the popular discontent on both the left and right with the congressional parties .
Earmarks and pork are anathema to a majority of conservatives and independents ; the Senate ’s outdated , made - for - obstruction rules and susceptibility to special interests are a source of increasing frustration to liberals and some independents .
Yet , here we have one senator from one Southern state obstructing with impunity an entire nation ’s business -- purely for his narrow constituency ’s financial interests .
You do n’t have to attend a “ tea party ” convention to see the corrosive effect this sort of otherworldly political navel - gazing has on American attitudes toward the institutions of national government and the parties vying to control them .
Evidence of the damage is scattered throughout the recent polls :
A Wall Street Journal / NBC
News survey , for example , found that although 52 % of the nation ’s voters retain a favorable view of President Obama , only 38 % have a similar appraisal of the Democratic Party .
The Republicans fare even worse ; just 30 % , fewer than
1 in 3 voters , view the GOP favorably .
A recent CBS News poll found that nearly half of all Republicans , 45 % , disapprove of their party ’s congressional delegation .
A national Washington Post / ABC
News poll found that just 24 % of Americans , fewer than 1 in 4 , trust congressional Republicans , like Shelby , “ to make the right decisions for the country ’s future . ”
( Wonder why ? )
The House and Senate Democrats did n’t fare all that better , and are trusted by just 32 % .
Forty - seven percent of those polled -- still less than half -- have confidence in Obama ’s ability to make the right decisions .
When people ’s mistrust of their elected officials and the parties reaches these levels , there is little for political leaders to do but take counsel from their own anger and anxieties -- and , these days , the popular mood fairly seethes with both those things .
Discontent with the present and apprehension about the future have become the background noise of our politics , yet both sides of the congressional aisle seem deaf to the din .
In one of his magisterial explorations of German politics between the wars , the historian Ian Kershaw mused that “ there are times -- they mark the danger point for a political system -- when politicians can no longer communicate , when they stop understanding the language of the people they are supposed to be representing . ”
It would be reckless not to insist that this country and its politics remain , in crucial ways , far distant from Weimar .
It would be rash , though , to pretend that the distance remains as great as it once was .
timothy.rutten@latimes.com
Ein bisschen wie Porno , in ganz kleinen Stücken .
Dank PornConfetti sicherst du dir in jeder Situation ein Maximum an Porno - Atmosphäre !
PornConfetti wurde speziell von deutschen Ingenieuren in einem geheimen , aufwändigen chemischen Verfahren entwickelt und in zahlreichen Tests sorgfältig auf Leistung , Porno - Aktivität und Sicherheit geprüft .
Es besteht aus einer Mixtur besonders effektiver Inhaltsstoffe und der kraftvollen Essenz aus deutschem Porno , Bayerischem Bier , Bratwurst und Ramstein .
Entdecke jetzt den ultimativen „ PornConfetti - Effekt “ und finde heraus , wie auch deine Party an Stimmung gewinnt — mit PornConfetti.de
Like most of the gaming world , I 'm playing Mass Effect 2 right now , and it is awesome .
The story , combat , and structure are all even better than the original – which is high praise from me , considering how much I love Mass Effect ( it 's part of my 1000 Club ) .
So far , there is only one area of the game that falls short – and , by " falls short , " I mean " totally sucks " – the mineral scanning .
Here 's how it works :
You approach a planet , initiate a scan , and hold the left trigger to start getting readings .
Then , you spend the next 20 minutes meticulously ( and at a glacial pace ) combing the planet 's grid , keeping an eye out for spikes in a seismosgraph that indicate the presence of a mineral vein .
When you find one , you send out a probe , collecting some of the resource .
Repeat that process about 30 times until you 've tapped a planet 's minerals .
Do this until you can't bear it anymore , and then you can return to the main story .
Sound fun ?
No , because it is n't .
Eventually , you can purchase an improvement for your mineral scanner , which upgrades its speed from Painfully Slow to Comically Slow .
Even after the upgrade , the whole process just sucks at a slightly faster rate .
That 's efficiency , baby .
" Joker , set a course for crushing boredom . "
I guess mineral scanning could technically qualify as gameplay , but it just feels tacked - on and incongruous with the rest of the Mass Effect 2 experience .
Everything else I do in this game – whether it 's side quests or main story missions – feeds into the mythology of Commander Shepard and builds the fiction of the Mass Effect universe .
The pacing is spot -on , the action is fun , and the characters are compelling ... but , after a mission or two , I need to take an extended break to go play hide - and - seek with iridium on some god - forsaken rock out in deep space .
I know it sounds like I 'm being overly harsh , especially considering that the first Mass Effect also caught some flak for the way it handled exploration and mineral gathering .
But here 's the key difference between the two games :
In Mass Effect 1 , it 's optional .
In the first game , if you just want to drive your Mako straight to your mission objective , you can .
All you miss by not collecting the minerals is a bit of money ( which is hilariously abundant in the second half of the game anyway ) , and the UNC : Valuable Minerals sidequest ( which offers no particularly cool reward ) .
In Mass Effect 2 , harvesting minerals is inextricably tied to your upgrades .
Want to do more damage with your sniper rifle ?
You need minerals .
Want to improve your biotic abilities ?
Get out there and get some minerals .
Want to upgrade the Normandy 's armor so it does n't get torn to shreds ?
Oh , you know you 're gonna need some minerals !
" Commander , I 'm researching ways to make mineral scanning suck less .
Results are not promising . "
Guh .
I 'm just disappointed that , in a game that maintains such a high level of quality and polish in all other areas , this awful mechanic got pinched off right in the middle of the progression system .
If I could ignore it , I would ... but I should n't have to forsake powering up my weapons and abilities just to avoid a poorly designed menial chore .
What do you think ?
Am I just over - reacting ?
Does anyone else out there hate this part of the game as much as I do ?
I once had a disturbed young man come to a meditation class I was teaching in Edinburgh .
As we ’d gathered and during the meditation instruction I ’d noticed that he was unusually intense and that he had noticeably poor personal hygiene , but in most ways he seemed like a fairly typical young man .
In the discussion following , however , his conversation started to veer off into more bizarre areas .
He ’d had “ cosmic ” experiences during the meditation session — experiences whose details I no longer recall but which sounded very off - balance .
His girlfriend was apparently an Iranian princess .
He was being shadowed by various security forces .
Later still , as we were winding up and preparing to leave , and he was able to talk to me more or less alone , his conversation became more delusional still .
He had developed special powers through his spiritual practice and could make things happen in the world around him .
As we talked a housefly smacked noisily into the glass door we were standing beside .
“ See ! ” he said , excitedly .
“ I made that happen . ”
He was obviously ill and suffering , and I experienced that pang of knowing that there was little or nothing I could do to help .
I ’m no mental health professional , but his behaviors reminded me of what little I knew about schizophrenia and so I suggested as kindly as I could that he might be misinterpreting his experiences and that he might want to talk to a doctor about what was going on .
He was clearly having problems with his mental health , but here ’s the thing : according to the Buddha , so were the rest of us .
“ All worldlings are mad , ” he said . *
“ Worldling ” is a translation of “ putthujana , ” which is simply anyone who is n’t enlightened .
That ’s me , and you .
The Buddha had his own ideas about what constitutes mental health , and by his definition anyone who is n’t well on the way to Enlightenment is insane .
Quite how literally he meant it when he said “ All worldlings are mad ” is hard to say , but when he looked at ordinary people like us going about their daily business he saw a world out of balance — and a world that by necessity is out of balance , because it is composed of those same off - kilter individuals .
He had a term for this imbalance , which was viparyasa in Sanskrit , although the less - well - known Pali equivalent vipallasa is a bit easier on the tongue and the eye .
Vipallasa means “ inversion , ” “ perversion , ” or “ derangement . ”
Specifically , in using this term the Buddha was talking about the ways in which we misunderstand the world we live in , and the ways in which we misunderstand ourselves .
Just at the young man at my meditation class was constantly misinterpreting what was happening ( “ See ! I made that happen ” ) so too do the rest of us live in a virtual reality of delusion , confusion , and distortion .
What ’s more , we largely share the same delusions , which means that we do n’t even realize that our minds are disturbed .
And thus , as Krishnamurti suggests , it ’s possible to think that we ’re spiritually and mentally healthy because we share our mistaken values and understandings with those around us .
Collectively , our ill minds create a society that is itself ill , and we consider ourselves healthy because we see our values reflected in our fellow worldlings .
When I think of the vipallasas in modern life I ’m overwhelmed by examples , but the one that springs most to mind is to materialism .
We keep thinking that the answer to our sense of existential dissatisfaction is to buy more stuff : more stuff , and better stuff .
I guess I notice this most with gadgets , but for other people it ’s houses , furniture , shoes , clothes , or cars — none of which I care about at all .
I get a new gadget — the shiny MacBook Pro I ’m writing this article on , for example — and I feel a sense of pleasure just looking at it .
It ’s better , faster , prettier than any computer I ’ve had before .
But then what happens over time ?
Newer , better , faster , prettier computers come on the market , and I start comparing my machine unfavorably with them .
My gadget starts to look a bit old - fashioned ( after only six months ! ) , less cool , less capable .
It feels less fast .
And I ’m no longer so happy with it .
I now start to hanker after something new .
And I ’ve been through all this craziness before .
( Do n’t they say that insanity is doing the same time over and over and expecting a different result ? )
Even knowing that I ’m on a materialistic treadmill does n’t entirely blunt the craving for a new computer , although to give myself credit I live without a television and rarely make impulse purchases .
But on some level I really believe that the answer to the discomfort of my cravings will arrive in a box carried by a UPS truck .
I work with these cravings in my meditation and in my daily life , because the Buddha suggested that there was a better answer to the problem of craving .
His advice was that we need to look deeply at our craving itself , and to realize the many levels of delusion that come packaged with it .
The new gadget ( or pair of shoes , or that lovely sweater , or sexy car ) does n’t contain a magical ingredient that will make us happy .
The object of our craving is impermanent and therefore incapable of giving lasting satisfaction .
Our craving itself is impermanent !
We can watch cravings arise and pass .
As we watch them come and go , choosing not to act on them , they begin to develop an unreal appearance .
As we start increasingly to see through them we no longer take them so seriously , and they become weaker and less frequent .
And in the end we come to see what the Buddha himself saw , which is that the answer to the problem of our cravings is not acquiring the object of our cravings but letting go of craving itself .
It ’s through abandoning craving that we will finally find peace , that we ’ll come back to our senses , stop seeing things in a distorted way , and find true health and wellbeing .
And having done that , to whatever degree , we can look around at the imbalance that surrounds us — really seeing it — and then compassionately reach out to others so that we can help them bring about their own healing .
* I ’ve since learned that this quotation is not from the Buddha , but is ultimately from the commentator Buddhaghosa .
You can read more here .
Designed by Rockefeller Partners Architects this house is located off a walk street with great views of the Pacific Ocean and Malibu coastline .
Its design is all about a careful space planning .
The site is a narrow 30 × 60 - foot area but it includes not only the house but also a garden .
This garden is an open green space in the center of the structure at the ground floor level .
On one side of this area is a children ’s room and a master ’s bedroom with a bath .
Not only this Zen garden makes the interior to be closer to nature .
There are a lot of woodwork that also do so and adds a touch of comfort to the house .
[ Rockefeller Partners Architects | Photography by Eric Staudenmaier ]
2 of 24 of 24
3 of 24 of 24
4 of 24 of 24
5 of 24 of 24
6 of 24 of 24
7 of 24 of 24
8 of 24 of 24
9 of 24 of 24
10 of 24 of 24
11 of 24 of 24
12 of 24 of 24
13 of 24 of 24
14 of 24 of 24
15 of 24 of 24
16 of 24 of 24
17 of 24 of 24
18 of 24 of 24
19 of 24 of 24
20 of 24 of 24
21 of 24 of 24
22 of 24 of 24
23 of 24 of 24
loved it , of course .
The guy who , in true bipartisan fashion , does n't begrudge bank robbers like Blankfein and Dimon their take sent this out :
The President is gratified to see the Senate moving forward in a bipartisan manner on steps to help put Americans back to work .
The draft bill released today by Senators Baucus and Grassley includes several of the President ’s top priorities for job creation , including a tax incentive to encourage businesses to hire , a tax cut to make it easier for small businesses to invest and expand , further measures to keep people at work repairing our nation ’s roads and bridges , and extended unemployment insurance and health care assistance for Americans who are out of work .
The American people want to see Washington put aside partisan differences and make progress on jobs .
The House has already passed a constructive set of measures and the President is hopeful that the draft language presented today will lead to a bipartisan Senate bill .
The President looks forward to working with members from both parties on this bill and on the additional job creation measures he has identified , including incentives for energy efficiency investments and increased access to credit for small businesses .
Now , I was just about to start singing hosannas to Harry Reid , who almost immediately did scrap the crap , diplomatically calling it " confusing . "
Despite profuse support from Wall Street , the White House and the GOP ( or is that all redundant ? ) , The White Houseit , of course .
The guy who , in true bipartisan fashion , does n't begrudge bank robbers like Blankfein and Dimon their take sent this out :
Now , I was just about to start singing hosannas to Harry Reid , who almost immediately did scrap the crap , diplomatically calling it " confusing . "
Despite profuse support from Wall Street , the White House and the GOP ( or is that all redundant ? ) , Reid put his foot down on the side of average working American families .
It was good Reid did that , because it stops a giveaway of billions in breaks to the very richest few families in America , the ones who already grabbed everything when Bush was president .
But I decided to hold the hosannas when I noticed that he killed the effort to reform the filibuster .
( His rationale -- that it just can't be done -- is completely wrong .
Last week Jerry Nadler laid out exactly how it would be done procedurally for me when I ran into him .
Maybe I should try to get him and Reid on a call . )
Progressives and populists in Washington -- I know , I know , but there are a-- and people all over America who think corrupt politicians have given away enough of the store to the damned banksters let out a collective moan yesterday when two of the most corrupt politicians to ever prowl K Street , Max Baucus ( D - MT - $ 4,763,037 ) and Chuck Grassley ( R - IA - $ 2,540,450 ) , unveiled a corporate feeding frenzy of a piece of crap legislative initiative under the guise of a jobs bill .
The bill sucks from every possible angle except two : ( 1 ) It is " bipartisan " ( i.e. , the party afraid of being in the majority , and about to lose that status , gave the party that behaves as though , regardless of votes , it is the permanent majority party everything it wanted ) , and ( 2 ) it is completely larded up with goodies for Wall Street and Big Business , who , as we know , finance the political careers of the craven political hacks who are the United States Senate .
Labels : bipartisanship , Grassley , Harry Reid , Max Baucus
MINNEAPOLIS -- Tempers flared Sunday at the Metrodome after Minnesota 's final touchdown of a 34 - 3 playoff victory over Dallas , as Cowboys linebacker Keith Brooking sprinted toward the Vikings ' sideline , taunting coach Brad Childress and later calling the late score " classless . "
Vikings nose tackle Pat Williams , meanwhile , said Brooking was lucky to escape the Minnesota sideline in one piece .
" We do n't care what Keith Brooking says , " Williams said .
" He was about to get his ass whupped on our sideline over there .
It do n't matter .
Nobody said anything when they blew out the Eagles [ the past two weeks ] .
" It 's the playoffs .
It ai n't no regular - season game .
If you lose , you go home .
We take no pity on them .
Do they expect us to ?
I do n't care about no Brooking .
He can say whatever he wants to say . "
back door
Historically , back doors have often lurked in systems longer than anyone expected or planned , and a few have become widely known .
Ken Thompson 's 1983 Turing Award lecture to the ACM admitted the existence of a back door in early Unix versions that may have qualified as the most fiendishly clever security hack of all time .
In this scheme , the C compiler contained code that would recognize when the `login ' command was being recompiled and insert some code recognizing a password chosen by Thompson , giving him entry to the system whether or not an account had been created for him .
Normally such a back door could be removed by removing it from the source code for the compiler and recompiling the compiler .
But to recompile the compiler , you have to * use * the compiler -- so Thompson also arranged that the compiler would * recognize when it was compiling a version of itself * , and insert into the recompiled compiler the code to insert into the recompiled `login ' the code to allow Thompson entry -- and , of course , the code to recognize itself and do the whole thing again the next time around !
And having done this once , he was then able to recompile the compiler from the original sources ; the hack perpetuated itself invisibly , leaving the back door in place and active but with no trace in the sources .
The talk that suggested this truly moby hack was published as " Reflections on Trusting Trust " , " Communications of the ACM 27 " , 8 ( August 1984 ) , pp. 761--763 ( text available at http://www.acm.org/classics).
Ken Thompson has since confirmed that this hack was implemented and that the Trojan Horse code did appear in the login binary of a Unix Support group machine .
Ken says the crocked compiler was never distributed .
Your editor has heard two separate reports that suggest that the crocked login did make it out of Bell Labs , notably to BBN , and that it enabled at least one late - night login across the network by someone using the login name `kt ' .
Return to Cool Jargon of the Day
When America 's proverbial nipple is dried up from too much milking , what do you do ?
If you 're Citigroup , you head to Korea .
Asset Backed Alert is reporting that Citigroup is currently assembling a $ 500 million mortgage securitization with the underlier being Korean mortgages .
Mortgage activity in Korea is apparently on the rise , making the deal lucrative to investors .
Asset Backed Alert claims the pools of mortgages will be provided by the state run Korean Housing Finance Corp. , Kookmin Bank and Shinhan Bank .
Blockbuster is losing big when it comes to at - home videos , so they are cutting back on expenses and on advertising in the U.S. to make up for it .
US same - store sales fell 15.9 % in the 4Q and revenue dipped 18 % to $ 1.08 billion compared to last year .
By closing its 500 weakest stores , the video - rental company hopes to reduce expenses by $ 200 million , the Financial Times reports .
Jim Keyes , chief executive officer , said the company was working with Rothschild , its financial advisors , on ways to increase its liquidity , including a possible recapitalisation .
Under Mr Keyes , Blockbuster is seeking to establish its brand in rapidly emerging new channels such as digital downloads and vending kiosks .
But they 've already been beat to the punch .
Netflix and Redbox dominate market share when it comes to digital downloads and vending kiosks , and Blockbuster will have a difficult time growing in those segments .
The company ended last year with $ 963 million of debt .
Can they make it through 2010 ?
[ digg- reddit- me ]
At some point it became part of the standard Republican playbook to criticize liberals for engaging in “ social engineering . ”
Liberals – in this telling – see humans as perfectible creatures who just need the guidance of the a centralized state with scientific - minded engineers to become better .
With proper planning and direction longstanding human problems could be taken care of and humankind would exist in a socialist utopia .
This view was always a caricature – indeed an appropriation of a term created to describe the early efforts at deliberate manipulation of large populations through marketing and propaganda – from the Nazis to American corporations .
But Republicans co-opted this term to describe the grand government projects taken on at the apex of mid-20th century liberalism , as in our hubris we sought to “ engineer ” enormous changes to the benefit of all society .
This story – this narrative framework – was influential because it struck a note of truth .
Mid -2oth century American liberalism saw an exceedingly confident America which believed in the nearly limitless potential of American government action .
After all , America – led by its government – had defeated a seemingly unstoppable enemy , pulled the nation and world out of a Great Depression , learned how to split atoms and create enormous destructive and productive power , finally begun to deal with the legacy of slavery , begun providing generous benefits to the elderly , and even sent a man to the moon .
The declarations of American liberals of this time were bold and utopian .
FDR declared that America must ensure that every individual in the world must have “ freedom from want , ” a sort of economic right .
Lyndon Johnson declared War on Poverty !
Richard Nixon ( a realist in a liberal era ) declared War on Cancer , War on Crime , and War on Drugs !
Today this hopefulness seems painfully naive as we learned that every massive government “ war ” has had massive side - effects while not , as yet , achieving its desired result .
As confidence in government declined in the 1970s , the more thoughtful critics of this liberal tendency saw its core failing as hubris .
They suggested a more modest approach in which government would act more as a gardener “ cultivat[ing ] a growth by providing the appropriate environment ” rather than as some craftsman or engineer creating society anew through government coercion and radical changes .
But the Republicans who eventually took power on the wave of disgust , disappointment , resentment , and anger at liberalism ’s excesses did not adopt this epistemologically modest approach .
Reagan and his ilk replaced liberals ’ confidence in the good government could do with the insistence that government was just getting in the way .
Their conclusion was simple : Government was n’t the solution to these problems – it was the problem !
Rather than seeing the hubris of liberals as the problem , they thought liberals simply were certain about the wrong things .
Their shorthand for this moral lesson was to accuse liberals of attempting “ social engineering . ”
The solution was to cut taxes , to prune government , and to hold out the promise of slashing it eventually ( to starve the beast . )
Politics though is about creating and shaping a society that we want to live in .
It is less a matter of ideology and policy positions , and more about values .
Right wingers saw that the problems they had identified as resulting from liberalism ’s excesses did not cease as Republicans cut taxes and regulations and pulled the government back from involvement in the economy .
Blaming liberal government action for upsetting the “ natural ” balance , right wingers yearned to shape society themselves in order to recreate what they had lost .
They branded themselves as individualists even as they promoted the tyrannical , collectivist organizations commonly called corporations .
From a complex web of ideological positions taken by the Republican Party to build their political coalition came a hodge - podge of goals which ( though perhaps not cohering immediately ) have solidified into an agenda of right wing social engineering .
The Republicans began to use government to encourage the traditional nuclear family of a man , woman and 2 and 1/2 children ; to promote and encourage a christianist lifestyle and increase the role and funding of religious institutions ; to encouraged a particular brand of “ rugged ” individualism ; and to aid the rise of American corporations at home and abroad .
The logical culmination of this new big government conservatism , this right wing social engineering , was the presidency of George W. Bush , as he increased the size of government mainly by outsourcing work and responsibilities to corporations , as he began 2 wars leading to 2 massive social engineering projects in the Middle East , as he allowed and encouraged government funding of faith - based charities , and most dramatically through his Ownership Society as he sought to transform America into a nation of homeowners with 401Ks and Health Care Savings Accounts instead of Social Security and Medicare and rentals .
The right wing ’s social engineering agenda extended past Bush though .
The main right wing health care alternative adopted in some measure by Milton Friedman , Charles Krauthammer , and John McCain seeks to transform American society to make its citizens more individualistic .
This alternative begins by eliminating tax credits for employer - sponsored health insurance and the encouragement of Health Savings Accounts and the evisceration of all regulations on the insurance industry ( by allowing competition across state lines where most regulations exist thus creating a “ race to the bottom ” as states attempt to attract the health insurance industry . )
It would culminate in the elimination of Medicare and Medicaid .
Many on the right have also made clear their goal remains to obstruct any liberal attempt to solve the fiscal problem they have engineered to give them the opportunity to re-write the social contract .
Looking at current Republican agenda – you see a similar hubris to what they decried as liberals ’ “ social engineering ” – as they seek to remake the entire health care sector and the economy .
Meanwhile , it is the Democrats who had adopted an epistemologically modest approach – of tinkering with our current system to try to save it rather than to provoke a crisis to remake society , tearing apart the social bargain between citizen and government .
[ Image not subject to copyright . ]
Like Loading ...
Best Premium Imported Vodka - 2008
Click here for the latest Imported Vodka tasting results
New brands seemingly appear every week , much to the delight of vodka devotees and disciples .
The Adams Beverage Group stated that there were almost 300 new vodka brands introduced in the US in the last 5 years .
So it is time for another update .
The FiftyBest.com held a private tasting with 31 premium vodkas , all imports , all 80 proof and all without flavors .
The tasters invited were all professional vodka drinkers .
They included : chefs , restaurant owners , bartenders , wine and spirits journalists , retailers , mingled among a number of aficionados .
Method :
The products were served " blindly " to the tasters , completely unaware of the brand being tasted .
The order of service was randomly selected through a lottery system .
Each of the vodkas were poured into fresh glasses from new sealed bottles , and served slightly above room temperature , one brand at a time .
Then , everyone was asked to write down their impressions of each product .
Tasters were given the opportunity and option of a retest , if needed .
Water on the side and rice crackers were provided to cleanse the palate following each taste of a brand of vodka .
There was a resting period after the first flight of 10 vodkas , with a food break after the second flight .
The scoring was done on a 5 - point system , with 5 as the best .
There was no discussion amongst the tasters until their scorecards had been completed .
The entire total was added up and the winners were determined from 1 to 31 , solely based on the score received .
The tasting notes that follow the rankings are a summary of the results , and all replicate commentary has been eliminated while contrasting opinions have been summarized .
Prices quoted are for 750 ml sizes .
Prices will vary by state .
Country of origin is given , with a few tidbits added for each brand .
History :
The word , vodka , is a derivation of the Russian word for " little water . "
Vodka came to be a huge part of the Russian culture , as it was being distilled even before the word vodka came into general use .
Polish historians claim that vodka was first produced in 1405 , and history coupled with rumor state that it reached Russia from Poland .
Vodka can be made from potatoes or various cereal grains that contain starch , principally corn , rye and wheat , but it can also be made from fruits and vegetables if you feel like setting up your own distillery in a corner of the backyard or kitchen some time later today .
A common property of vodkas produced in the USA and Europe is the extensive use of filtration prior to any additional processing , such as the addition of flavorings .
Filtering is sometimes done in the still during distillation , as well as afterwards , when the distilled vodka is filtered through charcoal and other media .
The U.S. government officially describes vodka as " a neutral spirit , so distilled , or so treated after distillation with charcoal and other materials as to be without distinctive character , aroma , taste or color . "
However , this is not the case in the traditional vodka producing nations ; so many distillers from these countries prefer to use very accurate distillation but minimal filtering thus preserving the unique flavors and characteristics of their products .
This tasting proved vodka ’s range of aroma , texture and flavor .
The governmental definition was correct on one point however - vodka does not have any color .
Today , vodka is the largest category of distilled spirits ( 25 % ) on the market .
The super - premium category ( over $ 25 ) is the fastest growing segment .
Although vodka is traditionally drunk neat in Eastern European and Nordic countries , its popularity elsewhere owes much to its usefulness in cocktails and other mixed drinks , such as the Bloody Mary , the Screwdriver , the Cosmopolitan , the vodka tonic and the vodka martini .
The Art of Tasting Vodka :
While many prefer to drink their vodka ice cold , it is best , for tasting purposes , to pour it into a glass at room temperature .
Cold tends to dampen the aroma and deaden the taste buds .
Look at the liquid ; it should be clear and bright , absent any cloudiness .
Second - smell or " nose " the vodka by swirling it in the glass .
Watch out for sharp , pungent odors or a perfumed smell .
Third - take a small sip and roll it around your tongue .
Look for a pleasant flavor and , yes , it varies from person to person .
Fourth - draw a little air over the vodka to release its flavors , then swallow it and evaluate the finish .
Fifth - pure vodka should feel smooth on the tongue ... with no " bite , " and be pleasant but not overpowering , nor have an off - aroma or flavor and little aftertaste .
You 're ready !!!
THE TASTING
This tasting dispelled some myths about vodka !
To begin with , the notion of " triple distilled " or " triple filtered " is pure hype .
The process of distillation is a continuous one , recirculating the solution until all the alcohol is vaporized out .
Also , the source of the vodka ( potato , wheat , sugar cane ) does not affect the final product .
Vodka is the easiest and cheapest spirit to produce ( with high profit potential ) .
There are no oak barrels or long aging process .
So much for what you might hear , it is all about the water , the bottle , the label , the marketing .
Here are the results :
1 . The clear ( no pun intended ) winner is
Russian Standard - ( Russia ) - $ 25
Smooth , sweet finish , rough , clean , intense , exciting , classic .
The clear ( no pun intended ) winner is - ( Russia ) - $ 25 2 .
Absolut - ( Sweden ) - $ 22 - Wheat based -
Intense , sweet almond , burns , sweet tones , smooth , pleasant , classic .
- ( Sweden ) - $ 22 - Wheat based - 3 . Effen - ( The Netherlands ) - $ 32
Wheat based - filtered through peat , not charcoal .
Neutral , grassy , smooth , hot peppers , polished , citrus , pure , mellow .
- ( The Netherlands ) - $ 32 Wheat based - filtered through peat , not charcoal .
4. Three - Way Tie- Xellent - ( Switzerland ) - $ 33 –
Rye based - 3 times distilled - glacier water from the Swiss Alps .
Bread - like , smooth , bitter , intense , harsh , refined .
Jewel of Russia - ( Russia ) - $ 28 -
Wheat & rye based - Quadruple distilled , 5 step filtration - Metallic , alcoholic , smooth , spicy , peppery , clean , classic .
Smirnoff - $ 15 - ONLY domestic vodka included as a benchmark , although they do produce a Russian version distributed outside the U.S.- 10 times filtered - Complex , full - bodied , clean , spicy , harsh , good aftertaste , mellow .
5. Puriste - ( Austria ) - $ 40 –
Wheat based - 6 times distilled - water from the Austrian Alps .
Good finish , smooth , long aftertaste , no nose , and complex .
6. Four - Way Tie - Finlandia - ( Finland ) - $ 22 –
Wheat based - glacier spring water .
Salty , spicy , slightly bitter , smooth , tangy , mellow , tasty .
Reyka- ( Iceland ) - $ 28 -
Wheat based - filtered through lava rocks .
Spice , woody , alcoholic , bitter , smooth , toasted almonds , pepper .
Imperia - ( Russia ) - $ 35 - Premium brand for Russian Standard -
Wheat based - filtered through quartz crystals , 8 times distilled .
Clean , spicy , refined , flavorful , balanced , neutral , minerals , rubbing alcohol .
Tanqueray Sterling - ( United Kingdom ) - $ 15 –
Wheat based - 3 distillations .
Citrus , silky , spicy , bitter , sweet , harsh , balanced , dirty , smoky .
7. Four - Way Tie - Potocki - ( Poland ) - $ 38 - Rye based , unfiltered - Twice distilled .
Full flavor , grassy , bitter , fruity , clean finish , floral , no taste , sweet .
Chopin - ( Poland ) - $ 32 - Potato based - distilled 4 times .
Licorice , floral , spicy , citrus , honey , alcoholic , rough , rubbing alcohol , smooth .
Belvedere - ( Poland ) - $ 30 –
Rye based , 4 distillations .
Sharp , acidic , smooth , cedar , spice , intense , rough , flavorful .
Vox - ( The Netherlands ) - $ 28 - Wheat based - 5 times distilled .
Lemon , smooth , short finish , peppery , no flavor , silky .
8. Two - Way Tie - Ketel One - ( The Netherlands ) - $ 26 –
Wheat based .
Clean finish , anise , vegetal , smooth , intense , soft & subtle , neutral , bitter .
Van Gogh - ( The Netherlands ) - $ 28 –
Wheat , corn & barley - three distillations .
Clean , smooth , bitter , complex , spice , fire , biting , rich , intense .
9. Two - Way Tie - Boru - ( Ireland ) - $ 20 –
Wheat based - distilled 5 times .
Clean , rough , citrus , smooth , intense , alcoholic , sharp , classic , berry like .
Fris - ( Denmark ) - $ 24 –
Wheat based - freeze distilled 6 times .
Light , clean , bitter aftertaste , smooth , buttery , good finish , off nose .
10 . Three - Way Tie- Zyr - ( Russia ) - $ 32 - Wheat & Rye based - 9 filtrations , 5 times distilled .
Citrus nose , smooth , slightly bitter , refined , pleasant , simple .
Iceberg - ( Canada ) - $ 20 –
Sweet corn based .
Sweet , butterscotch , intense , rough , fruity , refreshing , bubble gum .
Three Olives - ( United Kingdom ) - $ 20 –
Wheat based - quadruple distilled & filtered .
Citrus , sharp , smooth , harsh , spice , rich , rough .
11 . Six -Way Tie - Grey Goose - ( France ) - $ 30 - Wheat & Rye based ( in Cognac ) - Salty , alcoholic , smooth , peppery , citrus , hot , rough , great flavor .
Svedka - ( Sweden ) - $ 14 –
Wheat based - distilled 5 times .
Citrus , hot , short aftertaste , spice , tart , classic , rough finish .
Stolichnaya Elit - ( Russia ) - $ 60 –
Wheat & Rye based - 4 distillations .
Freeze filtered .
Balanced , smooth , burns , easy drinking , hard to drink , good finish .
Ciroc - ( France ) - $ 35 – Grape based - 5 times distilled , cold fermentation .
Marketing taken over by Sean Combs .
Lemon , lime , almonds , fruity , citrus , slight burn , floral notes , short finish .
42 Below - ( New Zealand ) - $ 22 –
Wheat based .
Only Southern hemisphere vodka tasted .
Citrus , rough , spicy , bitter , floral notes , slight burn .
Smooth .
Level - ( Sweden ) - $ 30 –
Wheat based .
From makers of Absolut .
Burning , smooth , herb like , perfume , mellow , citrus , rough , one note spice .
12 . Three - Way Tie- Citadelle - ( France ) - $ 30 –
Wheat based , distilled 5 times .
Vegetal , hot finish , sweet , peppery , citrus , green , brash , oily .
Ston - ( Estonia ) - $ 22 –
Wheat based , 4 times distilled , filtered through limestone .
Wheat , fiery , balanced , harsh , earthy , grainy , spicy , clean .
Sputnik - ( Russia ) - $ 26 -
Not yet available in US - Winter wheat based .
Distilled 3 times .
Hot , bitter , burns , nutty , heat , rough , no nose , full - bodied .
Disclaimer :
This section of the website is intended for visitors 21 years of age and older .
If you are not of legal drinking age , please exit by clicking here .
Please drink responsibly !
FULL body scanners at airports are useless against the latest technique reportedly being considered by terrorists - surgically inserting explosives inside suicide bombers ' bodies - says one of Australia 's leading counter - terrorism experts .
Yet one of the best methods of detection - sniffer dogs - was barely being debated , said counter - terrorism expert Professor Clive Williams of the Australian National University .
Britain 's intelligence agency MI5 has uncovered evidence that al - Qaeda is planning to implant explosives in its operatives ' bodies , security sources have told British newspaper the Daily Mail .
Male bombers could have a plastic sachet of explosives ( such as pentaerythritol tetranitrate , used in Semtex plastic explosives ) inserted surgically near the appendix area or in the buttocks , the paper reported .
Similarly , female bombers could have the explosives implanted in the breast , just like an augmentation operation , the paper said , citing unnamed sources .
Last night I was exercising and flipping through the channels and saw Mel Gibson on the Jay Leno Show - very disturbing stuff .
He joked about having a lot of off - color jokes , he offered up some profanity to quote some girls he ran into while filming in Boston .
To top it off he promised Leno that if and when he decides to get married again he would announce it first on Leno ’s show .
This is all pretty common fodder for celebrities on these cheesy talk shows - but I had built up Gibson as a brother Catholic who put his faith out there when he made “ The Passion of the Christ ” , and was very public in opposing embryonic stem cell research .
He was like my guy in Hollywood .
The doubts about him started with his drunken rants against “ the Jews ” .
But I sort of attributed that to his being an alcoholic and falling off the wagon one night , and being so fed up with the media circus during “ The Passion ” with accusations of anti-Semitism flying in his face at every turn .
He could have given into a night of purging out his anger in drunken stupidities .
But now he has publicly crossed a line in the sand for me .
Here is a man in his 50’s , so personally familiar with the redemptive suffering of our Lord , a man married for many years with SEVEN children by this woman - and he has an affair with a young woman , and announces her pregnancy on – Jay Leno ??
His wife divorces him and he is now apparently living with his new lover and his 8th child .
And the next big step in his life will apparently be announced through the late night comedy format once more .
This is all very bad stuff .
I understand now , as a married man with children myself , just how important the whole life witness aspect to being a Christian disciple truly is .
You ca n’t miss seeing the impact of your actions on the faces of your own kids - but all the little ones and all the non-believers are impacted by what you say and what you do when you publicly proclaim your own Christian loyalties .
This life witness is a huge deal .
I fear that the excellent artistic presentation of the Passion of our Lord will be negatively affected by the antics of the artist who brought us this profound work .
This is how it works in real life .
People associate Christians with Christ , they associate public persons with their personal lives - when you combine these two aspects as Mel Gibson does - it is an intense pressure .
Mel is obviously not dealing with it all very well .
He needs his Catholic brothers and sisters to intervene - I do n’t know him at all personally , so I can only pray for him as my wife and I did last night with one of our rosary intentions .
I do n’t want to see Mel Gibson end up on the scrap heap of Hollywood celebrity has - beens .
He has gifted me and millions with his work on “ The Passion ” , he deserves our concern and our prayers - he needs to wake up and stay away from Jay Leno ’s couch and focus on repentance and using his failings to help others avoid whatever sins he has been seduced by .
I can recall that he chose to have his own hands filmed to depict the nails being driven into Christ at His crucifixion .
He needs to get back to that level of humility and spiritual awareness .
Come back brother - we need more artists for Christ not yet another one shamelessly mocking the faith and our Lord in word or deed .
Okay , so there ’s a frog and a fly .
It says “ Frog Ophthalmology ” , but it looks like the fly is the patient , so maybe it should be “ Fly Ophthalmology ” ?
Whatever , nevermind that .
So we ’ve got a frog doctor , I think , and what is he doing with his tongue ?
Is his tongue vibrating up and down ?
These motion lines seem to indicate that his tongue is vibrating vertically :
But frogs ’ tongues do n’t move like that , right ?
Let ’s assume that the artist meant the tongue to be flicking in and out , like frogs ’ tongues do .
Okay .
So we ’ve got a frog doctor that ’s tonguing a fly ’s eyes .
Do n’t frogs eat flies ?
Why is n’t the frog eating the fly ?
Why is he treating him as a patient ?
I ’ve never read this comic before , so maybe the frog and fly are recurring characters , and it ’s wacky that they treat each other as equals ?
Naah , does n’t look like it .
It looks like the fly is getting an eye exam , because he ’s saying “ worse , worse , ” and that ’s what you might say when your eye doctor is trying to determine your prescription , right ?
When they do that , though , is n’t the patient usually looking through the phoropter ?
Why does the comic explicity show a phoropter in the upper part of the frame , but then does n’t have the fly looking through it ?
Alright , I ’m still confused why a fly would go to a frog doctor ?
Would n’t he be worried about the frog eating him ?
Maybe the fly is completely blind , so he does n’t KNOW he ’s at a frog doctor , but then how can he know his vision is “ worse ” if he ’s that blind ?
Wait , what ’s he looking at , anyway ?
Is n’t he supposed to be looking at an eye chart ?
But instead he ’s looking directly at a frog that ’s flicking its tongue at him ?
Oh , is this supposed to be , like , laser surgery ?
The frog ’s tongue is a laser , I guess .
But you do n’t tell the doctor DURING laser surgery that he ’s lasered you enough .
Does the frog do this with all his patients , even if they ’re not flies ?
I mean , I assume this frog doctor treats OTHER frogs , usually .
So maybe a frog comes in and he ’s like “ laser my eyes while I tell you how it ’s goin , doc ” , and the frog doctor start licking the crap out of the frog patient ’s eyes and he ’s like “ yeah , that ’s good . ”
But , there HAS to be some significance to the patient being a fly .
So maybe the frog doctor NORMALLY does laser surgery with a laser , but since a fly suddenly came in , the frog doctor was like , “ I ’ll toy with this fly by tasting his eyeballs for a little while , and he ’ll think I ’m lasering him . ”
If so , then this scene really is n’t TYPICAL “ Frog Ophthalmology ” at all .
It ’s more “ Frog Malpractice , ” I guess .
So a frog tricks a maybe - blind fly to come in for an eye exam , and then instead of eating the fly , the frog tongues the fly ’s eyes for a while , which the fly thinks will help his vision but instead it makes it slightly worse .
And that ’s called “ Frog Ophtalmology ” .
And this comic is in newspapers .
Can I start laughing at the joke now ?
Thank you to Malki , who posts stuff like this on his twitter frequently .
- Drew
Kriss Straub ‘s altered version makes far more sense .
UPDATE : Someone just linked me to this site .
Another theory posited there :
The frog is holding sticks in his mouth for some reason ?
MOSCOW : The price of the cheapest vodka on the Russian market more than doubled on Friday as the government set a minimum price in an effort to fight rampant alcoholism .
Drinking causes an extraordinary number of deaths in Russia , where male life expectancy is about 60 years , and it contributes to an array of economic and social problems .
The minimum price of 89 rubles ( $ 3 ) for a half liter of vodka ( 17 ounces ) went into effect at the start of the 12 - day New Year 's and Orthodox Christmas holiday , when alcohol consumption is at its highest .
Russia has one of the highest levels of alcohol consumption in the world , the equivalent of 18 liters ( 4.8 gallons ) of pure alcohol for every man , woman and child per year .
President Dmitry Medvedev , who has publicly decried Russia 's drinking problem and its effect on the nation 's well being , has ordered a series of measures aimed at reducing sales .
Past efforts to limit vodka sales , however , have led to increased production of unregulated or homemade vodka , which even now is estimated to make up nearly half of all vodka consumed .
A study published last year in The Lancet medical journal said drinking has caused more than half of the deaths among Russians aged 15 to 54 since the 1991 Soviet collapse .
Charlie Brown , watch your back — a plague of vicious wild beagles has struck Long Island !
These floppy - eared terrors are no lovable Snoopys — they ’re abandoned hunting dogs that live in packs and have gone from humble pets to hounds from hell .
Mattituck resident Dot Faszczewski came face to face with the canine menace two weeks ago , when she was set upon by a group of crazed , hungry beagles as she walked her pet dogs near her parents ’
Orient Point home .
She said it was like a scene from a werewolf movie .
“ They were barking so ferociously that I thought they were going to attack my dogs , ” she said of the Jan. 16 scare .
Her dogs — who are much bigger than be agles — were too scared to even bark back .
“ I grabbed the two dogs and ran inside , ” she said .
“ I just closed the door when they jumped at the door , and they broke that aluminum portion underneath . ”
The attack happened in a flash .
It was only when the 61 - year - old dog lover was safely inside that she made the shocking realization her howling attackers were n’t coyotes or Rottweilers , but were three frothing , short - legged , brown - and - white beagles .
“ I thought ‘ Why would they be so ferocious ? ’
The bark that they were barking , like they really wanted to eat me up ! ” she told The Post .
They “ were probably cold , hungry and desperate , ” she said .
The angry beagles that attacked Faszczewski are part of a huge community of feral beagles that roams the woods and fields of eastern Long Island after being abandoned by hunters who used them to track down rabbits .
According to local activists , some hunters act like small - time Donald Trumps , firing the dogs that do n’t do well during the November - to - February hunting season .
One told a shelter worker , “ If you do n’t take the dog , I ’ll shoot it in the head . ”
“ If they do n’t perform , they do n’t have a use for them , ” said Pam Green , who runs Kent Animal Shelter in Calverton .
Despite the beagles ’ small size and normally playful dispositions , they normally group up in vicious packs to hunt for food once they are on their own .
One year , as many as 30 or 40 beagles were abandoned , and two were found dead .
Green said five dogs have been picked up on the North Fork so far this hunting season .
She expects to see more when the season ends in a month .
But animal activists are trying to help by publicizing the plight of the wild beagles and trying to find homes for them .
It ’s a challenge .
While purebred beagles can sell for hundreds or thousands of dollars , most dumped hounds are young , poorly trained and not housebroken .
“ They ’re certainly not treated as a pet , ” Green said .
“ They ’ve lived in crates . ”
Most are also not spayed or neutered because hunters believe “ fixed ” dogs lose their hunger for prey .
Two shelters now have five former feral beagles up for adoption between them .
And they said that with love and care these abandoned hounds can become loving pets once again .
At the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona Jabil , one of the world ’s largest EMS companies , has provided snapshot of the future with breakthrough camera modules : Compact 5 MP Autofocus Camera Module and the World ’s First 2MP Reflowable Wafer - Level Camera .
Smartphone.Biz.News.com spoke to Arif Shahab , Business Unit Director for Jabil , who gave us a short overview of the company and talked more about these two important breakthroughs in system - on - chip embedded camera technology .
He also showed us other latest production of Jabil – the smallest ( 6 mm hight ) inventive projector engine for cellphones .
Member
Group : Contributors
Posts : 153
Joined : Fri 21st Aug 2009 , 12:04am
Member No. : 13,085
MemberGroup : ContributorsPosts : 153Joined : Fri 21st Aug 2009 , 12:04 amMember No. : 13,085
QUOTE ( A Horse With No Name @ Tue 23rd February 2010 , 3:47 am )
QUOTE ( GlassBeadGame @ Mon 22nd February 2010 , 10:16 pm )
QUOTE ( MZMcBride @ Mon 22nd February 2010 , 10:08 pm )
QUOTE ( GlassBeadGame @ Mon 22nd February 2010 , 8:23 pm )
Davies ' explanation that the plagiarism is " accidental " and comes about when pasted passages from sources got inserted without getting the once over dusting is one of clearest examples of WP as a simulation of a scholarly activity , not the actual scholarly activity itself .
This is what happen when the people who could not otherwise engage in the activity engage in the virtual activity without making any distinction .
I do n't really need to be the one to point out that plenty of scholars have been caught plagiarizing .
And with the advent of the Internet , it 's become even easier to scan old works that were once never suspected .
I 'm not sure if it was your intention , but your comment makes it seem as though the issue of plagiarism is somehow ( particularly ) related to Wikipedia .
This seems far more closely linked to general human behavior .
I do n't really need to be the one to point out that plenty of scholars have been caught plagiarizing .
And with the advent of the Internet , it 's become even easier to scan old works that were once never suspected .
I 'm not sure if it was your intention , but your comment makes it seem as though the issue of plagiarism is somehow ( particularly ) related to Wikipedia .
This seems far more closely linked to general human behavior .
My point was that this guy had no idea that appropriating the work of another person , making cosmetic changes to hide the appropriation , was itself wrong .
You know that , right ?
My point was that this guy had no idea that appropriating the work of another person , making cosmetic changes to hide the appropriation , was itself wrong .
You know that , right ?
The circle - the - wagons effect to stifle all talk of plagiarism is in full motion , despite efforts by Ironholds and Durova to point out that these are not isolated cases of " Oops , my mistake ! "
As usual , Arbcom and its apologists / stooges want to maintain a double standard that works very well for them but makes the rest of the web site look ridiculous to the rest of the world .
Ultimately , everybody wins .
Roger keeps his worthless position ( note how he first claims that he is too busy to respond , then he goes into a full - depth answering ) , his friends keep him in his worthless position , and those keeping track of the hypocrisy and stupidity of Arbcom ( and , by extension , the full WP culture ) have a Fort Knox - worthy gold reserve of evidence that confirms how Wikipedia has nothing to do with serious reference publishing and everything to do with idiot games .
The circle - the - wagons effect to stifle all talk of plagiarism is in full motion , despite efforts by Ironholds and Durova to point out that these are not isolated cases of " Oops , my mistake ! "
As usual , Arbcom and its apologists / stooges want to maintain a double standard that works very well for them but makes the rest of the web site look ridiculous to the rest of the world .
Ultimately , everybody wins .
Roger keeps his worthless position ( note how he first claims that he is too busy to respond , then he goes into a full - depth answering ) , his friends keep him in his worthless position , and those keeping track of the hypocrisy and stupidity of Arbcom ( and , by extension , the full WP culture ) have a Fort Knox - worthy gold reserve of evidence that confirms how Wikipedia has nothing to do with serious reference publishing and everything to do with idiot games .
A compliment for Ironholds ?
Oh my
At the end of the day , ArbCom are politicians .
Whatever the agendas of users , as they advance further up the " ranks " they become increasingly concerned with covering their own arse as opposed to , y'know , helping the project .
A lot of admins engage in arse - covering ; most ' crats , all arbs .
A compliment for Ironholds ?
Oh myAt the end of the day , ArbCom are politicians .
Whatever the agendas of users , as they advance further up the " ranks " they become increasingly concerned with covering their own arse as opposed to , y'know , helping the project .
A lot of admins engage in arse - covering ; most ' crats , all arbs .
EAST ORANGE -- A 21 - year - old Galloway Township man is charged with attempted murder after telling police he threw his 3 - month - old daughter from the Garden State Parkway 's Driscoll Bridge into the Raritan River Tuesday night , authorities said .
Rescue crews were out all night and continued to search the river this morning , said Stephen Jones , spokesperson for the New Jersey State Police .
Shamsid - Din Abdur - Raheem is charged with attempted murder , kidnapping , aggravated assault , and possession of a weapon by East Orange police .
Abdur - Raheem , who does not have custody rights for his daughter , is accused of abducting Zara Malani - Lin Abdur - Raheem Tuesday from her grandmother in East Orange after an argument , authorities said .
Abdur - Raheem attacked the grandmother at 4:19 p.m. Tuesday in her apartment on South Harrison Street in East Orange and fled with his daughter , according to East Orange police spokesman Sgt. Andrew Dielmo .
East Orange police requested an Amber alert for a missing child and the Dodge Caravan Abdur - Raheem was driving , but the Amber alert was never issued because they found the suspect , Jones said .
Police in Winslow Township , Camden County received a call from a family member of Abdur - Raheem saying he was in the area , and officers found him four hours after the alleged kidnapping , said Winslow police Lt. Michael Hoffman .
Abdur - Raheem told police he threw Zara Malani - Lin from the Driscoll Bridge , which spans Raritan River on the Garden State Parkway , as he was driving south , Hoffman said .
The New Jersey State Police immediately launched a search for the infant in the river .
Abdur - Raheem then drove down to Atlantic County where he went to see an Imam , Jones said .
He then drove to Camden County .
The infant girl was last seen wearing only green pajamas , authorities said .
In a press conference , State Police said anybody who saw something suspicious on the Driscoll bridge between 4:30 pm and 530 pm to call police at ( 732 ) 264-4150 .
Awesome Looking Garage Doors
Styling your garage , come up by a Germany Company , offers a range of photo tarpaulins that you can stick on your garage door to try to convince your neighbors that you actually own a boat or a Formula 1 racing car…or a horse .
The new photo tarpaulins from that company can give monochrome up - and - over garage doors a whole new look .
The printed - on 3D motifs are deceptively realistic and will cause neighbors , friends and passers - by to stop and stare !
Want to see more ?
Visit www.style-your-garage.com
For 24/7
Garage door emergency services visit us at www.dallasgaragedoorrepairservices.com
Or call us @ ( 972 ) 992-1707 , we even work on holidays so do not hesitate and call us any time you need a garage door repair job .
Who We Are ( Sort of )
Greg Mitchell was editor of Editor & Publisher from early 2002 to December 2009 , and the author of 10 books .
Joe Strupp was staff writer and senior editor at the magazine even longer , and broke hundreds of important stories on its Web site .
The Vatican 's Sistine Chapel is the venue for a gathering of top artists
By David Willey
BBC News , Rome
Pope Benedict has invited international artists , sculptors , architects , musicians , film directors and even a solitary Italian prima ballerina to meet him under the soaring vaulted ceiling of Michelangelo 's Sistine Chapel in the Vatican on Saturday to begin a new dialogue between the Catholic Church and the arts .
Five hundred invitations were sent out to leading figures in the arts around the world last September , and more than 250 acceptances have been received at the Vatican .
Among them are such well - known names such as Anish Kapoor , whose current exhibition at the Royal Academy in London is drawing crowds ; Zaha Hadid , the Iraqi - born British architect whose striking new Maxxi Museum of Modern Art has just opened in Rome ; Daniel Libeskind , the Polish - born American who won the competition for the reconstruction of the World Trade Centre site in New York ; and F Murray Abraham , the American movie star of Syrian descent who won an Oscar for Best Actor for his role as Salieri in the Mozart film , Amadeus , in 1985 .
It is an eclectic list in which Italians outnumber all the foreigners .
Among them are sculptor Arnaldo Pomodoro ; the doyen of film score composers , Ennio Morricone ; and opera star Andrea Bocelli .
For the moment , the Vatican is being coy about revealing which artists refused the Pope 's invitation or excused themselves on the grounds of a previous engagement .
The Sistine chapel choir will welcome the artists with a motet by the 16th Century composer Palestrina as they troop into the awe - inspiring chapel where Popes are elected , to hear extracts from a letter addressed by the late Pope John Paul II to the world 's artists exactly 10 years ago .
Pope Benedict will then give his take on the long - established and rich connections between the Catholic Church as patron of most of the arts represented among his extensive guest list .
Crucified frog Popes love to lecture their guests .
John Paul described artists as " ingenious creators of beauty " in his address on the eve of the new Millennium , and distinguished between the roles of " creators " and " craftsmen " .
" The Church needs art , " Pope John Paul wrote , " but can it also be said that art needs the Church ? " he went on to ask .
In today 's growingly secular societies , art sometimes manages to offend the Church .
The building of these churches , and the pride the parishioners take in them , show that we have a dialogue with the architects of modernity
Archbishop Gianfranco Ravasi A German artist , Martin Kippenberger , who exhibited a sculpture of a crucified frog at an art exhibition in Bolzano in northern Italy last year , caused a stir with the local ecclesiastical authorities .
Pope Benedict 's new reaching out to artists is being masterminded by his newly - appointed culture commissar , Archbishop Gianfranco Ravasi , a biblical scholar , archaeologist and author , who now heads the Pontifical Council for Culture and the Church 's commission for Cultural Heritage .
Within months of his appointment , Archbishop Ravasi was suggesting a Vatican cultural presence not only at the Venice Biennale but at the Frankfurt book fair and " an analogous presence in those places where the new artistic vocabulary is elaborated " .
Addressing the issue of modern artists , he said in a recent interview with Osservatore Romano , the Vatican daily , " experience tells me that there is less a preconceived attitude of rejection [ on the artists ' part ] than their conviction that the Church has long since taken another route .
But when we show our interest , the responses we get are mostly positive " .
' Devil 's work '
The Vatican Museums were opened 500 years ago .
A number of factors subsequently weakened the artists ' relations with papal patronage .
Unification of Italy in 1870 reduced the Vatican possessions from a large swath across the peninsula to just 110 acres .
As art trends gradually turned away from the figurative toward the abstract , many people , priests included , failed to keep up with the taste of art sophisticates .
Zaha Hadid is among the group who will tour the Vatican 's art collection " Today our problem is to get ordinary people to welcome this type of art .
We need to help them to understand that art is part of the spirit , " Archbishop Ravasi said .
A number of Roman Catholic churches have been built recently by such renowned architects as Renzo Piano of Italy , Richard Meier from America , and Tadao Ando of Japan - and celebrated by parishioners as well as by architecture critics .
" The building of these churches , and the pride the parishioners take in them , show that we have a dialogue with the architects of modernity , " Archbishop Ravasi explains , " but there 's another problem here :
Often the great modern architects do not want interference with the purity of their buildings . "
This architectural purity can conflict with the Church 's reliance upon religious symbols .
When a church is too lacking in the traditional symbols of Catholicism , the parish priests tend to take their own initiatives , often with indifferent results , Archbishop Ravasi said .
Changing parishioners ' taste will not be easy , he admits , even when a parish priest forsakes craft work for the avant - garde .
He tells the story of his introducing segments of modern music into the Church liturgy on several occasions in Milan .
" The church was filled with young people , " he said .
" It was a fine experience - but later I received letters of protest from older parishioners , some of whom considered the new music the Devil 's work . "
A small collection of modern art was first put on view in the Vatican as long ago as 1932 .
But it was Pope Paul VI who decided in the 1960s to extend the Vatican 's huge collection of antique art to include major 20th Century artists .
Before the Sistine Chapel meeting , the invited artists are being taken on a guided tour of this collection which includes works by Francis Bacon , Graham Sutherland , Matisse and Georges Rouault .
They will be gently encouraged to make a gift of one of their works to the Vatican collection .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Directed panspermia missions could target interstellar clouds such as the Rho Ophiuchus cloud complex located about 500 light - years away .
This view spans about five light - years across .
The false - color image is taken from the Spitzer Space Telescope .
Credit : NASA .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Eventually , the day will come when life on Earth ends .
Whether that ’s tomorrow or five billion years from now , whether by nuclear war , climate change , or the Sun burning up its fuel , the last living cell on Earth will one day wither and die .
But that does n’t mean that all is lost .
What if we had the chance to sow the seeds of terrestrial life throughout the universe , to settle young planets within developing solar systems many light - years away , and thus give our long evolutionary line the chance to continue indefinitely ?
According to Michael Mautner , Research Professor of Chemistry at Virginia Commonwealth
University , seeding the universe with life is not just an option , it ’s our moral obligation .
As members of this planet ’s menagerie , and a consequence of nearly 4 billion years of evolution , humans have a purpose to propagate life .
After all , whatever else life is , it necessarily possesses an incessant drive for self - perpetuation .
And the idea is n’t just fantasy : Mautner says that “ directed panspermia ” missions can be accomplished with present technology .
“ We have a moral obligation to plan for the propagation of life , and even the transfer of human life to other solar systems which can be transformed via microbial activity , thereby preparing these worlds to develop and sustain complex life , ” Mautner explained to PhysOrg.com .
“ Securing that future for life can give our human existence a cosmic purpose . ”
As Mautner explains in his study published in an upcoming issue of the Journal of Cosmology , the strategy is to deposit an array of primitive organisms on potentially fertile planets and protoplanets throughout the universe .
Like the earliest life on Earth , organisms such as cyanobacteria could seed other planets , digest toxic gases ( such as ammonia and carbon dioxide on early Earth ) and release products such as oxygen which promote the evolution of more complex species .
To increase their chances of success , the microbial payloads should contain a variety of organisms with various environmental tolerances , and hardy multicellular organisms such as rotifer eggs to jumpstart higher evolution .
These organisms may be captured into asteroids and comets in the newly forming solar systems and transported from there by impacts to planets as their host environments develop .
Mautner has identified potential breeding grounds , which include extrasolar planets , accretion disks surrounding young stars that hold the gas and dust of future planets , and - at an even earlier stage - interstellar clouds that hold the materials to create stars .
He explains that the Kepler mission may identify hundreds of biocompatible extrasolar planets , and astronomers are already aware of several accretion disks and interstellar clouds that could serve as targets .
These potential habitats range in distance from a few light - years to 500 or more light - years away .
To transport the microorganisms , Mautner proposes using sail - ships .
These ships offer a low - cost transportation method with solar sails , which can achieve high velocities using the radiation pressure from light .
The microorganisms could be bundled in tiny capsules , each containing about 100,000 microorganisms and weighing 0.1 micrograms .
Mautner predicts that the most challenging part of the process would be the precise aiming required in order for a mission to arrive at its target destination after hundreds of thousands , or even millions , of years of travel .
Accounting for the difficulties of each of the steps involved , Mautner has calculated how many microbial capsules would be needed to ensure a reasonable probability of success .
He concludes that a few hundred tons of microbial biomass “ can seed dozens of new solar systems in an interstellar cloud with life for eons . ”
With launch costs of $ 10,000 / kg , this amount of biomass would cost about $ 1 billion to launch .
If we can aim precisely at planets in nearby solar systems , the mission would require significantly fewer capsules , smaller biomass , and lower costs .
Mautner predicts that , while the technology is currently available , such an initiative will be easier to implement as space infrastructure develops and launch costs decrease .
As Mautner notes , several scientists have previously proposed ways to seed planets ( notably , Venus and Mars ) in our own solar system with microorganisms in order to alter the atmosphere and possibly make them habitable for humans .
Also , some theories suggest that , on Earth , life - supporting nutrients and materials - or even life itself - may have come from somewhere else in the universe , arriving here on meteors , asteroids , and comets .
In a sense , Mautner ’s proposal would simply be helping life ’s planet - hopping journey continue .
But , some critics might ask , what if extraterrestrial life already exists somewhere else , and we infect it with our own invasive genetic material ?
First of all , Mautner explains that we can minimize these chances by targeting very primitive locations where life could not have evolved yet .
In addition , he argues that , since extraterrestrial life is not currently known to exist , our first concern should be with preserving our family of organic gene / protein life that we know exists .
In the long term , Mautner is hopeful that life can continue existing beyond our home planet .
Using techniques from astroecology based on the energy output of stars , he calculates that the amount of sustainable life can be significant in other neighborhoods of the universe .
Of course , it ’s impossible to know for sure how everything will turn out after we ’re long gone .
“ May life last indefinitely ? ” he writes .
“ The habitable lifetime of the galaxy may depend on the dark matter and energy .
These forces may need to be observed for many more eons to predict their future behaviour .
During those cosmological times our descendants may understand nature more deeply and seek to extend life indefinitely . ”
Explore further Exploring planets in distant space and deep interiors
More information : Michael N. Mautner .
“ Seeding the Universe with Life : Securing Our Cosmological Future . ” Journal of Cosmology , 2010 , Vol. 5 . Michael N. Mautner .
“ Seeding the Universe with Life : Securing Our Cosmological Future . ” Journal of Cosmology , 2010 , Vol. 5 . journalofcosmology.com/SearchForLife111.html
Book : “ Seeding the Universe with Life : Securing Our Cosmological Future ” ( available at amazon.com and ebookmall.com )
Websites :
Directed panspermia and the Society for Life in Space ( SOLIS ) : www.panspermia-society.com
Astroecology and the future of life : www.Astro-Ecology.com
Ethical aspects : www.astroethics.com
Contact : info[at]solis1.com
© 2010 PhysOrg.com
do n't feel like puttin on your house shoes to go in search of the local dope man ?
drop your email here & get foolishment delivered straight to your inbox !
ABOUT THE AUTHOR
Peter Watts — author of Blindsight , Echopraxia , and the Rifters Trilogy , among other things — seems especially popular among people who do n't know him .
At least , he wins most of his awards overseas except for a Hugo ( won thanks to fan outrage over an altercation with Homeland Security ) a Jackson ( won thanks to fan sympathy over nearly dying from flesh - eating disease ) , and a couple of dick - ass Canadian awards you 've probably never heard of .
Blindsight is a core text for university courses ranging from Philosophy to Neuropsychology , despite an unhealthy focus on space vampires .
Watts 's work is available in nineteen languages .
WEBSITE
rifters.com
READ MORE FROM THIS ISSUE
PURCHASE THIS ISSUE :
Amazon Kindle
B&N EPUB
Weightless EPUB/ MOBI
Wyrm EPUB / MOBI
Former prime minister says it is only in Britain he is attacked and accuses press of having a ' score ' to settle with him
Tony Blair has issued a plaintive self - defence , insisting it is not true that no one likes him and instead describing a " score " the British press has to settle with him .
Blair is expected to go before the Chilcot inquiry into the Iraq war next year , where his critics hope he will face charges of manipulating intelligence , and an interview at the weekend suggests the former prime minister is bracing himself for further hostile coverage .
In an interview with the Sunday Times , Blair said : " It 's not true that nobody likes me .
Reading the papers in Britain , you 'd end up thinking I 'd lost three elections rather than won them .
There is a completely different atmosphere around me outside the country .
People accept the work that you are doing , as it is .
They do n't see anything wrong with being successful financially and also doing good work .
" If I did what these people who criticise me here wanted , I 'd end up just sitting in a corner , but that is never going to be me . "
Echoing a speech he made towards the end of his time in office , where he lashed out at what he called " the feral beasts of the media " , Blair said the British press have an agenda with him .
He said : " They do n't approach me in an objective way .
Their first question is how to belittle what I 'm doing , knock it down , write something bad about it .
It 's not right .
It 's not journalism .
They do n't get me and they 've got a score to settle with me .
But they are not going to settle it . "
Since leaving office in 2007 , Blair has been criticised for netting deals advising banks , companies and Arab governments as well as large sums for speeches .
But he suggested he could do even more lucrative work if he wanted : " When leaders step down , they all do a certain amount of paid speaking and that is fair enough .
If all I wanted to do was make speeches , let me tell you , I could make five times the number , " he said .
" I got out of politics early enough to have a second act in life .
Why should n't a politician be able to do that ?
Others do .
Nobody says Bill Gates is bad for moving from business to philanthropy .
Why should n't a politician do a business model when they change their life ? "
As the representative to the Middle East quartet – the US , the European Union , the United Nations and Russia – Blair works in Jerusalem for about 10 days every month helping the Palestinians prepare for statehood .
Describing the work he also does on frequent visits to Rwanda , he said : " What I am able to do in Rwanda now is more important than what I was able to do for Rwanda as prime minister .
Ditto in Palestine . "
© Matt Bors
I love this comic in so many different ways — especially how it mashes up the issues of corporate personhood and gay marriage .
And as crazy as this comic sounds , our current political situation is even more insane .
Joanna Brooks has a worthy piece on Mormon Prop 8 involvement currently up on the front page of Religion Dispatches .
This next bit is just me filling in a ( minor ) gap in the reporting :
“ A primary source of Mormon messaging during the Proposition 8 campaign was the anonymously - authored ‘ Six Consequences if Prop 8 Fails ’ document , which went viral across Mormon social networks after its introduction by email in mid-August and was utilized as a training document and handout in the Mormon - coordinated ground campaign ” .
Anonymous ?
Ahem .
Here ’s an 8 - second clip of LDS / GOP pollster Gary Lawrence claiming authorship of the infamous half - baked half - dozen :
“ In fact , the idiot who wrote the Meridian magazine article is me .
And the idiot who wrote the ‘ Six Consequences ’ is me . ”
Of course , this gem remains my all - time favorite Gary Lawrence clip : We Want Negative Buzz !
You want it , you got it , Gary .
Mission accomplished .
If you burned a litre of petrol on the way to work , consider this : it took 23.5 tonnes of ancient , buried plants to produce .
That 's the equivalent of 16,200 square metres of wheat , roots and stalks included .
So says new research that aims to raise awareness about the need to change our energy - consumption habits .
The long , slow process that converts plant matter into oil is very inefficient , says ecologist Jeff Dukes of the Carnegie Institution of Washington , Stanford , who did the calculations .
Less than one part in 10,000 of the organic matter becomes oil .
" So much carbon is lost back to the atmosphere through decomposition , it 's only the residues that are turned into fossil fuels , " says Dukes .
Writing in the journal Climatic Change , he warns that less than a tenth of the carbon in plants buried in peat bogs was turned into coal .
In 1997 , he points out , we burned fossil fuels equivalent to more than 400 times the amount of plant matter produced on Earth in the same year .
It ’s astonishing what we consider to be art these days .
It seems that anybody with a chainsaw , a children ’s paint set or a garden shed can make a great work of art .
But clearly something else is needed to turn mundane objects into modern art – a warped mind .
1. Body Worlds – Dr. Gunther von Hagens
German anatomist Dr Gunther von Hagens has become internationally known for his ability to turn real human bodies into statues .
He does this through a technique that he invented and which he calls ‘ plastination ’ .
The procedure involves injecting liquid plastic solution into the dead body of a volunteer , the solution then hardens preserving the cadavers entirely .
Whilst Von Hagens originally intended his plastinated bodies to be used for the study of anatomy only , but over the years his ‘ sculptures ’ have become increasingly artistic .
Most recently a new body slicing technique has been used to create wafer - thin cross-sections of the bodies .
Von Hagens ’ first exhibition of palatinate bodies was in 1995 , in Japan .
Two years later he launched the ‘ Body Worlds ’ exhibition .
Subsequent Body Worlds exhibitions have toured the world , attracting over 26 million visitors and sparking outrage from certain religious groups .
From the very start , Von Hagens and his work have been at the center of ethical , spiritual and legal debate .
In 2002 he performed an autopsy live on British television despite being warned by Her Majesty ’s Inspector of Anatomy that it would be considered a criminal act .
Because of the controversial nature of his work he is said to work out of a secret laboratory , the entrance to which is concealed by a movable staircase .
2. Dust Sculpture – Roger Hiorns
A nominee for the 2009 Turner Prize ( for young British Artists ) , Roger Hiorns is an expert in ‘ unusual mediums ’ .
This dust sculpture ( or a floor in need of serious vacuuming as some would call it ) was created from the atomized remains of a jet engine , although it could just be .
The exhibition in London ’s Tate Modern art gallery also features sculptures made by fusing cow brains with plastic and metal .
3.‘ Shed -Boat ’ – Simon Starling
It ’s a shed , it ’s a boat , it ’s a shed - boat - shed .
Or is it just a few planks of wood used to make two different things .
Simon Starling said that the shed had a pedal on its side when he found it and that this inspired him to turn it into a boat .
He then transformed it back into a shed for his installation in Tate Modern .
Although this might have seemed like a spectacular waste of time , it actually won Starling the £ 25,000 Turner Prize back in 2005 .
On winning the prize he said that he was ‘ a very lucky artist ’ , something to which everybody else agreed .
Of course , Starling is n’t the only person capable of using wood to make something , carpenters , for example , are extremely adept at it , as are boat - makers and my dad .
4. The World ’s Smallest Sculptures – Willard Wigan
Willard Wigan , a dyslexia sculptor from Birmingham , England is famous for making the smallest sculptures in the world .
Most of his sculptures are so small that they have to be mounted on the head of a pin or in the eye of a needle just to keep him from losing them .
Wigan has recently created a miniature sculpture of the Obama family , but his most famous work is a replica of Michelangelo ’s David , carved from a single grain of sand .
5 . The Physical Impossibility of Death in the Mind of Someone Living – Damien Hurst
Damien Hurst is one of the most controversial British artists of the last century .
Whilst some have been shocked by his dead animals in formaldehyde , the most famous of which is his pickled shark entitled ‘ The Physical Impossibility of Death in the Mind of Someone Living ’ , many British artists find his work bland and unimaginative .
Hurst is also criticized for being a ‘ commercial ’ artist .
Much of his highly - valued artwork is created by a team of apprentices .
It could be argued that the pickled shark is impressive simply for being a shark and that making the creative decision to pickle it and put it in a box was as simple and uninspired as framing an existing piece of art .
Hurst ’s other preserved animals are much less impressive and by no means as memorable .
6. Vanitas : Flesh Dress for an Albino Anorectic
This flesh dress ( quite literally a dress made of meat ) was created by Montreal artist Jana Sterbak and was displayed in the National Gallery of Canada , causing much controversy .
It was said to be a comment on bodily vanity and a reminder that no matter how much try to beautify our bodies we ’re all little more than meat hanging from bones .
Canadian Stuckists were outraged that the flesh dress could be considered art and 200 of them were so disgruntled that they mailed scraps of food to the National Gallery in protest of the exhibition .
7.‘My Bed ’ – Tracey Emin
Tracy Emin ’s unmade bed has been called one of the most shameful pieces of art in history .
Adorned with cigarette buts , empty bottles , stained sheets , and a curious toy dog , this is the aftermath of a nervous breakdown and shows the intimate details of the artists ’ private life .
Those unlucky enough to have shared Tracy Emin ’s bed have also since been immortalized , their names listed on the walls of a tent entitled ‘ Everyone I Have Ever Slept With ’ .
There are over 100 ex-lovers listed in the tent .
8. ‘ Fountain ’ – Marcel Duchamp
This has to be the most famous urinal in the world .
Perhaps intended as more of a statement than a piece of art , this exhibition piece caused controversy in the New York art scene and sparked debate about what can be considered art .
Originally ‘ created ’ in 1917 , it was submitted to an open exhibition under the pseudonym R , Mutt .
The exhibition had been arranged by the Society of Independent Artists , of which Duchamp was a member .
They had previously promised to display any pieces of art that were submitted but decided no to display ‘ Fountain ’ on the grounds that it was ‘ not art ’ .
Duchamp resigned from his position on the society ’s board in protest .
When he claimed responsibility for the urinal sculpture the debate over what constitutes art raged .
The original piece was lost but Duchamp commissioned a replica in 1960 , causing the issue to surface once again .
The question of what can be considered art has been one of the most enduring and still sparks debate today .
9. ‘ Art Eggcident ’ – Henk Hofstra
Dutch artist Henk Hofstra is responsible both for this strange piece of public art in Leeuwarden , Netherlands and for the terrible pun by which it is known .
Several large eggs ( each 100 feet wide ) were spread on the Zaailand , one of the largest city squares in the Netherlands for six months during 2008 .
Whilst nobody seems to understand what Hofstra is trying to say by this installation ( perhaps he is making a point about global warming ) , it certainly is a fun and exciting use for an otherwise empty space .
10 . ‘ Big Rig Jig’ – Mike Ross
Constructed from two discarded 18 wheel tankers , Big Rig Jig is an observation tower as well as a sculpture .
It might look as though it can barely support itself , let alone any extra weight , but it is actually possible to climb inside the sculpture and , with the help of a ladder , right to the very top .
The sculpture was commissioned by the organizers of the Burning Man festival in Nevada where it made its debut appearance , but after the festival was over it had to be transported back to its birthplace in Oakland , California where it has resided since then .
It is currently looking for a new owner .
The collapse of the government means that the withdrawal of Dutch troops from Afghanistan will now begin in August because caretaker ministers are not allowed to make controversial decisions .
The teabagger movement was in full swing in Holland even before Obama 's election drove thousands of American racists over the brink into raging , raving insanity , a brink they were followed over by much of the combined audiences of Rush Limbaugh , Glenn Beck , Michael Savage and other Hate Talk sociopaths polluting the American airwaves .
Having lived in Amsterdam for almost four years , I tend to follow the politics there a bit more closely than the politics in , say , Sweden or Austria .
We started writing about the political career of far right extremist , Dutch neo -Nazi Geert Wilders a little over a year ago , even before a like - minded right - wing Republican in Arizona , Jon Kyl , embraced him and his sick , degenerate ideology of hatred and bigotry and invited him to Washington for last year 's CPAC Hate Fest .
Why bring up Wilders again ?
He did n't come to CPAC this year , although his immigrant - bashing ideology is one of the dominant themes .
( Probably too busy defending himself in court . )
Yesterday clueless right - wing websites were predicting he would be the next prime minister of Holland as the national unity government there collapsed over disagreements about Afghanistan .
The Labor Party insisted that Holland pull all of its troops out of the war before the end of the year , which is in accord with current plans the conservative Prime Minister is trying to change .
Holland has 1,800 soldiers stationed there and 21 have been killed .
The bold and decisive action by Deputy Prime Minister Wouter Bos is likely to give the Labor Party a big boost with the general public going into next month 's local elections .
Holland 's political situation can best be summed up in the word " unstable . "
Labels : Afghanistan , Geert Wilders
Considering money can be a top reason for divorce , it ’s maybe not just a surprise it ’s also a sensitive subject in dating .
It ’s a decision you speak about and agree about together .
To help out the fellas , we looked out to Look Better Online , an online network of professional photographers that ’s improved the profile pictures of tens of thousands of singles .
Ways To Buy Free Flirting Apps
Reints stated this responsibility goes both ways , and that she has two rules for helping somebody who needs something out of you .
The chic boutique hotel Bardessono , that overlooks modern wine and luxury country living , has amazing rooms which are each created for sex apps private in - room spa services where you have access to your spa butler and couples massages .
Just like the majority of areas of interest in this lifetime , you just have to be educated and possess the essential skills to build a good plan and implement on it .
I would like to be some body ‘s boy toy .
Listed here are 6 tips to obtain over some guy you have dated .
Now , his legacy continues , along with his songs have been played all over the whole world .
Browsers utilize the fire hose feature on Slashdot to sift through new and popular submissions .
The Advantages Of Partner
Hopefully you wo n’t wind up with long term health troubles .
I sat stiff together with my breath did my best effort in a real - looking grin .
That ’s maybe not sex sites exactly won him a spot among the most peculiar dating profiles ever .
So what can I do to realize if he ’s gay / bi or just really a fine guy that is straight ?
Together with wonderful weather outstanding public schools , this California fantasy may’t be passed upward .
Kellie did n’t need to eliminate weight .
What The In - Crowd Wo n’t Inform You Of Romance on a budget
Even incoming and friendly people , like Leanns , can slide fuck websites through the cracks some times , but spending a Saturday night on your own is n’t the end of earth .
I ’m curious in how these new technologies are used to shape how we experience reality , how it affects the way in which we perceive ourselves and how we can use these to create an even more authentic , loving encounter for every one people .
When her marriage ended in divorce , she felt determined to find what really makes relationships tick .
I 've prepared a chart to illustrate The Red Queen 's Race in assets and debt :
Owning an asset as it catapults ever higher in a credit / asset bubble offers a fateful temptation to leverage that rising equity ( " free money " ) or extract it to enjoy .
Millions of speculators did so by borrowing against their stocks ( margin accounts ) and tens of millions did so by borrowing against their home equity via second mortgages or HELOCs ( home equity lines of credit ) .
Alas , when the asset bubbles bursts , values quickly begin a long and painful retrace to pre-bubble valuations .
In very short order , those who bought with high leverage or borrowed 90 % of their equity find themselves underwater , owing more than the value of their asset / property .
Those with 80 % of bubble - top value mortgages who cling to the hope of a rapid recovery in valuations soon find they too are underwater .
Lenders who thought they were " safe " extending 80 % - of - value loans at the bubble top find their 1 - 2 % reserves against losses are woefully inadequate as assets continue their ceaseless decline to rational valuations .
In a desperate attempt to stave off losing the Red Queen 's Race , The Federal Reserve essentially hands the banks billions in easy profits , loaning them unlimited funds at near - zero interest rates so they can " re-capitalize " by loaning their unlimited " free money " at higher rates of interest .
But even the incantations and legerdemaine of the Fed are no match for the inexorable punishment of running in place just to avoid falling behind ; no matter how fast the Fed - induced profits flow , they cannot gain on the declining assets .
Banks pocket billions yet their net equity remains far below zero .
At some point , the lender or owner tires of writing down or paying down debt to no avail , and they lose the Red Queen 's Race .
Having lost , some lenders , owners and even governments ( see Japan , Inc. for a woeful example ) maintain the fiction that equity is above zero by continuing the fraud of pricing assets at " mark to fantasy " valuations .
In other words , they list a mortgage at full nominal value , as if the underlying asset -- the house - - was still worth more than the mortgage .
Here 's the desperate game being played now on a global scale : mark the debt as if the bubble had never burst ( " mark to fantasy " ) in the hopes that government stimulus and lending will re-inflate the bubble , enabling owners and lenders alike to exit the asset at a price which makes them whole ( no losses incurred ) .
That is the entire raison d'etre for quantitative easing , near - zero interest rates and massive support of the mortgage markets , from China to the U.S.
If only another generation of suckers can be conned into believing that bubble prices are " rational " and can even be exceeded ( greed is not just good , it is necessary ) , then various financial Elites can exit their liquidity and debt traps by selling at the " new top . "
Unfortunately for global financial Elites and homeowners alike , there has never been a bubble which was reinflated for long .
Running faster ( expanding credit in a futile attempt to spark another bubble frenzy ) never wins the Red Queen 's Race , but it certainly sets up a higher bubble and a catastrophic exhaustion of credit , debt and belief in the system ( loss of institutional credibility ) .
Welcome to the Red Queen 's Race , which can only be lost .
Writing down debt as assets fall is simply staying in one place .
At some point the runners -- lenders and debtors alike -- tire of maintaining the futile fiction that " equity " still exists , and the race is lost : losses are finally accepted , debt is renounced , and bankruptcy wipes out the fictional equity .
We might call this inevitable reconciliation with reality the Red Queen 's Revenge .
Special offer : receive signed copies of both Survival + ( $ 19.95 ) and Chris Sullins ' strategic action thriller Operation SERF ( $ 14.99 ) for a donation of $ 33.33 to this site via PayPal .
Perhaps it is mere fantasy or wishful thinking , but I thought a few readers might like signed copies of both books .
At my request , Chris signed 10 copies of his novel and sent them to me , seven have already been spoken for so a maximum of 3 readers can avail themselves of this offer .
Since ordering the books costs $ 34.94 on amazon , and since I have some small affection for the days of vinyl albums , the price has been arbitrarily set at $ 33.33 , shipping included .
Will signed copies have any value ?
That is unknown , but I can guarantee that Survival + will eventually be issued in a 3rd edition at a higher price , so this 2nd edition is a limited run .
I have signed about 60 copies as a token of my appreciation for those contributors and subscribers who have been outrageously generous ( $ 40 or more ) .
As it stands , that 's the only way to get a signed copy , other than this little special offer .
In other news : Luke , the proprietor of the always provocative blog suburbanempire.com recently interrogated me at length -- the results are posted on his blog .
Thank you , Luke , for the opportunity to spout off even more absurdly than I do here ....
If you have n't visited the forum , here 's a place to start .
Click on the link below and then select " new posts . "
You 'll get to see what other oftwominds.com readers and contributors are discussing / sharing .
DailyJava.net is now open for aggregating our collective intelligence .
Order Survival+ : Structuring Prosperity for Yourself and the Nation and / or Survival +
The Primer from your local bookseller or from amazon.com or in ebook and Kindle formats .
A 20 % discount is available from the publisher .
Of Two Minds is now available via Kindle : Of Two Minds blog - Kindle
" This guy is THE leading visionary on reality .
He routinely discusses things which no one else has talked about , yet , turn out to be quite relevant months later . "
-- Walt Howard , commenting about CHS on another blog .
Thank you , Michel L. ( $ 50 ) , for your fabulously generous contribution to this site .
I am greatly honored by your support and readership .
Thank you , Dan T. ( $ 50 ) , for your exceedingly generous contribution to this site .
I am greatly honored by your support and readership .
Your readership is greatly appreciated with or without a donation .
For more on this subject and a wide array of other topics , please visit my weblog .
Conan O'Brien is using his newfound free time ( and $ 32.5 million NBC settlement money ) to take his family to Hawaii this weekend .
Now if only he would use some of that scratch to buy a razor .
Even if the N900 is n't quite ready for mass market appeal , that does n't mean that it's not the perfect device for many of the Engadget elite .
With impressive power and out - of - the - box hackability , this QWERTY handset is a tinkerers dream .
In fact , Tomasz Sterna has already recompiled the kernel to add joystick ( and mouse ) support .
He then pieced together enough code to turn the N900 into a portable Sixaxis gaming console that brings SNES gaming to any TV .
Fire up the N900's Bluetooth , then kick back and immerse yourself in a land of 16 - bit dinosaurs and chubby Italian plumbers -- good times .
See the finished product after the break .
The ever sharp Bishop Hill blog writes :
While perusing some of the review comments to the IPCC ’s Fourth Assessment Report , I came across the contributions of Andrew Lacis , a colleague of James Hansen ’s at GISS .
Lacis ’s is not a name I ’ve come across before but some of what he has to say about Chapter 9 of the IPCC ’s report is simply breathtaking .
Chapter 9 is possibly the most important one in the whole IPCC report – it ’s the one where they decide that global warming is manmade .
This is the one where the headlines are made .
Remember , this guy is mainstream , not a sceptic , and you may need to remind yourself of that fact several times as you read through his comment on the executive summary of the chapter :
There is no scientific merit to be found in the Executive Summary .
The presentation sounds like something put together by Greenpeace activists and their legal department .
The points being made are made arbitrarily with legal sounding caveats without having established any foundation or basis in fact .
The Executive Summary seems to be a political statement that is only designed to annoy greenhouse skeptics .
Was n’t the IPCC Assessment Report intended to be a scientific document that would merit solid backing from the climate science community – instead of forcing many climate scientists into having to agree with greenhouse skeptic criticisms that this is indeed a report with a clear and obvious political agenda .
Attribution can not happen until understanding has been clearly demonstrated .
Once the facts of climate change have been established and understood , attribution will become self - evident to all .
The Executive Summary as it stands is beyond redemption and should simply be deleted .
I ’m speechless .
The chapter authors , however were n’t .
This was their reply ( all of it ) :
Rejected .
[ Executive Summary ] summarizes Ch 9 , which is based on the peer reviewed literature .
Simply astonishing .
This is a consensus ?
( h/t to WUWT reader Tom Mills )
UPDATE : There ’s an update to the story at Dot Earth .
http://dotearth.blogs.nytimes.com/2010/02/09/does-an-old-climate-critique-still-hold-up/
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Dear Robin
Global warming science and climate policy face a severe and deepening crisis of credibility .
The whole climate agenda is confronted by growing doubt and criticism , not least as a result of the so - called Climategate scandal , the Copenhagen fiasco and the revelations about the IPCC 's alarmist claims based on unreliable sources .
This crisis is shaking the scientific and political establishments to the core .
The scientific community is haemorr­haging integrity and authority at an unprecedented speed and scale .
What we are witnessing is a growing backlash over the suppression of scientific data , the exaggeration of global warming impacts and the maltreatment of climate critics .
While eminent scientists are suddenly calling for more openness and a dialogue with critics of the conventional view on global warming , the UK government has declared war on so - called climate sceptics who are rapidly gaining ground in the eyes of an increasingly sceptical public .
But how can anyone take the government seriously when it stubbornly fails to heed the advice by its own chief scientific adviser ?
Professor John Beddington has publicly rebuked scientists and politicians for exaggerating the impact of global warming and urged an honest disclosure of the uncertainty of predictions about the rate of climate change .
In marked contrast , Ed Miliband , in an interview with your own paper last Sunday , revels in unqualified climate alarmism .
He predicted that the next IPCC report , which is not scheduled to be finalised before September 2014 , would show that the impact of global warming is more dramatic than the IPCC 's 2007 report implied .
Mr Miliband and his senior scientists are ignoring the most important advice outlined by the government 's chief scientific advisor : although the basic science of the greenhouse effect is sound ( ie , more anthropogenic CO 2 means more warming ) what is uncertain is the magnitude and timescale of the effect .
Future warming could be pronounced , it could be moderate or it could be insignificant .
Moreover , it could be eclipsed by other factors that scientists admit are not well understood .
Beddington has made clear that scientists do n't know for sure given the complexities of the climate system .
The problem with climate science and climate policy in the UK is that it is completely controlled by a group of individuals who are convinced that they are right .
As a result , conflicting data and evidence , even if published in peer - reviewed journals , are regularly ignored , while exaggerated claims , even if contentious or not peer - reviewed , are often highlighted in order to scare the public into submission for costly policies .
Above all , the complete failure of Britain 's climate policy in Copenhagen shows that conventional climate policies have no future .
What is necessary now is the development of alternative approaches that are politically realistic and economically feasible .
In order for a new climate realism to be successful , the government and government agencies should start to engage and involve critics of conventional climate politics .
Instead of continuing to follow the futile approaches and failed policies promoted by climate alarmists , policy makers would be well advised to introduce more balanced and more transparent assessments of climate science and policy research .
Best regards , Benny
Dear Benny
Thank you for your email , which encapsulates very neatly the various exaggerations and baseless allegations that are used to support so many global warming deniers ' arguments .
You state that UK climate policy is controlled by a small number of scientists who regularly ignore and suppress inconvenient data and who make continued exaggerated claims about the dangers facing our planet in order to scare the public into submission for costly policies .
It is a perfect conspiracy , in short .
Just why a large number of decent , hard - working , conscientious researchers – involved in meteorology , geology , glacier studies , atmospheric physics , and other climate science disciplines – should suddenly seek to conspire in this unprecedented manner is not explained .
Nor do you provide evidence that they are , in fact , doing so .
Like so much climate change denial , your email is strong on rhetoric but is painfully thin on science or on evidence .
You also state the climate science is suffering a severe crisis in credibility thanks to the failure of negotiators to reach a proper international deal to limit global warming at Copenhagen two months ago .
I am baffled why you should think this is the case .
The fact that these individuals did not understand the kind of risks facing the world , and so failed to reach a proper agreement , in no way undermines the cause of the men and women who have highlighted the dangers and outlined what will happen if we continue to pump billions of tonnes of carbon into the atmosphere .
The fault lies with politicians , not the science .
You also argue that the leaking of climate research emails and revelations about the IPCC 's alarmist claims about glacier melting have dealt a fatal blow to the cause of climate change .
But then you would say that , would n't you ?
It is the nature of the climate denial cause to blow up minimal bits of evidence to bursting point .
The release of the East Anglia University emails is indeed embarrassing , but only slightly , for they contain no evidence of the suppression of significant chunks of science .
And while the IPCC 's failure to properly peer - review that piece of evidence is to be regretted , it was one flaw in a report running to many hundreds of pages .
The basic thesis of the IPCC document still stands : our planet is in danger .
You and other climate change deniers claim that there is no connection between rising carbon levels and global warming and so spend your time nitpicking at every assumption and claim made by scientists about the climate over the next 100 years .
But how comfortable are you about your own cause ?
If we continue on our current trajectory , which you apparently think is an acceptable one , scientists say there is strong risk temperatures will rise by 5C by 2100 .
If that happens , the planet will roast , deserts will spread , ice caps will melt , coastal regions will suffer devastating floods and billions will be left homeless .
The world 's misery will be unparalleled .
You say this will not happen .
But how sure are you ?
Can you demonstrate with the same confidence and transparency as climate scientists that we have absolutely nothing to fear ?
And if you say you can , point to studies that underpin your argument that everything is tickety - boo and will continue to be so for centuries .
Let me be plain .
I believe you and your colleagues are behaving in a hugely irresponsible manner and are putting future generations at immense risk .
Best , Robin
Dear Robin
Since you accuse me of positions that I do not hold and attack straw men which I did not set up , I shall refrain from repeating myself .
Instead , I will try to set out why I believe that both climate science and climate policy are unlikely to recover any time soon from their current predicament .
When it comes to the global warming scare , the factors of shock and novelty have lost much of their potency .
Climate fatigue and cynicism , if not outright scepticism , are becoming widespread among the public , editors and even a number of policy makers .
During the past 10 years , green campaigners and environmental journalists have turned climate change into a mega - scare and climate alarmism into a new " consensus " .
By accusing reasonable critics of apocalyptic hysteria to be " deniers " , they have excluded a sizable section of the ­scientific community from voicing disquiet about the risk this strategy of fear - mongering entails .
For far too long , scientific organisations and the mainstream media did not give appropriate space to authoritative critics of inflated climate alarm .
The reason for the manifest lack of balance is easy to understand : " Unless we announce disasters no one will listen , " Sir John Houghton , first co-chair of the IPCC and lead editor of the first three IPCC reports , stressed as early as 1994 .
There can be little doubt about the aptness of his recommendation :
Without the prospect of near or imminent catastrophe , there would be no social movement and little political pressure for extremely costly and exceptionally risky climate policies .
The distinct lack of balance on global warming ( by leading members of the scientific establishment , environmental journalists and government officials ) is now causing a real backlash .
In fact , the emergence of a powerful counter - culture on the blogosphere is no longer reliant on mainstream media .
It is driven by new technologies and fed by independent bloggers and researchers who increasingly publish their research and investigations on interactive and autonomous media platforms .
You invoke all sorts of worst - case scenarios .
You denounce scepticism and an even - handed evaluation of evidence because any balanced assessment of global warming is likely to further delay any global agreement on costly climate policies .
You greatly exaggerate , without any supporting evidence , the likelihood of disaster , while you ignore the heavy cost , in human as well as economic terms , of the policies you wished to see agreed at Copenhagen and still apparently espouse .
Good science requires a sober consideration of all relevant evidence .
Instead of emphasising certainty and fervour , it readily admits knowledge gaps and uncertainty .
It weighs up all data and arguments unconditionally – pro and con – and evaluates the evidence in an impartial , detached and fair - minded manner , irrespective of political considerations or implications .
In contrast , climate alarmism suffers from a manifest lack of scientific scrutiny .
Instead of carefully weighing up and critically assessing the quality and reliability of the data , alarmists habitually cherry - pick data and interpretations that seem to confirm their conviction that disaster is around the corner .
This manifest bias lies at the heart of the science scandals that have made front page headlines in recent weeks .
Unless the scientific community can stop and reverse this dangerous development , the crisis of credibility science increasingly faces is likely to worsen .
Best regards , Benny
Dear Benny
You flagrantly misrepresent the facts when you claim that " a sizeable section of the scientific community " has been excluded from voicing its disquiet about fear - mongering and climate change .
Only a handful of truly reputable scientists are sceptical about the link between global warming and our industrial activities .
More to the point , that minority is given a vastly disproportionate amount of publicity .
Note the same old faces – the Lawsons and Moncktons – who are trotted out to speak on ­Newsnight or Channel 4 News whenever climate change is debated .
By contrast , there is a vast regiment of scientists , including dozens of Nobel prize winners and hundreds of scientists involved in the preparing of IPCC reports , who can speak persuasively to the other side of the debate and who have made it very clear they believe there is a real danger to our planet if humanity fails to limit its output of greenhouse gases .
You accuse these scientists of cherry - picking evidence – rich coming from a member of the climate denial camp , which does little else but carefully select minute discrepancies in reports but which has shown scant ability to muster a coherent scientific argument of its own .
You also describe proposed measures to limit carbon output as " exceptionally risky " .
In what way do they pose danger ?
Are you really saying that if we develop new technologies , such as wind , wave and tidal power plants , in order to wean ourselves from the use of fossil fuels , that we will directly harm ourselves ?
What utter nonsense .
On political grounds alone , it is simple common sense to reduce our consumption of gas and oil supplies which are controlled , in many cases , by Russia , the Middle East and Venezuela .
And that , at the end of the day , is what makes your cause such a pernicious one .
You are actually happy when an international meeting like the Copenhagen summit fails and consider this to be a good result for the planet .
It is not .
It is a dreadful setback .
You also claim to see conspiracies among climate - change supporters where , palpably , there are none .
At the same time , some of your sister organisations in the US have actually received funds from organisations with ties to the oil and gas industries .
Your cause is debased because it is an advocacy of inaction .
Humanity is showing unusual foresight trying to deal with a problem that will only manifest its worst aspects in several decade .
Yet you willfully misrepresent the scientific process which has demonstrated quite clearly the risks of continuing to do nothing to reduce the billions of tonnes of greenhouse gases that we are pumping into the atmosphere and which resulted in the last decade being the warmest on record .
I therefore repeat my request , which you conspicuously ignored in your last email : can you demonstrate with the same confidence and transparency that is by employed climate scientists that the world has absolutely nothing to fear ?
And if you say you can , point to the studies that underpin your argument .
I strongly suspect you cannot .
That is why you have already ducked the question .
I look forward to your next email .
Best , Robin
Dear Robin
By now , most readers will have noticed you constantly banging on about the link between global warming and CO 2 emissions although this is not a point that I have questioned .
What I am rejecting is the dogmatic certainty with which you claim that global warming will inevitably trigger global catastrophe and that anybody who dares to distrust your apocalyptic predictions is a ' denier . '
Your aggressive rhetoric and line of attack is a strategy of intimidation .
Its real target are open - minded scientists and millions of people who no longer accept the apocalyptic party line and authoritarian policy prescriptions promoted by green campaigners .
You ask whether I doubt that global warming poses a potential risk .
Of course it does .
So do asteroid impacts , nuclear warfare and ice ages , to name just a few .
What these potential risks have in common is that they have a low probability but a high impact .
Just because we cannot rule out any of these risks does n't mean that there is a need for panic measures .
In the case of global warming , I suggest that you accept the advice by Professor John Beddington , the UK 's chief scientist : stop exaggerating the impact of global warming and accept the uncertainty of predictions about the rate of climate change .
I am not advocating political inaction .
Far from it .
While I reject economically damaging and , for that reason , politically unattainable climate policies , I am in favour of adapting to a changing climate and making our societies more resilient , as mankind has throughout its existence .
Today 's and tomorrow's high technologies enable us to do that more effectively than ever before .
What is more , better monitoring technologies it will provide us with more reliable data about the extent and dynamics of climate change .
In all likelihood , we will not know for the next 20 or 30 years who is right or wrong on the scale and impact of global warming .
The stalemate in international climate negotiations is likely to become cemented for years to come .
As long as global temperatures remain more or less stable , as long as climate policies and green taxes are a growing political liability and as long as the deadlock between the West and the rest of the world lingers , we should not expect much progress in the heated climate debates .
I believe the time has come to bring back reason , integrity and balance to a debate that has become irrationally alarmist and all too often depressingly intolerant .
Best regards , Benny
Dear Benny
I am sorry if I have upset your sensibilities , though I find it rich that a climate sceptic is troubled by " aggressive rhetoric " .
The abuse heaped by many of your supporters on those who disagree with them is a lot more offensive than I anything I have said .
You should be able to swallow your own medicine by now .
In its last report , the IPCC said it now thought it very likely that , if left unabated , greenhouse gas increases could make the planet a further 3C hotter by 2100 , and possibly 4.5C to 5C .
If the latter scenario occurs , the consequences could be catastrophic .
Ample evidence to back these precise assertions was supplied by the panel , which is noted for its conservative inclinations and which is certainly not " irrationally intolerant " as you misleadingly suggest .
I asked you , twice , to match this careful forecast and let us know , in detail , what you think is the precise risk of allowing carbon emission rises unabated .
I also asked you to highlight those scientific reports on which you base your claims that the IPCC is wrong and that we have nothing to worry about from greenhouse gases .
But as I predicted , you have been unable to give such assurances , never mind provide scientific backing for dismissing the dangers posed by greenhouse gases .
You have flunked this basic test and instead have attempted to fob off the public with a vague forecast that global warming catastrophe is as unlikely to occur as an asteroid striking the Earth or a nuclear war breaking out .
But which ?
The risks of these two events are very different indeed .
The first is remote but the second is worry­ingly real - why do you think there is such concern about the nuclear plans of Iran , North Korea , and Pakistan ?
You also deny that you espouse inaction .
This is a disingenuous claim - to say the least .
Your whole cause rests on your opposition to the introduction of any climate - calming measures because you think the dangers of pumping of billions of tonnes of carbon into the atmosphere are still not established .
Yet , when pressed , you cannot provide any support for such assertions .
Thus you ask the world to take an astonishing gamble but provide no rationale for taking it .
But then your cause never was based on scientific principles .
It rests , instead , on a bedrock of right - wing , libertarian politics .
Sceptics instinctively dislike suggestions that we need to curb our profligate lifestyles and so seek ways to discredit those who promote such action .
Thus deniers nitpick at evidence and recoil in horror when a single mistake is uncovered in a huge IPCC report - a " crime " for which panel chief Rajendra Pachauri was expected to resign .
Yet deniers ' own literature is littered with grotesque exaggerations and errors .
The egregious nonsense promoted by Ian Plimer in his books , in which he claims volcanoes produce more carbon dioxide than humans , is an example .
Then there is your foundation 's website which was recently found to be displaying a version of a Met Office temperature graph that had been altered so that it obscured the fact that eight of the 10 hottest years on record have occurred in the 21st century .
I note you have not resigned .
You say that we will not know for another 20 to 30 years who is right : the scientist or the denier .
By then , of course , the damage – whatever its nature – will have been done .
So we have a choice .
We can take the option suggested by climate science and act now .
If that turns out to be wrong , we will merely have cleaned up our planet a little earlier than necessary .
However , if you are wrong , then millions of people will lose their homes and possibly their lives .
When you think about it , it 's not a very difficult choice .
Regards , Robin
Knoji reviews products and up - and - coming brands we think you 'll love .
In certain cases , we may receive a commission from brands mentioned in our guides .
Learn more .
Love is a wonderful feeling but being truly in love is the most amazing feeling ever .
A lot of books tells us that you ’ll know it ’s true love when your heart beats fast whenever that special someone is near , you ca n’t eat nor sleep , and when you gaze into his or her eyes you ’ll see fireworks .
Very romantic indeed , but was it enough to say that these were the signs of true love ?
In romance novels yes we could say that , but in real life it ’s much deeper than that .
You ’ll know it ’s true love when :
1 . You have this willingness to talk about and explain being exclusive
If you feel that this particular someone is the person you want to get serious with then , you ’ll be willing to explain to this person why you do n’t want to date others .
With this , you give him or her honesty and loyalty that you are serious with your feelings and intentions , and that you would only want to spend your time with him or her .
This is being fair to your special someone if he or she feels the same way as you do and does n’t want to date anyone else other than you .
2 . You do n’t want to play any type of games and would get serious with the relationship
You would be willing to honestly say that you got rid of your “ little black book ; ” that none of your acquaintance holds a candle to your beloved .
You would honestly and seriously commit yourself to the relationship .
3 . You are willing to go somewhere or do something you hate with someone that you actually love
Your special someone becomes more important than the thing you hate to do or the place you hate to go to .
You do these things not because you have to but because you want to .
4 . You are willing to spend if you are frugal or to save if you are spend - thrift
You are willing to try and experiment on things that you do n’t usually do especially with money .
You have this willingness to examine fundamental beliefs as a direct result of valuing another person and his or her perspective and opinion .
5 . Doing nothing with your special someone does n’t bore you
Doing nothing together sounds terrific for you .
Spending and wasting time in the park , lying down on the grass and watching the clouds pass by for hours makes you feel happy just as long as you are with your special someone .
6 . You are willing to risk being yourself
You show to your special someone who you really are , no mask , nor pretentions .
Sometimes it ’s scary to show things about yourself to a special someone because you ’ll never know what might just turn them off , but if you are truly in love you would risk showing the real you because you would want to be loved for who you are , not for who you ’re not .
If you find yourself doing things what you do n’t usually do for a special someone then , you might just be truly in love with that person .
My partner Brad Burnham wrote a post today explaining why he disagrees with Nathan Myhrvold 's recent Harvard Business Review piece in defense his patent holding company , Intellectual Ventures .
In the post , Brad talks about the power of " permissionless innovation " and says :
The real reason the independent software industry emerged is that operating systems and APIs made it possible for independent software vendors to develop applications independently .
They no longer had to ask permission of the hardware vendors .
This same characteristic of permissionless innovation led to the explosion of independently created services on the internet .
The rampant abuse of the patent system has created the opposite condition for the creators of software and web services today .
Brad ends the post with the following observation :
We have all benefited from the extraordinary innovation delivered first by the independent software industry and more recently by the web services industry .
In both cases , this innovation was a direct result of the ability to innovate without permission .
Nathan proposes to replace this world of decentralized innovation on open platforms with one dominated by a new gatekeeper , " intellectual property market makers " .
In this world , young companies , may not need to ask permission of Dell , Microsoft , or Verizon , before they launch a new web service , but they will have to negotiate with Nathan 's firm to as he puts it " get all the patents they need to roll out an innovative product faster and at the same time reduce the risk that they 'll miss a necessary license and get blindsided by an infringement suit "
I agree 100 % with Brad that software and business method patents are a major inhibitor of innovation .
If you 'd like to engage in a discussion this topic , I 'd encourage you to do so on Brad 's post on the USV blog .
The local tourism board runs a website with webcams
A tourist lost in the dark on a frozen sea in northern Germany has been rescued after flashes from his camera were spotted on a beach webcam .
The man , who has not been named , had become lost after walking onto ice off St Peter - Ording to photograph a sunset , police in the North Sea area said .
A woman watching the sunset via webcam hundreds of kilometres away in southern Germany noticed the flashes .
She alerted police who were able to guide the man to safety .
The photographer , a German tourist in his 40s , could have frozen to death or fallen through the ice , police said .
" He got lost on the ice and could not find the coast again because it was covered in snow , " spokeswoman Kristin Stielow told reporters .
Ms Stielow said local people were well aware of the risk of disorientation as darkness fell and the beach became hard to locate but vivid sunsets over frozen landscapes often drew people away from the shore .
St Peter - Ording is a popular tourist destination known for its beaches and sailing , and the local tourism board runs a website with webcams .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Tony Blair has said the Iraq war made the world a safer place and he has " no regrets " about removing Saddam Hussein .
In a robust defence of his decision to back war , Mr Blair said Saddam was a " monster and I believe he threatened not just the region but the world . "
The former prime minister was barracked by a member of the public as he made his closing statement at the end of a six - hour grilling at the Iraq inquiry .
He said Iraqis were now better off and he would take the same decisions again .
' Safer place '
Family members of service personnel killed in Iraq - and members of the public who got their seats after a public ballot - had been sitting behind Mr Blair in the public gallery as he was questioned about the build - up and aftermath of the Iraq war .
KEY POINTS 9/11 changed attitude to Iraq and meant tougher line was needed Denied " covert " deal at Crawford summit with President Bush in April 2002 over invasion Stood by " beyond doubt " claim over Iraq 's chemical weapons Basis for war was Iraqi breach of UN disarmament agreements not regime change Should have corrected media reporting of 45 - minute WMD claim Second UN resolution preferable but not legally necessary US offered " way out " option if UK could not provide troops Key issues : Blair 's response Analysis : Questions remain Send us your comments
When Mr Blair left he was booed by some members of the public and two women shouted at him " you are a liar " and " you are a murderer " .
Committee chairman Sir John Chilcot asked Mr Blair at the end of the session if he had any regrets about the war , but Mr Blair said that although he was " sorry " it had been " divisive " he believed it had been right to remove Saddam .
" It was better to deal with this threat , to remove him from office and I do genuinely believe the world is a safer place as a result . "
He told the inquiry if Saddam had not been removed " today we would have a situation where Iraq was competing with Iran " both in terms of nuclear capability and " in respect of support of terrorist groups " .
" The decision I took - and frankly would take again - was if there was any possibility that he could develop weapons of mass destruction we should stop him . "
' Covert deal '
Sometimes it is important not to ask the " March 2003 question " but the " 2010 question " , said Mr Blair , arguing that if Saddam had been left in power the UK and its allies would have " lost our nerve " to act .
Anti-war protesters were out in force near the Chilcot inquiry building
He also stressed the importance of taking a " tough line " with Iran , accusing the country of colluding with al - Qeada to destabilise Iraq in the aftermath of the invasion , rejecting claims the UK had taken a " cavalier " attitude to post - war planning .
Earlier witnesses to the inquiry have suggested he told Mr Bush at their April 2002 meeting at the ranch in Crawford , Texas , that the UK would join the Americans in a war with Iraq .
But Mr Blair denied striking a " covert " deal with the US President , saying he had been " open " about what he had told Mr Bush in private that " we are going to be with you in confronting and dealing with this threat " .
Pressed on what he thought Mr Bush took from the meeting , he went further , saying : " I think what he took from that was exactly what he should have taken , which was if it came to military action because there was no way of dealing with this diplomatically , we would be with him . "
But he also confirmed that a year later , on the eve of war , the Americans had offered Britain a " way out " of military action , which he had turned down .
ANALYSIS Peter Biles , BBC World Affairs correspondent : Tony Blair adopted an almost evangelical tone as he mounted a robust defence of his decision to take Britain to war in Iraq .
He remains a " true believer " .
There was barely a hint of contrition or regret , in spite of the fact that bereaved families who lost loved ones in Iraq , were among those sitting behind him in the public gallery .
As Sir John Chilcot concluded the session , the chairman appeared to try to elicit a response from Mr Blair that might go some way to ease the anguish and anger felt by the families .
Mr Blair did not take up the opportunity .
Although he did say he was sorry about the war proving divisive he did not refer directly to the loss of Britons in Iraq .
One of the sisters of Margaret Hassan , the British aid worker who was kidnapped and killed in Iraq , said the only consolation to be drawn from this marathon session was that Mr Blair had been forced to appear before the Iraq Inquiry .
Mr Blair remained utterly firm in his belief that what he did in Iraq , was right .
Few people watching , expected to hear anything else .
" I think President Bush at one point said , before the [ Commons ] debate , ' Look if it 's too difficult for Britain , we understand ' .
" I took the view very strongly then - and do now - that it was right for us to be with America , since we believed in this too . "
On the issue of whether or not military action would be legal , Mr Blair said Mr Bush decided the UN Security Council 's support " was n't necessary " .
He said it was " correct " to say that he shared that view , although it would have been " preferable politically " .
But he told the inquiry he would not have backed military action if Attorney General Lord Goldsmith had said it " could not be justified legally " .
Asked why Lord Goldsmith , after initially saying he thought it would be illegal , in line with all government lawyers at the time , made a statement saying it would be legal a week before the invasion began , Mr Blair said the attorney general " had to come to a conclusion " .
He said he had not had any discussions with Lord Goldsmith in the week before he gave his statement but he believed the attorney general had come to his view because weapons inspectors had " indicated that Saddam Hussein had not taken a final opportunity to comply " with UN demands .
Mr Blair was also quizzed about the controversial claim in a September 2002 dossier that Iraq could deploy weapons of mass destruction ( WMD ) at 45 minutes ' notice .
Mr Blair said it " assumed a vastly greater significance " afterwards than it did at the time .
He said it " would have been better if ( newspaper ) headlines about the ' 45 - minute claim ' had been corrected " in light of the significance it later took on .
' Beyond doubt '
Looking back , he would have made it clearer the claim referred to battlefield munitions , not missiles , and would have preferred to publish the intelligence assessments by themselves as they were " absolutely strong enough " .
But Mr Blair insisted that , on the basis of the intelligence available at the time , he stood by his claim at the time that it was " beyond doubt " Iraq was continuing to develop its weapons capability .
However he acknowledged " things obviously look quite different " now given the failure to discover any weapons after the invasion .
He also rejected claims he manipulated intelligence to justify the invasion .
I never regarded 11 September as an attack on America , I regarded it as an attack on us
Tony Blair , former prime minister
Q&A : Iraq inquiry explained
The view from Baghdad " This is n't about a lie or a conspiracy or a deceit or a deception , " he told the panel .
" It 's a decision .
And the decision I had to take was , given Saddam 's history , given his use of chemical weapons , given the over one million people whose deaths he had caused , given 10 years of breaking UN resolutions , could we take the risk of this man reconstituting his weapons programmes or is that a risk that it would be irresponsible to take ? "
Even up to the last minute Mr Blair said he was " desperately " trying to find a diplomatic solution to the crisis but France and Russia " changed their position " and were not going to allow a second UN resolution .
Saddam Hussein had " no intention " of allowing his scientists to co-operate with UN weapons inspectors , he said , with the regime concealing key material .
' Bigger threat '
Giving the inspectors more time would have made little difference , he added .
He also said Iraq had the " intent " and technical knowhow to rebuild its weapons programme and would have done so if the international community had not acted .
Mr Blair also denied he would have supported the invasion of Iraq even if he had thought Saddam Hussein did not possess weapons of mass destruction , as he appeared to suggest last year in a BBC interview with Fern Brittan .
What he had been trying to say , he explained to the inquiry , was that " you would not describe the nature of the threat in the same way if you knew then what you knew now , that the intelligence on WMD had been shown to be wrong " .
Chillingly , the ex-prime minister showed no regret for his dubious decisions which led us into the worst foreign policy disaster in modern times
Angus Robertson , SNP
He said his position had not changed , despite what reports of the interview had suggested .
Mr Blair was at pains to point out that he believed weapons of mass destruction and regime change could not be treated as separate issues but were " conjoined " .
He said " brutal and oppressive " regimes with WMD were a " bigger threat " than benign states with WMD .
He also stressed the British and American attitude towards the threat posed by Saddam Hussein " changed dramatically " after the terror attacks on 11 September 2001 , saying : " I never regarded 11 September as an attack on America , I regarded it as an attack on us . "
Inquiry chairman Sir John Chilcot began the six hour question session by stressing that Mr Blair was not " on trial " but said he could be recalled to give further evidence if necessary .
Opposition reaction Conservative leader David Cameron said it was too soon to tell whether Mr Blair had misled the country about the reasons for going to war .
" Clearly , some of the information that was put in front of Parliament , the dodgy dossier for instance was just unacceptable and was wrong and should n't happen again but I think we have to wait for Chilcot 's full report before we come to a full conclusion . "
Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg , whose party opposed the war , said he " was not sure if people have learned that much which is substantially new from Tony Blair " , but said it was a " good thing " he had appeared .
" Because that makes it all the more difficult for Britain ever to be taken to war again , simply on the personal whim of the prime minister , " he added .
SNP Westminster Leader Angus Robertson said : " No matter how skilfully he ducked and dived today , Tony Blair 's legacy will forever be that of the illegal , immoral Iraq war .
" Chillingly , the ex-prime minister showed no regret for his dubious decisions which led us into the worst foreign policy disaster in modern times . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Security expert and researcher Aviv Raff has discovered a serious security vulnerability in Adobe ’s Download Manager , which is capable of being exploited by hackers wanting to install and execute malicious content on the PC of a user .
The Adobe Download Manager is used to install updates for the Reader and Flash software using Internet Explorer web browser and the vulnerability poses a serious threat to the PCs of the millions of users that use Adobe ’s popular applications .
According the blog post made by the security researcher , the attack exploiting the vulnerability can be mounted with a combination of a defect in Adobe ’s website and the bug in the download manager .
Mr. Raff was able to successfully exploit the vulnerability , install and execute his own version of Windows Calculator while giving a demonstration to The Register .
Commenting upon the critical vulnerability discovered by the researcher , Adobe spokeswoman Wiebke Lips said in an emailed statement to the Register that “ Adobe is aware of the recently posted report of a remote code execution vulnerability in the Adobe Download Manager .
We are working with the researcher , Aviv Raff to investigate and resolve the issue as quickly as possible . ”
The security patch for the vulnerability is expected soon and will be posted on Adobe ’s PSRIT blog .
Shovel Ready : Nation 's Capital Finds Winter Weather Boon and Boondoggle
Do snowstorms stimulate or stifle the recession - weary U.S. economy ?
WASHINGTON , Feb. 10 , 2010  --
In a town accustomed to starting new government programs to create jobs and spark economic activity , some Washington , D.C. , area businesses are hailing the wintry mess of the past four days as a " shovel - ready " economic stimulus project in the making .
But experts say this month 's storms , with their " historic ' " proportions , are ultimately a net negative for taxpayers , who foot the bill for snow cleanup and the lost productivity of more than 230,000 idle federal employees .
Official Washington was shut down for a third straight snow day -- unprecedented in recent times .
Office of Personnel Management chief John Berry , who decides when to close the federal government , has said each snow day costs taxpayers an estimated $ 100 million in work government employees do n't do .
Federal workers are still paid for the unanticipated days off due to weather .
Other government shutdowns – such as the six - day closure in November 1995 during a budget dispute in Congress – furloughed non-essential workers , thereby saving taxpayers money .
Scott Bernhardt , chief operating officer of Planalytics , a company that studies the economic impact of storms , told ABC News the unrelenting snow and ice that 's hit the mid-Atlantic this year is especially bad news for taxpayers worried about government deficits and the overall health of the U.S. economy in 2010 .
" Many of our governments have all blown their snow removal budgets already ; I do n't know where this money is going to come from , " he said .
Virginia has exhausted its $ 79 million in snow removal funds for the season -- plus a $ 25 million emergency reserve .
Maryland 's $ 26 million snow budget dried up after the December snowstorms and has now spent nearly double that amount on storm cleanup .
In the District of Columbia , where the average annual snowfall is 15 inches , officials say they 've long since used up the $ 6.2 million slated for snow removal this season .
D.C. has had over 45 inches of snow this winter , and 18 inches more could be on the ground by Wednesday night .
The District government estimates the average cost of a fully - deployed snow removal operation at over $ 110,000 per shift .
Wednesday 's storm " is normally a pretty big snow for Washington , " said D.C. Mayor Adrian Fenty .
" But we 've already had two more of these in the past week and a half .
It 's causing major complications . "
Blizzards Are Boon to Some Businesses
But some businesses and retailers are cheering the snowstorms for helping their bottom lines .
" We love the snow ! " Mark Schneider , co-owner of Schoenberg Salt Company , one of the largest distributors of bulk de-icing chemicals in the Northeast , told ABC News .
" January was a very slow month ; now February flipped completely the other way .
Is this a record year ?
No , not yet .
But business has definitely been strong . "
Schneider says his company , which typically imports 500 to 600 truckloads of rock salt each winter from South American suppliers , is receiving calls around the clock from the states of Maryland and Virginia asking for additional de-icing supplies .
For now , he says happily , the company has been able to fill those orders .
But if the latest storm is as bad as forecasters predict – dumping 10 to 20 inches of snow from the mid-Atlantic into New England – existing supplies may reach a " tipping point . "
" You can't just call up and order more .
Shipments from Chile are planned months in advance , " he said .
Keeping up with demand for salt and other winter - weather supplies has been difficult for grocery store chains , hardware stores , and plow owners – many of whom are having an economic boom while the rest of the country struggles .
" Incredible , " said Anthony Bishop of Valley Crest landscapers in Clarksburg , Md. , whose business is plowing driveways instead of mowing lawns this time of year .
" We 've had to bring back our seasonal guys who are normally off this time of year . "
Bishop says he employs 80 to 100 workers , who have been earning significant overtime pay to shovel walks , run snowblowers and operate plows across the Washington metropolitan area .
The storm has also been good for small , owner - operated snow removal businesses .
Heather Medlin , who owns and operates Grass Gators lawn care and snow removal with her husband in Westminster , Md. , said the demand has been so strong that they 've had to turn down new clients .
Lots of calls from people in a hurry , " she said .
Her husband has hired a friend to help out with the 12 regular jobs they have on the books .
" The best thing is that we 've been able to make payments we had n't expected to make through the winter on a loan for a new lawn mower , " she said .
Expert : Despite Bright Spots , Snowstorms Are ' Net Negative ' for U.S. Economy
While many retailers are reporting strong sales of snow - removal goods , steady food and entertainment purchases are also helping businesses ' bottom lines .
Many grocery stores , particularly in the hard - hit mid-Atlantic , say they can hardly keep shelves stocked with staple items .
Hardware stores are sold out of shovels , snow blowers and salt .
And gas stations are slammed with consumers trying to fill up .
Analysts say beer and wine sales , already up during the recession , tend to spike before and during snowstorms .
And some anecdotal evidence suggests condoms have also been in high demand .
But do these economic bright spots from winter weather amount to a shot in the arm for our recession - weary economy ?
Not really , says Scott Bernhardt .
" Sure , you sell a lot more snow throwers , there 's a run on the grocery stores right before a storm , but frankly , who 's going to be shopping at Talbot 's tomorrow ?
Nobody , " he said .
Many businesses -- from restaurants and clothiers to movie theaters and shopping malls -- decide to close their doors during and immediately after a severe storm , resulting in costly lost revenue .
" It 's been a rough week and a half , " said Rockville , Md. , based caterer Mitchell Wool .
" We 're having jobs pulled left and right . "
Bill Kirk , an analyst with Weather Trends International , estimates that the combination of snow storms and frigid temperatures this month could result in retail sales being cut in half from what they were this time last year .
Retailers , by some estimates , already lost $ 2 billion in sales when a snowstorm hit the East Coast on the Saturday before Christmas .
Experts say the financial toll of the latest storms is expected to be worse .
ABC News ' Charles Herman contributed to this report .
When the people who understood such things bid for the 2012 Olympics , they promised many benefits .
A games would regenerate east London .
It would result in the capital getting a first - rate public transport system .
It would provide countless jobs .
And it would be excellent cover for increasing police powers and extending the tentacles of the state .
Hang on , forgive me .
Having checked GrATE ReASonS TO haVE OLimpIX , the list on the B - side of the envelope on which Tessa Jowell and Ken Livingstone originally budgeted the event at £ 37.50 ( bunting excluded ) , I see that the fourth justification is mysteriously omitted .
Happily , though , it appears to be something of a surprise windfall , as this week Colin Moynihan announced plans to expand police powers to allow raids on the athletes ' village , ostensibly to combat doping .
The British Olympic Association chairman has evidently decided Britain 's bursting statute book is not sufficiently equipped to deal with a two - week sporting event .
Fortunately for Moynihan , he moonlights as a Tory peer , so he can use the powers vested in him by this other hat to introduce a Lords bill to remedy the oversight .
As I say , this is fortunate for his lordship , but it does feel rather less fortunate for British citizens .
It 's not just that the plan will be an ostentatiously ineffective deterrent – expert opinion holds that drug cheats tend to stay in privately rented accommodation – nor the vagueness about how Moynihan intends to criminalise substances which may be banned but in almost all cases are legal .
It is simply unacceptable to change the law of the land to enforce the internal rules of a competition .
Amusingly , Moynihan explains : " I do not believe the bill will be contentious . "
Alas , a call to Liberty finds Shami Chakrabarti in deliciously withering disagreement , as well as somewhat mystified that Moynihan is selling the idea on the basis that it will bring us into line with countries like Italy ( there were raids on the athletes ' village at the Turin winter games ) , as though Italy 's policing arrangements were some sort of aspirational template for the rest of the world .
For all the brewing outrage , though , none of this is much of a surprise when you consider the Olympic form book .
It is remarkable how frequently a fortnight - long competition has been used to justify increasing police powers .
In the run-up to the Los Angeles games in 1984 , the 1916 anti-syndicalism act was reinstated , permitting police to arrest and jail anyone who so much as dressed in a manner which indicated gang affiliation , a blitz of sweeps that contributed to the bitter resentment which eventually erupted into the LA civil unrest of 1992 .
In 2004 , for the Athens games , Greece overrode its own constitution to import paramilitary police from other countries .
As for Beijing , how we scorned the myriad clampdowns that attended China 's games , such as the " protest parks " in which people had to apply for permits to protest – permits which were never granted .
Yet last year , supposedly to preserve the official sponsors ' monopoly , both the Met and Olympic officials were empowered by law to enter private homes and seize political posters during the 2012 games .
Meanwhile , the Met blithely announced that they hoped to co-opt all the capital 's 500,000 CCTV cameras instead of the 10,000 they use normally .
" Tracking technology is being developed , " it was declared of the use of identity recognition to monitor crowds .
" A spectator will be tracked from the venue to his or her home with [ their Olympic ] tickets . "
Clearly , the London Games will be used as a cover under which to introduce hugely troubling curbs on individual liberty that may endure long after the event , and anyone who doubts it is directed to a leaked 2007 communique from the Home Office to Downing Street , which proposed , inter alia , wider use of the DNA database , the scanning of mail , and monitoring of individuals via their Oyster cards .
It concluded that " increasing [ public ] support could be possible through the piloting of certain approaches in high - profile ways such as the London Olympics " .
All modern Olympic games already feel as if they take place under temporary martial law , so when Moynihan declares of his plan that " it is important that it should be on the statute book " , we should beg his lordship 's pardon .
It is extremely important that it gets nowhere near the statute book .
The use of a sporting event to justify significant increases in police powers would be unjustifiable at the best of times .
Coming at the end of a decade in which British liberties have been systematically eroded , it should be actively resisted .
Credit card numbers are so passe .
Today 's hackers know the real powerhouse data to steal is emission certificates .
That 's exactly what hackers went after last week when they obtained unauthorized access to online accounts where companies maintain their carbon credits , according to the German newspaper Der Spiegel .
The hackers launched a targeted phishing attack against employees of numerous companies in Europe , New Zealand and Japan , which appeared to come from the German Emissions Trading Authority .
The workers were told that their companies needed to re-register their accounts with the Authority , where carbon credits and transactions are recorded .
When workers entered their credentials into a bogus web page linked in the e-mail , the hackers were able to hi-jack the credentials to access the companies '
Trading Authority accounts and transfer their carbon credits to two other accounts controlled by the hackers .
Under environmental cap - and - trade laws , there 's a limit to the greenhouse gases companies can emit .
Companies that exceed this limit can purchase so - called carbon credits from entities that produce fewer greenhouse emissions than the limit provides them .
The scheme has produced a robust market for the trade of credits .
More than 8 million tons of CO2 emissions worth $ 130 billion were traded in Europe last year .
According to the BBC , it 's estimated the hackers stole 250,000 carbon credit permits from six companies worth more than $ 4 million .
At least seven out of 2,000 German firms that were targeted in the phishing scam fell for it .
One of these unidentified firms reportedly lost $ 2.1 million in credits in the fraud .
The credits were resold for an undisclosed sum .
The buyers , who likely believed the transactions were legitimate , have n't been named .
The German Emissions Trading Authority has suspended access to its databases for a week while an investigation is underway .
The fraud is the latest example of hacks aimed at gaming environment controls .
A year ago , hackers penetrated the Brazilian government 's quota data for Brazilian rain forest products – allowing the illegal poaching of more than 1.7 million cubic feet of timber .
Photo : Coal - fired power plant Scholven in Gelsenkirchen , western Germany ; April 6 , 2005 file photo .
( AP Photo / Michael Sohn )
See also :
Last week we asked Climate Rush to interview David Williams , the director of the first climate change comedy ' Beyond The Pole ' .
In the race to save the world this was boys versus girls and we expected a fight !
Unfortunately love broke out ... read on ...
By Deborah Grayson
Last week a friend of mine tweeted a link to a British comedy called ' Beyond the Pole ' , which was about to premiere at the ICA .
I have to say , I was surprised I had n't come across it before – I may not have my finger on many pulsating cultural pies but environmental - arts crossover projects could be my Mastermind specialist subject , and when I saw that Stephen Mangan ( of Oedipal fame in ' Green Wing ' ) was starring , and that the trailer made it look really , really awesome and funny I felt a bit miffed , like a good friend had failed to invite me to their birthday party .
Anyway , I got over myself enough to buy a ticket , and despite my unfeasibly high expectations it did not disappoint .
' Beyond the Pole ' is a brilliantly observed , character - led comedy , that stealthily delivers an impassioned plea for the future of the planet amongst jokes about bickering gay Norwegians and phone sex via CB radio .
The mockumentary follows deeply committed environmentalist Mark ( Mangan ) and happy - go - lucky best friend Brian ( Rhys Thomas ) as they plan the world 's first unsupported , carbon neutral , organic and vegetarian trip to the North pole to raise awareness about global warming .
Speaking as an activist who 's had more than her fair share of documentary crews pointing cameras at her in the past year , the early scenes are frighteningly close to the bone .
Mark 's earnestness as he stares into the lens and intones , yet again , about the dreadfulness of climate change is a perfect caricature of everything you hope not to be – especially when it 's obvious that he is motivated as much by a broken heart and sibling rivalry as by his impending sense of climactic doom .
But as the film continues and the two friends face frostbite , penile chafing ( on the part of poor circumcised Brian ) and polar bear gorings , the seriousness of their mission becomes deeply affecting .
Somehow , the writers have hit on a tone I have n't seen anyone master before : simultaneously sending up the ridiculous world - saving urge of the environmental movement , and crediting it with the power to achieve something .
It 's a balance that co-writer ( and director / producer ) David Williams was well aware of – he spent years co-adapting the screenplay from the original radioplay by Neil Warhurst and the care they 've taken over it is obvious .
When I speak to David he 's in his ' Soho pad ' ... a.k.a. at home in an office so small he can touch all the walls at once , where the rubbish is now neck high and he has to keep sending his son away without being allowed to play Mathletics in case he steps on a stray DVD .
It 's a pleasingly low key setting for someone with over a hundred films under his belt , a well known actress for a partner ( Helen Baxendale , who executive produced and appears briefly in the film as the intrusive documentary maker ) and the clout to completely source funding in a couple of weeks – 'it 's a great way to get people to commit if you can say ' we 've got to get started right now or our set will have melted !''.
There 's an unpretentious honesty to his whole approach ( such as this entertainingly amateur video of an embarrassed Helen trying to dissuade him from talking to the audience after the London premiere ... ) that is endearing precisely because the end product is so professional .
His involvement in activism has previously been limited to few inexpertly recalled marches – ' that one up in Edinburgh , and one last year – erm – there were lots of people there ' – but Helen was out in Copenhagen for COP 15 , and their respect for the green movement is palpable .
' The people are always fantastic .
At the last march we went to I turned to Helen and said ' I want to be in their gang ! ''
That gang ( my gang ) , though , is obviously far too small for the job , and like many of us , David wanted to find a way to broaden the audience that was even exposed to concerns about global warming .
' I read Revenge of Gaia after we had kids and I suppose it had an effect on me , but I was also aware that I was already converted to it all .
I wanted to make a film that would speak to people that would n't watch ' An Inconvenient Truth ' – to draw people in because it 's funny or because they like the actors .
It 's not about giving people information – there 's very little information in it – it's about connecting with them emotionally .
Most films about climate change try to terrify you into action but that does n't work very often because , somewhat ironically , it 's not sustainable .
You can't keep that level of hysteria up . '
It 's probably too soon to tell if it 's working , but David thinks he 's already seeing evidence that it 's getting traction beyond the usual suspects .
' Definitely there 's people turning up to the cinema or discussing it on the facebook wall that are n't greens . '
Its main appeal , of course , is that it 's funny .
Really funny .
Mangan and Thomas ' onscreen chemistry is a superlative take on the uptight straight man / inept funny man double - act , just keeping the comedy from tipping over into absolute silliness and winning back the laughs in the final act after Mark goes completely nuts and nearly kills them both .
Although Mangan 's renowned talent for improvisation rarely made it into the final cut – ' unfortunately you often have to cut the best bits to keep the film lean ' – the actors ' freedom to try new things out kept the scenes fresh , and there 's a pile of out - takes that David is planning to post online .
It does n't skimp on the supporting roles either – Rosie Cavaliero stands out as Sandra , Brian 's long - suffering girlfriend , and Alexander Skarsgard 's understated flirtation with the oblivious Brian ( culminating in a seat - wettingly funny fight over a biscuit ) shows there is more to him than just being the sexiest man in Sweden .
Yet it 's the more serious moments bought by the laughter that really make the film stand out , and it's because the comedy is so well - pitched the emotional whack of the finale does n't quite hit you until the credits roll .
I 'm sure I was n't the only one leaving the cinema with a grin on my face and a lump in my throat .
With no marketing budget or distributor , David is working all hours to try and get the film on wider release – and depending on fans to spread the word .
Their appearance at the San Francisco Indie Fest last week was almost entirely because of the work of half a dozen very committed fans who managed a lot of the logistics and drummed up support , including a 50 - strong crowd chanting David 's name when he arrived .
( ' Weird ' , he says , ' but fantastic . ')
Unlike crowd - funded ' The Age of Stupid ' , David had access to private funding to get the film made , but ' Beyond the Pole ' is relying on the same sort of grassroots networking to build up its audience .
It 's early days , but films like ' The Yes Men Fix The World ' are also experimenting with these sorts of ' distributed distribution ' , and , if they catch on , they 're techniques that could revitalise the ailing independent film industry , supporting film - makers and cinemas outside the commercial mainstream .
It 's also fitting that films delivering messages of empowerment should be giving their fans such a central role in helping them take off .
( Watch this space for details of a Climate Rush stunt to help promote the film . )
I 'd normally gag a little at the thought of promoting a film being an end in itself , but if watching ' Beyond the Pole ' just inspires people to organise their own screening I actually think it might do something tangible to halt the irresistible rise of the climate deniers and turn the tide of public opinion to embrace action .
It really is that good !
Trust me , I 'm an activist .
check out the film at ...
and join the facebook group ...
February 18 , 2010
Chris Williams , a contributor to the International Socialist Review on environmental issues , looks at the campaign to drown out science on the question of global warming .
AS A result of some bizarre political time warp , just when it seemed like the battle over climate - change - as - reality was over , we appear to have regressed back to the George W. Bush medieval era of non-science passing for science .
A few months ago , it seemed like the remaining few - - though loud and remarkably well - funded -- voices denying that man-made climate change was happening were increasingly marginalized .
Science was back in the saddle in the White House , and the Obama administration was going to ride to the rescue in Copenhagen at the UN climate summit in December .
However , hard on the heels of the fiasco at the climate conference , a series of high - profile disclosures by and about climate scientists has fueled a rebirth of climate change denial arguments .
While none of the disclosures in any way discredit the central thesis that a broad group of climate scientists and scientific organizations agree on -- that climate change is real , man-made and already being felt , with potentially catastrophic longer - term consequences -- the climate change - denial industry and the media have ratcheted up the amplitude against all of the supporting evidence gathered over decades by the world 's leading climate scientists .
Their sources may be murky , their claims dubious and their arguments decidedly potty , but that has n't stopped them from drowning out the science .
Due to skillful media manipulation , distortions of a few hacked e-mails of climate scientists , and a mistake in the predicted rate of the decrease of glaciers in the Himalayas in the 2007 Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change report , the climate deniers -- courtesy of an ever - obliging press -- have been having a field day .
In a 2002 memo , Frank Luntz , political consultant to the Republican Party , laid out the required strategy .
In a section titled " Winning the Global Warming Debate , " Luntz argued :
The Scientific Debate Remains Open .
Voters believe that there is no consensus about global warming within the scientific community .
Should the public come to believe that the scientific issues are settled , their views about global warming will change accordingly .
Therefore , you need to make the lack of scientific certainty a primary issue in the debate , and defer to scientists and other experts in the field .
Despite corporations throwing open the coffers , it 's been hard to find reputable scientists to go for this .
There has n't been a peer - reviewed article denying the reality of climate change and its human origins in any scientific journal for 15 years .
That has n't stopped corporations and individuals with vested interests from putting forth arguments that are equivalent to disputing the theory of evolution or questioning gravity .
Unlike scientists , they do n't need to prove anything .
Using conjecture , high theater and rhetoric , all they need to do is cast doubt in the minds of the public so as to avoid them coming to unpalatable conclusions .
THE DRAMATICS were on display in Washington , D.C. after the recent heavy snowstorms .
Unbelievably , this was taken as proof positive that global warming is n't happening .
Republican Sen. James
Inhofe -- who famously called global warming the " greatest hoax ever perpetrated on the American people " -- had an igloo built in front of Congress , which he invited Al Gore to live in to demonstrate the validity of his arguments .
That well - known climate scientist Sarah Palin similarly called climate change a " hoax " and wrote an op -ed in the Washington Post in December calling for Obama to boycott Copenhagen .
Lord Monkton is a leading climate change denier in Britain .
He has no scientific credentials , but nevertheless gets a broad hearing .
This is despite making several deranged statements , such as comparing the Copenhagen conference to the Nuremburg Trials -- complete with Nazi Youth demonstrating outside .
In a letter to John McCain during the 2008 presidential campaign , Monkton said he believed that Greenpeace has been taken over by communists , and Barack Obama would soon impose his autocratic vision on an unsuspecting American public :
So you see , Obama is in on it ; after all , his Democratic Party believes in the tyrannical , anti-democratic system of command economy administration that we in Europe would call Communism , or Fascism , or International Socialism .
These ravings by non-scientists should be given the derision they deserve as examples of the Homer J. Simpson school of philosophy : " The problem with facts is that they can be used to prove anything . "
Yet instead of recognizing the cartoonish and unsubstantiated nature of climate change - denial arguments , the media report them in lurid detail in order to show " balance . "
This is despite not feeling the need to provide " balance " when it comes to other areas where the public is divided -- such as the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq , for example .
THE MEDIA spotlight and the lack of attempt at explaining the science has sowed the seeds of doubt in the public mind , and created a situation where it is harder to win people to action over climate change .
The concerted attack has had the desired affect : Polls in the U.S. and UK show declining belief in the reality of climate change .
According to a recent poll by the Yale Project on Climate Change and the George Mason University Center for Climate Change Communication , less than 50 percent of adults in the U.S. found global warming " worrying " or " somewhat worrying , " a 13 percent decline from an October 2008 poll .
Fifty - seven percent of respondents said they believed global warming was happening , a decrease from 71 percent in 2008 .
Those who believed global warming was caused by human activity dropped from 57 percent to 47 percent .
In Britain , a November poll by the London Times found that only 41 percent of Britons believed climate change was an established fact .
This forced climate scientist and author Fred Pearce and environmental campaigner George Monbiot , among others , to fight a prolonged rear - guard action , confronting the obfuscations and outright lies of a reinvigorated climate - change denial camp .
In other countries less subject to well - funded conservative political assaults , an opposite trend has emerged .
A much larger global poll by the BBC released in December said concern about climate change has risen sharply across the world .
Nearly two - thirds of the 24,071 people polled in 23 countries said climate change was a " very serious " problem -- up from 44 percent in a GlobeScan poll in 1998 .
In Brazil , Chile , Costa Rica and the Philippines , more than 80 percent agreed global warming was " very serious . "
But in the U.S. , with the lack of leadership from a White House that was elected in part on promises to focus on the issue of the environment , things are moving backwards .
Last week , the state legislature in Utah , by a vote of 56 - 17 , passed a bill condemning " climate alarmists " that questions all of the climate science and calls carbon dioxide in the atmosphere " essentially harmless . "
The law urges the EPA to order an immediate halt to its plans to regulate greenhouse gas emissions " until a full and independent investigation of climate data and global warming science can be substantiated . "
According to a report in the Salt Lake Tribune , during the bill 's hearings , the seemingly unhinged Republican state Rep .
Mike Noel read from a book that described population - control measures such as abortion and forced sterilization and said the comparisons to global warming are clear .
" Now , if you can't see a connection to that , you 're absolutely blind to what is going on , " Noel said .
" This is absolutely - - in my mind , this is in fact a conspiracy to limit population , not only in this country but across the globe . "
Astoundingly , Republicans such as Noel are some of the people that Obama has vowed to " meet halfway " on energy policy .
But we 've seen what " meet halfway " actually translates to .
In his State of the Union speech Obama , commenting on energy policy , said :
That means building a new generation of safe , clean nuclear power plants in this country .
It means making tough decisions about opening new offshore areas for oil and gas development .
It means continued investment in advanced biofuels and clean coal technologies .
This statement represents complete capitulation to the corporations and anti-science , and is a devastating disappointment to all those who voted for Obama based on his presumed scientific sanity on environmental questions .
The words " safe , " " clean " and " nuclear " have no business being used next to each other in the same sentence .
The same can be said for " clean coal , " which is a nonsensical phrase of Newspeak that George Orwell would have been proud to invent .
Meanwhile , offshore oil and gas drilling was something Obama had previously campaigned against , and biofuels , however " advanced , " have been shown to have contributed significantly and directly to the food crisis of 2008 , and ongoing deforestation and soil degradation .
IT'S CLEAR that climate change - denialists are using the leaked e-mails and some scientific disputes on the details of the rate of climate change as an opportunity to trumpet the demise of climate change in its entirety .
The fact that this flies in the face of the conclusions of the U.S. Academy of Sciences and every other reputable scientific organization around the world is n't relevant because it 's part of a political project .
The real reason why these silly claims receive so much attention has nothing to do with the science , and has n't for some time .
Rather , it 's because capitalism is going through an ideological crisis .
That 's why trying to combat the arguments solely with science , as scientists are wont to do , will never silence the contrarians .
The global economic crisis cracked open the ruling consensus on neoliberalism 's supposed triumphs .
Similarly , it opened up a space in millions of people 's minds to the idea that perhaps there was an alternative to unleashing free - market madness .
This idea is being welded to an even more dangerous and subversive one -- that there is a close connection between the ongoing economic crisis and the escalating climatic , environmental and food crises .
Many millions around the world , particularly in the Global South , but also students and workers in the developed world , are growing to hate the bankers for ripping us off , and the politicians for standing by while the corporations set fire to the planet .
It is a short leap from there to begin to see the need to change the system itself -- something that was beautifully expressed on banners at the Copenhagen summit : " System Change not Climate Change . "
This is a slogan for our era .
It reveals , despite recent setbacks , the growing radicalization of the climate change movement , which is slowly changing its focus to class - based arguments for socio-ecological " climate justice , " under the impact of world events and the non-events of international climate conferences .
This political shift , rather than changes in science , explains the new spotlight on climate change denial .
To actually address climate change goes to the heart of capitalism .
While denialist arguments are having a short - term negative effect , there are longer - term changes going on in people 's consciousness as they reach radical anti-capitalist conclusions with regard to the environmental crisis .
The only way to effectively combat the lies is with a political offensive of our own , because climate denial is only one part of the attempt to retain the systemic status quo .
Another is promotion of techno - fixes such as carbon capture and sequestration -- or the Strangelovian and demented idea of seeding the oceans with iron filings to promote algal blooms to absorb excess CO2 , not to mention the market wizardry in the form of cap - and - trade schemes .
This underscores the need to take independent , militant , grassroots action to build organizations against the policies of the Obama administration and the corporations that sponsor it .
The uneven but noticeable switch to more class - based demands based on solidarity and resistance to the system represents a huge step forward for an environmental movement that has for far too long been dominated by individualistic arguments around sacrifice , personal over - consumption and over - population .
Johann Hari , a columnist for the Independent and self - professed reformist , pointed out the way forward in an angry column after the debacle at Copenhagen :
At least we know now : scientific evidence and rationality are not going to be enough to persuade our leaders ... Nobody is going to sort this out -- unless we , the populations of the warming - gas countries , make them .
Politicians respond to the pressure put on them , and every single politician at Copenhagen knew they would get more flak at home -- from their corporate paymasters and their petrol - hungry populations -- for signing a deal than for walking away .
There is only one way to change that dynamic : a mass movement of ordinary democratic citizens .
They have made the impossible happen before .
Our economies used to be built on slave labor , just as surely as they are built on fossil fuels today .
It seemed permanent and unchangeable , and its critics were regarded as deranged - - until ordinary citizens [ and , crucially , the slaves themselves -- CW ] refused to tolerate it any more , and they organized to demand its abolition .
The time for changing your light bulbs and hoping for the best is over .
It is time to take collective action ... The cost of trashing the climate needs to be raised .
We should heed this call to action and set to work organizing a defense of the earth and its people -- who , in contrast to the small minority at the top and their climate - change - denial attack - dogs , have everything to gain from overthrowing the system and nothing to lose .
After all , slavery in the United States was only abolished through a revolution .
This article is cross-posted from Feminist Peace Network .
In Haiti , as is always true in the aftermath of a major disaster , in addition to the urgent need for what we traditionally consider the pillars of immediate aid–food , water , shelter , medical care –there are needs that are specific to women , particularly for pregnant women and mothers with new babies and the need to address the added vulnerability to violence that women face when government infrastructures are dysfunctional .
According to the International Research and Training Institute for the Advancement of Women ( UN - INSTRAW ) and the United Nations Population Fund ( UNFPA ) :
( W ) omen of reproductive age face limitations in accessing pre-natal and post-natal care , as well as greater risk of vaginal infections , pregnancy complications including spontaneous abortion , unplanned pregnancy , and post - traumatic stress .
An increase in violence against women was also recorded ...
...( I ) n natural disaster situations and in post - disaster recuperation , the cases of violence may increase .
" Given the stress that this situation caused and the life in the refuges , men attacked women more frequently .
Additionally as the MIndanao Commission on Women and Mothers for Peace Movement points out :
women suffer most from the impact of climate change and natural disasters because of discrimination and poverty .
The same happened to women victims of Hurricane Katrina and the 2004 Indian Ocean Tsunami as documented in a report on " Gender and Climate Change . "
Tracy Clark - Flory addresses these issues relative to providing aid in Haiti in a piece on Salon ’s Broadsheet :
It is n’t just that women often require special care and resources post - disaster ; human rights organizations say that they could also play a critical role in distributing much - needed aid .
Women " are central actors in family and community life , " says Enarson , and are more likely to know " who in the neighborhood most needs help — where the single mothers , women with disabilities , widows and the poorest of the poor live . "
Diana Duarte , a spokesperson for MADRE , an international women ’s rights organization that has joined the relief effort , put it this way : " Women are often more integrated and more aware of the vulnerabilities of their communities . "
Even beyond the initial emergency response , there lies a long road to recovery that holds other unique challenges for women and girls .
They are " at increased risk of gender - based violence , especially domestic violence and rape but also forced marriage at earlier ages " due to their increased dependence on men for protection and support , says Enarson .
After a disaster of this magnitude , there will also be scores of " newly disabled , widowed or homeless women " in need of help .
MADRE ’s Duarte points out that women ’s generally higher " level of poverty negatively effects their ability to access resources to rebuild . "
Clark - Flory also points to the work of the Gender and Disaster Network which calls for a gender - responsive approach to aid in Haiti and has a wealth of resources on the topic here .
Madre ’s Marie St. Cyr and Yifat Susskind offer this excellent view of what such an approach needs to look like in Haiti ,
All Haitians are suffering right now .
But , women are often hardest hit when disaster strikes because they were at a deficit even before the catastrophe .
In Haiti , and in every country , women are the poorest and often have no safety net , leaving them most exposed to violence , homelessness and hunger in the wake of disasters .
Women are also overwhelmingly responsible for other vulnerable people , including
infants , children , the elderly , and people who are ill or disabled .
Because of their role as caretakers and because of the discrimination they face , women have a disproportionate need for assistance .
Yet , they are often overlooked in large - scale aid operations .
In the chaos that follows disasters , aid too often reaches those who yell the loudest or push their way to the front of the line .
When aid is distributed through the " head of household " approach , women - headed families may not even be recognized , and women within male - headed families may be marginalized when aid is controlled by male relatives .
It is not enough to ensure that women receive aid .
Women in communities must also be integral to designing and carrying out relief efforts .
When relief is distributed by women , it has the best chance of
reaching those most in need .
That ’s not because women are morally superior .
It is because their roles as caretakers in the community
means they know where every family lives , which households have new babies or disabled elders , and how to reach remote communities even in disaster conditions .
Moreover , women in the community have expertise about the specific problems women and their families face during disasters .
Unfortunately , in big relief operations , already - marginalized people are usually the ones who " fall through the cracks .
None of this sits too well with the men ’s rights movement .
Robert Franklin , Esq. has this to say at Men ’s News Daily :
( A) ccording to Clark - Flory , " women in general will be in need of ‘ hygiene supplies ... "
Men and boys apparently will not need those things .
And " women often require special care and resources post disaster . "
Men and boys do n’t need those things either .
Is that because men and boys are supermen who do n’t need help ?
Or is it because they ’re less deserving of it than are women and girls ?
First of all , the piece did not say that men and boys do n’t deserve aid , it said that women have some needs that men do n’t have that also need to be addressed .
Secondly ( having hopefully given female readers time to pick themselves up off the floor from laughing ) –apparently Mr. Franklin , Esq. does not go to the grocery or drug store very often or he would know that hygiene is our oh so clean euphemism for sanitary products–oh wait , that is a euphemism too–okay , excuse my indelicacy –it means tampons and pads that women use when they MENSTRUATE ( there , I said the word ) .
As a general rule , most of the people who use those products are FEMALE .
But if Mr. Franklin , Esq. really feels that he needs them , I ’m sure we can send him a box with explicit instructions on where to shove them .
As for special care , unless men get pregnant and have babies , they probably do not require that assistance either .
Over at Spearhead ( they ’re not subtle are they ? ) , they also object to Gender and Disaster Network ’s " Elaine Enarson ( probably a Swedish woman ) " saying that ,
They are " at increased risk of gender - based violence , especially domestic violence and rape but also forced marriage at earlier ages " due to their increased dependence on men for protection and support .
with this ,
So now when men provide women with protection and support they are suspected rapists , child molesters and batterers ?
Are these strange , foreign women more trustworthy than Haitian girls ’ fathers , brothers and grandfathers ?
I try to refrain from inserting my opinion when I am writing these news pieces , but Ms. Enarson is making one of the most offensive insinuations possible with the above statement , and she is dead wrong .
It is matriarchal societies where women cannot rely on men for support in which women face the most danger .
Really ?
Name one matriarchal society where this is or was so .
And yes , women who are in general more likely to be victims of intimate violence are far more likely to be victimized when they suddenly become more physically vulnerable .
International Research and Training Institute for the Advancement of Women ( UN - INSTRAW ) and the United Nations Population Fund ( UNFPA ) offer this framework for re-prioritizing the way we offer aid :
In the face of obstacles and the needs that have been identified , the evaluation proposes a series of concrete recommendations , amongst which are to : improve the sexual and reproductive health of women and adolescents in natural disaster situations and in post - disaster recovery ; ensure access to contraceptive measures , particularly condoms for the prevention of transmission of HIV ; provide post-natal care ; medicine to combat infections and post - traumatic stress ; provide an adequate response to cases of violence against women , girls and boys ; include the provision of health and legal services ; and improve the security situation of shelters to prevent cases of abuse of power by guards .
The UNFPA is currently working to rush maternal health supplies to Haiti .
As Bill Quigley puts it so eloquently , we need to :
Prioritize humanitarian aid to help women , children and the elderly .
They are always moved to the back of the line .
If they are moved to the back of the line , start at the back .
There are several organizations that are working to provide aid to meet women ’s specific needs in Haiti .
The women ’s human rights organization Madre is ,
working to send support to women ’s human rights defenders .
We are hearing reports of a horror that often accompanies disasters like this – namely , an upsurge of violence against women .
It ’s critical that women human rights defenders in Haiti have the support they need to help survivors and reach out to women who are trying to keep themselves and their children safe in the chaos that has gripped Port - au - Prince .
You can make a donation to help their efforts here .
In addition , the U of t Feminist Law Student ’s Association reports that ,
V - Day is trying to reach our sisters in Port au Prince who run the V - Day Haiti Sorority Safe House , which provides shelter to women survivors of violence and their children , as well as psychological , legal and medical support .
While we have not been able to reach the staff at the Safe House , it is clear that increased help will be needed for women survivors of violence in the aftermath of the earthquake .
Reports state that over 50,000 lives have been lost , and that Port Au Prince has been " flattened . "
You can donate to VDay ’s Haiti Rescue Fund here .
Check out Leslie 's sexy gallery at ComicBookHotties.com .
Do you remember Leslie Bibb from the first Iron Man film .
She portrayed Christine Everhart , who was intimidated by Tony , after their little nightcap .
I always thought she was a character made up by the Marvel crew , but it turns out out her character is indeed in the comics .
Here is a little bio of her character in the comics , You know if they would have announced the Spidey reboot while making the first Iron Man film , and Marvel had the rights to Spidey .
Christine Everhart would have made the perfect crossover between Iron Man & Spider -man .
Too bad it seems they changed the character 's occupation from a Daily Bugle reporter to a vanity fair correspondent , to fit in the new
In the meantime , you can definitely find Leslie Bibb back for the sequel , as Christine Everhart .
She said her character still interacts with Pepper in the sequel , so that should be cool .
Captain Galaxy and Commander Glarcon are locked in mortal combat .
Each mans a battle tank armed with N photonic missiles which move at the speed of light .
They move toward each other at constant velocity=v on a 1 - dimensional track , unable to stop or reverse direction .
Assume v << c .
The probability of scoring a kill with a missile is described by a function f(d ) which monotonically increases from 0 to 1 as the distance between the tanks decreases from infinity to 0 .
If the distance closes to 0 and no missiles are fired , both tanks are destroyed in the collision .
Assume each combatant attempts to maximize their own probability of survival .
Note that this is not strictly a zero - sum game , since it is possible for neither player to survive .
But it is impossible for both to survive .
The state of the game is thus described by three variables :
d=distance between the players
N1 = number of own missiles remaining
N2 = number of opponent ’s missiles remaining
A strategy S( d , N1,N2 ) would describe a combatant ’ actions ( shoot or do n’t shoot ) for all possible states .
If each player has exactly one missile what is the optimal strategy ?
Clearly , if the first player shoots and misses , the 2nd will win by waiting for d to approach 0 and then make a last minute shot .
What if each player has exactly two missiles ?
What if each player has N missiles ?
It may simplify the problem to assume f(d ) is proportionate to 1/d or 1/d^2 and then solve the general case .
There are many ways to look at the past : as a list of important dates , a conveyor belt of kings and queens , a series of rising and falling empires , or a narrative of political , philosophical or technological progress .
This book looks at history in another way entirely : as a series of transformations caused , enabled or influenced by food .
Throughout history , food has done more than simply provide sustenance .
It has acted as a catalyst of social transformation , societal organisation , geopolitical competition , industrial development , military conflict and economic expansion .
From prehistory to the present , the stories of these transformations form a narrative that encompasses the whole of human history .
Food ’s first transformative role was as a foundation for entire civilizations .
The adoption of agriculture made possible new settled lifestyles and set mankind on the path to the modern world .
But the staple crops that supported the first civilizations — barley and wheat in the Near East , millet and rice in Asia and maize and potatoes in the Americas — were not simply discovered by chance .
Instead , they emerged through a complex process of co-evolution , as desirable traits were selected and propagated by early farmers .
These staple crops are , in effect , inventions : deliberately cultivated technologies that only exist as a result of human intervention .
The story of the adoption of agriculture is the tale of how ancient genetic engineers developed powerful new tools that made civilization itself possible .
In the process , mankind changed plants , and those plants in turn transformed mankind .
Having provided the platform on which civilizations could be founded , food subsequently acted as a tool of social organisation , helping to shape and structure the complex societies that emerged .
The political , economic and religious structures of ancient societies , from hunter - gatherers to the first civilizations , were based upon the systems of food production and distribution .
The production of agricultural food surpluses and the development of communal food - storage and irrigation systems fostered political centralisation ; agricultural fertility rituals developed into state religions ; food became a medium of payment and taxation ; feasts were used to garner influence and demonstrate status ; food handouts were used to define and reinforce power structures .
Throughout the ancient world , long before the invention of money , food was wealth — and control of food was power .
Once civilizations had emerged in various parts of the world , food helped to connect them together .
Food - trade routes acted as international communications networks that fostered not just commercial exchange , but cultural and religious exchange too .
The spice routes that spanned the Old World led to cross-cultural fertilisation in fields as diverse as architecture , science and religion .
Early geographers started to take an interest in the customs and peoples of distant lands and compiled the first attempts at world maps .
By far the greatest transformation caused by food trade was a result of the European desire to circumvent the Arab spice monopoly .
This led to the discovery of the New World , the opening of maritime trade routes between Europe , America and Asia , and the establishment by European nations of their first colonial outposts .
Along the way , it also revealed the true layout of the world .
As European nations vied to build global empires , food helped to bring about the next big shift in human history — a surge in economic development through industrialisation .
Sugar and potatoes , as much as the steam engine , underpinned the industrial revolution .
The production of sugar on plantations in the West Indies was arguably the earliest prototype of an industrial process , reliant though it was on slave labour .
Potatoes , meanwhile , overcame initial suspicion among Europeans to become a staple food that produced more calories than cereal crops could from a given area of land .
Together , sugar and potatoes provided cheap sustenance for the workers in the new factories of the industrial age .
In Britain , where this process first began , the vexed question of whether the country ’s future lay in agriculture or in industry was unexpectedly and decisively resolved by the Irish Potato Famine of 1845 .
The use of food as a weapon or war is timeless , but the large - scale military conflicts of the 18th and 19th centuries elevated it a new level .
Food played an important role in determining the outcome of the two wars that defined the United States of America : the Revolutionary War of the 1770 - 80s and the Civil War of the 1860s .
In Europe , meanwhile , Napoleon ’s rise and fall was intimately connected with his ability to feed his vast armies .
The mechanisation of warfare in the 20th century meant that for the first time in history , feeding machines with fuel and ammunition became a more important consideration than feeding soldiers .
But food then took on a new role , as an ideological weapon , during the Cold War between capitalism and communism , and ultimately helped to determine the outcome of the conflict .
And in modern times food has become a battlefield for other issues , including trade , development and globalisation .
During the 20th century the application of scientific and industrial methods to agriculture led to a dramatic expansion in the food supply and a corresponding surge in the world population .
The so - called “ green revolution ” caused environmental and social problems , but without it there would probably have been widespread famine in much of the developing world during the 1970s .
And by enabling the food supply to grow more rapidly than the population , the green revolution paved the way for the astonishingly rapid industrialisation of Asia as the century drew to a close .
Since people in industrial societies tend to have fewer children than those in agricultural societies , this in turn means that the peak in the human population , towards the end of the 21st century , is now in sight .
The stories of many individual foodstuffs , food - related customs and traditions , and of the development of particular national cuisines , have already been told .
Less attention has been paid to the question of food ’s world - historical impact .
This account does not claim that any single food holds the key to understanding history ; nor does it attempt to summarise the entire history of food , or the entire history of the world .
Instead , by drawing on a range of disciplines including genetics , archaeology , anthropology , ethnobotany and economics , it concentrates specifically on the intersections between food history and world history , to ask a simple question : which foods have done most to shape the modern world , and how ?
Taking a long - term historical perspective also provides a new way to illuminate modern debates about food , such as the controversy surrounding genetically modified organisms , the relationship between food and poverty , the rise of the “ local ” food movement , the use of crops to make biofuels , the effectiveness of food as a means of mobilising political support for various causes , and the best way to reduce the environmental impact of modern agriculture .
In his book “ The Wealth of Nations ” , first published in 1776 , Adam Smith famously likened the unseen influence of market forces , acting on participants who are all looking out for their own best interests , to an invisible hand .
Food ’s influence on history can similarly be likened to an invisible fork that has , at several crucial points in history , prodded humanity and altered its destiny , even though people were generally unaware of its influence at the time .
Many food choices made in the past turn out to have had far - reaching consequences , and to have helped in unexpected ways to shape the world in which we now live .
To the discerning eye , food ’s historical influence can be seen all around us , and not just in the kitchen , at the dining table or in the supermarket .
That food has been such an important ingredient in human affairs might seem strange , but it would be far more surprising if it had not : after all , everything that every person has ever done , throughout history , has literally been fuelled by food .
“ A fascinating history of the role of food in causing , enabling and influencing successive transformations of human society .
This is an extraordinary and well - told story , a much neglected dimension of history . ” — Financial Times
“ Dense in revelations , ‘ An Edible History of Humanity ’ demonstrates how food has continually and often radically affected the human story …
Standage brilliantly demonstrates how food has transformed society , sparked wars and facilitated thepopulation explosion . ” —
The Independent
“ It ’s history you can sink your teeth into . ” — Los Angeles Times
“ Standage succeeds in underscoring the crucial role that food continues to play in our lives .
Thousands of years ago , the invention of agriculture shaped early societies .
Today , it connects us to global debates about trade and the environment . ” — Washington Post
“ This is a clever book .
It shows how many hidden forces are at work — political , social , economic — when you sit down for dinner . ” — Sunday Times
“ [ Standage ] writes with an eye to comprehension and a sure touch with anecdote and illustration … his account of the shift from hunter - gathering to settled agriculture [ is ] a masterpiece of summary and explanation . ” — The Guardian
“ The author has done a first - class job of collating available sources and describing complex information in a coherent and easily comprehensible way … a well - researched and written book . ” — Time Out
“ Tom Standage does an admirable job of showing the ‘ invisible fork ’ behind the fate of nations . ” — Nature
“ Standage has some varied stories to tell about food ’s place in history , and makes them all interesting , whether he ’s explaining how the human propagation of random genetic mutations in maize and wheat resulted in staff - of - life grains that could not survive without human cultivation , delineating why and how the European desire for spices inspired world exploration and the field of geography , or writing about the wide - ranging implications on world events of the humble potato . ” — The Globe and Mail
“ Standage ’s highly readable , thought - provoking essay approaches the subject with a longer perspective and with a bit more detachment than has been the norm .
Such a standpoint shows how fundamentally food production has underpinned our existence — everything from settlement - patterns and social hierarchy to military strategy — and the ways in which , economically , we really are what we consume . ” — Scotsman
“ Tom Standage ’s erudite and thoughtful examination of the role of food in history is a timely dose of context for many of the problems that the world faces .
The strength of Standage ’s history is in the detail and in the way in which he persuades the reader to look at historical events through an alternate prism …
Standage ’s case for food as the root of all human development is difficult to refute … a major work worthy of closer inspection . ” — Scotland on Sunday
“ Instead of casting backwards for one thread to stitch everything together , Standage sensibly casts a net , writing not a history of any one food but a history through food .
The emphasis on food as a cultural catalyst differentiates Standage from Michael Pollan , whose plants ’ eye view of the world keeps the consumables central .
With Standage it is not what changes in food that matters , but rather what food changes .
And it ’s not just one food lifting and guiding history , but what Adam Smith might have called the ‘ invisible fork ’ of food economics . ” — New Scientist
“ Offers revelation after revelation about its too - often - taken - for - granted subject … engrossing , thoughtful , and thought - provoking . ” — The Humanist
“ This meaty little volume … ‘ concentrates specifically on the intersections between food history and world history . ’
But history is n’t Standage ’s only concern .
He takes the long view to illuminate and contextualize such contemporary issues as genetically modified foods , the complex relationship between food and poverty , the local food movement , the politicization of food and the environmental outcomes of modern methods of agriculture …
Cogent , informative and insightful . ” — Kirkus Reviews
“ An intriguing history of how hunger has shaped civilizations and prompted technological advancements . ” — Publishers Weekly
On Saturday , as in every year , Baruch Goldstein followers will mark 16 years to the massacre of Muslim worshippers in the Cave of the Patriarchs .
This year 's timing is especially sensitive , as it comes amidst renewed tensions in Hebron following the government 's announcement on the national heritage plan .
In the early hours of the morning , on Purim holiday , February 1994 , he entered the Cave of the Patriarchs ' Muslim complex while wearing IDF uniform , and slaughtered 29 Arab worshippers and injured 125 others .
Dangerous Escalation Hebron : Dozens hurl stones at IDF forces Ali Waked Riots resume in West Bank city following cabinet decision to include holy sites in national heritage list .
Security forces respond with crowd dispersal means .
Palestinian PM
Fayyad prays in Cave of Patriarchs .
Earlier , security forces clash with some 300 Palestinians , left - wing activists near Nablus Hebron : Dozens hurl stones at IDF forces
A blow to the head with a fire extinguisher put an end to the massacre – and to his life .
As years went by , his life and death became a myth among radical right - wing circles .
" He knew that Jewish blood was about to be shed , and so he protected his own people .
Perhaps some were innocent – but war is war , " says Itamar Ben Gvir in an attempt to rationalize the unthinkable act .
" We come here every year to show the Left that suppressing the Right will be met with opposition , " said Michael Ben-Horin , who edited a book about Goldstein titled " Baruch Hagever . "
Recently , the book marked a victory when the District Court ruled that " Lauding Goldstein does not constitute incitement " – a decision that was not appealed by the state .
Ben-Horin , who has never hesitated to speak freely , was convinced of his hero 's virtue : " He prevented a large massacre in Hebron 's Jewish settlement , and we visit his grave in order to implicitly say – Jewish lives are not disposable . "
Paradoxically , Goldstein 's followers credit the Left with establishing their hero 's fame .
They are especially " thankful " to former MK Ran Cohen ( Meretz ) , who initiated a law to evacuate Goldstein 's burial site that was built by his family members .
Baruch Godstein 's gravestone
" He only strengthened what many already admired about him , " said right - wing activist Noam Federman , " Six years after the incident , the state and the Left removed all the symbols that gave the burial site the character of a memorial monument .
Many Jews saw it as an attempt to squash the memory of a man who prevented a Jewish massacre in Hebron . "
Former Knesset Member Ran Cohen ( Meretz ) says that " what members of Kach built was no less than a monument to commemorate a nefarious crime . "
The bill he legislated , Cohen explained , prevented teens from gathering at the site and getting educated to follow Goldstein 's way .
" Their aim was to educate to terror .
The phenomenon surrounding Goldstein brings to mind a crazy ritual .
This whole practice is criminal and is being portrayed as having a Jewish spirit , " he said .
" All these insane ' Goldsteinites ' are enemies of Israel and belong to a strand that is by and large anti-Zionist .
Whoever enters a synagogue in Jericho during a period of calm and provokes hatred and hostile activity is a terrorist – and the state should treat them accordingly , " Cohen adds .
Criticism not only from Left
Peace Now member Hagit Ofran claimed that Goldstein 's followers who uproot trees as part of their struggle over control of West Bank lands , represent the " ugly Jew " and reaches new levels of a moral low .
" Those who praise terror acts and call for the slaughter of innocents symbolize everything that is evil and cowardly in our country , " Ofran said .
Peace Now is not the only one spewing criticism at Goldstein admirers .
Realistic Religious Zionism member Yonatan Urich says that " very few normative people will show support for an act like the one perpetrated by Goldstein , but on the other hand , they do not explicitly condemn his actions either , " he said .
Urich adds that he often hears comments such as " Goldstein was a saint , but did unthinkable actions . "
According to the same logic , Urich noted , " One can assume Stalin was a nice guy who did horrible things . "
Goldstein 's burial site has become a sort of spiritual center , where barren women and sick people come in order to ask for remedy .
However , far - right activists reject this notion , claiming it resembles " Pagan practices . "
Either way , if weather conditions allow , dozens of followers will visit Goldstein 's grave on Saturday , where they will celebrate the memory of a man responsible for the lives of 29 Muslim worshippers and the further escalation of the conflict in Hebron .
Police said they are prepared for the possibility of riots breaking out throughout the city , especially given this year 's sensitive timing .
Not that they should n't cover it !
But that they should not use this tragedy to advance their particular ideological points .
Tonight on The Daily Show , Jon Stewart made this point in a humorous way .
Also slammed : Pat Robertson .
#teamjonstewart
A Radio Shack on Sixth Avenue and 19th St. in Manhattan has been totally destroyed after a manhole explosion at about 11:30 reportedly " sparked a transformer fire . "
Looks seriously apocalyptic .
Daily
Intel got this amazing photo ; aftermath photos below .
Explosion pic by Austin Riggs on Daily Intel .
Pics below from tipsters ( if you have more pics , email us ) .
No word yet on injuries or deaths .
Fox 5 reports :
The front of a Radio Shack store was smoldering in the aftermath .
There was damage to several floors above the store .
A Bally 's Total Fitness and an Apex Technical School location was also damaged in the blast .
UPDATE : Oh Josh Marshall and the TPM crew are thankfully unharmed .
UPDATE 2 : Yet more pics of the scene :
Embattled science writer Simon Singh writes to say that he has an unusual idea , and one , he thinks , that might just work .
Below I republish in full his mass mailing of this evening …
www.libelreform.org/sign
My idea
My idea is simple : if everyone who has already signed up persuades just one more person each week to sign the petition then we will reach our goal within a month !
One person per week is all we need , but please spread the word as much as you can .
In fact , if you persuade 10 people to sign up then email me ( simon@simonsingh.net ) and I promise to thank you by printing your name in my next book … which I will start writing as soon as I have put my own libel case behind me .
I cannot say when this will be , but it is a very real promise .
My only caveat is that I will limit this to the first thousand people who recruit ten supporters .
When persuading your friends remember to tell them :
English libel laws have been condemned by the UN Human Rights Committee .
These laws gag scientists , bloggers and journalists who want to discuss matters of genuine public interest ( and public health ! ) .
Our laws give rise to libel tourism , whereby the rich and the powerful ( Saudi billionaires , Russian oligarchs and overseas corporations ) come to London to sue writers because English libel laws are so hostile to responsible journalism .
( In fact , it is exactly because English libel laws have this global impact that we welcome signatories to the petition from around the world . )
Vested interests can use their resources to bully and intimidate those who seek to question them .
The cost of a libel trial in England is 100 times more expensive than the European average and typically runs to over £ 1 million .
Three separate ongoing libel cases involve myself and two medical researchers raising concerns about three medical treatments .
We face losing £ 1 million each .
In future , why would anyone else raise similar concerns ?
If these health matters are not reported , then the public is put at risk .
My experience has been sobering .
I ’ve had to spend £ 100,000 to defend my writing and have put my life on hold for almost two years .
However , the prospect of reforming our libel laws keeps me cheerful .
Thanks so much for your support .
We ’ve only got one shot at this – so I hope you can persuade 1 ( or maybe 10 ) friends , family and colleagues to sign .
Massive thanks ,
Simon
While some investors have expressed concern that Apple cannot continue its level of innovation attained thus far with the iPhone , one analyst believes the Verizon network will be the " next big feature " for Apple 's handset .
Apple can maintain its " rapid pace of innovation , " analyst Gene Munster of Piper Jaffray said Wednesday , as it prepares to enter the second chapter of the iPhone story , through software and accessories , as well as the Verizon network .
In a note to investors , he said he believes that the platform could see 40 percent growth in the calendar year 2010 .
" We continue to believe there is a 70 % chance that Apple will launch the iPhone with Verizon in mid-CY10 , " Munster wrote .
" Currently , the iPhone is available to 82 m AT&T subs in the U.S. ; adding Verizon would more than double the addressable market , adding 89 m U.S. customers . "
Munster 's 70 percent figure is borrowed from colleague Chris Larsen , Pipe Jaffray 's telecom services analyst .
He has forecast favorable odds for Apple to align with Verizon and launch a new handset capable with the CDMA network in 2010 .
As of late , analysts have been torn on the prospect of the iPhone debuting with Verizon in 2010 .
Some feel a deal is unlike and too complicated to be hammered out in the next year , viewing T - Mobile and its iPhone - compatible GSM network as a more likely option .
But other recent rumors suggest Apple has been in talks with chip maker Qualcomm for a potential new CDMA - compatible iPhone model .
Beyond Verizon , Munster also expects the iPhone to see rapid expansion in the realm of applications and accessories .
He believes that the addition of various external accessories that could work with accompanying App Store software , or new built - in features like RFID , could add even more functionality to the device .
" We 've just scratched the surface , " said Munster .
In November , reports surfaced that Apple built new iPhone prototypes with hardware support for sensing RFID chips .
Such technology could enable a variety of technologies such as swipe payments , allowing the handset to be used to pay for items at checkout , or to gather information from kiosks or objects .
" The iPhone could feasibly become a full digital wallet , similar to other phone models in select use cases worldwide , " he said .
" But with Apple , the iPhone , iPod touch and iTunes accounts that each have an associated credit card , is uniquely positioned to make mobile payment a reality in the U.S.
While limitations still exist in terms of payment receipt terminals at gas stations , restaurants , public transit facilities , etc. , we believe that over the next several years Apple will extend the iPhone 's functionality with a widely available mobile payment platform . "
Colin Ward , who has died aged 85 , lived with the title of Britain 's most famous anarchist for nearly half a ­century , bemused by this ambivalent soubriquet .
In Anarchy in Action ( 1973 ) , he set out his belief that an anarchist society was not an end goal .
Following Alexander Herzen , the writer and thinker known as the " father of ­Russian socialism " , Colin saw all distant goals as a form of tyranny and believed that anarchist principles could be ­discerned in everyday human relations and impulses .
Within this perspective , politics was about strengthening ­co-operative ­relations and supporting human ingenuity in its myriad vernacular and everyday forms .
One of Colin 's favourite metaphors – adopted from a novel by Ignazio Silone – was the image of the seed beneath the snow , which suggested to him that anarchist principles were ever alive and prescient .
He thought it was the work of politics to nurture such beliefs and to support them through small - scale initiatives , avoiding the temptation to replicate or scale them up to a level beyond which professional bureaucracies take over .
He was fond of contrasting the vocabulary of self - organisation , with its friendly societies , mutuals , ­co-operatives and voluntary associations , with the nomenclature of the state and private sectors with their directorates , corporations , boards and executives .
Colin was the author of almost 30 books on subjects that ranged from allotments , architecture , self - build housing , ­children 's play , education , postcards and town planning to water distribution and anarchist theory , many of which gained him an international ­following .
His book The Child in the City ( 1978 ) , frequently reprinted , influenced planners and teachers from ­Liverpool to Latin America .
Arcadia for All : The Legacy of a Makeshift Landscape ( 1984 ) , written with planner Dennis Hardy , opened up a whole new field in 20th - century social history around self - organised communities and the ­Millian belief in the democratic importance of experiments in living .
Another book , The Allotment : Its Landscape and Culture ( 1988 ) , with David Crouch , held the line for this uniquely friendly form of local self - sufficiency during the barren years of centralised land use planning , making Colin a hero of today 's environmental activists , including the young George Monbiot .
Colin was born in Wanstead , Essex , the son of a teacher and a shorthand typist .
Both were Labour supporters and Colin remembered hearing the anarchist Emma Goldman speak at a 1938 London May Day rally , and attending the 1939 Festival of Music for the People , in aid of the International Brigades , featuring Benjamin Britten 's Ballad of Heroes .
On leaving school aged 15 , Colin went to work for the architect Sidney Caulfield .
Conscripted in 1942 , Colin was posted to Glasgow , where he fell in with the city 's lively anarchist movement .
He was then transferred to Orkney and Shetland for the remainder of the war .
In 1945 , as a subscriber to the radical newspaper War Commentary , Colin was summoned as a witness at the Old Bailey trial of the paper 's editors , John Hewetson , Vernon Richards and Philip Sansom , who were accused of promoting disaffection and received prison sentences .
Throughout the 1940s and 50s , while working for the architect Peter ­Shepheard , he wrote and edited articles for Freedom , the anarchist newspaper , where he developed the abiding themes of his life .
He subsequently edited the journal Anarchy from 1961 to 1970 .
In his editorial and political work , he befriended and cultivated younger activists and writers such as Hugh Brody , Stan Cohen , Ray Gosling , Tony Gould , Richard Mabey , Carole Pateman , Kate Soper , Laurie Taylor and Jock Young .
Many of these went on to write for the newly established weekly , New Society , an intellectual home that came ready - furnished as a result of Colin 's widening influence at this time .
In 1966 , he had married Harriet Unwin , a young widow with two children , Tom and Barney , and in 1968 they had a son together , Ben . Colin also acted as a guardian to two other boys , Alan and Doug Balfour , after the Balfours ' mother died .
This companionable , happy marriage of kindred spirits was longlasting .
Colin and Harriet ­subsequently established a network of international friendships , first from their home in London and , latterly , in Suffolk – Colin spent a small fortune on photocopying in the local public library – as well as by telephone .
While working as an education officer for the Town and Country Planning Association between 1971 and 1979 he wrote Streetwork : The Exploding School ( 1973 ) , with Tony Fyson , and ­established the Bulletin for Environmental Education .
The point of both initiatives was to help get children out of school and into their communities , to talk to local people , and explore their neighbourhood , its amenities and utilities , and understand how buildings , streets , ­landscapes and social life interact .
This led to Colin 's focus on the unique world of childhood which , in the end , may prove to have been his – and anarchism 's – most enduring contribution to social policy .
There were many other collaborations .
With the novelist Ruth Rendell , Colin wrote a Counterblast pamphlet in 1989 , Undermining the Central Line , in favour of a revitalised local democracy ; in 1998 he produced Sociable Cities : Legacy of Ebenezer Howard , with the urbanist Peter Hall , to commemorate the centenary of Howard 's seminal work on garden cities .
In 2003 , the film - maker Mike Dibb recorded Colin in conversation with the writer Roger Deakin , at the Wards ' home in Debenham .
This is available on DVD .
To see Deakin ( who died in 2006 ) and Colin together , talking freely of the delights of the natural world and the varied people in it , is to be reminded of a politics of life and possibility that stubbornly refuses to go away .
Colin is survived by Harriet , his son , stepchildren and wards .
• Colin Ward , author and social theorist , born 14 August 1924 ; died 11 February 2010
• This article was amended on 1 March 2010 .
The original stated that the " democratic importance of experiments in living " was a ­Lockeian belief .
This has been corrected .
CALEBASSE , Haiti —
When the American Baptist missionaries came into this small village perched above the destroyed capital , Maggie Moise willingly gave away her 9 - year - old twins .
She says she believed the boys would be better off growing up in safety in the Dominican Republic , as the missionaries promised .
She waved goodbye as they were loaded onto a bus along with about 20 other children from here .
" The country is going to be bad for some time .
I can not help my children .
So I gave my boys to the white people , ” Moise , who has eight children , told GlobalPost .
The 10 missionaries , who were arrested last week while trying to take 33 children , including Moise 's two sons , into the Dominican Republican without documentation or permission , were charged Thursday with child kidnapping and criminal association .
The kidnapping charges carry a possible prison sentence of five to 15 years , and the criminal association counts have potential sentences of three to nine years .
They will face a criminal justice system in a country where the government is barely functioning amid the destruction and the chaos of the earthquake .
The missionaries ' intentions for the children , as well as the manner in which they gathered them , has raised many troubling questions in a country which has long suffered from child trafficking .
According to Unicef , as many as 2000 children may have been trafficked in Haiti last year through criminal gangs .
The fear is that this may just be the tip of the iceberg , with many children , including orphans , vulnerable to exploitation , black - market adoption and child prostitution rings .
The village of Calebasse is located in the hills above Port - au - Prince , looking down on the mile after mile of rubble that is the capital .
In interviews with GlobalPost , Moise and other residents described what happened when she and other residents relinquished their children in exchange for a promise that they might be better off .
Moise said her sons , Volmy and Kimley , were taken by the American Baptist missionaries , believing they would return to Haiti when they were older .
Moise , like other parents from the Haitian village of Calebasse , said she did n't believe she was putting her children up for adoption .
The missionaries , most of them members of a Baptist congregation in Idaho , said the case is a misunderstanding .
They said they were saving desperate , abandoned children who had been orphaned in the earthquake .
The case has come to involve the highest levels of the U.S. government , including Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , who tried to intervene , but still the Haitian courts appear to be intent on prosecution .
The missionaries took the children from the remote village of Calebasse , which is an hour and a half trek from the destroyed capital by a treacherous dirt road .
The breathtaking mountains were beyond the reach of the quake , save some minor damage .
Moise said she was contacted by called a man named Isaac who worked in the village 's orphanage .
Isaac told her “ some white people ” wanted to help her family , to provide a better life for them .
After negotiations with the American missionaries , with the local man acting as go between , she signed a paper allowing her sons to leave with the group .
Moise explained , " They told us ‘ do n’t worry everything will be fine ’ .
They put the names of the children on a paper and asked me to sign the paper to accept .
The white woman told me , ' Do n't worry you will be able access your children . '
They showed me a brochure of the place where the children would be going to live . "
Moise said the American missionaries showed her pictures of a veritable paradise where her boys could grow up in safety and security before returning to help their parents .
Moise denied accusations that they had been given money for their children , or that they wanted their children to be put up for adoption .
" They told us they were going to help my boys .
I gave them my boys because there is nothing for them here . "
Chesner was one of the 33 children taken by the missionaries , along with four of his siblings .
Chesner said the missionaries came to meet his mother and told her , through intermediaries , that he would be better off with them in the Dominic Republic , because of “ all the problems with health now , with flies from the dead bodies . "
GlobalPost eventually found this mother , Anna , in a badly damaged area of Port - au - Prince above the airport .
She was reluctant to talk and denied any knowledge of a Haitian - American pastor who apparently assisted the Baptist missionaries in Port - au - Prince .
" I do n’t know the pastor , " she said , as an inquisitive crowd gathered outside the broken school that is now her home .
Some of the crowd urged her not to talk .
" I cannot talk because the police are investigated and they told me not to talk to journalists . "
Calebasse residents and family members said villagers had gathered on a dirt soccer field as the Americans loaded as many children as they could on to a bus .
" When the white woman came to take my twin sons , she said she wanted to take even more children , " Moise said .
" They wanted to take so many with them .
But the bus could not fit any more children . "
At a camp near the airport , a group of orphans were being cared for in flimsy shacks constructed out of cardboard boxes .
The orphanage where some of these children were previously living , the Children ’s Foundation of Haiti , was destroyed in the earthquake and this is where they had ended up .
The father and son who run the orphanage said they had been approached by an American man offering money for children .
He told them he was a pastor .
The director , Joseph Marcel , said the pastor donated money and food and asked if he could take three young children to the U.S.
The American man specifically selected three young girls .
He did not tell them his full name or any other details but promised to return to collect them in two weeks , Marcel said .
Marcel said he thought the man was just trying to help .
" He told me that he 's very sorry for what has been happening but that he just wants to help them , " said Marcel .
" If someone wants to take them to the States with them , that would be good , but let 's do it properly . "
Editor 's note :
This story was updated to correct the number of children taken from Calebasse , to more accurately describe the missionaries ’ arrest and to correct the spelling of Calebasse .
One thing Caprica will have in common with its parent show , Battlestar Galactica : Gnarly , uncompromising characters who'll make choices you wo n't like .
We talked to star Paula Malcomson and producer David Eick about the bad mother who birthed the Cylons .
Advertisement
Oh , and there are some minor spoilers in this post , but nothing serious .
Actually , the picture above might be slightly spoilery , but it 's just such an amazing image of Amanda , I had to use it .
Malcomson plays Amanda Graystone , the mother of Zoe Graystone , the spoiled teen girl who becomes the first Cylon in the show 's pilot .
Graystone is n't exactly the greatest mother in the world , and she makes some choices in the first few episodes of the show that you may make you scream at your television set .
Advertisement
We took part in a conference call with Malcomson and Eick earlier today , and we got the chance to ask them about how you handle a bad mom like Amanda .
Does Malcomson have a hard time playing such an unsympathetic character ?
Malcomson says , " It 's definitely something that occurs to you in the back of your mind , but as an actor you have to set aside your own judgments as to whether the character is good or bad ...
Being a good actor is sort of understanding the complexity of the human psyche and also knowing that we are none of us perfect .
But yes , it was tough , and I did think that , particularly , men would find this character unsympathetic .
I just tried to … tap into the loss and the pain , and the fact that she has made mistakes and go from there … you know . "
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Eick adds that he does n't think there 's any room for the trope of " sympathetic characters " on shows like Caprica , any more than there was on BSG .
" Audiences like challenging characters .
[ There 's ] no room for black and white , [ only ] morally gray . "
And he adds that you 'll find Amanda unpredictable and weird : " Sometimes you expect her to lose her shit and she holds it together , and vice versa .
That 's part of the charm of the show . "
Advertisement
Also ,
Eick explained more about what 's new and different in the version of the two - hour pilot that airs on Friday , as opposed to the version many of us already bought on DVD .
" The version that airs Friday is tricked out with a couple of new shots and visual effects and some new scenes we reshot . "
In particular , there 's one huge new sequence that was too expensive to include on the original version , because the show had n't been picked up as a series yet .
The sequence , involving Daniel at a Pyramid game , was so expensive to create , the cost had to be amortized across the cost of the rest of the show 's first season .
But it 's totally worth it , says Eick , because it'll " enhance and amplify the spectacle of this world .
One of the aspects of the Caprica universe is that they have sports , and they like them , and they 're huge .
In that way they 're [ representative of how ] this is a culture from which our culture descended , for those who are embroiled in the mythos . "
Advertisement
As for the oft - repeated shibboleth that Caprica is more aimed at female viewers than the spaceship - heavy BSG , Eick says a lot of the ardent BSG fans he encountered during that show 's run were women , and he never had a sense that BSG 's audience skewed heavily male .
" In general terms , I do recognize that a female audience might be inclined to watch something [ that tells a story ] in soap - operatic terms , without the accompanying visual ghetto of spaceships and shots of outer space …
But certainly that was not a motivation for not setting the show in space …
The motivation was to make it as different and unique from BSG as possible . "
Advertisement
And yet , Caprica does n't just deal with similar themes to BSG , it also handles them the same way : with character - based storytelling .
Says Eick , " Nothing 's different , which is to say , whether you 're telling a story in the realm of a combat level spacecraft where everyone is battle - weary and definitely hoping to survive , or in an environment like Caprica , where we 're in a much more terrestrial world [ which is ] much more expansive , the focus is still on character .
Whether the theme happens to be what kind of moral values are necessary for technological advancement … or the nature of the human soul , those themes still get explored on a point of view level , in terms of character …and character is where we start our story .
[ It 's ] not terribly plot driven .
[ The audience is there ] for The Sopranos , Mad Men , Grey 's Anatomy , The Wire , The Shield , and [ other ] shows that are about delving into the character . "
Eick also downplays the idea that the show 's recent change of showrunner from Jane Espenson to Kevin Murphy will mean a major change in the pace or style of the show 's second half .
Caprica 's just had the same evolution as every other first - season show , discovering the right pace and mix of elements .
With BSG , " the show needed to find its legs , " and answer questions like , " how serialized is it going to be , how much action , how much esoterica from the Cylons ' standpoint ? "
Along with which arcs would be left dangling and which ones would be wrapped early , and which characters would die off .
" The showrunner change was a function of practicality and aiming weapons where they are best used . "
That said , Eick says Caprica does get better as it goes along , just like every good show .
Caprica is about a week away from wrapping filming on its first season .
Advertisement
Eick adds that a lot of " very deliberate decisions " went into making Caprica stand on its own , and having the show 's " Battlestar connective tissue as sparse as possible ...
Hopefully we 're telling great stories very , very well .
In no way are we relying on the Battlestar faithful to carry the show . "
Name Email Question
Thank you for submitting your question .
Last fall , when Lisa G Cafe Wine Bar owner Lisa Giungo told me she was selling her business to take a break from the hectic pace of entrepreneurship , it initially struck me as gloomy news , especially considering the work she 'd put into transforming the Seventh Street bungalow into a cozy restaurant .
But once I learned more about the new owners , Matt and Courtney Diamond , I was hopeful that it would flourish in its new incarnation as The Main Ingredient Ale House & Café .
The young couple has been acquainted with Giungo for years and is fulfilling a dream by finally starting their own place .
Later , after I blogged about the news on Chow Bella , I got an out - of - the - blue message from Postino owner Craig DeMarco , who only had nice things to say about Matt Diamond , his former employee .
Ca n't say I 've ever gotten an unsolicited call from any restaurant owner giving props like that before .
Info Main Ingredient Ale House 2337 North Seventh Street 602-843-6246
www.tmialehouse.com
Hours : 11 a.m. to 11 p.m. Monday through Thursday ; 11 a.m. to midnight Friday and Saturday Pro-Pasto : $ 10
The Winner Salad : $ 9
Coronado Coney : $ 6
The Sheridan sandwich : $ 9
Diamond also honed his chops in the wine biz by working for two other Valley wine experts , Peter Kasperski ( Cowboy Ciao , Kazimierz , etc. ) and Tom Kaufman ( Humble Pie ) .
At The Main Ingredient , his affordably priced selection of 21 wines by the bottle ( 14 of which are also by the glass ) has a spectrum of styles from the West Coast , including a couple of Arizona picks ( Page Springs Cellars and Arizona Stronghold ) .
After visiting The Main Ingredient several times since it opened a few weeks ago , I completely understand where DeMarco 's vote of confidence comes from .
The food is tasty , the staff is welcoming ( if a little green yet ) , and there 's a great energy going on .
This is n't a " wine bar , " though .
Diamond told me he thought the term was getting tired and was hoping to emphasize craft beer by calling The Main Ingredient an " ale house " instead .
He 's got five AZ brews among the eight on tap , along with 20 bottles and cans .
If you want to go cheap , there 's two - dollar Schlitz and Miller High Life mixed in with beer - geek faves like Bear Republic Racer 5 and Deschutes Black Butte Porter .
Honestly , this is what the place needed .
As much as I was a regular supporter of Lisa G , I was constantly racking my brain to figure out why the cafe was n't busier .
Since I 'm just as likely to be knocking back pints of IPA with the boys as I am to be sipping flavored martinis with the girls , I kept coming back to the notion that a few more hearty dishes and microbrews might have made it more guy - friendly .
The Bowl of Balls ( Italian meatballs from an old family recipe ) was killer , but somehow not enough .
The crowd nowadays is fully coed , mostly 20 - and 30 - somethings huddled around high tables or lounging on the couch as vintage hip - hop and soul tracks thump on the stereo .
Not a lot has changed about the physical space — the banquette at the back is gone , there 's more seating , and the art celebrates Diamond 's musical tastes — yet the atmosphere is quite different .
Later at night , the place is bangin ' , sort of a mini-Roosevelt - meets - Postino , and the front patio gets busy , too .
It 's more than just a neighborhood watering hole , though , with a full menu of craveable sandwiches and salads .
The Coronado Coney is one of the star choices , a jumbo all - beef hot dog from Schreiner 's Fine Sausage ( just up the street ) .
For me , the appeal was its simplicity — a flavorful , juicy frank , a bit of red onion and Nut Brown
Ale mustard to punch it up , and a top - notch sourdough roll to hold it all together .
Tuna salad is something I often seek out , and I liked this recipe a lot — chopped eggs and bits of Kalamata olive made it distinctive .
As a sandwich , it was teamed with tomato and melted havarti on sourdough , while its salad version featured a pile of field greens tossed in lemony vinaigrette .
Even if this is an " ale house , " the seasonal salad , with greens , candied pecans , Gorgonzola , Anjou pear , and sherry vinaigrette , was as good as any you 'd find at the best wine bars in town .
Same goes with The Winner , a combination chopped / Cobb salad with greens , romaine , hard - boiled egg , Kalamata olives , salami , turkey , tomato , and fresh mozzarella dressed in lemon vinaigrette .
Diamond mentioned that he was especially proud of the griddled cheese sandwich , so I had to try that as well .
Nicely done !
The sourdough bread was golden and buttery , and cool slices of ripe tomato were a delicious contrast to the gooey blend of melted havarti , Muenster , and cheddar .
Roasted garlic goat cheese enhanced the sweetness of roasted pepper , zucchini , and eggplant on focaccia , while creamy horseradish sauce jazzed up a baguette stuffed with rare roast beef and havarti .
The Sheridan ( turkey , salami , and cheddar on baguette ) and The Calvano ( sopressata , provolone , artichoke , and red pepper on focaccia ) were also mouthwatering .
Sharable dishes turned my dining companions into eager chowhounds .
You could practically make a meal for two from the " Pro-Pasto " antipasto plate , generously heaped with three kinds of cheese , sopressata , roasted vegetables , house - blend olives , and fresh bread ( the menu says focaccia , but mine came with baguette ) .
Chips and salsa were n't bad , but the Artichoke Heaven — warm , cheesy artichoke dip with La Tolteca chips — was far more addicting .
We scooped out every last speck of the stuff and were sad when it was gone .
And the baked mac and cheese tasted as comforting as it smelled , thanks to mild green chiles and a sinful amount of cheddar .
Locally made cheesecake ( Arizona Cheesecake Co. ) and ice cream ( Crave ) are on hand if you still have room , but this being a beer - centric hangout , the Stone Imperial Stout float is the way to go .
Expect to find me out on the patio with one of those , from now until next winter .
In what seems to be a new part of our daily routine , here 's a new trailer for Battlefield : Bad Company 2 .
This one highlights two new multiplayer maps that will be made available on March 2 , when the game is released .
The Laguna Alta map supports conquest mode , and Nelson Bay is for fans of rush mode .
A few weeks later , another DLC pack will include conquest map Arica Harbor and rush map Laguna Presa .
If you 're ready to start bellyaching about DLC that should have been put on disc in the first place , hold up .
Players will be able to access this content at no additional cost , provided they bought a new copy of the game , a la Dragon Age : Origins and Mass Effect 2 .
[ View : http://gameinformer.com/games/battlefield_bad_company_2/m/battlefield_bad_company_2_media/226634.aspx:610:343]
But only a tiny fraction of transplant patients are candidates for the operation : certain children with acute liver failure  probably fewer than 100 a year in the United States , where 525 under 18 had liver transplants last year .
The operation is a difficult one .
It is longer and more risky than a standard transplant , and surgeons caution that patients have to be selected carefully because not all can withstand the surgery .
Image CHILD ’S PLAY Jonathan and his sister , Kailey , 6 , said they were looking for fossils on Friday in the backyard of their home in Miami .
Credit ... Oscar Hidalgo for The New York Times
The surgery was first tried in Europe in the early 1990s , and later in the United States .
But the results were mixed  the liver did not always regenerate  and it never really caught on .
( In medical journals , it is called auxiliary partial orthotopic liver transplantation . )
Dr. Kato said the results may have been poor because the early attempts included adults .
“ I think the key is children , ” he said .
The best candidates are children with acute hepatic failure , a deadly condition in which the liver suddenly stops working , often for unknown reasons .
Although the liver might be able to recover , it cannot do so fast enough to prevent brain damage and death from the toxins that build up .
The only way to save the life of someone with this condition is to perform a transplant  or a partial one .
Such partial transplants do not work for chronic liver diseases that cause scarring because it prevents the liver from regenerating .
All told , Dr. Kato has performed the surgery on seven children , ranging in age from 8 months ( Jonathan ) to 8 years , at Jackson Memorial .
So far , the patient ’s own liver has recovered in six of the seven children , and they no longer require antirejection drugs , Dr. Kato said , adding that he expected the need for the drugs to taper off soon for the seventh .
In four , he described the transplant as “ melting ” away completely on its own , but two others , including Jonathan , needed surgery to remove a remnant or clear up an infection .
Dr. Kato ’s first case was in 1997 .
That child spent three months in intensive care .
“ We did n’t think it was successful , ” he said .
But after two years , the liver had fully recovered .
“ That gave us the idea this was something worth doing , ” Dr. Kato said .
Other surgeons have tried the procedure .
Dr. Alan Langnas , director of liver transplantation at the Nebraska Medical Center , said he had performed it on about 10 patients , mostly children , in the last 15 years .
In some cases , he said , the patient ’s liver did not regenerate .
At least one required a second transplant .
“ I think the success has always been a little mixed , ” Dr. Langnas said .
“ It depends on the patient selection and how well their native liver recovers .
But I think it is an important option for some patients . ”
There is no way that you can get big and strong on a vegetarian diet !
I used to hear this all the time from my meat - eating friends .
I say , used to as I never hear it anymore from people that know me or from people that have seen my photos on my website .
Yes my friends , you can in fact get bigger and stronger on a vegetarian diet .
You can even do it on a vegan diet ( no animal products whatsoever ) .
How To Get Started
When I was fifteen I read an interview with Harley Flannagan ( lead singer of the legendary NYC hardcore band , the Cro-mags ) in which he stated that he became a vegetarian to lead a more peaceful life and that one cannot talk about peace when they have a steak on their plate , as an animal died in agonizing pain to end up there .
That really struck a cord with me and got me thinking about the thousands of animals that suffer daily on factory farms .
Next , I visited Kenya with my parents and experienced a feeling of oneness with the animals over there .
I realized that I did not want to contribute to the unnecessary suffering of other beings and I knew that I needed to make some changes .
Finally , I saw a movie called " The Fly II " in which a golden retriever is mutilated in an experiment gone bad .
That got me thinking about how animals are abused in labs and further solidified the new direction that I was taking .
In addition , to giving up meat , I decided that I would make sure to purchase products such as : toothpaste , shampoo , soap etc that were not tested on animals .
I gave up meat gradually .
I stated off by giving up all meat except fish .
Then I gave up fish , but continued to eat eggs and dairy .
Once I realized that most eggs and dairy products came from animals that lived miserable lives on factory farms , I gave up all animal products .
That was ten years ago and I have never looked back .
While I am an ethical vegan , there is no doubt in mind that a vegan diet is healthy and that I can get everything that my body need for my intense lifestyle .
Regardless , like any other diet , planning is required .
The number one thing that people always ask me is where do I get my protein .
Many vegans that I have met make the mistake of thinking that you do not need much protein at all .
I even had one guy tell me that only 5 % of one 's diet should come from protein .
Of course this guy looked like Don Knots and would be blown off like kite if a strong wind came by .
I had another guy tell me that I can get protein from a cucumber and that I should not even worry about it .
Of course , this guy was not in shape either and was in no position to give me nutrition advice .
We have to be much more sensible than that .
Especially , if we expect anyone to give up meat and adopt a vegetarian diet .
Telling people that they can get all of the protein that they need from eating spinach and leafy green vegetables is impractical .
Just because it works for the gorillas does not mean that it will work for us .
Not getting enough protein and thinking that only 5 % of your diet needs to be comprised of protein are sure fire ways to be spindly and weak for the rest of your life .
Now I am not saying that you need two grams of protein per pound of bodyweight like the bodybuilding magazines state .
That is way too much protein and a case of overkill .
For athletes , 0.7 to 1 gram of protein per pound of lean muscle is optimal for increasing strength and size .
For example , if you weigh 180 lb and have ten percent bodyfat , then you should shoot for 150 - 160 grams of protein to build more muscle .
If you want to maintain your size , then 100 - 120 will probably be sufficient .
Next , vegans like anyone else need to load up on healthy sources of fat .
Without enough fat in your diet , your skin will dry up , your energy will plummet , and you will look like death .
Getting 20 - 30 % of your calories from fat is a good way to go .
Load up on healthy fats such as : flaxseed oil , olive oil , almonds , walnuts , almond butter , and avocadoes .
Also , vegan diets are free of all saturated fats , which is great for the most part .
However , some saturated fat is required for optimal health , so get some coconut oil or coconut milk in you diet as well .
Finally , make sure that you eat a variety of food to get a full array of muscle building amino acids .
Some examples of good combinations include : black beans and quinoa , lentils and brown rice , almond butter sandwich , rice protein / soy milk shake , green peas and almonds .
Have some veggie burgers and other fake meat products from time to time , but make sure that the majority of your diet comes from fresh organic food .
Sample Diet
Breakfast Protein Shake 1
Mid-Afternoon Snack Raisins 1/2 cup
Late - Afternoon Snack Veggie Burger 2
Post - Workout Shake Note : I throw in 1 tablespoon of flaxseed oil and 1/2 cup of frozen fruit .
Protein Shake 3 scoops
Dinner Salad 1 serving Lentils 1 cup Quinoa 1 cup Apple 1 Dark Chocolate Chips 1 serving Red Wine 1 glass
Late - Night Snack Peanut Butter ( Sandwich ) 1
Note : Use 3 tablespoons of rice protein powder ( nutribiotic brand ) with 8 oz of almond milk and 8 oz of soy milk .
I add 1/2 cup of frozen mango or strawberries to The mix and one tablespoon of coconut oil .
I also add in two teaspoons of vitamineral green .
Breakfast Protein Shake 1
Mid-Afternoon Snack Raisins 1/2 cup
Late - Afternoon Snack Veggie Burger 2
Post - Workout Shake Note : I throw in 1 tablespoon of flaxseed oil and 1/2 cup of frozen fruit .
Protein Shake 3 scoops
Dinner Salad 1 serving Lentils 1 cup Quinoa 1 cup Apple 1 Dark Chocolate Chips 1 serving Red Wine 1 glass
Late - Night Snack Peanut Butter ( Sandwich ) 1
Breakfast Protein Shake 1
Mid-Afternoon Snack Raisins 1/2 cup
Late - Afternoon Snack Veggie Burger 2
Post - Workout Shake Note : I throw in 1 tablespoon of flaxseed oil and 1/2 cup of frozen fruit .
Protein Shake 3 scoops
Dinner Salad 1 serving Lentils 1 cup Quinoa 1 cup Apple 1 Dark Chocolate Chips 1 serving Red Wine 1 glass
Late - Night Snack Peanut Butter ( Sandwich ) 1
Breakfast Protein Shake 1
Mid-Afternoon Snack Raisins 1/2 cup
Late - Afternoon Snack Veggie Burger 2
Post - Workout Shake Note : I throw in 1 tablespoon of flaxseed oil and 1/2 cup of frozen fruit .
Protein Shake 3 scoops
Dinner Salad 1 serving Lentils 1 cup Quinoa 1 cup Apple 1 Dark Chocolate Chips 1 serving Red Wine 1 glass
Late - Night Snack Peanut Butter ( Sandwich ) 1
Breakfast Protein Shake 1
Mid-Afternoon Snack Raisins 1/2 cup
Late - Afternoon Snack Veggie Burger 2
Post - Workout Shake Note : I throw in 1 tablespoon of flaxseed oil and 1/2 cup of frozen fruit .
Protein Shake 3 scoops
Dinner Salad 1 serving Lentils 1 cup Quinoa 1 cup Apple 1 Dark Chocolate Chips 1 serving Red Wine 1 glass
Late - Night Snack Peanut Butter ( Sandwich ) 1
Breakfast Protein Shake 1
Mid-Afternoon Snack Raisins 1/2 cup
Late - Afternoon Snack Veggie Burger 2
Post - Workout Shake Note : I throw in 1 tablespoon of flaxseed oil and 1/2 cup of frozen fruit .
Protein Shake 3 scoops
Dinner Salad 1 serving Lentils 1 cup Quinoa 1 cup Apple 1 Dark Chocolate Chips 1 serving Red Wine 1 glass
Late - Night Snack Peanut Butter ( Sandwich ) 1
Sample Four Day Program
Okay , now that we have the diet taken care of , let me address the most important part of getting bigger and stronger which of course is training .
If you do not have a solid training regimen , it does not matter what your diet looks like , you will not make any progress .
Many trainees make the mistake of doing way too much volume and focusing way too much time on isolation exercises .
If strength and size is what you want , then focus on compound movements that work a lot of muscle groups such as : deadlifts , squats , military presses , dips , chin-ups , bent - over rows , and bench presses .
Note :
Do one set of A - 1 , wait two - minutes , then do a set of A - 2 , wait two - minutes , then another set of A - 1 and so forth until you have completed five sets of five on each exercise .
Use the same weight on all five sets .
When you can do seven reps on the fifth set , increase the weight by 5 - 10 lbs .
Note :
Take three - minute breaks in between each set and one - minute breaks in between each exercise .
Use the same weight on all five sets .
When you can do seven reps on the fifth set , increase the weight by 5 - 10 lbs .
If you have always wanted to be vegetarian or vegan , but though that you would melt away , your worries are over .
Follow my guidelines and I have no doubt that you will get stronger and pack on some size .
Undressing with the iPhone App ' Censorship ' Has German Tabloid Fighting Mad
The idea is simple enough : German tabloid Bild wanted to allow readers to undress their daily page one girl on their iPhones .
But the app has run afoul of Apple 's decency standards , leading the paper to accuse the US computer giant of censorship .
The case seems far - fetched , but Apple 's criteria remain inscrutable .
Child ' mini - marketeers ' paid by junk food firms to secretly push products among their friends
A website is offering young people money to promote products via social networking sites and among friends
Children are being paid up to £ 25 a week to promote sugary soft drinks and other products through social networking sites and playground chat .
Products including Fanta and Cheestrings are at the centre of stealth marketing campaigns .
Firms are turning to the controversial tactics after moves to crack down on TV advertising of unhealthy products .
The Dubit website , set up by a British entrepreneur , recruits thousands of children from seven upwards to take part in surveys that are used by big business to shape products and policy .
Now it is trying to get the youngsters to promote brands to their friends in return for money - off vouchers , which can be worth £ 25 a week , and free samples .
Children and teens are recruited as ' brand ambassadors ' by the site .
This involves performing a range of tasks including putting up flyers , posting on message boards and social networks such as Facebook and Bebo and hosting parties for friends .
The website boasts : ' Dubit believes you are the best people to promote brands , products and services - not celebrity - endorsed television ads !
Dubit Insider lets young people aged 7 - 24 do exactly this by actively shaping the way campaigns are run .
' By becoming part of the UK 's largest youth panel you will work with some of the UK 's top brands . '
The website says members can ' earn yourself a little cash , as well as a few freebies along the way ' .
It even suggests that youngsters who sign up can use their membership to enhance their CV or university application forms .
The Dubit website targets young people to promote brands including soft drinks and MP3 players
The company insists there are safeguards to prevent exploitation .
Anyone under 16 has to get their parents ' permission , which is checked by a member of the Dubit team .
Children under 12 are urged not to promote products or brands online - except to friends .
Parents may well feel it is safe to support Dubit 's activities , given that it has the endorsement of the Government 's Food Standards Agency .
Just last week , the FSA said it would be using the company 's access to youngsters to pass on messages about the importance of a good diet .
A marketing agency is using teens to promote artists such as Lady Gaga and Alexandra Burke
This followed disturbing research showing that many teen girls and boys are being starved of key nutrients .
They were consuming too much junk , such as sugary soft drinks and snack foods , and more than a third were overweight .
Among the brands using Dubit to promote their products to youngsters are Fanta , which is part of Coca - Cola , and Cheestrings , which have been criticised for being relatively high in saturated fat and salt .
Sprite , Dr Pepper and a Barbie - themed MP3 player are also part of the promotional push .
Record labels are using the same marketing technique .
Sales drive : Dr Pepper and Barbie MP3 players are part of the promotional push
The marketing agency in4merz.com uses a network of 10,000 members , aged 11 - 21 , to promote pop artists including Lady Gaga , Jonas Brothers , Alexandra Burke , Sugababes and Pixie Lott on behalf of record labels .
The company claims to be signing up as many as 100 children a day .
Members are rewarded with points for their promotional activities , which can be exchanged for music - related gifts .
Ed Mayo , co-author of Consumer Kids , a book on marketing to children , is highly critical of the way big business is targeting youngsters through the internet .
He said : ' About 85 per cent of children 's favourite websites collect some sort of personal information ,
' Companies are not just stalking kids online , they are recruiting them to fight in the battle for brand domination and market share .
' Close on half a million young people in the UK alone have been enlisted by big youth brands , and that 's the figure from just one recruitment agency .
' Kids are regularly signed up through the internet to be " insiders " , " informers " and " lifestyle representatives " for big corporations . '
A spokesman for Coca - Cola said brand ambassadors recruited through Dubit were over 16 and were told to make it clear they were being paid to promote the company 's brands .
A spokesman for Kerry Foods said its campaign to promote Cheestrings was a trial .
Dubit was founded by Adam Hildreth , 24 , who came up with the idea at the age of 14 and left school at 16 to run it .
He is said to be worth £ 12 million .
The firm said of his recruits : ' They must make people aware they are involved in a project if talking about a product or brand .
Anyone under the age of 16 must have explicit verbal parental consent to take part . '
IBM Demonstrates 100GHz Graphene - Based Transistors
A glimpse of the post - silicon age ; how does Graphene Valley sound to you ?
Sheikh Yusuf Indha ’adde .
A suicide bomber killed four people during an assassination attempt against a top Somali defense official in Mogadishu .
The assassination attempt took place as State Minister for Defense Sheikh Yusuf Mohammad Siad , who is better known as Indha ’adde or White Eyes , was traveling in a convoy moving between an African Union military base and the presidential palace .
The suicide bomber targeted Indha ’adde ’s car but slammed into a bus carrying Somalis instead and killed four civilians , Shabelle reported .
Indha ’adde , was not injured in the attack , said there were three bombings , a suicide blast and two roadside bombs .
“ The suicide car bomb hit the boot of one of my cars , I was in the car ahead , ” Indha ’adde told Reuters .
“ When we tried to assist injured civilians , another parked car loaded with explosives was detonated with a remote control .
The third time we stopped to assist the injured civilians , a wheel barrow loaded with explosives was detonated . ”
The assassination attempt took place just one day after Indha ’adde claimed that Hizbul Islam leader Sheikh Hassan Dahir Aweys is a “ hostage ” to Shabaab , al Qaeda ’s affiliate in Somalia .
“ Sheikh Hassan is an Al Shabaab hostage , ” Indha ’adde told Garowe .
“ He should put his focus on Al Shabaab who tried several times to eliminate him . ”
Aweys is wanted by the US for connections to al Qaeda and has called for further suicide attacks in Somalia .
Indha ’adde was an ally of Aweys but defected from Hizbul Islam and joined the weak Transitional Federal Government late last year .
The Somali government , backed by thousands of African Union peacekeepers , controls only small enclaves within the capital of Mogadishu , and little else .
The South is firmly in the hands of Shabaab .
The Somali government claims it will soon launch an offensive to clear Shabaab from the capital and the central and southern provinces .
More than 2,500 Somali troops are reported to have completed training in Kenya .
Last week , Shabaab called for jihad , or holy war , against Kenya for training the troops and detaining Islamist backers in the country .
Recent suicide attacks have targeted senior Somali and African Union officials
Today ’s suicide attack is the second in Somalia this year , and the 21st in the country since September 2006 , when the Islamic Courts usurped control of the government .
Several of the attacks have been carried out by American and British citizens who had left their home countries to join Shabaab .
The last suicide attack took place on Jan. 26 , when a suicide bomber detonated his vest while waiting in line to enter the Halane medical clinic at the Mogadishu airport , the headquarters for the African Union Mission in Somalia .
Seven Somalis were killed in the blast .
The three prior attacks all targeted senior Somali and African Union officials .
Since June 2009 , five Somali ministers and a top African Union general have been killed in suicide attacks .
On Dec. 3 , 2009 , a Shabaab suicide bomber dressed as a woman detonated his vest at a graduation ceremony for medical students at a hotel in Mogadishu and killed 19 people , including the ministers of health , education , and higher education , and two reporters .
Somalia ’s minister of sports was wounded in the attack , and died on Feb. 12 .
On Sept. 17 , 2009 , Shabaab suicide bombers penetrated security at an African Union base in Mogadishu and killed 21 people , including the deputy African Union commander and 16 other peacekeepers .
Indha ’adde is reported to have provided intelligence to the suicide bombers that allowed them to carry out the attack .
And on June 18 , 2009 , a Shabaab suicide bomber killed Somalia ’ security minister and a former ambassador during an attack outside a hotel in Beletwein that killed more than 35 people .
Bill Roggio is a Senior Fellow at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies and the Editor of FDD 's Long War Journal .
Are you a dedicated reader of FDD 's Long War Journal ?
Has our research benefitted you or your team over the years ?
Support our independent reporting and analysis today by considering a one - time or monthly donation .
Thanks for reading !
You can make a tax - deductible donation here .
During yesterday 's Senate hearing on government oversight of security contractors , an interesting tidbit emerged .
In his prepared testimony , Fred Roitz , executive vice president of contracts and chief sales officer for Xe ( a.k.a. Blackwater ) , disclosed that his company , through its subsidiary Presidential Airways , evacuated a congressman from Niger during a recent military coup .
That caught the eye of Mother Jones reporter Daniel Schulman , who decided to figure out who , exactly , the congressman in distress was .
Turns out it was none other than Rep.
Alan Grayson , the Florida Democrat who has made his reputation by going after military contractors .
Irony alert !
Grayson spokesman Todd Jurkowski confirmed that Grayson was spirited out of the country on a Xe helicopter , and offered this statement to Schulman : " The flight was arranged through the State Department ...
The congressman did not know , and frankly did not care , who owned the plane . ”
If anything , this little episode further underscores some wisdom from our pal Peter Singer .
Contractors : Ca n't win with 'em , ca n't go to war without 'em .
Or more precisely , can't have diplomatic security without 'em .
As I 've noted here before , the State Department 's Bureau of Diplomatic Security – which would have the lead in protecting members of Congress traveling outside the country – has relied heavily on outsourcing .
Blackwater / Xe has ( rightfully , in many cases ) come in for a lot of criticism , but very few questions seem to be raised about the " customer , " i.e. , the federal government .
[ PHOTO : Grayson.house.gov ]
Posted on December 15 , 2009 , 00:48 .
Just checked in support for getting java backtraces from hotspot through systemtap .
This is the next step in making not just the kernel and native programs observable , but also runtime based languages with SystemTap .
And it is pretty powerful .
It allows you to answer the question “ How did I get here ? ” in combination with any of the SystemTap tapsets for VM level tracing , Java method entry / exit tracing , Native methods ( JNI ) tracing , or any other basic SystemTap function , statement or process probe that points into your java process .
Just add one of the print_jstack ( ) variants to your code ( possibly including native frame and method signatures ) and suddenly it is really easy to see what triggered a particular code path :
Walmart has been widely condemned for offering its employees only low - paying , dead end jobs .
Even President Obama criticized Hillary Clinton during the 2008 presidential campaign for having served on Walmart ’s board and stated that the firm ought to pay “ a living wage . ”
In inner-city Detroit , however , where the unemployment rate is estimated at an astonishing 50 % , the prospect of a Walmart job may appear far more attractive .
ADVERTISEMENT
Four inner-city Detroit high schools have decided that employment with Walmart is an opportunity worth training their students to pursue .
The schools have teamed up with the giant merchandiser to offer a for - credit class in job - readiness training that also includes entry - level after - school jobs .
According to the Detroit Free Press , the principal at one of the schools optimistically suggested that “ the program will allow students an opportunity to earn money and to be exposed to people from different cultures — since all of the stores are in the suburbs . ”
The announcement of the program outraged Donna Stern , the Midwest coordinator for the Coalition to Defend Affirmative Action , Integration & Immigrant Rights And Fight for Equality By Any Means Necessary ( BAMN ) .
“ They ’re going to train students to be subservient workers ” she told the Free Press .
“ This is not why parents send them to school . ”
Detroit area schools have cooperated on projects with Walmart in the past .
Last summer , Walmart sponsored a letter - writing contest in which students could win classroom supplies , and at Christmas Walmart donated presents to needy students in a Detroit suburb .
Neither of those acts of corporate generosity , however , carried the same racial overtones as training inner-city students for a career as suburban Walmart store clerks .
The fact may be that Detroit ’s schools are now desperate enough to accept help wherever they can find it .
ADVERTISEMENT
The school district has been running badly in the red , and though emergency financial manager Robert Bobb has already closed 29 schools as a cost - cutting measure , it was reported this week that “ the 84,000 - student Detroit Public Schools could face additional layoffs and about 40 more school closings . ”
Detroit ’s teachers have also been chafing at a contract accepted by their union that forces them to make involuntary long - term loans to the school district out of their paychecks .
A Detroit Federation of Teachers union meeting on Thursday broke down in chaos after members tried to put the question of recalling the union president on the agenda .
All in the span of less than thirty seconds , Newt Gingrich manages to play the race card ( saying President Obama is a Chicago thug who wants to " mug " America ) and sound like a complete idiot ( claiming that President Obama is like a dictator because he believes in majority rule when it comes to things like health care policy ) .
Transcript :
Well , I think that what you ’re seeing is a Chicago machine politics approach that basically says , if we can run over you and mug you , then we ’re going to get away with it .
And I think what they do n’t understand is that this is not Chicago .
That the United States is not going to tolerate a group of people trying apply kind of a Hugo Chavez majoritarian rule in the Senate .
I do n’t it ’ll happen .
You gotta ' love the fact that dimwits like Newt Gingrich are the heart and soul of the GOP .
Survival of the fittest : exercise ' can fight ageing '
Exercise seems to stimulate a key enzyme Long - term physical activity has an anti-ageing effect at the cellular level , a German study suggests .
Researchers focused on telomeres , the protective caps on the chromosomes that keep a cell 's DNA stable but shorten with age .
They found telomeres shortened less quickly in key immune cells of athletes with a long history of endurance training .
The study , by Saarland University , appears in the journal Circulation .
This is direct evidence of an anti-ageing effect of physical exercise
Dr Ulrich Laufs
Saarland University
In a separate study of young Swedish men , cardiovascular fitness has been linked to increased intelligence and higher educational achievement .
Telomeres are relatively short sections of specialised DNA that sit at the ends of all our chromosomes .
They have been compared to the plastic tips at the ends of shoelaces that prevent the laces from unravelling .
Each time a cell divides , its telomeres shorten and the cell becomes more susceptible to dying .
National athletes
The researchers measured the length of telomeres in blood samples from two groups of professional athletes and two groups of people who were healthy non-smokers , but who did not take regular exercise .
One group of professional athletes included members of the German national track and field athletics team , who had an average age of 20 .
The second group was made up of middle - aged athletes who had regularly run long distances - an average of 80 km a week - since their youth .
The researchers found evidence that the physical exercise of the professional athletes led to activation of an enzyme called telomerase , which helped to stabilise telomeres .
This reduced the telomere shortening in leukocytes , a type of white blood cell that plays a key role in fighting infection and disease .
The most pronounced effect was found in athletes who had been regularly endurance training for several decades .
Potency of training Lead researcher Dr Ulrich Laufs said : " This is direct evidence of an anti-ageing effect of physical exercise .
" Our data improves the molecular understanding of the protective effects of exercise and underlines the potency of physical training in reducing the impact of age - related disease . "
It is still difficult to separate cause and effect from these studies - as longer telomeres may still be a marker of fitness
Professor Tim Spector
Kings College London Professor Tim Spector , an expert on genetics and ageing at Kings College London , said other studies had suggested more moderate exercise had a beneficial effect on ageing .
He said : " It is still difficult to separate cause and effect from these studies - as longer telomeres may still be a marker of fitness .
" Nevertheless - this is further evidence that regular exercise may retard aging . "
Professor Kay - Tee Khaw , of the University of Cambridge , an expert on ageing , said : " The benefits of physical activity for health are well established from many large long - term population studies .
" Even moderate levels of physical activity are related to lower levels of many heart disease risk factors such as blood pressure and cholesterol and lower risk of many chronic diseases associated with ageing such as heart disease , stroke , diabetes and some cancers . "
Intelligence link
In the second study , published in Proceeding of the National Academy of Sciences , a team from the University of Gothenburg analysed data on more than 1.2 million Swedish men born from 1950 - 1976 who enlisted for military service at age 18 .
They found that good heart health was linked to higher intelligence , better educational achievement and raised status in society .
By studying twins in the study , the researchers concluded that environmental and lifestyle factors were key , rather than genetics .
They said the findings suggested that campaigns to promote physical exercise might help to raise standards of educational achievement across the population .
Lead researcher Professor Georg Kuhn said cardiovascular exercise increased blood flow to the brain , which in turn might help forge more and stronger connections between nerve cells .
However , he said it was also possible that intelligent people tended to make more exercise .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Before I even begin , let me get this out of the way : I am fully aware that there are people out there who believe that bacon is too damn trendy nowadays .
To this I respond : a brick in the face .
A couple of weeks ago I decided to combine two of my life ’s greatest loves : bacon and mezcal .
Actually , I started thinking about this at least four months ago , but I am naturally lazy .
Also , I really should have come up with this years ago , as the combination of smoked pig parts and this version of tequila ( without the appellation d’origine contrôlée ) is as intuitive as the proof of the Pythagorean theorem in Plato ’s Meno , but I am stupid .
Tomorrow finally became today , however , and I am happy to declare the experiment a success tempered by a high - school grade failure .
I began with a bottle of Real De Magueyes Añejo , from San Luis Potosi .
On its own this is a decent mezcal , maybe a bit sweet and not as smoky as something from Oaxaca , but really not bad for something in the $ 25 range .
It ’s just around the sweet spot for an infusion : something that ’s not so bad that you would n’t drink it on its own , yet not good enough to make you feel like you ’re paying an insult to its maker by messing with it .
I removed enough volume ( I ’ll leave you to figure out how ) from the bottle to shove three strips of cooked Niman Ranch Applewood Smoked ( Dry- cured ) bacon ( cooled to room temperature ) , and let it sit in a dark cabinet for 4 days .
I then tossed it in the freezer for a couple of days to make the solids more manageable for filtering .
I ca n’t imagine this part is optional , unless you ’re a lunatic ( as you ’ll find out below ) .
Finally , it was time to re-bottle .
I chose 7 oz swivel - top glass flasks for the target , just in case I lose my mind and want to use one as a gift .
The end product was still a bit sweeter than I wanted , so I pulled out some Benesin blanco ( definitely from Oaxaca ) and fine - tuned it to my palate .
The , er , fumes got to me on the third bottle and I decided that a special super - porky edition was necessary , so I muddled the bacon and topped it off with a little bit of extra - fine pig juice .
It turned out that this was too much for the gods , because a few minutes later I discovered that the seal on the bottles is indeed hermetic , and so the expanding fat had to make its way out in a more infuriating way ( I may be Mexican , but cleaning floors is not in my nature ) .
So , how is it ?
I do n’t know … do you think you deserve this knowledge ?
Jim Halpert as Captain America ?
It could happen — and soon .
John Krasinski is among the handful of actors who have been handpicked by Marvel to screen - test for the superhero , franchise - ready and potentially career - boosting role .
According to The Hollywood Reporter , the Office drone is one of seven hopeful thesps the studio has sitting on the proverbial casting couch , all of whom will be testing for the role within the next two weeks at their Manhattan Beach HQ .
So who else could be suiting up to save the world ?
This was a surprising concept to come across in the Wall Street Journa l… the “ shadow government , the financial industrial complex . ”
Yet , what sounds at first like conspiracy theorizing is actually a sound criticism of the fact that the US government has basically ignored the lessons of the financial crisis and is more or less gearing up for a round two .
Despite entering into the first downturn so recently , and currently watching the Greek meltdown unfold , the US economy is still a mess .
Worse still , the financial system has only grown larger , more complex and interconnected , and increasingly risk - seeking in different and dangerously innovative ways .
As described by the Wall Street Journal :
“ Our budget deficit is a problem , but it ’s not the core issue .
“ Our shadow government , the financial industrial complex , is our potential Greece .
High unemployment lingers , higher interest rates are on the horizon and U.S. aid to the mortgage markets is coming to an end .
Government guarantees in the markets will be withdrawn leaving them exposed to the whims of confidence .
“ Amid that uncertain state , Wall Street is chugging along as if the last few years were merely a blip .
At Citigroup Inc. , the financial innovators are readying a new , complex derivative that would act as kind of financial crisis insurance .
Citigroup believes the derivative , dubbed CLX , wo n’t put Citi or taxpayers at risk , but they concede the contracts are n’t foolproof , a story we ’ve heard before . ”
Leave it to Wall Street , still reeling from the fallout of an economic disaster largely brought about by synthetic financial instruments , to continue expanding its arsenal .
Worried about problems with complex and nearly - foolproof mortgage and other derivatives ?
Do n’t be .
Now Citi ’s put into place vastly more sophisticated financial crisis insurance derivatives .
Bring ‘em on !
Confidence inspiring … indeed .
Read the full story in the Wall Street Journal ’s coverage of how the Greek debt fiasco shows how little has been done to prevent the next crisis .
Add / view comments on this post .
-----------------------------
The Christian Science Monitor has assembled a diverse group of the best economy - related bloggers out there .
Their postings appear here on the Monitor 's Money site as well as on their own individual blog sites .
Our guest bloggers are not employed or directed by the Monitor and the views expressed are the blogger 's own , as is responsibility for the content of their blogs .
To contact us about a blogger , click here .
To add or view a comment on a guest blog , please go to the blogger 's own site by clicking on the link above .
Some of the biggest changes in Rails 3 involve how Rails expects plugins to behave .
Dependencies
If your plugin has dependencies , make it a gem and have your users install it using the Gemfile .
This will ensure that Bundler properly calculates the dependencies alongside any other dependencies the user ’s app has .
If You Override Something , Require It
If you need to override ActionController , ActiveRecord or other Rails frameworks , require them first , then override .
Instead of assuming that Rails will require your gem plugin at a “ correct ” time , assume that the user will require your plugin extremely early .
This gives you the opportunity to hook in earlier to the initialization process , but it also means that you should explicitly require the dependencies you need .
# in your_lib.rb require " active_record " require " your_lib/extensions " ActiveRecord :: Base.class_eval { include YourLib :: Extensions }
Use a Railtie , But Only if You Need To
Even though you can expect your gem to load very early , you might still need to hook into a later part of the initialization process .
If you do , inherit from Rails : : Railties .
Inside of a Railtie , you can declare a block that Rails should run when it runs Rakefiles , specify initialization blocks , add a subscriber to the notification system , and specify generators to load .
class TestingFu < Rails :: Railtie #
This creates a config .
my_plugin in the user 's Application railtie_name : testing_fu rake_task do load " testing_fu/tasks.rake " end # specify the default generators for test frameworks config.generators.test_framework : testing_fu # you can also specify : before or : after to ensure that # your initializer block runs before or after another # initializer block initializer : setup_my_plugin do |app| # in here , I have access to the user 's application , # which gives me access to app.config end end
Make sure to require any railties that you intend to extend .
For instance , if you want to run an initializer before one defined in ActionController , require “ action_controller/railtie ”
That said , do n’t use a Railtie if your code does not need to hook into any part of the Rails lifecycle .
When possible , simply create a standard Ruby library , requiring the parts of Rails you need to override .
Engines
Engines in plugins ( vendor / plugins ) work as they did in Rails 2 .
In a gem , you ’ll need to provide a Rails : : Engine subclass :
# lib/my_engine.rb module MyEngine class Engine < :: Rails :: Engine engine_name : my_engine end end
Place your app directory next to the lib directory and Rails will pick it up .
You can read the documentation for Railte , Engine , Plugin and Application , all in just one place , here : https://gist.github.com/af7e572c2dc973add221
Start a Conversation at railsplugins.org
In order to make this process easier , Engine Yard has put together railsplugins.org .
If you ’re a plugin author , please submit your plugins to that site .
You can tell users whether or not you expect your plugins to work on Rails 3 , whether or not your users can run them in threadsafe mode , and whether they run on JRuby .
Once you ’ve put a plugin up there , users can say that they either agree that your plugin runs or disagree , with a comment about what is broken .
You can reply to any such comments , and the user can change his mind if he just made a mistake .
When you submit a new version , the site creates a whole new page , so comments about things not working on a previous version do n’t clutter up the current version ( users can still get at the old versions if they wish ) .
If we do this right , the Rails community will have a strong sense of what works on Rails 3 and what does n’t .
Have at it !
Viruses have played a role in shaping human genetic variability , according to a study published February 19 in the open- access journal PLoS Genetics .
The researchers , from the Don C. Gnocchi and Eugenio Medea Scientific Institutes , the University of Milan and the Politecnico di Milano , Italy , used population genetics approaches to identify gene variants that augment susceptibility to viral infections or protect from such infections .
Viruses have represented a threat to human populations throughout history and still account for a large proportion of disease and death worldwide .
The identification of gene variants that modulate the susceptibility to viral infections is thus central to the development of novel therapeutic approaches and vaccines .
Due to the long relationship between humans and viruses , gene variants conferring increased resistance to these pathogens have likely been targeted by natural selection .
This concept was exploited to identify variants in the human genome that modulate susceptibility to infection or the severity of the ensuing disease .
In particular , the authors based their study on the idea that populations living in different geographic areas have been exposed to different viral loads and therefore have been subjected to a variable virus - driven selective pressure .
By analysing genetic data for 52 populations distributed worldwide , the authors identified variants that display higher frequency where the viral load is also high .
Using this approach , they found 139 human genes that modulate susceptibility to viral infections ; the protein products of several of these genes interact with one another and often with viral components .
The study relied on predictions generated in computer simulations ; therefore , experimental validation of these results will be required .
The authors conclude that approaches similar to the one they applied might be used to identify susceptibility variants for infections transmitted by pathogens other than viruses .
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
The US government is investigating allegations of a Chinese hacking attack on Google amid what Washington called " serious concerns " over internet security .
The strike , which the company said was aimed at uncovering information linked to political dissidents in the country , led Google to announce last night that it would no longer censor its search engine in China .
The move could result in Google being forced to pull out of China four years after it controversially announced its intention to launch a censored version of google .cn , the local version of its search engine .
Faced with a conflict between one of America 's most powerful companies and the Chinese government , the US secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , called on Beijing to discuss the situation .
" We have been briefed by Google on these allegations , which raise very serious concerns and questions , " she said .
" We look to the Chinese government for an explanation . "
Clinton , who is about to begin a tour of Asia and the Pacific , said it was important for businesses and governments around the world to be able to operate online without interference .
" The ability to operate with confidence in cyberspace is critical in a modern society and economy , " she said .
Barack Obama has called internet security a " national security priority " .
Clinton is expected to give a speech in Washington next week outlining new policies aimed at curbing online crime .
The White House has just appointed a new head of cybersecurity , charged with improving the country 's online defences , which have come under constant attack in recent years .
Hackers have attacked government computers in Washington , London , Berlin and elsewhere – in what some experts say is an orchestrated campaign that is sponsored , or at least permitted to take place , by officials in Beijing .
On a visit to Shanghai in November , Barack Obama said filtering information was not compatible with modern life .
" Unrestricted internet access is a source of strength and I think should be encouraged , " he said .
Google 's strongly worded statement – in which it said the conflict " goes to the heart of a much bigger global debate about freedom of speech " – may push the issue further .
Google 's senior figures have close relations with US government officials .
Its chief executive , Eric Schmidt , was an adviser for Obama 's election campaign and last week he was among guests at a dinner with Clinton to discuss how technology could be used to promote democracy .
The state department said it had been briefed on Google 's plans but Google 's head of corporate communications , Matt Furman , told the Guardian that the state department had not had any direct involvement in Google 's decision to drop its censored search results .
It would not be unprecedented for the US government to intervene .
In June , officials in Washington contacted the internet messaging service Twitter asking it to push back planned maintenance so that news from the Iranian protests could spread .
Israel and the Dubai Murder Mystery
The circumstantial evidence all points to the Mossad , and the result is a diplomatic nightmare for the Jewish state .
The proposed new grouping was one of the main issues of the Cancun summit Latin American and Caribbean nations have agreed to set up a new regional body without the US and Canada .
The new bloc would be an alternative to the Organisation of American States ( OAS ) , the main forum for regional affairs in the past 50 years .
Mexico has been hosting a regional summit in the beach resort of Cancun .
The OAS has been dogged by rifts between some members and the US over economic policy and trade , and criticised for promoting US interests .
' Regional integration '
The proposed new grouping was one of the main issues on the agenda of the two - day summit , which ended on Tuesday .
It " must as a priority push for regional integration ... and promote the regional agenda in global meetings " , Mexican President Felipe Calderon told the summit , which includes leaders and representatives from 32 countries .
It 's very important that we do n't try to replace the OAS .
The OAS is a permanent organisation that has its own functions
Chilean President - elect Sebastian Pinera
Argentina wins Falklands backing Cuban President Raul Castro was quick to applaud Mr Calderon 's announcement as a historic move toward " the constitution of a purely Latin American and Caribbean regional organisation " .
Cuba was suspended from the OAS in 1962 because of its socialist political system .
In 2009 , the OAS voted to lift Cuba 's suspension but the country has declined to rejoin .
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez earlier expressed his support for the proposal , citing it as a move away from US " colonising " of the region .
A US State Department official , Arturo Valenzuela , said he did not see the new body as a problem .
" This should not be an effort that would replace the OAS , " he said .
The terms of the new bloc and whether it would replace the Rio Group of Latin American countries has not been clarified .
" It 's very important that we do n't try to replace the OAS , " said Chile 's President - elect Sebastian Pinera .
" The OAS is a permanent organisation that has its own functions . "
On Monday , Bolivian President Evo Morales proposed that it begin operating in July 2011 with a summit hosted by Venezuela .
Falklands row The Cancun summit has also unanimously backed Argentina 's claim over the British - owned Falklands .
Argentina is angered that a UK firm has begun drilling for oil off the Falkland Islands , which lie about 450 km ( 280 miles ) off the Argentine coast .
Argentina and Britain went to war over the South Atlantic islands , which Argentina calls the Malvinas , in 1982 , after Buenos Aires invaded them .
The leaders at Cancun also discussed whether to recognise Porfirio Lobo as the legitimate president of Honduras after he was elected president under interim authorities following a 28 June coup that ousted Manuel Zelaya .
A long - term plan to help Haiti recover from the devastating January earthquake was also on the agenda .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Last monday ( February 8 , 2010 ) Sebastiaan Visser and I presented our ongoing work on the AwesomePrelude at the Dutch Haskell User Group meeting .
In a previous post “ Deeply embedded DSLs in Haskell ” , I introduced the AwesomePrelude .
While the ideas behind that post have n’t changed , the implementation of the AwesomePrelude is radically different now .
The AwesomePrelude is reimplementation of the Haskell prelude in which all data types have been replaced with type classes .
Embedded Domain Specific Languages ( DSLs ) can implement these type classes to get access to the functions defined in terms of the type classes .
For example : by implementing the BoolC type class , a DSL gets to use the ( && ) , ( || ) and not functions .
Here ’s a recording of our presentation :
The slides are online , and the code is available on github .
The reactive javascript example Sebastiaan mentions in the talk does n’t use the AwesomePrelude per se , but is based on the same ideas .
Announcement stokes fears of old fashioned bank runs if economy takes a turn for the worse
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Monday , February 22 , 2010
A new advisory being sent by America ’s third largest bank to its account holders has stoked fears that major financial institutions could be preparing for old fashioned bank runs if the economy takes a turn for the worse .
Originally reported by John Carney over at the Business Insider website , Citigroup is sending the following information to customers along with their bank statements .
“ Effective April 1 , 2010 , we reserve the right to require ( 7 ) days advance notice before permitting a withdrawal from all checking accounts .
While we do not currently exercise this right and have not exercised it in the past , we are required by law to notify you of this change . ”
An almost identical advisory to the one being sent out can be read on page 22 of Citbank ’s Client Manual effective January 1 , 2010 , which can be read here from Citibank ’s own website .
“ We reserve the right to require seven ( 7 ) days advance notice before permitting a withdrawal from all checking , savings and money market accounts .
We currently do not exercise this right and have not exercised it in the past , ” states the manual .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
According to the Future of Capitalism blog , Citigroup originally claimed that the warning was only sent nationwide as a result of a mistake , but that the measures do apply to account holders in Texas .
However , in a statement , Citigroup confirmed that they had reserved the right to impose the new 7 day rule on all account holders nationwide , but claimed they had no plans to enforce it .
The bank stated that they had been forced to enact the new policy as a result of federal regulations .
“ When Citibank moved to unlimited FDIC coverage in 2009 , we had to reclassify many checking accounts to allow for immediate withdrawals in order to ensure all customers qualified for the additional coverage .
When we moved back to standard FDIC coverage with most major banks in 2010 , Citibank decided to reclassify those accounts back to make them eligible again for promotional incentives .
To do so , Federal Reserve Reg D requires these accounts , called NOW accounts , to reserve the right to require a 7 - day notice of withdrawal .
We recently communicated this technical requirement to our customers .
However , we have never exercised this right and have no plans to do so in the future , ” reads a statement released by the bank .
Over the last 18 months , numerous rumors of bank runs , “ bank holidays , ” and limitations on access to cash at ATM ’s have been floating around .
Citigroup ’s new policy to restrict withdrawals wo n’t do anything to calm such fears .
As we reported back in 2008 , the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. , which guarantees individual accounts up to $ 100,000 , only has about $ 50 billion to “ insure ” about $ 1 trillion in assets across the nation ’s financial institutions .
This revelation prompted fears that an accelerating amount of bank closures could absorb FDIC funds and leave holders of money market and traditional savings accounts exposed .
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —— ——
Citigroup Warns Customers
It May Refuse To Allow Withdrawals
John Carney
Business Insider
Sunday , February 21 , 2010
The image of banks locking their doors to keep customers from making withdrawals during a bank run is what immediately came to mind when we heard that Citigroup was telling customers it has the right to prevent any withdrawals from checking accounts for seven days .
More here .
Below are a number of other news sources reporting on this story and the potential for bank runs .
Citi Warns of Withdrawal Gate
Foreign Embassies Urged to Stockpile Local Currencies
Government Trying To Prevent Bank Run After IndyMac Collapse
What ’s a Bank Run ?
This article was posted : Monday , February 22 , 2010 at 6:13 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
TM E9-369A : German 88 - mm Antiaircraft Gun Materiel
Technical Manual , War Department , June 29 , 1943
[ DISCLAIMER :
The following text is taken from a WWII U.S. War Department Technical Manual .
As with all manuals , the text may be incomplete or inaccurate .
No attempt has been made to update or correct the contents of the original technical manual .
Any views or opinions expressed do not necessarily represent those of the website . ]
A month ago NVIDIA shared this slide with me :
It 's a graph of the total available market , according to NVIDIA , for its Tegra SoC ( System - on - Chip ) .
This year alone NVIDIA estimates that there 's around a $ 4B market for Tegra .
Next year it grows to $ 6B .
By 2013 the total available market for NVIDIA 's Tegra SoC reaches over $ 10B .
That 's more money than NVIDIA ever made from the PC market .
In order to compete in that space you need a competent chip .
Today NVIDIA is announcing its second generation Tegra SoC .
It 's creatively named the Tegra 2 and this is what it looks like in block diagram form :
The SoC is made up of 8 independent processors , up from 7 in the original Tegra .
The first two are the most exciting to me - a pair of ARM Cortex A9 cores .
These are dual - issue out of order cores from ARM running at up to 1GHz .
If you thought the A8 was fast , these things should be much faster .
The original Tegra used a single ARM11 core .
It was multi-core capable but the only version NVIDIA ever shipped only had a single ARM11 .
By now you know that ARM11 is unreasonably slow and thus you see my biggest problem with Tegra 1 .
Tegra 2 addresses this in a grand way .
NVIDIA skipped over Cortex A8 entirely and went to what it believes is a more power efficient , higher performing option with the A9 .
I 'll go deeper into the A9's architecture shortly , but to put it bluntly - A8 is dead in my eyes , Cortex A9 is what you want .
The next processor is an audio decode core .
NVIDIA acquired PortalPlayer in 2007 for somewhere around $ 350 M .
PortalPlayer SoCs were used in the first five generations of iPods .
PortalPlayer contributed to much of NVIDIA 's know how when it came to building SoCs and audio decoders .
NVIDIA is particularly proud of its audio decode core , claiming that it can deliver system power in the low 10s of mW while playing an MP3 .
It 's difficult to quality that claim .
Microsoft lists
Zune HD battery life at 33 hours while playing MP3s , while Apple claims the iPod Touch can do the same for 30 hours .
Is NVIDIA responsible for the Zune 's longer MP3 playback battery life ?
I 've got no clue .
Given that this is n't 1995 , audio decoding is n't very hard nor very interesting so let 's move on .
The next two cores are for video encode and decode .
On the encode side NVIDIA claims to be able to accelerate the encode of 1080 p H.264 video .
This is up from 720 p in the original Tegra and particularly important for any handsets that might include a video camera .
Bitrates , power consumption and other pertinent details remain unknown .
The video decode side is where NVIDIA believes it has an advantage .
Tegra 's video decode processor accelerates up to 1080 p high profile H.264 video at bitrates in the 10s of megabits per second .
The Samsung SoC in the iPhone 3GS is limited to only 480 p H.264 decode despite Samsung claiming 1080 p decode support on its public Cortex A8 SoC datasheets .
NVIDIA insists that no one else can do 1080 p decode at high bitrates in a remotely power efficient manner .
Tegra 's 1080 p decode can be done in the low 100s of mW .
NVIDIA claims that the competition often requires well over 1W of total system power to do the same because they rely on the CPU to do some of the decoding .
Again , this is one of those difficult to validate claims .
Imagination has demonstrated very low CPU utilization 1080 p H.264 decode on its PowerVR SGX core , but I have no idea of the power consumption .
NVIDIA 's numbers are interesting , but not 3rd party verified
So let 's see , that 's two ARM Cortex A9 cores , an audio core , video encode and video decode - we 're up to five at this point .
The next processor is used for image signal processing .
In other words it 's the core that drives a still / video camera in a Tegra handset .
The processor supports up to 12 MP sensors , auto whitebalance , auto focus and general video processing on either a still picture or a video stream .
The output can be routed to the next core : Tegra 2's GeForce GPU .
NVIDIA was n't willing to say much about Tegra 's graphics core other than it was their own design .
NVIDIA confirmed that the only 3rd party IP in Tegra 2 are the ARM cores , the rest is made in house .
And if you were wondering , Tegra 2 is the other platform that Epic demonstrated its Unreal Engine 3 mobile technology on .
The GPU in Tegra 2 is the same architecture as Tegra 1 ( OpenGL ES 2.0 is supported ) , just higher performance .
NVIDIA expects a 2 - 3 x performance increase thanks to improved efficiency , more memory bandwidth and a higher clock rate .
The original Tegra only supported LPDDR1 , while Tegra 2 supports LPDDR2 .
The Zune HD's Tegra SoC had a 32 - bit 333M Hz datarate LPDDR1 memory bus , resulting in 1.33 GB/s of memory bandwidth .
Tegra 2 in a single package with integrated memory should deliver about twice that .
NVIDIA 's believes while other SoC makers can promise higher theoretical performance , Tegra and Tegra 2 deliver better real world gaming performance thanks to everything from the hardware to the software stack .
Given NVIDIA 's experience in optimizing desktop GPU drivers , I 've got no problems giving NVIDIA the benefit of the doubt here .
Tegra 1 was able to run Quake 3 at 720 p with AA at over 40 fps , which according to NVIDIA was faster than any other SoC in a handset today .
I have n't personally benchmarked Quake 3 on any SoCs so I can't really validate that claim either .
Ok , only one processor left and this one is simple .
Tegra 2 ( like Tegra ) has an ARM7 processor that is used for chip management .
It handles dataflow , power management and other similar tasks .
You 'll notice the one thing missing from NVIDIA 's Tegra 2 is a cellular modem .
There simply is n't one .
NVIDIA 's philosophy is to focus on the core compute functions of an SoC that require no carrier or FCC testing .
An OEM could mate a Tegra 2 with a tried and true modem , lose out on the integration side but win in time to market .
Given the sheer number of different wireless networks in the world , leaving the modem out of the design makes sense to me .
But then again I do n't make smartphones .
It may prevent Tegra 2 from going into the cheapest solutions , but that 's not where NVIDIA wants to be in any case .
— The snow that started with a few flakes in the southern portion of the state just after sunset progressed Friday night across the entire WRAL viewing area , WRAL meteorologist Mike Maze said .
" There will be noticeable accumulations across much of the area , " WRAL Chief Meteorologist Greg Fishel said .
Fayetteville and areas to the south and east could see 4 to 6 inches of snow by Saturday morning , Fishel said .
Two to 4 inches would be a good bet for Raleigh , he said .
Maze warned that roads would be " slushy " and that bridges and overpasses were likely to freeze over in some areas .
The conditions had some drivers sliding into ditches in Wake County , the state Highway Patrol said .
Fayetteville police said road conditions were quiet around 9:45 p.m .
There were a few dozen wrecks , mostly in the Columbus County area , troopers said .
Wrecks with injuries were reported at the intersections of Holly Springs and Kildaire Farm roads in Apex and Ballentine Dairy and Sunset Lake roads in Raleigh .
Other wrecks were reported at :
Camellia and Hitchcock drives in Durham
Lake Boone Trail and Landmark Drive in Raleigh
Wakefield Plantation and Forest Pine drives in Raleigh
3921 Western Boulevard in Raleigh
Lake Wheeler Road and Sierra Drive in Raleigh
Sunset Lake Road and Main Street in Holly Springs
Perry Creek and Berkshire Downs in Raleigh
10000 Raleigh Road near the intersection of King Mill Road in Johnston County
With every run of the computer models used for forecasting , WRAL meteorologist Elizabeth Gardner said she found the storm " looking really impressive " and " more intense . ”
" The snowfall could be rather heavy at times tonight , " Fishel said .
The National Weather Service has much of the state under winter weather warnings and advisories from 5 p.m. Friday through noon Saturday .
Unlike the storm on Jan. 29 - 30 , which combined snow , sleet and ice in North Carolina , this round will be all snow , Fishel said .
" The difference between this storm and the last one , " Maze said , " is that , instead of temperatures plummeting into the 20s while the storm is occurring and staying there , our temperatures will actually warm up Saturday .
We 'll get into the upper 30s , and we will see melting take place during the day . "
" The moisture is concentrated Friday night , and exits stage right Saturday , " Fishel added .
By Sunday , the weather will clear up in time for another system to move through Monday night into Tuesday morning , which could result in a wintry - mix , Gardner said .
WRAL - TV's Weekend Morning
News will begin at 5 a.m. Saturday .
A Boulder County mountain town known for its laid - back , hippie vibe and quirky events is putting itself on the map once again , this time with separate proposals from residents to legalize all marijuana and to host a two - day festival promoting the drug ’s medicinal uses .
Nederland resident and former town Trustee Michael “ Michigan Mike ” Torpie said Monday that he has gathered enough signatures to put a measure on the ballot for the town ’s April 6 election asking voters to essentially legalize marijuana .
The question , which Torpie said was certified Thursday , will ask voters to legalize the possession , distribution , consumption , cultivation and transportation of marijuana or any of its derivatives — such as the hashish concentrate — along with possession and use of marijuana paraphernalia for anyone 21 or older .
The town clerk was out of town Monday and unavailable to confirm that the measure is finalized .
Meanwhile , organizers of the annual Peak to Peak Music Festival are petitioning the town trustees next week to allow a two - day music and art festival that promotes and is centered around medicinal marijuana .
The Peak to Peak Cannabis Festival would be held July 17 - 18 at the town ’s Guercio Ball Field and would draw an estimated 1,500 to 3,000 people a day .
It would feature folk music , massage therapists , medical - marijuana dispensaries and an area specifically set aside for patients to use the plant .
Read the rest of this report at DailyCamera.com .
One year ago today : it took a few tries to find a domain name like businesssuccessislifesuccess.com that was n't already taken by some terrible person that i hope to never run into at a party
– Ryan
A prominent entertainer charged with sexually abusing a young girl after leaving a media Christmas party says he did so by accident .
The man , who has appeared on TV comedy shows , and whose name is suppressed , appeared in Auckland District Court on Tuesday to face a single charge of unlawful sexual connection against a child under 12 .
The alleged offending occurred earlier this month .
The Sunday Star - Times has learnt the man has engaged top criminal barrister Marie Dyhrberg and will defend the charge on the grounds he " did not know " he was performing an indecent act on the four - year - old girl .
The man has told friends he was drunk when he left the Christmas party .
After the alleged incident , a woman complained to police and the comedian was arrested the next day .
The man has been bailed to live at the home of another media personality , who told the Star - Times his friend was " scared " but " trying to keep his spirits up " .
" He 's trying to remain calm and confident that he will clear his name .
All of his friends know he is innocent and would not be capable of this , " the personality said .
Another friend said that even if the comedian were to get off the charge , his career " is over " .
" His career has been ruined by this , there is no doubt about it .
How could he possibly come back when people know about this ?
" The allegations have spread like wildfire ; everybody knows who he is , even though his name is suppressed . "
At this early stage of the case , it is normal for an accused on such charges to get name suppression .
Comedian Mike King said he had been inundated with text messages and telephone calls from people asking if he was the entertainer charged .
King said he knew the comedian well .
" I have always thought he was a nice guy , always very friendly . "
The comedian will reappear in court on January 5 .
His bail conditions meant he had to hand over his passport and he was not to associate with any person under the age of 16 unless he is supervised by an adult who is not a Crown witness .
A spokesman for the network on which the entertainer has appeared yesterday refused to comment on the company 's response to the charge , or whether it would take any action in relation to the allegations .
The personality last night wanted to speak to the Star - Times about the alleged offending , but his lawyer advised him against it .
The best fried fish tacos we 've ever had .
9th Jun 2006 Nick Kindelsperger
Our own version culled from a few different recipes , an emulation of the classic recipe of homemade tortillas , lightly fried tempura - style fish , a dairy - based white sauce , and fresh , crunchy , gently spicy cabbage .
Real Baja fish tacos are nothing like what you 're used to eating when it comes to Mexican food .
In fact , true Mexican cuisine might be our biggest missed chance .
Satisfied by the ( admittedly tasty )
Tex - Mex - style with its copious cheese , sour cream , pile - it - on technique , we are missing a world of subtlety shot through with spicy excitement , flavors that emphasize festivity and celebration , not fullness and indulgence - - a rich tradition of indigenous techniques influences by European sensibilities , infused with a penchant for bold flavors .
Myself , I know very little , but Rick Bayless is on my list of people to absorb .
He has a few cookbooks and he 's never let us down before .
There could n't be a better example of anti-TexMex than fish tacos .
First , because they provide us a reference point : we all know what tacos are .
We have a general idea that you take a pile of meat , add fillings , eat .
Baja , the finger - peninsula over the border from California , is famous for its fish version , which has been rapidly spreading to California via the chain restaurants Baja Fresh , La Salsa , and Rubio's .
We set out , with the help of the esteemed Mr. Jeffrey Steingarten ( via his essay " Crossing the Line " ) , to make our own version culled from a few different recipes , an emulation of the classic recipe of homemade tortillas , lightly fried fish , a dairy - based white sauce , and fresh , crunchy , gently spicy cabbage .
It was seriously one of the best things I 've ever put my lips around .
PART I : TORTILLAS
Yep , that 's lard .
Kind of looks like a block of butter , except whiter .
Three grocery stores had no idea what to tell me when I asked , sheepishly , if they stocked " lard , please . "
Finally I found it in the meat section , refrigerated .
Let it come to a cool room temperature and gather the following ingredients :
½ cup minus 1 tablespoon lard
3 cups flour
1 scant tablespoon salt
1 ¼ cup very warm water
First , you mix the flour and the salt in a mixing bowl , then add the lard in a big chunk .
Working with your hands , break the lard up into smaller and smaller chunks , coating each with flour , until they 're around the size of , or a bit larger than , rice grains .
Adding the water in three stages , mix the ingredients into a large ball .
Next , roll the whole batter ( if you 're short on workspace , like we are , you can divide it in half now ) into a long 3 - inch - thick cylinder , then cut into pieces .
The idea here is to help you divide the dough into 16 equal balls of dough .
Once you do that , let them rest for around 15 minutes .
Now you 're probably ready to roll out the tortillas .
Using a rolling pin or beer bottle ( it 's the perfect shape , actually , and less unwieldy than a pin ) , roll the dough with a little flour , turning 90 degrees and repeating until it makes a 6 - inch circle .
You 'll have to experiment a bit with the thickness - - too thick and it's more like a pita , too thin and it turns into a cracker on the griddle .
Once you roll it out , toss it from palm to palm to coax it into a nice round shape .
Right before you cook it , stretch it gently here and there to even out the thickness .
Heat the griddle to medium - low heat and cook for about a minute until bubbles start to form and it starts to become pliable .
PART II : WHITE SAUCE
Adapted from " Rich 's Spiced Yogurt and Mayo White Sauce , " available online .
fresh lime juice
½ cup yogurt
½ mayonnaise
1 habenero chili ( use a milder one if you wish )
½ teaspoon - crushed oregano
½ teaspoon - ground cumin
½ teaspoon - dried , crushed dill
½ teaspoon - ground cayenne chile
ground white pepper to taste
First mix the first three ingredients , aiming for a slightly runny consistency .
Dice the chili and finely as possible and add it along with the remaining ingredients .
Watch out for the habeneros , they can knock your tongue for a loop .
You 're done .
PART III : THE FISH
Many suggest using cod ; we decided on the somewhat cheaper tilapia since it looked gorgeous at the store and it's a nice manageable size for our purposes .
Regardless , get it into 1 - inch wide strips .
The batter for the fish is very straightforward and quite clever .
From Epicurious.com .
1 cup flour
2 teaspoons salt
1 beer , not dark
Combine flour and salt , then add beer .
Above you can get a sense of the consistency .
It 's rather goopy , which was nice since the batter actually stayed on the fish when we fried it .
Get a big pan with a thick lip and put enough oil so it 's about an inch thick .
Turn the heat up to medium - high .
All the recipes gave a specific temperature , but we do n't have a thermometer , so it was just a guessing game .
Make sure it 's not on high or it will start to smoke and all chaos will break out .
Do a test run with one piece of fish , and when it 's ready the bubbling of the oil will look like this .
Turn the fish after about a minute .
Look for the color to decide when to remove .
Brown is bad ; golden is okay .
What you 're looking for is something a little less than golden .
Remove and place on a plate with a paper towel to drain .
Cut up the cabbage .
Slice as thinly as possible so the strands still stay together .
Take your freshly made tortillas and place the freshly fried fish and the cabbage inside and slather it with the sauce .
Squeeze some lime juice over it all .
It will be messy .
It will be spicy .
Chances are , you 'll never have tasted a taco quite like this .
Make sure a beer is within arms reach and devour until all is gone .
The last part wo n't be too hard .
Paul Ford is an associate editor at Harper ’s Magazine .
His duties include the full operation of the website .
We requested that he join us for a conversation about the magazine , its website and the site ’s paywall choices and goals .
Choire : Hey Paul !
Thank you for joining me .
At the outset , let me disclaim that we are somewhat friendly , and in fact for one night shared a bedroom in Sag Harbor , though not in any way that calls your heterosexuality into question .
Paul :
That was a beautiful weekend .
Choire : Ha , well you just made that sound a lot worse for you , but okay !
Innuendo aside , I requested your attendance here because I wanted to know a bit about the Harper ’s website , which you designed and schemed up and built ( as in coded ! ) .
Paul : I started freelancing for Harper ’s in 2003 and then started full - time in 2005 .
We launched the archive , which goes back to 1850 , in 2007 .
Along the way we ’ve added the blogs Washington Babylon by Ken Silverstein and No Comment by Scott Horton ( along with Sentences , a blog by Wyatt Mason that ran last year ) .
We also publish a daily Links blog , called Links , and the Weekly Review , a , uh , weekly summary of the news .
I write the code , edit some of the web content , and basically do all the things that need doing .
Choire : I love your inventive and descriptive titles !
Was that the result of a long meeting , calling the weekly review the Weekly Review ?
Paul :
That was Roger Hodge ’s baby ; he also created Findings , which runs in the back of the magazine every month .
He ’s very deadpan .
Choire :
Well , that is why you do n’t mess with Texas .
Paul : EXACTLY .
Choire : So .
As you may have heard , some people are beginning to discuss how to “ make money ” on the “ Internet ” ?
And one of my questions , I guess , is : what are the goals of the Harper ’s website ?
By which I mean : is it to drive subscriptions ?
To be self - supporting ?
To get attention ?
To be considered cool by the kids ?
Or some other , heretofore unthought - of idea ?
Paul : Okay !
Let ’s talk about the paywall .
People are very curious about paywalls .
Choire : Oh yes .
It is an obsession in this time !
Paul :
So , for strangers to harpers.org , if you want to read the current issue of the magazine — the one on newsstands — you have to be a subscriber , which costs $ 16.97 a year .
Choire :
That is outrageous .
Paul : IT IS INSANITY !
It is the END OF THE INTERNET AS WE KNOW IT !
Choire : I mean , what incentive do people to pay that kind of money !
What do they even GET for that !
( Annnd … end sarcasm . )
Paul : But …
Paul : But …
Paul :
We ’re really into the idea of subscribers giving us money in exchange for our product .
Choire :
As a “ business model . ” I think I see .
Paul : I ’m NOT SAYING that giving away things on the Internet is bad .
Choire :
For those interested , the verified paid circulation was 172,709 subscribers ( as reported in the first half of ‘ 08 ) .
Paul : Yes !
And about 25 – 30 % of those at any time are registered for the website .
AND here is the key : our site is basically profitable , because it saves us so much in subscriber acquisition .
Paul : I say “ profitable ” because this is the world of magazines and everything related to money is insane .
Choire :
You mean , people come to the website … and subscribe ?
Paul : Thousands and thousands !
More every day !
I have charts .
Choire : Wow , charts ?
Paul : I can not share them but they look like this :
Paul : Feb 01 ######################################(76 )
Paul :
Does that not whet the appetite ?
Paul : Anyway , sometimes people say YOU ARE THE STUPIDEST WEBSITE IN STUPIDTOWN BECAUSE I WANT EVERYTHING FREE RIGHT NOW !
Paul :
And I say , “ but we saved hundreds of thousands of dollars in acquisition costs and our product is not expensive ! ”
Choire :
Do you get emails like that ?
Paul : Less now .
People send more love letters now saying “ I LIKE THE ARCHIVE . ”
But for a long time there was anger and denial .
How could we be on the web and not give everything away ?
Paul :
Also we do give a lot away , just not while it ’s on the newsstand , and if we have the digital rights .
Choire :
Oh , I was very curious about that , in fact !
Paul :
For instance look for “ FREE TEXT ” here .
Paul : PDFs and page images are always subs only , but that ’s about legal compliance more than anything else .
Choire : I ’m fascinated with your writer ’s contracts that do not include digital distribution rights ( something I ’ve never experienced ever anywhere else ) but I suppose that is not your department .
My question is : how does the decision get made to put stuff “ outside ” the paywall ?
Paul :
It ’s pretty simple .
If it ’s currently on the newsstand it almost NEVER happens .
The Guantanamo Suicides piece was a VERY special exception .
Paul :
Once it ’s off the newsstand most of the issue is available and I ’ve been going through and putting more up , or we repost it if it ’s relevant .
Sometimes people remind me of pieces they ’d like to see on the web and I make a point of posting them .
I ’ve been pulling more and more out from behind the paywall as we go .
But of course what people are most interested in , this being a monthly magazine , is the current issue .
Choire : Sure .
We ’re all very obsessed with what ’s new .
Why would we want to read an OLD piece ?
What blog would care about that ?
Paul :
And when we have big , controversial pieces , subscription rates often double for a few days as people come to read them .
It IS hard to convince media outlets to link to things that require payment .
Paul :
So if NPR or PBS does something with a writer , they want us to post something for free access .
Choire :
Oh that ’s interesting - you get peer pressure from other media outlets to put your wares out there for free ?
Paul : Yes , absolutely .
Choire :
There ’s a term for that , I think .
Paul :
Am I supposed to say something clever now ?
Because I do not know the term .
YOU SAID THERE WOULDN ’T BE A QUIZ .
Choire : I ’m looping back slightly .
Rolling Stone ’s policy is that they put things up from the “ new ” issue about two weeks after publication .
( Though they do teaser things , like photoshoots and little excerpts and stuff . )
So meanwhile , they must fill their website with other things .
Obviously , they ’re not a nonprofit , so there are differences !
How much original “ web ” “ content ” do you think you should be doing .
More ?
Less ?
Paul : More !
Always more !
I love putting things on the web .
I like the paywall because it helps us pay writers and writers should be paid .
Choire : * blinks *
Paul :
But if I had more resources I would love more blogs and more stuff from the archives and more art and so on .
THAT SAID we ’re probably at the limit of what is possible as a one - person web shop .
Paul :
So if we can hum along and sell a goodly number of subscriptions and I can do a few projects like the searchable Harper ’s Index , that ’s okay too .
Choire : I see .
Are your blogs edited by a person who is not the writer of the blog ?
Paul : Yes !
Scott is edited by Sam Stark and Ken is edited by Ted Ross .
Choire : Nuts !
Paul : I know .
We even fact - check things in the blogs if a post contains original reporting .
Choire : I am going to try that some day .
Choire :
One thing we have here is that , since there are three of us , the editorial and the business side are close and actually have to work to build distance .
You ’re at a not much bigger organization .
How much involvement does the biz side have with you ?
Are there things that the business side would like , that you may or may not do ?
Paul : I ’ve always worked with the business side on the website .
Things here are more about what ’s possible rather than what people like or do n’t like .
I mean , advertising would like HUGE TRAFFIC and circ would like MORE SUBS but the only easy way to get more traffic is to give everything away and then we would n’t get more subs ( well , some people say so , but we ’re cautious ) , so at the end of the day not everyone gets what they want , but such is life .
Choire : Hmm .
How do we know or suspect that you would n’t get more subs , and sell more ads , if you had no paywall ?
( I have always been largely anti-paywall , which is why I am talking to you actually ! )
Paul :
We do n’t !
Not really .
But publications that count on revenue from advertising and hope that larger traffic equals more conversions to subscriptions are not exactly jumping up and down going “ THIS IS GREAT . ”
Paul : I honestly , HONESTLY do not say that we are doing it the right way , but I do n’t believe people know the right way .
We are doing it in an INTERESTING way and we are not spending very much to make that happen .
Choire :
That ’s fair .
Paul :
We ’ve talked about the [ new ]
Times model - give away a certain amount , then make them pay .
But would that scale down to our level ?
We do n’t have anywhere near as many articles as they do .
Like a fraction of a percent .
Choire : I would imagine that your data shows your average reader is a deep reader there though .
Paul : Subscribers are ; visitors poke around archive content - but that could be my fault !
Or the fault of our CMS .
Which I wrote , so it ’s my fault .
Meaning : do we recommend enough articles ?
Do we make it clear what ’s free and what is n’t ?
Etc .
There are all known problems and I am coding away busily in Django to try to solve them .
I mean , there is probably a 30 percent traffic boost sitting around in the form of design changes , usability , IA , UX , etc .
Plus special features , or community - those are also drivers .
Choire : Sure .
I think I tend to come , find a thing , read it and then - like with most websites !
- I ’m not sure I know where to click next .
Also , like , there ’s nowhere to comment .
Paul : Exactly , so I want to fix that this year .
That ’s my big goal .
So you have plenty of things to read ( because everything is organized by subject ) , and no doubt as to which article to read next !
Choire : So. Can I Haz Harper ’s Comments ?
Paul : Hmmmm …
Okay , so here are my thoughts there : yes !
But not as a one - person web shop .
That ’s too many late nights .
We ’d need more blogs , too .
What I wish I could do is take our tens of thousands of nice registered subscribers and offer them a Metafilter - style community — something where they could create the content and talk and interact ( with editors ) and then we could promote the most interesting stuff to the home page .
Paul : I like that idea because I would deeply enjoy being part of that community .
Paul :
Our readers are intense and have very many things to say !
Choire : Hoo , I bet .
And speaking of engagement !
What sort of role in the website did Roger have ?
Paul : Roger was truly awesome about the web .
Here ’s an example : when I started freelancing in 2003 we went out for lunch and I said , “ Look , the stuff I ’m doing , I do n’t have a web interface for it , and it ’s all done on the command line , ” and I sort of expected that to end the deal , and he said , “ Well , if you want , we can set it up on my Mac and you can ssh in . ”
When he was the Deputy Editor he made a point of learning some Perl and XSLT so we could mess around with XML .
And he was also an extraordinarily good editor .
Choire : He WHAT !
I ’m afraid I had no idea .
Paul : Yes !
If Roger was n’t such a serious editor he would have been a web nerd .
We occasionally referred to him as Sysadmin - in - Chief .
Choire : Huh !
Paul :
So anyway , he and I used to talk a great deal about databases and JavaScript and JQuery .
He was about architecture , not just content , and that was very helpful at the top level .
Obviously there ’s a lot going on here right now but everyone knows that Roger truly got the web .
Choire : I suspect that ’s the kind of literally hands - on experience that does not go on at other magazines .
Besides Life & Style , of course .
Paul :
But totally .
I order the computers and sometimes have to patch phone lines in the back office .
Choire : Oof !
Full service .
Okay , a final question .
Choire :
If you personally had ten million dollars , what would you do with it ?
And would you quit your job ?
Choire : ( PRESUMING YOU DON’T HAVE TEN MILLION DOLLARS . )
Paul : I DON ’T HAVE TEN MILLION DOLLARS .
Paul : I would finish my sci - fi novel and open a cat refuge .
I would have an apartment with doors .
Paul : Wait .
There ’s more .
Paul : I would probably spend time developing some interesting javascript code and I would become the world ’s most dedicated blogger !
About technology and historical audio !
Paul :
Was that a good answer ?
Do I get the $ 10 million ?
DO I ? IS THIS A TEST ?
Choire : Would n’t that be hilarious if suddenly the ceiling in your office opened up and cash covered you like sweat at a strip club ?
Paul :
What if I had said , “ I would finally be able to treat my mom ’s cancer ? ”
WOULD THAT HAVE BEEN A FUNNY ANSWER ?
Paul : Luckily my mom does n’t have cancer .
Paul :
Oh wait the phone ’s ringing .
Paul :
It ’s my mom !
Paul : OH GOD I HAVE TO GO !
Choire : Uh oh ?
Paul : WHAT HAVE I DONE ?
Paul : YOU KILLED MY MOTHER CHOIRE .
Paul : JUST LIKE THE INTERNET KILLED PUBLISHING .
Who Should Be in Charge of Cybersecurity ?
U.S. government cybersecurity is an insecure mess , and fixing it is going to take considerable attention and resources .
Trying to make sense of this , President Barack Obama ordered a 60 - day review of government cybersecurity initiatives .
Meanwhile , the U.S. House Subcommittee on Emerging Threats , Cybersecurity , Science and Technology is holding hearings on the same topic .
One of the areas of contention is who should be in charge .
The FBI , DHS and DoD — specifically , the NSA — all have interests here .
Earlier this month , Rod Beckström resigned from his position as director of the DHS ’s National Cybersecurity Center , warning of a power grab by the NSA .
Putting national cybersecurity in the hands of the NSA is an incredibly bad idea .
An entire parade of people , ranging from former FBI director Louis Freeh to Microsoft ’s Trusted Computing Group Vice President and former Justice Department computer crime chief Scott Charney , have told Congress the same thing at this month ’s hearings .
Cybersecurity is n’t a military problem , or even a government problem — it ’s a universal problem .
All networks , military , government , civilian and commercial , use the same computers , the same networking hardware , the same Internet protocols and the same software packages .
We all are the targets of the same attack tools and tactics .
It ’s not even that government targets are somehow more important ; these days , most of our nation ’s critical IT infrastructure is in commercial hands .
Government - sponsored Chinese hackers go after both military and civilian targets .
Some have said that the NSA should be in charge because it has specialized knowledge .
Earlier this month , Director of National Intelligence Admiral Dennis Blair made this point , saying “ There are some wizards out there at Ft. Meade who can do stuff . ”
That ’s probably not true , but if it is , we ’d better get them out of Ft. Meade as soon as possible — they ’re doing the nation little good where they are now .
Not that government cybersecurity failings require any specialized wizardry to fix .
GAO reports indicate that government problems include insufficient access controls , a lack of encryption where necessary , poor network management , failure to install patches , inadequate audit procedures , and incomplete or ineffective information security programs .
These are n’t super - secret NSA - level security issues ; these are the same managerial problems that every corporate CIO wrestles with .
We ’ve all got the same problems , so solutions must be shared .
If the government has any clever ideas to solve its cybersecurity problems , certainly a lot of us could benefit from those solutions .
If it has an idea for improving network security , it should tell everyone .
The best thing the government can do for cybersecurity world - wide is to use its buying power to improve the security of the IT products everyone uses .
If it imposes significant security requirements on its IT vendors , those vendors will modify their products to meet those requirements .
And those same products , now with improved security , will become available to all of us as the new standard .
Moreover , the NSA ’s dual mission of providing security and conducting surveillance means it has an inherent conflict of interest in cybersecurity .
Inside the NSA , this is called the “ equities issue . ”
During the Cold War , it was easy ; the NSA used its expertise to protect American military information and communications , and eavesdropped on Soviet information and communications .
But what happens when both the good guys the NSA wants to protect , and the bad guys the NSA wants to eavesdrop on , use the same systems ?
They all use Microsoft Windows , Oracle databases , Internet email , and Skype .
When the NSA finds a vulnerability in one of those systems , does it alert the manufacturer and fix it — making both the good guys and the bad guys more secure ?
Or does it keep quiet about the vulnerability and not tell anyone — making it easier to spy on the bad guys but also keeping the good guys insecure ?
Programs like the NSA ’s warrantless wiretapping program have created additional vulnerabilities in our domestic telephone networks .
Testifying before Congress earlier this month , former DHS National Cyber Security division head Amit Yoran said “ the intelligence community has always and will always prioritize its own collection efforts over the defensive and protection mission of our government ’s and nation ’s digital systems . ”
Maybe the NSA could convince us that it ’s putting cybersecurity first , but its culture of secrecy will mean that any decisions it makes will be suspect .
Under current law , extended by the Bush administration ’s extravagant invocation of the “ state secrets ” privilege when charged with statutory and constitutional violations , the NSA ’s activities are not subject to any meaningful public oversight .
And the NSA ’s tradition of military secrecy makes it harder for it to coordinate with other government IT departments , most of which do n’t have clearances , let alone coordinate with local law enforcement or the commercial sector .
We need transparent and accountable government processes , using commercial security products .
We need government cybersecurity programs that improve security for everyone .
The NSA certainly has an advisory and a coordination role in national cybersecurity , and perhaps a more supervisory role in DoD cybersecurity — both offensive and defensive — but it should not be in charge .
Categories : National Security Policy
Last week , a jury convicted Baltimore ’s mayor , Sheila Dixon , of embezzlement — stealing gift cards intended for needy children .
This was the trial of the century in Maryland ( the state that brought you Spiro Agnew ) .
This week , the mayor ’s attorneys plan to move for a mistrial .
Here is what went down .
As is typical for all trials , the presiding Judge Dennis M. Sweeney advised jurors to keep a low profile and not communicate with one another ( or anyone else ) outside the jury room .
After deliberations began , half of the the jurors ignored the Judge ’s admonition and immediately “ friended ” each other on Facebook .
During the four - day Thanksgiving break , two of them even made plans to celebrate the holiday together .
On the Sunday of the Thanksgiving break , before deliberations resumed , Juror No. 11 , Elaine Pollack , wrote on the wall of Juror No. 12 , JamesChaney ,
“ Hi James !
Ready for round ……..oh I lost count !
See you tomorrow ! ”
He replied : “ Yeah its probably round 12 or 13 but im ready i guess .
Hopefully it will be the last round . ”
[ And then ]
“ Al , ” a person not on the jury , added a comment to that online conversation that read : “ Not guilty … ” After the verdict , [ Juror No. 6 , Shiron ]
Davis , wrote : “ NO AL , GUILTY AS HELL… SORRY . ”
This is precisely the kind of contact that jurors are not supposed to have with each other and the public during deliberations .
You can be sure the Mayor ’s team of a half - a - dozen high - priced defense attorneys will seize on this contact in their motion for mistrial .
But Siouxsie says , “ What ’s the big deal ? ”
Sure , the jurors were idiots to friend each other on Facebook after the Judge ’s warning , and even more reckless to post about the case on each other ’s Facebook walls .
But even so , this case was a high - profile one and , as such , both sides tried their case in the court of public opinion anyway .
In the future , attorneys and judges need to adjust their expectations and deal with reality .
Jurors are going to use social networking sites with one another .
This stuff is not going away .
This verdict should not be thrown out over some silly Facebook banter .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Posted in Law
Tags : embezzlement , Facebook , Judge Sweeney , Mayor Dixon , mistrial , Sheila Dixon , Siouxsie Law
Who wrote 2.6.33
Did you know ...?
LWN . net is a subscriber - supported publication ; we rely on subscribers to keep the entire operation going .
Please help out by buying a subscription and keeping LWN on the net .
The release of the 2.6.33 - rc7 prepatch indicates that this development cycle is headed toward a close , even if Linus thinks that a - rc8 will be necessary .
As has become traditional , LWN has taken a look at some statistics related to this cycle and where the code came from .
As of this writing , 10,500 non-merge commits have found their way into 2.6.33 - fairly normal by recent standards .
These changes added almost 900,000 lines while deleting almost 520,000 others ; as a result , the kernel grew by a mere 380,000 lines this time around .
According to the most recent regression list , 97 regressions have been reported in 2.6.33 , of which 20 remain unresolved .
Some 1,152 developers contributed code to 2.6.33 .
The most active of those were :
Most active 2.6.33 developers
By changesets Ben Hutchings 145 1.4 % Frederic Weisbecker 145 1.4 % Arnaldo Carvalho de Melo 138 1.3 % Luis R. Rodriguez 130 1.2 % Masami Hiramatsu 128 1.2 % Bartlomiej Zolnierkiewicz 124 1.2 % Eric Dumazet 108 1.0 % Alan Cox 105 1.0 % Manu Abraham 102 1.0 % Thomas Gleixner 101 1.0 % Eric W. Biederman 97 0.9 % Roel Kluin 91 0.9 % Alexander Duyck 88 0.8 % Paul Mundt 87 0.8 % Johannes Berg 80 0.8 % Wey - Yi Guy 77 0.7 % Alex Deucher 76 0.7 % Jean Delvare 73 0.7 % Al Viro 72 0.7 % By changed lines Bartlomiej Zolnierkiewicz 206468 18.1 % Henk de Groot 50355 4.4 % Jerry Chuang 49627 4.3 % Ben Skeggs 37555 3.3 % Philipp Reisner 23182 2.0 % Eilon Greenstein 23123 2.0 % Tomi Valkeinen 22508 2.0 % Mike Frysinger 13116 1.1 % Ben Hutchings 12680 1.1 % Jakob Bornecrantz 11613 1.0 % Wu Zhangjin 11325 1.0 % Greg Kroah - Hartman 10468 0.9 % Rajendra Nayak 9978 0.9 % Manu Abraham 9625 0.8 % jack wang 9171 0.8 % Masami Hiramatsu 8973 0.8 % Alan Cox 7672 0.7 % David VomLehn 7331 0.6 % Arnaldo Carvalho de Melo 7217 0.6 %
While some of the usual names appear at the top of this list , there are some newcomers as well .
Ben Hutchings did a lot of work with network drivers , including the addition of the SolarFlare SFC9000 driver ( which has several co-authors ) .
Frederic Weisbecker has been active in a number of areas , adding the hardware breakpoints code , removing the big kernel lock from the reiserfs filesystem , and working with tracing and the perf tool .
Arnaldo Carvalho de Melo's work is almost all with the perf events subsystem and the perf tool in particular .
Luis Rodriguez continues to work all over the wireless driver subsystem , and with the Atheros drivers in particular , and Masami Hiramatsu 's largest contribution is the dynamic probing work .
In the " lines changed " column , Bartlomiej Zolnierkiewicz continues to work in fixing up some wireless drivers in the staging tree , deleting a lot of code in the process ; he also continues his IDE driver work .
Henk de Groot added the Agere driver for HERMES II chipsets , Jerry Chuang added the Realtek rtl8192u driver , and Ben Skeggs added much of the Nouveau driver .
Contributions to 2.6.33 came from 182 employers that your editor was able to identify .
The most active of those are :
Most active 2.6.33 employers
By changesets ( None ) 1535 14.6 % Red Hat 1223 11.6 % Intel 1011 9.6 % ( Unknown ) 868 8.3 % IBM 500 4.8 % Novell 390 3.7 % Nokia 319 3.0 % ( Consultant ) 316 3.0 % Fujitsu 204 1.9 % Texas Instruments 199 1.9 % Atheros Communications 169 1.6 % ( Academia ) 166 1.6 % AMD 165 1.6 % Oracle 136 1.3 % Analog Devices 130 1.2 % Renesas Technology 126 1.2 % Pengutronix 125 1.2 % HP 124 1.2 % Solarflare Communications 123 1.2 %
By lines changed ( None ) 304895 26.7 % ( Unknown ) 109716 9.6 % Red Hat 92991 8.1 % Broadcom 54272 4.8 % Realtek 49951 4.4 % Intel 46302 4.1 % Nokia 37505 3.3 % Novell 27235 2.4 % IBM 26783 2.3 % ( Consultant ) 25845 2.3 % Texas Instruments 24232 2.1 % LINBIT 23247 2.0 % Analog Devices 19677 1.7 % VMWare 16045 1.4 % Samsung 15707 1.4 % Solarflare Communications 15054 1.3 % JiangSu Lemote Corp. 11439 1.0 % AMD 9218 0.8 % Universal Scientific Industrial Co. 9194 0.8 %
As usual , Red Hat maintains its position at the top of the list , but others are gaining ; we may yet see a day when Red Hat is just one of several major contributors .
Some readers may be surprised to see Broadcom near the top of the list , given that this company 's reputation for contribution is not the best .
The truth of the matter is that Broadcom has several developers contributing to various drivers in the networking and SCSI subsystems ; it 's only in the wireless realm that the trouble starts .
For the fun of it , your editor typed the " changeset percent " numbers for the last ten releases into a spreadsheet and got this plot :
The percentages are surprisingly stable over the course of almost three years .
The most obviously identifiable trends , perhaps , are the steady increases in the contributions from Intel and Nokia .
All told , the process continues to function smoothly .
The occasional complaint about certain companies not fully participating in the process notwithstanding , the picture is one of hundreds of companies cooperating to a high degree to create the Linux kernel despite their fierce competition elsewhere .
The significant percentage of code coming from developers working on their own time shows that Linux is not just a corporate phenomenon , though .
We have built a development community which is able to incorporate the interests and work of an astonishingly wide variety of people into a single kernel .
As always , thanks are due to Greg Kroah - Hartman , who has done a great deal of work to reduce the size of the " ( Unknown ) " entries in the tables above .
Shiv Sena ’s blades are out for the latest Shah Rukh Khan - starrer — literally .
Screens were damaged on Tuesday as — despite the Sena ’s proclamations that it would allow My Name Is Khan ( MNIK ) to be released peacefully in the state — Mumbai witnessed a spate of attacks on theatres and multiplexes .
The violence was a protest against the opening of advance bookings for the movie .
Police officials have arrested over 380 Shiv Sainiks allegedly involved in the incidents .
The theatres attacked include Mehul in Mulund , Huma Adlabs near Kanjurmarg railway station and Big Cinemas ( Metro ) while demonstrations took place at other locations .
Local police stations have been put on alert and asked to keep a close eye on activities of Shiv Sainiks in their respective jurisdictions , said a senior police officer , adding that troublemakers would be picked up under preventive sections .
Security measures were put in place early on Tuesday , with heavy police deployment outside theatres and multiplexes across the city after the attacks started in Mulund and Kanjurmarg .
The mayhem began around noon , when 30 to 40 Shiv Sainiks attacked the Mehul theatre .
They broke the glass of the window which was accepting advance bookings of the film as well as the frames enclosing posters of MNIK .
A staffer of Mehul cinema said , “ They barged into the theatre armed with sticks and bamboos shouting slogans against the film ; the rampage went on for nearly twenty minutes . ”
Ganesh Lodha , manager , Mehul cinema , said , “ Our staffers were not injured but the entrance and booking windows were damaged . ”
The second attack was on the Huma Adlabs multiplex near the Kanjurmarg railway station where 16 Shiv Sainiks bought tickets for a Three Idiots show .
Once inside , they shouted slogans against Shah Rukh Khan and tried to damage the screen using a blade that they were carrying with them .
Later in the day , at around 5:30 pm , Santosh Mane , a 38 - year - old Sena activist , not only managed to sneak into Big Cinema ( Metro ) , just a stone ’s throw away from the Mumbai police headquarters , but also damage the screen using a blade .
He had bought tickets for the movie Striker .
“ After the movie got over , Mane went near the screen and tore it with a blade which he had concealed , ” said police inspector Pradeep Londe of Azad Maidan police station .
Even though Mane claimed that he was alone , the police suspect that there were three more activists involved .
The police are on the lookout for them .
On how Mane managed to sneak in with a blade , a police official said , “ If a heavy metal is being carried through a metal detector , there is a specific indication .
But if the metal is of low gauge , such as a coin , watch or mobile phone , the indication is of a different nature and the frisking is not very strict in those cases . ”
Meanwhile , around thirty to forty Sainiks staged a demonstration at R Mall complex in Mulund but could not do any damage as police officials reached the spot and arrested them .
Similarly , at Shreyas Cinema in Mulund and Neelyog , R City Mall and Jai Ganesh in Ghatkopar , Sainiks staged demonstrations but could do any damage due to the police bandobast at these places .
Additional commissioner of police , East Region , Ritesh Kumar told DNA earlier on Tuesday that they “ have picked up around 206 Shiv Sainiks and the process is still on .
Police staff has been posted at these places ; also , state reserve police force ( SRPF ) companies will be deployed to avoid any such attacks in future ” .
116939 Jonstewart Discovered 2004 Apr. 15 by the Catalina Sky Survey .
Jonathan Stewart ( b. 1962 ) is a nine - time Emmy - winning American comedian , satirist , actor , author and producer .
He is perhaps best known as host of the The Daily Show .
For this television program he has received two Peabody Awards .
NOTE : some special characters may not display properly ( any characters within {} are an attempt to place the proper accent above a character ) Reference : 20070601 / MPCPages.arc Last Updated : 2007-06-06
Stubs is a lightweight framework for .NET that provides test stubs .
For interfaces and non-sealed classes , type - safe wrappers are generated that can be easily customized by attaching delegates .
Stubs are part of Moles , and work well together with Pex .
Stubs is a lightweight framework for test stubs in .NET that is entirely based on delegates .
Stubs may be used on interfaces , abstract classes or non-sealed classes .
Stubs was designed provide a minimal overhead to the Pex white box analysis , and Stubs supports the Code Contracts runtime rewriter and encourage the programmatic models rather than record / replay tests .
Download Stubs !
It ’s part of the Moles framework .
Seven - year - old Kieron Williamson got a book for Christmas on how to draw horses .
Nice , particularly since Kieron has already earned at least $ 53,000 selling his paintings to collectors , including a Toronto businessman .
" Horses are very difficult , " he tells The Star on a break from kicking a soccer ball around the house .
" People always get the legs and heads wrong . "
Williamson , whose last exhibit in December set a record by selling 16 watercolours in 14 minutes for $ 29,000 , is " red - hot " in the art world now , lavished with praise for his command of colours and form , compared to Picasso and Monet .
He 's been painting for 18 months , since he was 6 .
" He is red hot , " says Adrian Hill , owner of the Picturecraft Gallery in Holt , Norfolk , where Kieron 's paintings sold out at 9:15 a.m. on the day of the opening .
A Toronto businessman based in Japan bought a snow scene with a phone bid .
" I believe the last child artist in this bracket was Picasso .
And Kieron is getting better and better and better :
The pace at which he learns is quite amazing . "
Kieron himself lumps that book on horses in with his other Christmas presents : a tabletop soccer game , a crystal - growing kit and some additions to his Bart Simpson collection of duvet , mug , books and pyjamas .
Christmas was , he says , " really good . "
He took a brief holiday break from painting but his next two works are already in his head and he describes them with finesse and clarity .
" One , I 've already drawn out .
It 's a scene in Norfolk with lots of boats .
There 's one in the foreground with a big mast on it , a church in the distance and some geese .
The second is a street scene in Rome .
There 's eight or nine horses in the middle , actually more to the right .
There a person , a swimming pool and on the right - hand side you 've got Venice - type building .
On the left , you can see a couple of buildings .
In the centre , or more to the left , is a type of pylon . "
Has he ever been to Rome ?
" No , I got a picture off the Internet . "
In fact , in his brief seven years , he 's been mostly in Norfolk , on England 's east coast , and once in Devon and Cornwall in the west where on a May , 2008 , holiday his parents first handed him a pen and paper .
He produced not a fridge - worthy scrawl but a credible work of art .
Keith and Michelle Williamson , a former electrician and a nutritional therapist with no artistic ability between them , are still stunned .
" We 're way beyond our comfort zone , " Michelle says .
" I do n't think we 'll ever get used to it . "
She 's had to defend the family in an online art forum from accusations the couple are exploiting their son .
" I was surprised at the negativity .
This is his own level of commitment and determination .
" He 's a worrier like me .
He worries about people 's opinions of him .
This is an emotional release , " says Michelle , 36 .
Then in the same breath : " When he 's painting , nothing fazes him .
if he does n't like something , he 'll paint over it and start again . "
At first , she and Keith thought it was a phase .
" He was passionate about trains when he was little and that passed .
Then it was dinosaurs and that passed .
This artwork thing he 's stuck at for 18 months .
He asks questions Keith and I would n't have a clue about , the difference between watercolour , oil and pastel technique .
We put him in touch with artists who can answer his questions . "
Other than that and a six - month local workshop in 2009 , Kierson has taught himself shading , depth , proportion and colouring in three media .
Once school resumes next Tuesday , he 'll revert to his old painting hours : " I paint in the morning until half past eight and from half past three in the afternoon .
Four or five hours a day . "
There 's still time , though , for sports and computer games and tabletop football .
None of his art hangs in the Williamsons ' house .
" We 've had to sell most of them because of the public interest .
The radiators have oil paintings on them and there are pastels propped up on those .
The house really is more like a workshop , " says Michelle .
Clutter is n't the only sign of creeping international celebrity .
The Saatchi Gallery in London asked the lad to do them a watercolour for the Starlight Children 's Foundation charity auction in September , alongside contributions by designer Vivienne Westwood and shoe guru Jimmy Choo .
His star - shaped canvas fetched $ 25,000 and limited edition prints themselves commanded $ 3,000 apiece .
Even his 5 - year - old sister Billie - Jo , got her own pink sparkly drawing in the Saatchi schookids ' artwork auction .
A watercolour sent to the Queen elicited a letter of thanks from a lady - in - waiting with descriptions of the royal collection of Norfolk landscape painter Edward Seago , Kieron 's hero .
" We never saw this coming . " says Michelle .
" It 's our job to see he 's happy and balanced . "
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Surely there was some hint of all this before that fateful Cornwall holiday ?
" He was a very active toddler , " says Michelle , and his only affinity with the landscape was as an opportunity to wade through mud puddles .
Then she pauses , and remembers .
" At a very early age , he told us he would be world famous at something — Formula 1 racing , profootball , something .
Kieron amazes us on a daily basis with his self - motivation .
He gets up at six o'clock and we hear the chinking of the jam jar and we know he 's painting . "
The farce of the climate summit in Copenhagen affirmed a world war waged by the rich against most of humanity .
It also illuminated a resistance growing perhaps as never before : an internationalism linking justice for the planet with universal human rights , and criminal justice for those who invade and dispossess with impunity .
And the best news comes from Palestine .
The Palestinians ' resistance to the theft of their country reached a critical moment in 2001 when a UN conference on racism in Durban , South Africa , identified Israel as an apartheid state .
To Nelson Mandela , justice for the Palestinians is " the greatest moral issue of the age " .
The Palestinian civil society call for boycott , disinvestment and sanctions ( BDS ) was issued on 9 July 2005 , in effect reconvening the great , non-violent movement that swept the world and brought the scaffolding of African apartheid crashing down .
“ Through decades of occupation and dispossession , " wrote Mustafa Barghouti , a wise voice of Palestinian politics , " 90 per cent of the Palestinian struggle has been non-violent . . .
A new generation of Palestinian leaders [ now speaks ] to the world precisely as Martin Luther King did .
The same world that rejects all use of Palestinian violence , even clear self - defence , surely ought not begrudge us the non-violence employed by men such as King and Gandhi . "
No more a taboo
In the United States and Europe , trade unions , mainstream churches and academic associations have brought back the strategies that were used against apartheid South Africa .
In a resolution adopted by 431 votes to 62 , the US Presbyterian Church voted for a process of " phased , selective disinvestment " in multinational corporations doing business with Israel .
This followed the opinion of the International Court of Justice that Israel 's wall and its " settler " colonies were illegal .
A similar declaration by the court in 1971 , denouncing South Africa 's occupation of Namibia , ignited the international boycott .
Like the South Africa campaign , the issue of law is central .
No state is allowed to flout international law as wilfully as Israel .
In 1990 , a UN Security Council resolution demanding that Saddam Hussein get out of Kuwait was the same , almost word for word , as the one demanding that Israel get out of the West Bank .
Iraq was driven out while Israel has been repeatedly rewarded .
On 11 December , Barack Obama announced $ 2.8bn in " aid " for Israel , part of the $ 30bn US taxpayers will gift from their stricken economy during this decade .
The hypocrisy is now well understood in the US .
A " Stolen Beauty " campaign pursues Ahava cosmetics , which are made in illegal West Bank " settlements " ; last autumn it forced the firm to drop its " ambassador " Kristin Davis , a star of Sex and the City .
In Britain , Sainsbury 's and Tesco are under pressure to identify " settlement " products , whose sale contravenes human rights provisions in the European Union 's trade agreement with Israel .
In Australia , a consortium led by Veolia lost its bid for a billion - dollar desalination plant following a campaign highlighting a plan , involving the French firm , to build a light rail connecting Jerusalem to the " settlements " .
In Norway , the government pension fund has withdrawn its investment in the Israeli hi-tech company Elbit Systems , which helped build the wall across Palestine .
This is the first official boycott by a western country .
In 2005 , Britain 's Association of University Teachers ( AUT ) voted to boycott Israeli academic institutions complicit in the oppression of Palestinians .
The AUT was forced to retreat when the Israel lobby unleashed a blizzard of character assassination and charges of anti-Semitism .
The writer and activist Omar Barghouti called this " intellectual terror " : a perversion of morality and logic that says to be against racism towards Palestinians makes one anti-Semitic .
However , the Israeli assault on Gaza on 27 December 2008 changed almost everything .
The US Campaign for an Academic and Cultural Boycott of Israel was formed , with Desmond Tutu on its advisory board .
In 2009 , Britain 's Trade Union Congress voted for a consumer boycott .
The " Israel taboo " is no more .
Crimes against humanity
Complementing this is the rapid development of international criminal law since the Pinochet case of 1998 - 99 , when the former Chilean dictator was placed under house arrest in Britain .
Israeli warmongers now face similar prosecution in countries that have " universal jurisdiction " laws .
In Britain , the Geneva Conventions Act 1957 is fortified by the UN report on Gaza by Justice Richard Goldstone , which in December obliged a London magistrate to issue a warrant for the arrest of Tzipi Livni , the former Israeli foreign minister wanted for crimes against humanity .
And in September , only contrived diplomatic immunity rescued Ehud Barak , Israel 's defence minister during the assault on Gaza , from arrest by Scotland Yard .
Just over a year ago , 1,400 defenceless people in Gaza were murdered by the Israelis .
On 29 December , Mohamed Jassier became the 367th Gazan to die because even those needing life - saving medical treatment are not allowed free passage out .
Keep that in mind when you next watch the BBC " balance " such suffering with the weasel protestations of the oppressors .
There is a clear momentum now .
To mark the first anniversary of the Gaza atrocity , a humanitarian procession from 42 countries - Muslims , Jews , Christians , atheists , old and young , trade unionists , writers , artists , musicians and those leading convoys of food and medicine - converged on Egypt .
And even though the US - bribed dictatorship in Cairo prevented most from proceeding to Gaza , the people in that open prison knew they were not alone , and children climbed on walls and raised the Palestinian flag .
And this is just a beginning .
Follow the New Statesman team on Twitter
A star appears over San Francisco and a new gizmo is born .
The iPad !
At first glance it resembles an iPhone in unhandy , non-pocket - sized form .
But look a little longer , and . .
Nope .
You were right first time .
Not that that 's necessarily a bad thing .
Apple excels at taking existing concepts – computers , MP3 players , conceit – and carefully streamlining them into glistening ergonomic chunks of concentrated aspiration .
It took the laptop and the coffee table book and created the MacBook .
Now it 's taken the MacBook and the iPhone and distilled them into a single device that answers a rhetorical question you were n't really asking .
It 's an iPhone for people who can't be arsed holding an iPhone up to their face .
A slightly - further - away iPhone that keeps your lap warm .
A weird combination of portable and cumbersome : too small to replace your desktop , too big to fit in your pocket , unless you 're a clown .
It can play video , but really – do you want to spend hours staring at a movie in your lap ?
Sit through Lord of the Rings and you 'd need an osteopath to punch the crick out of your neck afterwards .
It can also be used as an ebook , something newspapers are understandably keen to play up , but because it 's got an illuminated display rather than a fancy non-backlight " digital ink " ebook screen , it 'll probably leave your eyes feeling strained , as though your pupils are wearing tight shoes .
The iPad falls between two stools – not quite a laptop , not quite a smartphone .
In other words , it 's the spork of the electronic consumer goods world .
Or rather it would be , were it not for one crucial factor : it looks ideal for idly browsing the web while watching telly .
And I suspect that 's what it 'll largely be used for .
Millions of people watch TV while checking their emails : it 's a perfect match for them .
Absurdly , Apple keeps trying to pretend it 'll make your life more efficient .
Come off it .
It 's an oblong that lights up .
I 'm sick of being pitched to like I 'm a one - man corporation undertaking a personal productivity audit anyway .
I do n't want to hear how the iPad is going to make my life simpler .
I want to hear how it 'll amuse and distract me ; how it plans to anaesthetise me into a numb , trancelike state .
Call it the iDawdler and aggressively market it as the world 's first utterly dedicated timewasting device : an electronic sedative to rival diazepam , alcohol or television .
If Apple can convince us of that , it 's got itself a hit .
Some people are complaining because it does n't have a camera in it .
Spoiled techno - babies , all of them .
Just because something is technically possible , it does n't mean it has to be done .
It 's technically possible to build an egg whisk that makes phonecalls , an MP3 player that dispenses capers or a car with a bread windscreen .
Humankind will continue to prosper in their absence .
Not everything needs a 15 - megapixel lens stuck on the back , like a little glass anus .
Give these ingrates a camera and they'd whine that it did n't have a second camera built into it .
What are you taking photographs of anyway ?
Your camera collection ?
And do n't bring up videocalls to defend yourself : it'd be creepy talking to a disembodied two - dimensional head being held at arm 's length , and besides , the iPad is too heavy to hold in front of your face for long , so you 'd end up balancing it in your lap , which means both callers would find themselves staring up one another 's others nostrils , like a pair of curious dental patients .
( Videocalls are overrated anyway .
You just sit there staring at each other with nothing to say .
It 's like a prison visit : eventually one of you has to start masturbating just to break the tension . )
Personally , I 'm not sure whether I 'll buy an iPad , although I think – I think – I 'm about to buy a MacBook .
Yes , I was a dyed - in - the - wool Mac sceptic for years .
Yes , I 've written screeds bemoaning the infuriating breed of smug Apple monks who treat all PC owners with condescending pity .
But being chained to a Sony Vaio for the last few weeks has convinced me that I 'd rather use a laptop that just works , rather than one that 's so ponderous , stuttering and irritating I find myself perpetually on the verge of running outside and hurling it into traffic .
( That 's a moan about Sony laptops , not PCs in general , by the way .
I 'm keeping my desktop PC , thanks : that 's lovely .
Smooth as butter .
Better than I deserve , in fact . )
I just hope buying a MacBook wo n't turn me into an iPrick .
I want a machine that essentially makes itself invisible , not a rectangular bragging stone .
If , 10 minutes after buying it , I start burbling on about how it 's left me more fulfilled as a human being , or find myself perched at a tiny Starbucks table stroking its glowing Apple with one hand while demonstratively tapping away with the other in the hope that passersby will assume I 'm working on a screenplay , it 's going straight in the bin .
The iBin. Complete with built - in camera .
$ 599.99 .
• This article was amended on 1 February 2010 .
The original said that Apple distilled the iBook and the iPhone into a single device .
The iBook reference has been corrected .
Dagestan : Russia ’s Most Overlooked Hot Spot
On Feb. 8 , Russian President Dmitry Medvedev selected a new president for the troubled North Caucasus republic of Dagestan .
The lead - up to the selection was marked by an uptick in violence , and the political controversy surrounding the choice is likely to lead to even further instability .
When the international media reports on the instability in Russia ’s North Caucasus at all , reporters tend to focus on the violent chaos in Ingushetia and the repressive governance in Chechnya .
But it is recent trends in Dagestan — Russia ’s most ethnically diverse province — that most threaten to further inflame this volatile region .
Medvedev ’s selection of Magomedsalam M. Magomedov , a vocal critic of Dagestan ’s current government , is seen by many as an admission that the region ’s problems are spiraling out of control .
And this month ’s events might finally put this volatile flashpoint on the world ’s agenda .
Historically , violence in Dagestan has stemmed from ongoing conflicts between its major ethnic groups — the Avars , Dargins , Kumyks , Lezgins , and Laks — over political power , resources , and jobs .
More recently , Islamist militant groups , such as Shariat Jamaat , have forged close ties with Chechen separatists to launch terrorist attacks against the government in an effort to unite Muslims across the North Caucasus .
Islamist militants have also taken advantage of Dagestan ’s high unemployment rate and staggering corruption ( even by Russian standards ) to actively recruit youth in the republic .
In late 2009 , Islamist militants and criminal gangs , often described in the media as neizvestniye , or " unknown [ assailants ] , " frequently attacked government officials , religious leaders , and police , as well as the republic ’s energy and transportation infrastructure .
Electricity blackouts sparked protests in the capital city of Makhachkala , and residents in the town of Derbent witnessed mayoral elections so corrupt that officials overturned the results ( a rarity in Putin - era Russia ) .
Due to changes in the provincial electoral process , Dagestan ’s People ’s Assembly must now rubber - stamp the choice made by Medvedev and officials from his United Russia party .
Despite the lack of direct elections , the political process in Dagestan has been overtly contentious and punctuated by political violence , a lack of confidence in Moscow , and a transparently corrupt electoral process at the local level , as evidenced by a judge ’s decision to nullify October ’s mayoral election results in Derbent .
The murder of Interior Minister Adilgerei Magomedtagirov last year exemplifies how political figures have recently become targets of violence .
Observers viewed Magomedtagirov as a potential challenger to the rule of incumbent President Mukhu Aliyev , who has governed Dagestan since 2006 .
On June 5 , snipers shot and killed him as he stepped outside during a wedding in Makhachkala , and authorities still have not apprehended any suspects .
In the run-up to the presidential selection , attacks and threats against political figures and institutions continued .
On Jan. 13 and 14 , authorities shut down central Makhachkala due to a threat of a terrorist attack against several prominent locations , including the presidential administration building and Dagestan ’s Supreme Court .
Two weeks later , unknown assailants shot at the motorcade of Nikolai Al chiyev , deputy chairman of Dagestan ’s People ’s Assembly .
Adding to the threat of political violence , there is also an unusually low level of confidence in Russian leaders , and particularly United Russia ’s selection of election candidates .
On Nov. 26 , Dagestan ‘s legislature passed a motion asking Medvedev to hold further " consultations " about the most suitable candidate .
The motion was an unusual public riposte against United Russia ’s regional governance .
Some politicians ’ open dissatisfaction with the process led to a rumor that Dagestan ’s branch of United Russia planned a mass exodus from the party , but regional representatives have since denied all rumors of a potential split .
Meanwhile , Dagestan is experiencing a spate of attacks targeted at police officials , local administrators , and religious leaders .
" Gangs " or unidentified individuals attacked police , security force members , or government officials 18 times — leaving 11 dead and 11 wounded — from mid-October through mid-December 2009 , based on data compiled through the Emerging Threats Project at Georgetown University ’s Imaging Science and Information Systems Center .
While Ingushetia and Chechnya have also had their share of political violence , attacks against religious leaders are unique to Dagestan .
For instance , on Nov. 2 unknown assailants shot and killed an imam based at a mosque in Bavtugai .
A few weeks later , unidentified attackers shot and wounded a village imam in Staroye Miatli .
Worrisome as these attacks are , the disruption of transportation and energy networks may be the greater threat to stability .
During the same two - month span , " gangs " and unknown assailants detonated bombs along rail lines on four occasions , and police disrupted two attempts to bury roadside bombs .
Russia ’s rail network , as shown by the more deadly and well - known bombing of the Moscow - St. Petersburg railway line in November , is particularly vulnerable , and on each occasion the attacks disrupt rail service through the region .
Russia ’s vital natural gas pipelines are equally vulnerable .
On Nov. 11 , police accused " gangs " of detonating a bomb along the Mozdok - Gazimagomed natural gas pipeline .
The explosion disrupted service along the pipeline for 560 kilometers and cut service to Makhachkala .
The service disruption is particularly troubling in the capital because of ongoing problems with electricity .
Even before the bombing , there were multiple blackouts in the capital during the past six months due to poor infrastructure and a lack of financing , prompting street protests .
Although political violence and corrupt elections may not outrage Dagestan ’s jaded populace , poor infrastructure and public services appear to be enough to upset and galvanize citizens .
By all accounts , 2010 will be a difficult year for Dagestan , and its upcoming presidential " selection " is poised to exacerbate already simmering tensions caused by opaque political procedures , corrupt election practices , rampant violence , and vulnerable infrastructure .
Since the beginning of the year , there have already been several high - profile attacks .
On Jan. 6 , Islamist militants used a car bomb to attack a highway police post in Makhachkala that killed six officers ; seven days later , unidentified assailants detonated a bomb along the Mozdok - Gazimagomed pipeline once again .
Russian officials can take a first step toward improving Dagestan ’s pervasive violence by approaching and describing violence in more exact and realistic terms .
Russia does not face a threat from terrorists trained by Georgian special forces , as Russia ‘ s Federal Security Service recently claimed , or by members of nondescript " gangs " or " illegally armed formations . "
Contemporary scapegoats and vague descriptions disguise the full extent of Islamist militant activities occurring in Dagestan and the rest of Russia ’s North Caucasus .
Russian officials and , by extension , the Russian media do themselves no favors by relying on contemporary scapegoats or vague classifications to describe attackers .
In Russia ’s most ethnically diverse region , the conflicts are deep , complex , and increasingly connected to Islamist militants , and it would be beneficial if Russian authorities and the press recognized it as such .
That regional Federal Reserve Bank keeps a record that identifies the purchasing bank .
And the purchaser knows how it disposed of the bills .
When they are found all together , it means that the bank that bought the bills did not feed them out from the teller window or the cash machine , but delivered them to a single customer .
And the bank knows who that customer was .
Between , say , Philadelphia and Iraq , there is no doubt a chain , perhaps involving banks in the Cayman or Channel Islands , in Abu Dhabi or Dubai .
Still , each bank in the chain can give the name of the customer to which it gave these bills .
Although Saddam Hussein 's government had many sanctions against it , it may well be that no laws were broken in the passage of the Federal Reserve notes from the mint to Tikrit .
But it would be interesting to know which banks were collaborators in getting that cash to the tyrant of Iraq .
Unfortunately , the search for these witting or unwitting collaborators cannot even get started , because the Federal Reserve Board will not permit regional banks to reveal the identity of the purchasers of large blocks of United States currency .
There is no law that prohibits such disclosure ; it 's simply a Fed policy .
Yet in this age of payroll services and electronic payments , there are few legitimate uses outside the banking system for very large orders of hundred - dollar bills .
The Fed has always resisted placing American banks under obligation to reveal skulduggery , whether it involves drug smuggling , commercial fraud , terrorism or other international conspiracy .
Banks are not , the Fed insists , law enforcement agencies .
It may be that the F.B.I. has access to the Fed 's records -- a spokesman for the Fed , after checking with the main office , would not say yea or nay -- but it is not clear that the F.B.I. has authority to continue such searches beyond American borders .
The Boeing Co. late last week issued 1,000 layoff notices to employees , many of them working in IT .
The company sent 60 - day layoff notices to the workers , who are at risk of being laid off on April 23 .
Of those notices , about 800 went to employees of Boeing 's engineering , operations and technology unit ; most of the people in that unit are in IT , according to Tim Healy , a company spokesman .
The aerospace company employs 158,500 people , including 18,000 in its engineering and technology group .
Healy said that between now and the layoff date , retirements and other forms of attrition could eliminate the need for some of the cuts , " although it 's impossible to predict how often that could happen or how many employees will actually leave the company , " he said .
This layoff plan is a continuation of the company 's efforts to cut 10,000 jobs .
Boeing outsources some of its software development to third parties in India , but it 's unclear whether that played a role in the layoffs announced last week .
Boeing has outsourced work to a number of Indian IT vendors in recent years .
Last March , Boeing announced the opening of the Boeing Research & Technology –India Center in Bengaluru , India .
The company said that operation is its third advanced research center outside the U.S .
Boeing late last month said that its revenue for 2009 hit a record $ 68.3 billion , up from $ 60.9 billion in 2008 , and attributed the performance to higher commercial deliveries and growth in the defense , space and security areas .
Patrick Thibodeau covers SaaS and enterprise applications , outsourcing , government IT policies , data centers and IT workforce issues for Computerworld .
Follow Patrick on Twitter at @DCgov or subscribe to Patrick 's RSS feed .
His e-mail address is pthibodeau@computerworld.com .
A musician wakes from a terrible nightmare .
In his dream he finds himself in a society where music education has been made mandatory …
Since musicians are known to set down their ideas in the form of sheet music , these curious black dots and lines must constitute the “ language of music ” .
It is imperative that students become fluent in this language if they are to attain any degree of musical competence ; indeed it would be ludicrous to expect a child to sing a song or play an instrument without having a thorough grounding in music notation and theory .
Playing and listening to music …are considered very advanced topics and generally put off till college , and more often graduate school .
As for the primary and secondary schools , their mission is to train students to use this language — to jiggle symbols around according to a fixed set of rules : “ Music class is where we take out our staff paper , our teacher puts some notes on the board , and we copy them or transpose them into a different key …
One time we had a chromatic scale problem and I did it right , but the teacher gave me no credit because I had the stems pointing the wrong way . ”
…
Sadly , our present system of mathematics education is precisely this sort of nightmare .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
LATE ON A BALMY Saturday night last June , six Fort Worth cops and two officers from the Texas Alcoholic Beverage Commission went looking for trouble .
They had just raided two Hispanic bars in an industrial stretch of town and nine detainees now sat in the paddy wagon ( pdf ) , hands bound with plastic ties .
The rest of the city ’s bars would soon shut down .
It seemed like the night was over , except for the paperwork .
Then Sergeant Richard Morris had an idea .
“ Hey , ” he said .
“ Let ’s go to the Rainbow Lounge . ”
A half - dozen police cruisers , an unmarked sedan , and the prisoner van slid to a stop in front of the Rainbow Lounge , Fort Worth ’s newest gay club , at about 1:30 a.m. on June 28 , 2009 — 40 years , almost down to the minute , after New York City police raided the Stonewall Inn with billy clubs and bullhorns .
Inside the bar , the officers fanned out , grabbing and arresting six patrons for public intoxication .
Benjamin Guttery , a 24 - year - old Army vet , says an officer told him to put down his drink , then “ bulldozed ” him through the crowd to the paddy wagon but then let him go .
“ I ’m 6 ’ 8 ″ , 250 pounds , and I had just finished my second drink , ” Guttery told a local reporter .
“ I might have had enough to have a loose tongue , but not a loose walk or anything like that . ”
Another man alleges that he was slammed against a wall , elbowed , and fell on the ground , landing him in intensive care for a week with bleeding in his brain .
He was charged with public intoxication and assault .
They say everything ’s bigger in Texas , and that includes absurdity in law enforcement .
Most states and towns have public intoxication laws that allow peace officers to pick up the drunk and disorderly .
But in the Lone Star State , the nation ’s broadest PI law lets cops go virtually anywhere and arrest anyone for drunkenness — even if they ’re quietly nursing a beer in a bar .
Arrested for drinking in a bar ?
Sounds like the ultimate catch - 22 .
Since 2006 , when Texas overtook California as the state with the most drunk - driving fatalities , cops and a beefed - up task force from the state Alcoholic Beverage Commission have used a 1993 law as a pretext to enter any bar and arrest its patrons on the spot .
The public intoxication standard , backed by the Texas - based Mothers Against Drunk Driving , is so broad that you can be arrested on just a police officer ’s hunch , without being given a Breathalyzer or field sobriety test .
State courts have not only upheld the practice but expanded the definition of public intoxication to cover pretty much any situation , says Robert Guest , a criminal defense attorney in Dallas .
“ Having no standard allows the police to arrest whoever pisses them off and call it PI , ” he says , adding , “ If you have a violent , homophobic , or just an asshole of a cop and you give him the arbitrary power to arrest anyone for PI , you can expect violent , homophobic , and asshole - ic behavior . ”
For some officers , PI has provided a ready - made reason for detaining minorities .
A Houston defense attorney , who asks to be unnamed since he specializes in misdemeanors such as PI , puts it this way : “ If you ’re brown and you ’re around — you ’re going down . ”
Nick Novello , a 27 - year veteran of the Dallas Police Department , blew the whistle on three colleagues who he claims filled their arrest quotas by picking up people , mostly minorities , for PI .
“ They were illegally arrested , ” Novello says .
“ It ’s an absolute perversion . ” ( Two were removed from the force . )
According to a recent report by sociology and law professors at the University of California - Berkeley , the Dallas suburb of Irving has used “ discretionary ” public intoxication arrests to fish for undocumented immigrants .
After partnering with federal immigration officials in 2006 to check local prisoners ’ residency status , Irving police increased the number of Latinos they nicked for PI and other Class C misdemeanors by 150 percent , while arrests of whites and African Americans for those offenses fell .
The Mexican consul issued an advisory telling migrants to avoid Irving .
“ In this city , one has to be extra careful , ” he told a Spanish - language newspaper .
“ They were clearly choosing to bring more Hispanics into jail , ” says Aarti Kohli , coauthor of the Berkeley study .
But the feds and local officials hailed the PI sweeps as a victory .
Immigration “ is expanding this program , saying , ‘ Is n’t this great ? ' ” Kohli says .
“ But the question they ’re not asking is : How are these people getting put into jail ? ”
After community activists took to the streets and airwaves , Irving ’s arrest rate for Hispanics plummeted .
( Dallas and Irving are no longer part of the federal program . )
In Fort Worth , protests over the Rainbow Lounge raid elicited a quick apology from the police chief and promises to review the PI policy .
But the arrests have continued elsewhere , and no one is targeting the public intoxication law itself .
Many people do n’t care , Novello says , “ because they ca n’t vicariously experience this injustice . ”
The Houston attorney puts it more bluntly .
“ As long as police are going out there fucking with the blacks and the Mexicans , until it hits the people with the power , they wo n’t care . ”
Adam Weinstein is Mother Jones ‘ new copy editor .
Before coming to Mother Jones , he worked at the Wall Street Journal , the Village Voice and the Tallahassee Democrat .
His writing has also appeared in the New York Times and on Newsweek.com .
A Navy veteran , two - day Jeopardy champion and seasoned ne ’er - do - well , he ’s currently at work on a book about his recession - fueled stint as a military contractor in Iraq .
Welcome , Adam !
Historically , Russia reforms after a shock .
In 1861 , serfs were freed after it lost the Crimean war .
A century ago defeat in the Russo - Japanese war caused mass unrest and led temporarily to a limited constitutional monarchy .
After the Soviet collapse in 1991 , Russia accepted nearly all borders of the new independent states and began market reforms .
In 1998 following the Asian financial crisis Russia floated the ruble and established a low , flat personal income tax .
The world economic crisis may offer impetus for new reform .
Russia was hit very hard and is recovering slowly .
It is too dependent on exports of energy , with volatile prices .
Innovation and education are weakened and demographic and health problems are a time bomb .
Russia also faces notable political dilemmas .
Regional elections last October were a farce and have spurred unusual outrage .
Kremlin - centered corruption is worsening .
Last month over ten thousand anti-government protesters jammed streets in Kaliningrad .
Journalists and human rights activists are regularly murdered .
Terrorism and separatist pressures in the North Caucasus are growing .
Moscow backs a vicious ruler in Chechnya , and Russia continues to intimidate neighbors .
Recently prime minister and former president Vladimir Putin inveighed against Ukrainian - style competitive elections .
In contrast to the 2004 election , however , he did not intervene openly in favor of a specific candidate .
Apparently undaunted , President Medvedev is openly calling for bold political and economic reforms and “ modernization , ” but supporters of reform cannot match Putin ’s cohort , which controls most large state industries and the security sector .
Moreover , Medvedev has just authorized a new , disquieting military doctrine .
It singles out NATO as the prime foreign threat , and a secret codicil may lay out a more aggressive approach to nuclear deterrence .
Still , there are hopeful signs .
Russia has ratified a key protocol of the European Court of Human Rights even though it often rules against the Kremlin .
A huge energy joint venture with BP is moving ahead again .
The new doctrine notwithstanding , some military reforms are finally taking place and Russia is negotiating a new strategic arms treaty with the U.S.
The medieval and stifling Russian practice of “ propiskas , ” or passes , may soon be junked , allowing change of residence and employment .
If Russian history is a guide , some reforms will come but how will they fare ?
The early post -Soviet experience may be instructive .
Elite resistance and popular anger from corrupt privatization and steep price increases caused Yeltsin to halt reforms .
The death in December of Yegor Gaidar , economics guru to 1990s - era president Boris Yeltsin , is a reminder that incomplete reforms still jeopardize Russia ’s future .
One lesson is that new reforms will fail without a wide consensus .
Another is that the West should back reform but play no personal favorites , as it did with Yeltsin .
For reform to succeed this time , two tasks stand out .
First , there must be open examination and public debate of current conditions and past reforms and missteps .
If past reforms are seen negatively by large swaths of the population , a consensus for new ones will not be built .
Treatment of foreign investors is one field in which debate about reform will be more important .
Recently , Medvedev admitted that Russia has an “ unfavorable ” business climate .
Perhaps he had partly in mind the postponement earlier this month of the monstrous Shtokman gas project , involving Gasprom as the majority owner , and France ’s Total and Norway ’s Statoil .
While demand factors played a role in the postponement , Russia must give private investors a bigger and more reliable stake if it hopes to reverse a long - term decline in energy production .
Second , Russia requires more breathing space to pursue reform .
It needs to change fundamentally its reliance on force in the North Caucasus and on coercion of neighbors .
The 2008 invasion of Georgia sparked capital flight and provoked the West .
Russia should reinvigorate pursuit of WTO membership and shy away from military steps , such as buying Mistral - class amphibious assault ships , which are sure to make neighbors and many Westerners wary .
The pendulum of history may or may not swing back toward reform .
Europe and the U.S. should not hesitate , however , in substantially elevating support for it .
Because of its deep economic ties to Europe , Russia needs a much closer and comprehensive European partnership , including harmonization to EU legislation and standards .
The International Monetary Fund and the U.S. helped anchor the early post -Soviet reforms , and the EU is now well placed to assist .
Russia is unique because of its scale , great power status , and natural resources bounty .
Ties to Europe should reflect this .
A new EU - Russia Council ought to be created at the level of heads of state and government , with a permanent secretariat .
The symbolism is important and the Council could have a wide mandate .
For example , Russia may someday seek EU cooperation on reconstruction and reconciliation in the North Caucasus .
At the same time the U.S. and Europe need to be firm with Russia to discourage it from making mistakes , akin to the Georgian war , which are likely to undermine efforts to build a consensus for reform .
Renewed Russian reform can make the most important contribution to peace and stability in Europe .
Denis Corboy is director of the Caucasus Policy Institute at Kings College London and was European Commission ambassador to Georgia and Armenia .
William Courtney was Senior Director of the U.S. National Security Council staff for Russia , Ukraine , and Eurasia , and U.S. Ambassador to Kazakhstan and Georgia .
Kenneth Yalowitz is director of the Dickey Center for International Understanding at Dartmouth College and was U.S. ambassador to Belarus and Georgia and Economics Minister at the US embassy in Moscow .
I received a circular mail from the Australian National Anarchism activist Welf Herfurth a couple of days ago .
Essentially , he was making an appeal for funds for Andrew Yeoman ’s outfit in the Bay Area .
The basis of the appeal was that Andrew ’s prodigious energy has been richly rewarded .
But welcome as it is , success and political advancement needs to be funded :
Since he started to get active , Andy ’s Bay Area National Anarchists group grew from a few people to the biggest alternative metapolitical group in San Francisco .
Here are some of their major achievements in the past few years :
* 44,000 + website hits ( http://www.bayareanationalanarchists.com/blog/)
* 22,000 + YouTube video views ( http://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=bay+area+national+anarchists&search_type=&aq=0&oq=Bay+area+national+)
* Regularly hosted meetings and recurring events ( Monthly Meetings , White Cross Patrols , Folsom Street Fair Protest )
* Speaking events including Emeryville , Orange County , and Sydney Australia
* A large increase in support from groups across the nation and abroad
* Hosting foreign visitors for events and speeches
* The first unofficial BANA housing collective
* Media coverage by a local newspaper and the SPLC
* Flyering runs in Berkeley , San Francisco , and Petaluma
* A continuous presence at street protests
* The formation of sister networks in Sacramento , Santa Cruz , Inland Empire , and Orange County
* Our first online radio interview
* 22 videos produced and 3 more in production
* At least 4 blog posts a month
* A business plan
* An active Facebook presence
* PayPal subscribers ( currently numbering at 5 )
* A custom graphic banner on the website made by allies in the UK
* A private mail box
I think you agree with me that this is a very impressive list of achievements .
Our ‘ friends ’ from the SPLC wrote a very interesting article about the BANA that you can find here :
http://www.splcenter.org/intel/intelreport/article.jsp?aid=1058
And Spencer Sunshine wrote this for the Public Eye website :
http://www.publiceye.org/magazine/v23n4/rebranding_fascism.html
Last , but not least , here is an interview with Andy with the well respected and valued ‘ The Occidental Quarterly ’ :
http://www.toqonline.com/2009/08/interview-with-andrew-yeoman-part-i/
So you can see that he is not only promising political activism , but also he is delivering it too .
The BANA are a group of dedicated and committed people .
I know for sure that Andy not only spends every spare minute in organising events , making videos , networking with likeminded people , etc , but he also puts thousands of dollars of his own money into the cause ...
A Canadian man was arrested at Sky Harbor International Airport after going into what seemed to be a drunken rage that left a Phoenix police officer with a broken ankle and Youtube viewers howling as the man -- while wearing a Castrol motor oil T - shirt ( classy ) -- tried to fight a woman .
The fracas began unexpectedly on February 15 about 9 p.m. , when the Canadian , Stephen Walter Tait , 49 , became angry while waiting at the airport 's A4 gate .
According to Phoenix police ,
Tait assaulted a male victim for no apparent reason and then went into an F - bomb filled tirade that was dutifully captured by a witness and posted on Youtube .
So much for Canadians being polite .
As you can see on the Youtube video , the man asks airport staff to " Taser " him and when the say they did n't have Tasers , he yells , " Why ?
' Cause we 're not in Canada ? "
A woman watching the altercation suggests to the man that he " [ go ] back to fucking Canada . "
That 's aboot the time the shit hit the fan .
Tait then pointed his finger in the tiny woman 's face , backing her into a corner saying , " You 're next . "
Continuing his Canuckian fit ,
Tait then invited the woman to " bring it fucking on . "
" It " was then brought " fucking on , " but not by the foul - mouthed woman , rather the Phoenix Police Department .
Still begging to be " Tasered " -- and at this point killed , too -- Tait was taken to the ground by a Phoenix Police Officer .
While on the ground being handcuffed , begging to be " Tasered , " Tait calls the officer a " macho man , " as his face was being introduced to the airport carpet by the officer .
A few F - bombs later , Tait was in custody but not before causing the arresting officer to break his own ankle during the scuffle .
The arresting officer says
Tait was probably drunk at the time of the incident , but the Phoenix Police Department could n't confirm that to be the case .
Tait , as you probably already guessed , was arrested .
He was booked into the Fourth Avenue Jail on assault , disorderly conduct , and resisting arrest charges .
He has since been released ( just in time to watch the Canadian hockey team get beat down by the American squad in Vancouver last night .
Can anyone say Oooo Ca - na - da ! ) .
BUENOS AIRES , Argentina —
There were rose petals and rice on the ground in front of the civil registry in Buenos Aires .
But in the end they were n't for Alex Freyre and Jose Maria Di Bello , the gay couple hoping to achieve Latin America 's first same - sex marriage .
On the eve of their wedding day last week , a national judge overturned a city court decision to issue them a marriage license .
The couple came to the registry anyway , vowing not to leave until they were wed .
Protesters quietly mingled among the crowd of supporters .
Roxanna Olivera , 33 , wore a tie - dye rainbow shirt that said , " Jesus is Your Alternative . "
" What will we tell our children , " she said watching the gay rights supporters waving flags and chanting for Alex and Jose .
" There 's a law of God we need to follow . "
Tim Thomas , host of the gay radio program " Tal Como Somos , " politely interrupted Olivera .
" It 's not just about children .
We do n't have the same rights that you do .
It 's a question of civil rights . "
The issue of gay marriage is being discussed all over Argentina lately with the prospective wedding of Freyre and Di Bello .
So how is it that Argentina — a country that strongly identifies with the Catholic Church and machismo culture — continues to lead Latin America in the push for gay rights ?
" We historically come from European countries here , " Thomas said .
" There 's so many Spanish , so many Italians .
It 's a total mix of Europe and that might make Argentina more progressive than other places . "
That 's a common refrain .
Argentines , and the portenos of Buenos Aires in particular , are proud of their European roots .
Spain is one of only seven countries in the world to allow gay marriage , but Italy with strong ties to the Catholic Church does not .
The other six countries to legalize same sex marriage include European countries such as Sweden , Norway , the Netherlands and Belgium , as well as Canada and South Africa .
In 2002 , Buenos Aires legalized same - sex civil unions .
Four other Argentine cities , Mexico City and parts of Brazil soon followed .
Uruguay legalized civil unions nationwide , but Buenos Aires was still the first city in Latin America ready to take the first step .
" Buenos Aires is a gay - friendly city , " said groom - to be Di Bello , holding Freyre 's hand .
A few days before the planned wedding the couple held court with the press at the Axel Hotel , Latin America 's first luxury hotel built exclusively for gay clientele .
The hotel , along with gay wine shops , gay tango clubs , gay friendly shops and restaurants , and even hosting the Gay World Cup in 2007 have helped the city promote this reputation .
But Andrea Lopez says that reputation does n't hold true for the average Argentine .
" It 's all a show for tourists , " the 46 - year - old said while waiting with family to support DiBello and Freyre at the civil registry .
Lopez says Argentina 's gay culture is not as open as Brazil's .
Lopez 's girlfriend and most people she knows are only openly gay to a select few .
" It does n't matter if tourists are seen , but Argentines have to worry about losing their jobs . "
Yet despite the remaining stigma , there are a few cracks in traditional Argentine culture that may help in the struggle for equality .
The majority of the country — 92 percent — is nominally Roman Catholic , but only 20 percent practice , according to the CIA Factbook .
And while the cowboys of the pampas and strong - man caudillo politics in the 19th century give Argentina a reputation for machismo — a male - dominated culture intolerant of homosexuality — in practice gender and power roles are more complex .
Today , Argentina has a female president and ranks highest among Latin American countries in gender empowerment , according to the United Nations Human Development Index .
And traditional culture aside , parts of Argentine history help explain what makes the country so special when it comes to the gay rights movement .
During the military dictatorship , between 1976 and 1983 , being openly gay was an invitation for arrest or harassment .
But a strong cultural respect for human rights developed in the years following the violence .
" Those political experiences strengthened the organizations and the social movements , " said Maria Rashid , president of the Argentine Federation of Lesbians , Gays , Bisexuals and Transsexuals ( LGBT ) . "
It 's allowed us to go further in our struggles for rights .
Not only for the gay , lesbian and transsexual movement but for other movements too . "
The near - success of Freyre and Di Bello speaks to the strength of civil society in Argentina .
Freyre and Di Bello secretly planned their legal strategy for more than two years along with Rashid and other couples in the Argentine Federation of LGBT .
Each couple pursued a different legal approach through the courts as part of an orchestrated campaign to pressure the judiciary and convince lawmakers to change the civil code .
And Freyre and Di Bello have come the closest .
After being denied a marriage license , the couple sued the city of Buenos Aires for denying them their constitutional rights .
Last month a city judge ruled in their favor .
At the time , the mayor of Buenos Aires said he would n't appeal .
But after a second federal judge opposed the license , the mayor opted to wait and let the Supreme Court decide .
So instead of a wedding march last week , protest songs broke out at the civil registry .
The rose petals on the streets became covered in fliers .
And Freyre and Di Bello led a protest , bouquets in hand , to the mayor 's office .
" We 're going to continue fighting , " Rashid said visibly saddened by the mayor 's decision .
Rashid and her partner were the first couple to bring a lawsuit for marriage rights to the Supreme Court .
Her case is among seven cases in various stages of litigation .
Nobody is sure exactly which judge has jurisdiction over Freyre and Di Bello 's case , but Rashid is sure of one thing : " We 'll fight them all — each case — right through the justice system . "
Despite strong GOP showings at off - year elections , like Scott Brown 's Massachusetts victory , a new poll shows most states favor Democratic candidates .
Poll : Most states remain blue
Despite strong Republican performances in recent off - year elections , most states still favor Democratic candidates , according to a new survey by Gallup .
The compiled results of Gallup ’s year - long polling of more than 353,849 adults in all 50 states last year and the District of Columbia , found that far more states are safe havens for Democrats than for the GOP .
Advertisement
Democrats can count 24 states solidly in their column , according to Gallup , as they have more than a 10 percentage point party affiliation advantage there .
Another 10 can be counted as “ lean ” Democratic , with a 5 percentage point advantage .
Republicans , meanwhile , can only point to four “ solid ” states and only one state leaning Republican .
Gallup identified 12 states as competitive with no clear advantage for either party .
Democrats have lost some ground nationally as 49 percent of those polled said they “ lean ” Democratic , compared to 52 percent who said the same in 2008 .
The share of Republican - leaning voters , meanwhile , has only nudged up 1 percentage point , from 40 percent to 41 percent .
Only 2 states have gone from the “ solid ” or “ lean ” Democratic column to “ competitive . ”
And Republicans have not added a state to their columns .
“ Despite the modest shift toward a decreased affiliation with the Democratic Party and an increased affiliation with the Republican Party in 2009 compared to 2008 , the United States remained a Democratically oriented nation last year , ” said Gallup pollster Jeffrey Jones .
The District of Columbia remains the strongest Democratic territory , with a 66 percentage point advantage for the party .
The other nine most Democratic states are Rhode Island , Massachusetts , Maryland , Vermont , Hawaii , New York , Illinois , Connecticut and Delaware .
Each of the top 10 Democratic states had more than a 22 percentage point party affiliation advantage for the Democrats .
The 10 most Republican states are Wyoming , Utah , Alaska , Idaho , Alabama , Montana , Nebraska , Mississippi , Texas , North Dakota and Kansas .
Only Wyoming , Utah , Alaska and Idaho favor Republicans by at least double digits in party affiliation .
Posted on February 2nd , 2010
We ’ve covered proper glassware and its importance to fully enjoying beer before .
What we did n’t cover is some of the more unusual vessels out there for drinking beer , vessels like the glass boot .
The 2006 comedy movie Beerfest brought some attention to this odd drinking cup , but did n’t really explain its history .
The exact origins of the glass boot are unknown , but there are several theories commonly proposed .
The first and most popular theory suggests that the glass boot came to be about a hundred years ago .
A German general promised his troops that he would drink from a shoe if they won a tough upcoming battle .
To his surprise they did , but instead of sipping beer from his actual boot the general had a glass boot made just for him so he could honor his promise without the beer smelling like old socks .
After that the practice caught on with soldiers throughout Germany and eventually the rest of the beer drinking world .
There are several other theories that suggest that drinking beer from a leather boot was a test of courage and / or a hazing ritual for men and soldiers dating back anywhere from 500 to 50 years ago .
Although we may never know for sure when the boot came to be , the where was probably Germany , where the glass is known as a “ bierstiefel . ”
Today the boot is popular mostly among younger beer drinkers , especially those in college , who use the boot for various drinking games .
Drinking very quickly from a bierstiefel with the toe of the boot pointing down creates a vacuum pocket which will eventually shoot the beer out of the glass .
The challenge for these young revelers is to continue finishing the beer without letting the inevitable beer splash slow them down .
Although we here at Beeriety do n’t support most drinking games , we do support the celebration of ages old beer drinking tradition .
Glass boots come in many different shapes and sizes and are available at some finer beer bars and restaurants .
The next time you ’re out be sure to ask your server if they have any beer boots for you to try .
With the International Solid - State Circuits Conference less than a week away , Intel has released additional details on its hexa - core desktop , next generation mobile and dual - core Westmere processors .
Much of the dual - core data was revealed last month when the CPU manufacturer launched Clarkdale ( our review is here if you want additional information on the CPU and its integrated graphics core ) .
When Intel set its internal goals for what its calling Westmere 6C , the company aimed to boost both core and cache count by 50 percent without increasing the processor 's thermal envelope .
Towards this end , the new Westmere chips will incorporate additional technologies to reduce the CPU 's power consumption at idle .
Westmere 6C ( codename Gulftown ) is a native six - core chip as shown above .
Intel has crammed 1.17 billion transistors into a die that 's approximately 240 mm sq .
The new chip carries 12 MB up L3 ( up from Nehalem 's 8MB ) and a TDP of 130W at 3.33GHz .
In addition to the addition of hardware AES encryption instruction decode support , Intel has made a number of improvements to Gulftown 's power consumption .
Up until now , Intel 's efforts to reduce CPU power consumption focused on what it calls the " Core " ; the " Uncore " hardware could n't be powered down or controlled to the same degree .
Starting with Westmere , both sections of the CPU can be fine - tuned to minimize power consumption without adversely affecting processor performance .
As part of its bid to increase CPU complexity and performance without driving up system - level power consumption , Westmere will also support low - voltage DDR3 , which uses an operating voltage of 1.35 v ( down from 1.5 v standard ) .
According to Intel , using the lower voltage memory reduces memory power consumption by about 20 percent overall .
The big mobile - specific tech that Intel has debuted with Arrandale ( 32 nm Westmere 2C ) is a Turbo Boost for graphics mode .
While Intel 's standard Turbo mode is available as well , the chip can also cut CPU frequency and ramp the IGP higher to improve graphics performance .
Intel refers to this as " HD Graphics with dynamic frequency . "
How much of a boost this mode can deliver depends on which processor you 've got .
Intel 's spec sheets for the Core i3 processor list a 500MHz standard frequency with a 667MHz maximum dynamic frequency while the Core i5 mobile parts top out at 766M Hz .
That 's 1.33 x and 1.53 x above stock , respectively .
There are two ways to take Intel 's Dynamic Frequency technology .
On the one hand , it 's true that Intel 's integrated GPUs have historically been terrible choices for gaming ; what the parts have lacked in hardware functionality , they 've made up for in terrible driver support .
Arrandale 's integrated IGP is more advanced than any of its desktop predecessors , but the " new " features Intel baked into the on - die GPU , such as hierarchical Z support , are technologies ATI and NVIDIA launched nearly nineago .
Trailing your competition is one thing , trailing your competition by a decade is something else entirely .
On the other hand , however , Intel 's new IGP is indisputably the fastest , most gaming - friendly part the company has ever built .
A 33 percent ( or 53 percent ) higher clockspeed is n't going to turn Arrandale 's IGP into a discrete part from ATI or NVIDIA , but it should provide noticable performance improvements provided that the processor speed tradeoff does n't obscure them .
The ability to trade CPU cycles for GPU horsepower gives even a modest system additional flexibility ; it 's easy to see how this sort of capability could end up integrated into Intel 's Atom product line in the not - too - distant future .
In addition to its x86 CPU briefings , Intel will present a number of paper 's at the ISSCC .
Chief among these are the company 's ongoing research into so - called " digital intelligence , " high - speed point - to - point interconnects , and reconfigurable computing .
Intel will also give more details on a 48 - core single - chip processor it unveiled last December .
One of the features the company will discuss is the chip 's use of so - called circuit switching rather than packet switching when passing messages .
By mapping out the route from core to core before actually sending a message , Intel claims it can vastly accelerate the speed at which information is passed within the chip structure .
Mashup Monday -
We 're going to melt you faces off with enough mashed up music to make you wanna slap yo' mama .
Earmilk staff JSully and itstk will be bringing you the dopest dope in the mashup world .
We 've been scouring the music lands , and filing through tracks that you enthusiastic readers and musicians have sent us .
We 've found mashups from DJ 's far and wide .
We 've found down - tempo ones .
We 've found super fast and beaty ones .
Short ones and long ones .
Ones that you wanna sit back and enjoy , and ones that will make you want to rage all over a dance floor .
We think we 've done our part .
Let 's get s-mashed .
Now if your mashup is lucky enough to be featured on Earmilk , and we do n't list your name ( sometimes we can't find it ! ) then shoot us an email or comment below and we can add it .
Also , keep in mind we want all of you to send us everything you got .
We 're gonna be doing this here thang weekly , so send em ' on .
Just make sure to give us your info so you get your well deserved credit .
This week we 've got a few treats .
We 've got some good ol ' original mashups from artists like White Panda , and The Hood Internet .
We 've also got some long sets from vets like Ludachrist ( 45 min. set ) , and some new comers like BeeFowl ( formerly of The Brian Fowler Project ) ( 25 min. set ) .
Enjoy .
icechromepaintjob320kbps
diablophoenixjayz
puff_daddy_volcano_choir
calvinharrisnirvana
biggietupacxx
biggymiley
Seventeen Supernovas ( Mr Hudson vs. Ratatat )
marvinoutkast
walejustice
justicewutang
lauryn_hill_deadmau5
jayzverve
jayzmarvin
Sweet Baby ( Muse Vs. Gwen Stefani ft. Akon )
I 'd Rather Roll With Cindy Collins
01 Intergalactic Waters of Nazareth ( Justice Vs. Beastie Boys )
Hurt Wit Chu ( Johnny Cash Vs. QOTSA )
Dirt Off Your Gangsta ( Jay - Z Vs. Chromeo )
01 Kids In Technicolor ( Coldplay vs MGMT vs Daft Punk )
Y Girls ( RAnimal Collective vs. Yeah Yeah Yeahs )
01 Stardust Kids ( David Bowie vs. MGMT )
Microsoft is working to patch the vulnerability through a software update
Investigators say they are closing in on the source of the cyber attacks that hit a number of US companies , including Google , according to reports .
The Financial Times suggests that US officials have tracked the author of the code used to attack the company .
The paper says the alleged hacker is a Chinese " freelance security consultant in his 30s " who had published extracts of the attack code on the web .
The attacks led Google to announce that it may pull out of China entirely .
The attacks allegedly hit more than 30 companies .
Google said they had targeted the e-mail accounts of Chinese human rights activists .
The hackers had used a security hole in Microsoft 's Internet Explorer web browser to launch the attacks .
The hole has since been patched .
The FT says that the alleged hacker posted pieces of the program to a hacker 's forum and that Chinese officials had " special access " to the code .
" If he wants to do the research he 's good at , he has to toe the line now and again , " the paper quoted a single , unnamed government researcher as saying .
The news comes after reports linked two Chinese schools to the attacks .
Reports suggested that the source of the strikes had been traced to Shanghai Jiaotong University and the Lanxiang School , a large vocational training centre in Jinan .
Both schools deny any involvement .
You think Harmonix is working on the next Rock Band beyond Green Day : Rock Band ?
Yeah , me too .
But how about a game featuring the music of hardcore hip - hop duo M.O.P.?
Did n't see that one coming , eh ?
According to The Royalty Network , Harmonix Music Systems recently put in license usage requests for the following songs :
M.O.P. - " Ante Up "
Cascada - " Evacuate the Dance Floor "
Trey Songs - " Say Aah "
Timbaland feat .
D.O.E. - " The Way I Are "
You might notice these are n't tracks that would fit anywhere in Harmonix 's current Rock Band titles without some serious imagination .
So what could they be for ?
Well , it may be for nothing at all -- requests for license usage does n't mean they 'll actually be used ... they 're simply requests .
But what if they 're looking to create the next Amplitude , or a new music franchise entirely ?
Or maybe Harmonix CEO Alex Rigopolos just really likes M.O.P. ; who can resist lyrics like " Fool what you want ?
Your life or your jewels ? "
Not me , that 's for sure .
First Family , fools .
First Family .
When contacted about the songs licenses , a Harmonix / MTV Games rep threw out the expected " No comment " right before he yanked my gold chain and ran off .
Royalty Network Revealing New Harmonix Project ?
[ Bemanistyle ]
The Steorn Orbo motor replication by JL Naudin
created on december 26 , 2009 - JLN Labs - Last update march 2 , 2010
Toutes les informations et schémas sont publiés gratuitement ( freeware ) et sont destinés à un usage personnel et non commercial
All informations and diagrams are published freely ( freeware ) and are intended for a private use and a non commercial use .
Cliquez ici pour la version FRANCAISE
The new Steorn magnetic motor shown on december 15 , 2009 by Sean McCarthy in Dublin is composed by a rotor equiped with neodymium magnets and a stator which contains toroidal coils with a ferrite core .
The rotor magnets are attracted by the ferromagnetic material of the torus , so the magnetic potential energy is converted into kinetic energy of rotation .
The ferrite will be magnetically polarized and will be temporarily transformed into a magnet of opposite polarity to that of the rotor magnet .
So there is attraction but when the magnet is closest to the ferrite it is locked by the magnetic force and enable to exit .
When the magnetic potential energy is minimal and when the kinetic energy is maximum ( the nearest point of the magnet closest to the torus ) , a depolarization pulse is sent through the toroidal coils changing the orientation of magnetic domains ( Weiss domains ) of the ferrite , which frees the magnets .
I recall that there is no magnetic field outside a toroidal coil , it is commonly compared to a coil of infinite length .
There is no direct interaction of the magnetic field of the torus with the magnetic field of the rotor magnets .
The magnetic field of the toroidal coil is used only to depolarize temporarily the magnetization of the ferrite core .
Thus , the magnetic force of attraction of the rotor becomes unbalanced ( symmetry is broken ) , the magnetic potential energy during approach of the rotor magnet is less than the potential magnetic energy during the exit phase .
This is therefore the purpose of " magnetic regauging " fully explained by Tom Bearden .
To summarize , we have a " non-reciprocal " and fully asymmetrical system .
There is no counter electromotive force ( back - emf ) in the toroidal coils of the stator produced by the rotation of the rotor .
The current required to get the temporary depolarization of the magnetic domains of the ferrite is fully independent of the mechanical torque produced on the motor shaft .
From the informations published on the Internet by Steorn , I have decided to reproduce this magnetic motor and , firstly , to check the observations and measurements presented in the video of December 15 , 2009 by Sean McCarthy in Dublin .
The experiments proposed here and their explanations are only based on my personnal interpretation only of the Orbo working principle presented to the public through videos and photos by Sean McCarthy in Dublin and may be differ from the official Steorn explanations .
These experiments presented here are the tests results of all my researches about the Orbo device from Steorn .
The previous Hall effect probe used to trigger the coils has been replaced by an optical sensor with black shutters for a better tuning .
Technical specifications of one toroïdal coil :
Ferromagnetic core ( grade 3E25 ) specific inductance Al=3820 ( 23x14x7 mm )
wound CW with 7.5 m of 4/10 mm copper wire
Max inductance = 235 mH ( far from the magnet )
Min inductance = 58.6 mH ( close to the magnet )
Coil resistance = 1.4 ohms
Magnets specifications :
4 x 2 NdFeB magnets ( Bremag 27 ) of 27 MGoe ( 208 kJ / m3 ) polarisation N - S outward .
Magnet size : diameter 22 mm , 10 mm thick
Rotor specifications :
Plastic cylinder : outer diameter = 100 mm , height = 50 mm
3 mm gap beetwen the rotor and the stator coils
Power supply : 10 V DC with 220 mA at 750 RPM
The latest model V3 is currently under test .
This new design is more closer to the original demo rig version presented on dec 15 , 2009 in Dublin by Steorn ....
TEST 1 : Shorting two toroïdal stator coils
In this test only the two toroïdal stator coils 1 and 3 are used to power the motor .
The RPM is measured with an optical tachometer and the motor is only lighted with a DC battery powered halogen lamp while all the AC lights are switched off in the lab .
At full and stable speed ( 690 RPM ) , the stator coils 2 and 4 connected in series are shorted and the change of RPM is measured .
TEST RESULTS :
At a full and stable RPM , when the toroïdal stator coils 2 and 4 are shorted with the switch , there is NO CHANGE in the RPM of the motor .
Shorting the toroïdal stator coils has no mesurable effect on the RPM of the Steorn motor .
Below the video of the test
TEST 2 : Stator coils INDUCTANCE Vs ANGULAR POSITION of the rotor magnet
The purpose of this experiment is to measure the variation of the inductance of the toroïdal coils of the Steorn motor V3 Vs the angular position of the rotor magnet .
The inductance is measured with an inductancemeter Voltcraft LCR 9063 each 5° from 0° to 180° .
The four toroïdal coils are connected in series .
Technical specifications of one toroïdal coil :
Ferromagnetic core ( grade 3E25 ) specific inductance Al=3820 ( 23x14x7 mm )
wound CW with 7.5 m of 4/10 mm copper wire
Magnets specifications :
4 x 2 NdFeB magnets ( Bremag 27 ) of 27 MGoe ( 208 kJ / m3 ) polarisation N - S outward .
Magnet size : diameter 22 mm , 10 mm thick
The total resistance of the four toroïdal coils connected in series is 4.5 ohms
Below the full video of the experiment :
Click here to see the full datasheet of the core material used in this test
On the diagram above the position of the toroidal stator coils and the magnets and the areas where the coils are powered are clearly showed .
TEST RESULTS :
You will notice in the diagram above that , in this replication of the Steorn motor V3 , the inductance of the toroïdal stator coils drops drammaticaly from 963 mH to 190 mH while the magnets approach to the coils .
This inductance changing effect has been fully demonstrated by Sean McCarthy on his Orbo motor during his show " Cop > 1 " in Dublin on January 12 , 2010 ...
TEST 3 : Canceling the Back EMF in the toroïdal stator coils , How To ?
The purpose of this experiment is to demonstrate that Back EMF can be induced in the toroïdal stator coils when the coils are above and below the neutral magnetic line of the rotating magnets .
You will notice that there is a very precise position where Back EMF is fully canceled .
To conduct this experiment , I have used my working replication of the Steorn motor V3 with its four toroïdal stator coils .
I have added a fifth toroïdal coil as a Back EMF probe .
This coil is able to move along a path parallel to the axis of the rotating magnets and above or below the neutral magnetic line .
The rotor contains 4 pairs of NdFeB magnets with their North and South poles outwards ( the magnet with the North pole outward on the top and the magnet with the South pole outward on the bottom ) .
TEST RESULTS :
This simple experiment confirms that , when the toroïdal coils are placed above or below the neutral magnetic line of the rotor , Back EMF can be measured .
This experiment confirms also that there is a very precise position where the Back EMF can be fully canceled , this can be done when the toroïdal stator coils are placed exactly in line with the neutral magnetic line of the rotating magnets .
Below , you will find the full video of this experiment :
TEST 4 : Successful generation of the Orbo pulses in the Steorn V4
Now , my new toroïdal coils design of the Steorn motor v4 produces the same shape of the voltage and the current curves
than the original Orbo motor version from Steorn showed by Sean McCarthy ...
You may notice that the current rises very fast ( for the same inductance value ) and the top of the curve is FLAT and HORIZONTAL ....
It is very interesting to observe that the current is constant during 72 % of the pulse while the inductance of the stator coils increases from 246 mH to 916 mH ...
Parametric Equation of this system
TEST 5 : New measurements after a fine tuning and a mechanical alignement of the toroïdal coils
The pulse has been precisely tuned with the high power variable resistor and the coils have been finely aligned on the neutral magnetic line .
The results are now indeniable , look at the current and the power curves below , the current rises very fast and then the current curve is very flat and horizontal while the inductance of the toroïdal stator coils increases .
So , no CEMF is produced by the motion of the rotor , there is no spike in the power calculated in real time by the high end digital oscilloscope ....
Below , you will find a video of the test of the Steorn motor V4.1 :
TEST 6 : Experiment on Viscous Remanent Magnetization ( VRM )
The purpose of this test is to measure the Viscous Remanent Magnetization ( VRM ) decay of the toroïdal ferromagnetic core used in my Steorn Orbo motor .
When one rotor magnet , freely attracted by the ferromagnetic material of the toroïd , lives the core , the ferromagnetic material of the core remains temporarily magnetized with the opposite polarity of the leaving magne , due to the VRM effect .
When the next rotor magnet approaches to this magnetized core , it will be more attracted by this temporarily magnetization during its approach and thus it will get more kinetic energy .
( click on the picture below to know more )
TEST 7 : Loading test with a pickup coil connected to a High Power Leds panel
The purpose of this test is to check the loading effect on the input current of the toroïdal stator coils of the Orbo motor v4 .
So , a pickup coil has been connected at 45° from the TDC .
This pickup coil is a flat air core coil ( 600 mH ) connected to a High Power Leds panel used as load .
The input current through the toroïdal stator coils is measured with an analog ammeter .
TEST RESULTS :
At full and stable RPM , if the High Power Leds panel is switched ON , there is no change in the measured current at the input of the toroïdal stator coils .
At full speed , with the LEDs OFF , the measured current through the toroïdal stator coils is 400 mA .
If the High Power Leds panel is switched ON , the measured current through the toroïdal stator coils is still 400 mA .
Below , you will find a video of the loading test with the High Power Leds panel with an analog ammeter :
Below , you will find a video of the loading test with the High Power Leds panel with an digital ammeter :
OVERUNITY PROOF ?
Successful Orbo replication by Larsko , measured COP = 4.75
Congratulations to Larsko , he has build a very frictionless replication of the Orbo motor .
His measurements during the loading test has demonstrated an overunity effect .
See the Lasko measurement datas ( feb 26 , 2010 ) below :
The toroid core is a ferrite F - 87A - H. permeability is 15000 .
Each coil has 200 turns of 23 AWG copper wire , 26 ft long .
Each coil resistance is 0,5 ohm and the inductance of each coil is around 640 mH .
When the motor runs , the total inductance of the 4 coils is between 2300 mH and 2400 mH .
Input power without load : 4 volt * 31 mA = 0.124 watt .
All the power is heat losses .
Turn speed 1551 RPM
Input power with load : 4 volt * 32 mA = 0,128 watt .
Input power increase only to 0,004 watt ....
Turn speed 1240 RPM
Output Load on 9 Leds = 7.72 V * 2.99 mA = 0.023 W
Delta Power = 23 mW - 4 mW = 19 mW ---> 19/4 = 4.75 ?
Comments from Jean - Louis Naudin :
In the Lasko Orbo replication , it is important to notice that the COP of this device is less than one .
The factor 4.75 is NOT A COP or the efficiency of his device .
One of the most interesting thing in this good Orbo replication done by Larsko is that while 23 mW of power is collected at its output , only 4 mW is tapped at the input ...
This is a good example of a non reciproal effect .
Interesting documents :
Technical datasheets :
Patents :
US 2009/0009157 A1 : SYSTEM AND METHOD FOR MEASURING ENERGY IN MAGNETIC INTERACTIONS :
An apparatus and method is provided for measuring magnetic force response time due to the magnetic viscosity of materials and for measuring total energy exchanged due to relative motion of magnetic materials .
Voltage and current versus time through an electromagnet is measured and recorded ....
Inventors : Sean David McCarthy , Alan Simpson , Martin Flood , Maxime Sorin
Comments from Jean - Louis Naudin :
Why this patent , below , is interesting for the Orbo motor ?
The patent below is very interesting because it says that in a common toroidal coil , each layer is equal to a " one turn coil " whose axis is parallel to the axis of the toroid .
So , one layer of toroidal coil is equal to a flat coil of one turn and thus it can tap or produce EMF outside the torus .
So , to counter this interference effect , the only thing to do is , for each layer of the toroidal coil , to wound a one turn flat coil along the circumference of the toroid so as to produce a magnetic field which nullify the virtual one turn coil created by each layer of the toroidal coil ...
This is very simple and a very important thing to do for canceling the weak CEMF induced in the toroid by the motion of the magnet and this is one of the most important key of the Orbo motor ...
Patent number : US5565835 ( click on the picture to read the patent ) SUBSTANTIAL NULLIFICATION OF EXTERNAL MAGNETIC FIELDS AND LORENTZ FORCES REGARDING TOROIDAL INDUCTORS
Inventor : Lawrence R. Groehl
Assignee : The United States of America as represented by the Secretary of the Army , Washington , D.C .
Appl. No. : 260,151
Filed : Jun . 13,1994
Main and supplemental windings are combined in a toroidal inductor to subntially nullify Lorentz Forces on the main winding and the magnetic field thereof which passes externally from the inductor .
BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION
Use of inductors or coils is well know as for storing electrical energy .
As the electromagnetic parameters of inductors increase however , severe problems are encountered therewith , for example in power distribution systems of electric utilities .
Because of Lorentz Forces which result from the interaction of currents with magnetic fields , structural integrity becomes a primary consideration .
Magnetic fields which radiate externally from many inductors are also an important consideration because energy losses result therefrom , and a hazard to life and equipment .
Below , the Steorn motor shown to the public on december 15 , 2009 in Dublin
I am not affiliated with Steorn Ltd. Orbo is trademarked by Steorn
Email : JNaudin509@aol.com
return to the Magnetic motors home page
visites depuis le 26 décembre 2009
Cell phones have always been impressive and nothing can be more impressive if you have a phone that is touch screen Tri band with all the la ...
Approaches to achieving reductions include frugality ; greater use of energy - efficient devices ; carbon capture and sequestration ; emission - neutral means of generation ; rainforest protection ; a levy on emissions ( “ carbon tax ” ) ; and the lease or purchase of emission rights by over - emitters from under-emitters ( “ cap-and - trade ” ) .
If appropriate international agreements could be forged ( clearly no easy feat ) , cap - and - trade schemes in principle would be an excellent approach as long as the worldwide level of emissions being sought is a safe and sustainable one ; a country ’s contribution to a safe level is equitably determined ; and inefficiency and corruption in its administration , monitoring and international verification are eliminated or at least kept to an acceptable limit .
One environmentally and socially equitable approach to cap - and - trade would be to base the discharge allocations on that fraction of the atmosphere that a country ’s land mass supports .
In such a scheme , many rich countries would currently be discharging more than their fair allotment ; most of the poor countries probably less so .
The under - discharging countries would then be able to lease ( not sell ) some portion of their discharge rights until such time as they are able , with the help of this income , to develop their own discharging infrastructure .
The leasing countries , for their part , would have time to institute changes to stay within their fair allotment , which might well include retrenchment of individual energy consumption or , barring that , even reduced population numbers , difficult as that might be .
In the end , we must all recognize that we have an obligation to share this earth with the other living things , an obligation that requires a reduction , by one means or another , in our population - driven demands on its natural resources .
Bringing about this recognition is the task of civic education in the broadest sense .
The Christmas Day bombing attempt by Abdul Farouk Abdulmutallab quickly became a another tiresome political issue in the United States , yet another opportunity for the Republicans to bash the President .
Why , they ask , is he being charged in a court of law , instead of being locked up in a secret prison and treated like an " enemy combatant " ?
This incident , they claim , is part and parcel of the Obama administration ’s flawed approach to the " war on terrorism " : we ’re treating the terrorists like ordinary criminals , they complain , instead of mad dogs who deserve water - boarding and worse .
As usual , the GOP leadership is adding nothing to the discussion with its partisan brickbats , and perverted focus on the benefits of torture , and this incident in particular only underscores their sorry irrelevance .
Because the real question , one that was instantly asked by all sorts of non-Republicans in the wake of the incident , is :
How did he ever get on a plane in the first place , when his own father went to the authorities over concerns that his son had been " radicalized " – and had subsequently disappeared ?
Of course , Republicans asked [ . pdf ] this question , too , but then went on to reiterate their pro-torture " enemy combatant " stance , reinforced with calls to extend the " war on terrorism " to Yemen , from whence Mr. Abdulmutallab was supposedly dispatched by al - Qaeda .
This whole mantra , however , is a meaningless non sequitur when it comes to the pertinent question , which is : how , after all the post - 9/11 peregrinations and preventative programs , all the billions spent and the alleged reorganization of our intelligence - gathering capabilities implemented , did we fail to " connect the dots , " as the cliché goes ?
Yes , we " failed to connect the dots , " say our government officials – just like on 9/11 .
Oh , but do n’t worry , because now we ’re on the ball , we ’re taking new and even more intrusive steps to guard against in - flight terrorism – spanking - new strip - scanners in every airport , and lots of even more obnoxious TSA agents .
If those geniuses in Washington failed to connect the dots , then one of the passengers on Northwest Flight 253 is drawing our attention to a dot that is n’t mentioned in most news reports , one that gives us a whole new perspective on the Christmas Day would - be bomber and how he managed to evade routine screening procedures .
The discovery of the missing dot is provided courtesy of Kurt Haskell , a Michigan lawyer , who was on that flight .
He and his wife were sitting in front of the attendant ’s desk playing cards at Amsterdam ’s Schiphol airport when Haskell took note of an odd couple walking up to the desk .
Odd because they seemed mismatched : a lanky ill - dressed black male who looked no more than 16 years old , and a well - dressed somewhat portly older man who looked Indian and spoke English with an American accent .
Haskell strained to hear : what the well - dressed man was saying to the attendant was that he needed to get his companion – who had no passport – on the flight .
The attendant insisted that every passenger must have a passport , but the well - dressed man , undeterred , explained " He ’s a refugee from Sudan , " and furthermore averring " We do this all the time . "
The attendant , properly impressed with this authoritative display , shrugged and said :
Well , you ’ll have to speak to my superior .
The well - dressed man and his charge disappeared down a hallway – and the next time Haskell saw the skinny kid , he was trying to blow up the plane .
I reported on this story when it first came out in the Detroit News : it soon spread to the national media , where it was given a certain amount of credence , and US officials and the Dutch – who had deflected Haskell ’s own efforts to get at the truth – could no longer ignore it .
Both the FBI and the Dutch authorities denied there was any truth to the story : the Dutch claimed airport video showed no evidence of the well - dressed man accompanying Abdulmutallab , and US officials completely discounted Haskell ’s eyewitness testimony .
Haskell claims a major media outlet that had planned to cover the story told him they were canceling the interview because his account had been proved to be an " urban myth . "
Haskell ’s fifteen minutes were up , and his name faded from news accounts .
But his startling account of what happened at Schiphol airport was unobtrusively confirmed the other day by ABC News in a tangentially - related story entitled " Alert : Female Suicide Bombers May Be Heading Here From Yemen , " with the alluring subhead : " U.S. Agents Told Women Believed Connected to Al Qaeda May Have Western Appearance and Passports . "
At the very tail end of this gripping narrative of Islamist Mata - Haris in disguise , we get the following tidbit :
" As part of the additional scrutiny , federal agents are conducting extensive background checks on every passenger who flew to Detroit on the Northwest flight in case one of them might have been sent as a “ spotter ” on the mission .
" Federal agents also tell ABCNews.com they are attempting to identify a man who passengers said helped Abdulmutallab change planes for Detroit when he landed in Amsterdam from Lagos , Nigeria .
" Authorities had initially discounted the passenger accounts , but the agents say there is a growing belief the man have played a role to make sure Abdulmutallab ‘ did not get cold feet . ’ "
This rather offhand admission that Haskell ’s account was truthful – without naming him – is stunning in several respects :
Haskell , for one , is justifiably angry that , after trying to discredit him as somehow delusional , or even a liar , they finally acknowledge the truth without issuing an accompanying apology .
He even has a theory as to why this is so : he cites US government officials testifying before congress as saying they would allow someone on the terrorist watch list into the US on certain occasions and given certain circumstances , in order to keep tabs on them and uncover their contacts in this country .
The well - dressed man , according to Haskell , must have been an American , and not only that , but a US government official , whose ironic task it was to shepherd the young terrorist aboard the plane– the idea being that this would somehow facilitate our intelligence - gathering capabilities .
The US government , he concludes , is covering up an instance when its harebrained James Bond -ish antics nearly caused the death of hundreds .
This theory is based on several questionable assumptions , primary among them the idea that the well - dressed man is an American , never mind a US government employee .
How does he know that ?
One could very well have an American accent without having been born in this country .
In addition , Haskell ’s theory is far too complex and definitive , given what we know for sure .
Details about the pre-boarding interview with Abdulmutallab – every passenger has to undergo a personal interview before getting on a plane at Schiphol – have not been released , and that airport video they claim shows no sign of the well - dressed man is still being withheld .
What we do know is this : Abdulmutallab had help getting on that plane .
From whom , we do n’t yet know .
We also know he had at least one accomplice onboard : not the well - dressed Indian - looking man , but another Indian - looking man whose baggage was singled out by bomb - sniffing dogs in Detroit and was led away in handcuffs .
This part of Haskell ’s account was also initially denied by the authorities , who came up with four or five different explanations before some of the other passengers , including one appearing on MSNBC , stepped forward and corroborated his story .
We still do n’t know the fate or identity of the other Indian , and US officials have simply stopped addressing the matter .
Who was that well - dressed man ?
One would hardly expect the facilitator of al - Qaeda ’s latest attempt to strike at the United States to be an Indian - looking guy wearing an expensive suit and brandishing an American accent .
An actor playing a part ?
But what role , and what ’s the narrative , the story - line ?
We are all of us potential novelists when it comes to extrapolating the known facts , and the line between rational inquiry and fiction - writing is all too often blurred by our prejudices and other emotions – in Haskell ’s case , having been through a hair - raising experience , only to find that his own government seems less than interested in preventing a reoccurrence , and is , instead , more concerned with calling his own credibility into question .
Without venturing too far out into the speculative realm , and taking only what we know for sure as our guide , Haskell ’s account and its apparent verification by US government sources raises an interesting question , one that has lurked in the background ever since September 11 , 2001 – did al - Qaeda act alone ?
The official story [ .pdf ] of the 9/11 attacks – that nineteen Arab men , armed only with box - cutters and their own fanaticism , succeeded in taking control of four airliners , and crashing two of them into the World Trade Center and another into the Pentagon , and that they did this with no outside help , all by their lonesome selves – was never very convincing .
Numerous accounts of unusual activities on the ground in the US in the months prior to 9/11 long ago convinced me that at least one foreign intelligence agency had some indication of what was in the works , and not only did nothing to stop Mohammed Atta and his confreres , but also effectively shielded them from our own efforts at surveillance .
In short , al - Qaeda had allies in a position to assist in the success of the hijacking plot – and so did the Christmas Day bomber .
One need n’t accept any of this – that al - Qaeda has useful allies , not all of whom are Islamic fanatics – to find Haskell ’s account , and the US government ’s backhanded acknowledgment of its veracity , more than a bit disturbing .
What I want to know is : why is the " mainstream " news media silent on this story ?
It ’s a lot more interesting and relevant than ninety - nine percent of the crap they cover : did that " Dateline " reporter who told Haskell he was purveying an " urban myth , " get the word from her government sources to put the kibosh on the story ?
The principle of secrecy – which is the only principle , aside from constant lying , that US government officials seem to honor these days – forbids any public discussion of the real issues underlying our eternal " war on terrorism . "
Even though this struggle defines our foreign policy and rationalizes the most injurious assaults on our civil liberties since the Civil War , we are n’t allowed to know much about many of the particulars .
Thus US officials and their media amen corner can get away with portraying what they call the Long War as a simple black - and - white struggle of bad guys versus good , al - Qaeda versus the West , in which the former utilizes all the tricks of asymmetric warfare while we rely on the military resources of a great power to pursue the enemy in his lair .
Every once in a while , however , facts emerge that do n’t fit the official narrative , and the Christmas Day bombing attempt was one such occasion , providing additional evidence of a more complex reality waiting to be unearthed .
Could it be that the war on terrorism is a multi- sided conflict , a deadly game involving at least one or possibly several more players than previously thought ?
The revelation that Abdulmutallab had enablers , one for sure and possibly two at the scene of the crime , certainly points in that direction .
By Matt Walker
Editor , Earth News
One for all ...
Ants live altruistically , but some die altruistically too .
When ants of the species Temnothorax unifasciatus get sick , they abandon their nest , walking far away from their relatives to die alone .
They perform this act of heroism to prevent the illness that is killing them from spreading to the colony .
The discovery , published in Current Biology , is the first time that such behaviour has been shown in ants or any other social insect .
Professor Jurgen Heinze and PhD student Bartosz Walter decided to investigate the ants ' behaviour after becoming interested in anecdotal reports of dying individuals deserting their families .
The workers left the nest voluntarily and were not carried away
Dr Michel Chapuisat
University of Lausanne Such behaviour has been reported in dogs , cats , elephants and even people .
But because it happens occasionally , it can not be quantifiably studied .
So Prof Heinze decided to set up an experiment to study the phenomenon in ants , which he also noticed would occasionally leave the colony for no apparent reason .
The researchers exposed a colony of Temnothorax unifasciatus ants reared in their laboratory to the spores of a lethal parasitic fungus called Metarhizium anisopliae .
Most of the workers who died from the fungal infection permanently left the nest hours or days before death , and died in a foraging area far from their nest mates .
" Our study suggests that infected ants at least in some species walk away from a colony and die alone , rather than risk infecting others , " Prof Heinze told the BBC .
Not zombies Crucially , the researchers were able to rule out the possibility that the fungus itself caused the diseased ants to walk away .
Many parasites manipulate their hosts in order to increase their own transmission .
Flu viruses make people cough , while in ants , one cordyceps fungus effectively turns its victims into zombies , impelling ants to climb up a stem where they die .
From this elevated vantage point the fungus 's fruiting body grows out of the victim 's body , allowing the spores to be more widely distributed by the wind .
But by exposing the ants to CO2 , the researchers artificially reduced their lifespan .
SOCIAL INSECTS : FIND OUT MORE
A single mega-colony of Argentine ants has colonised much of the world , scientists discovered last year Fire ants make a life raft from their own bodies to escape a flood Find out more about the estimated 20,000 species of ants that exist in the world Uninfected ants who survived this treatment , but still knew they would die prematurely , also left the nest before death took hold , proving the fungus itself did not drive them out .
" This simple experiment demonstrates that nest leaving is not caused by parasite manipulation but by the imminence of death , " says biologist Michel Chapuisat of the University of Lausanne , Switzerland , who studies the evolution of insect societies .
" Another interesting finding was that the workers left the nest voluntarily and were not carried away by other workers , " he writes in the same issue of the journal .
By choosing to face death alone , the ants were making a truly altruistic act .
That is important because the exact opposite has been found in the bumblebee , another social insect .
Bees infected by fly larvae move out of the hive into colder air .
But in doing so , the cold temperatures slow the lifecycle of the parasite .
So the infected bees are actually trying to extend their own lives , rather than save their nest mates .
The heroic act by the terminally ill ants is the latest in a line of extraordinary behaviours discovered among social insects .
In order to help protect close relatives , termites have been found to explode during fights , bees die after stinging , while the members of another species of ant have been found to condemn themselves to death by sealing in a nesting colony from the outside .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
So , that was annoying : “ Gov. McDonnell has signed a new executive order that strips former protections from discrimination based on sexual orientation for employees of the Commonwealth of Virginia , while legislation to protect those employees has died in the state ’s legislature .
On Monday , Feb. 8 , the state Senate passed legislation to protect public employees from discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity or expression .
The bill would have codified and expanded previous policy set by executive orders from former Governors Tim Kaine and Mark Warner based on sexual orientation only , but the legislation died in a House subcommittee on Tuesday , Feb. 9 . ” [ HRCBS ]
UPDATE 3/5 : Virginia Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli joins the ridiculous policies of the governor ( who held the AG job before becoming gov ) by demanding state colleges rescind discrimination protections for LGBT employees .
His full letter is here .
In possibly one of the biggest superhero movie shockers since the last one–when was the Spider - Man reboot , three weeks ago ?
–Deadline Hollywood is now reporting that The Dark Knight and Batman Begins director Christopher Nolan has been assigned the potentially thankless task of being the latest filmmaker assigned by Warner Bros. to try to save the “ Superman ” franchise , in this case in a mentoring capacity to figure out the best way to proceed .
Director Bryan Singer helmed the last installment Superman Returns three and a half years ago , which grossed $ 391 million worldwide , but was n’t seen as a hit due to its reported $ 270 million production budget .
( Remember that the studio does n’t get 100 % of those theatrical grosses . )
Since then , various names have been mentioned as possible candidates to get Superman back to the screen , most vocally comic book creator Mark Millar ( Wanted , Kick - Ass ) , but nothing had been confirmed or definite .
This latest news seems to come out of two recent developments , the restructuring of Warner ’s relationship with DC Comics into a new company called DC Entertainment , headed by Diane Nelson , and the looming deadline of the estates of Superman creators Jerome Siegel and Joe Shuster gaining back the entire copyright for the character in 2013 .
During a court hearing about the rights to Superman , Warners chairman Alan Horn said that he hoped to make another film for 2012 at the earliest but that no script was currently in development .
Some may remember that before Bryan Singer came on board , various versions of the Man of Steel were floundering in development , including one version starring Nicolas Cage to be directed by Tim Burton based on a screenplay by Kevin Smith .
Even J.J. Abrams took a crack at writing a Superman screenplay with both Brett Ratner and McG attached to direct his version at one point .
It ’s unclear how far Nolan ’s role as a mentor might stretch and whether he ’ll just be offering some suggestions on the direction , or will be actively involved in picking the director , writers and casting for the reboot , as it ’s still very early in what is already being labeled “ Superman 3.0 . ”
You can read a lot more about what led to Warner Bros . ’ decision over at Deadline Hollywood , and we ’ll keep you posted as things develop .
Knowing how many fans of The Dark Knight there are on SuperHeroHype , need we even ask what you think about Nolan being actively involved in another movie about a DC Comics character ?
Source : Deadline Hollywood
Dutch forces have been in Uruzgan since 2006 The Dutch government has collapsed over disagreements within the governing coalition on extending troop deployments in Afghanistan .
After marathon talks , Christian Democratic Prime Minister Jan Peter Balkenende announced that the Labour Party was quitting the government .
He offered his government 's resignation to Queen Beatrix in a telephone call .
The premier had been considering a Nato request for Dutch forces to stay in Afghanistan beyond August 2010 .
But Labour , the second - largest coalition party , has opposed the move .
Asadullah Hamdam , the governor of the Afghan province of Uruzgan , where the Dutch mission is based , told the BBC that peace and reconstruction efforts would suffer a setback if the Dutch troops left .
" They help our security forces a great deal in security matters here , " said Mr Hamdam told the BBC .
" In many districts they work together with the Afghan National Army , and they help in developmental projects .
" They are constructing bridges , schools , roads and assisting in many other educational projects . "
Nato officials have issued a message of reassurance about the alliance 's operations in Afghanistan , amid uncertainty about the future of the Dutch military contribution .
Alliance spokesman James Appathurai said whatever happened , the Afghan people should know that Nato would " continue to provide support to them as long as necessary " .
2010 commitment Just under 2,000
Dutch service personnel have been serving in the southern Afghan province of Uruzgan since 2006 , with 21 killed .
Their deployment has already been extended once .
Where there is no trust , it is difficult to work together
Jan Peter Balkenende
The troops should have returned home in 2008 , but they stayed on because no other Nato nation offered replacements .
The commitment is now due to end in August 2010 .
The Dutch parliament voted in October 2009 that it must definitely stop by then , although the government has yet to endorse that vote .
Mr Balkenende 's centre - right Christian Democrats wanted to agree to Nato 's request to extend the Dutch presence in Afghanistan .
But this was bitterly opposed by the Dutch Labour Party .
The finance minister and leader of the Labour Party , Wouter Bos , demanded an immediate ruling from Mr Balkenende .
When they failed to reach a compromise , Labour said it was pulling out of the coalition .
Nato priority Mr Balkenende said he would offer the cabinet 's resignation to the Dutch Queen Beatrix later on Saturday following the collapse of the government .
ANALYSIS By Geraldine Coughlan
BBC News , The Hague The Defence Ministry says the future of the Dutch mission in Afghanistan depends on the new government .
But a new government may prove difficult to establish .
Opinion polls suggest that a handful of parties may be needed to form a coalition .
They also suggest the right - wing opposition Freedom Party , which has called for an end to the Afghan mission , could be the big winner in the general election .
It was announced after a 16 - hour cabinet meeting which ran into the early hours of Saturday morning .
The prime minister said there was no common ground between the parties .
" Where there is no trust , it is difficult to work together .
There is no good path to allow this cabinet to go further , " he said .
The launch in 2001 of Nato 's International Security Assistance Force ( Isaf ) for Afghanistan was the organisation 's first and largest ground operation outside Europe .
Secretary - General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said six months ago when he began his job that his priority was the war in Afghanistan .
As of October 2009 , Isaf had more than 71,000 personnel from 42 different countries including the US , Canada , European countries , Australia , Jordan and New Zealand .
The US provides the bulk of foreign forces in Afghanistan , and President Barack Obama has announced an extra 30,000 American troops for Afghanistan .
The Pentagon has said the next 18 months could prove crucial for the international mission in Afghanistan , after more than eight years of efforts to stabilise the country .
Afghanistan remains a deadly place for foreign forces .
Suicide attacks on Afghan civilians and roadside bomb strikes on international troops are common , with the Taliban strongly resurgent in many areas of the country .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Greece under European Union diktat
11 February 2010
For the first time since the introduction of its common currency , the European Union has made a country subject to its diktat .
The European Commission intends to rigorously supervise the brutal austerity programme by which the Greek government plans to cut its budget deficit from 13 to 3 percent of the country ’s gross domestic product within two years .
The basis for the virtual dictatorship of the EU bureaucracy is a plan submitted in January by the Greek government to the European Commission .
The plan envisages an overall reduction in public expenditure of 10 percent , public service wage cuts and job cuts , a two - year increase in the retirement age , cuts in the health service , and higher taxes , including a tax surcharge on fuel .
The European Union spent three weeks examining the plan and intends to review its implementation every one to three months .
If the Greek government deviates in any way from the plan , Brussels threatens to impose even more sweeping austerity measures .
EU Economics and Currency Commissioner Joaquin Almunia said last week , “ We support and will supervise Greece with all the means at our disposal . ”
He added that the “ reforms ” of the health service , pension entitlements and the job market had “ urgently ” to be implemented .
Any deviation would result in “ immediate additional cost- cutting requirements . ”
In practice , this means that the elected members of the Greek parliament and the Greek government can no longer freely decide on expenditures that affect the lives of millions of citizens .
Sovereignty over the Greek budget lies with non-elected bureaucrats in Brussels , who lack any democratic legitimacy .
The Süddeutsche Zeitung commented that “ the Greek parliament can no longer decide on expenditure without the Europeans casting their eyes on it .
The deputies must nod through the government ’s proposals for wage cuts in the public service , savings in pension entitlements , reforms of the tax and social security systems , as well as the overall cut in public expenditure of around 10 percent .
They have the controllers from Brussels sitting on their shoulders . ”
These check “ every figure , every vote . ”
This development has a significance that extends far beyond Greece .
The Mediterranean country is to serve as a test case for the entire European Union .
It represents merely the tip of the iceberg .
Spain , Portugal , Italy , Ireland and Belgium all have similar high levels of debt , and Austria is in danger of being dragged into the abyss by its ongoing banking crisis .
Even the allegedly “ strong ” eurozone countries such as Germany and France have piled up record deficits .
These debts have arisen from the hundreds of billions pumped into the banks by European governments in order to cover the banks ’ speculative losses and enable them to make fresh profits .
Now , these gaping budget holes are to be plugged at the expense of the working class , with the European Commission assuming the role of chief debt collector for the banks .
Greece provides an especially lucrative prospect for the financial predators .
It must pay 3.5 percentage points more interest on its debt than Germany , although it shares the same currency .
The banks , which can borrow money from the European Central Bank at near - zero interest rates , are able to make an enormous profit lending to Greece at extortionate rates , which they justify on the basis of the country ’s risk of a state bankruptcy .
Meanwhile , the country is being propelled into the vortex of international speculation , which in turn intensifies its budget crisis .
According to the Financial Times , hedge funds and speculators invested around $ 8 billion betting against the euro last Monday , the largest sum ever invested on the expectation of a currency ’s decline .
Many media outlets have drawn a parallel with the speculation against the British pound carried out by George Soros in 1992 , which led the British Central Bank to devalue the pound , resulting in billions in profit for Soros .
The crisis in Greece is attracting the most parasitic representatives of finance capital , whose methods resemble those of the Mafia , with the European Commission serving as the consigliere to the godfathers of finance .
Such ends cannot be achieved through democratic means .
While the PASOK government of Greece , led by George Papandreou , is quite prepared to cooperate with the European Union and prove its readiness to implement radical economic cuts , the Greek population has been robbed of any possibility of influencing policy through democratic means by the EU overlords .
It is only 36 years since the Greek military dictatorship was brought down following 7 years of bloody rule .
A return to a similar state of affairs is not excluded .
The logic of the EU policy points in this direction .
At present , the EU and the financial interests behind it are relying on the social - democratic PASOK , which owes its election victory last October to mass opposition to the right - wing Karamanlis government .
For its part , PASOK relies on the trade unions , which seek to keep growing popular opposition under control by organising disjointed , limited actions aimed merely at letting off steam .
The unions , in turn , rely on the opportunist , pseudo - left parties — the Stalinist Communist Party and the SYRIZA alliance — to provide them with political cover , bolster their efforts to channel popular anger along nationalist lines , and block the development of a socialist and internationalist perspective for the working class .
These organisations , however , are increasingly discredited and could well lose control over the working population .
The likelihood of an open confrontation is growing .
Workers must prepare for such an eventuality by drawing the necessary political conclusions .
The mere fact that all relevant decisions regarding Greek policy are made in Brussels demonstrates that there is no national solution to the crisis .
Those forces — whether from the left or the right of the political spectrum — that seek to delude workers with talk of a national solution are leading them into a dead end .
The globalisation of production and financial markets has long since stripped away the basis for all national programmes .
Greek workers must turn to the European and international working class and fight for a socialist programme based on expropriating the major financial institutions and corporations and placing them under democratic social control .
For their part , workers in Germany , France , Italy , Spain and the other EU countries must take up the cause of the Greek workers .
If the European Commission succeeds in implementing its programme of drastic cuts in Greece , they will be next .
Five years ago , the French and Dutch electorate rejected the draft for a European constitution .
The editorial board of the World Socialist Web Site opposed the constitution , writing : “ Whoever votes ‘ yes ’ is not voting ‘ for Europe , ’ as the proponents of the constitution state .
Such a vote legitimises the bourgeois state , capitalist private property , militarism and imperialist foreign policy .
It legitimises a Europe in which the elementary interests of the population are subordinated to the profit interests of the major corporations and banks . ”
Since then , the European constitution has been imposed by back - door methods , in the form of the Lisbon Treaty , and the warning made by the WSWS has been completely vindicated .
What we further wrote at that time is entirely applicable today :
“ The only alternative to the European Union and its constitution that genuinely embodies the interests of the working class is the United Socialist States of Europe . ”
Peter Schwarz
Peter Schwarz
Nooo !
Yoanna House — winner of ANTM Cycle 2 , and former The Look for Less host — showed up on the red carpet of the CW 's " It 's a Reality " event with an augmented look .
( Click image to view full size . ) [ TMZ ]
Advertisement
LIBRARY Interview with Varg Vikernes ( February 2010 ) Part I. " Belus " .
Joni Jokinen ( Finland ) :
Why did you choose Belus as your theme for the upcoming album ?
You 've already made an ambient album about Belus ( Baldr ) .
Were n't you happy with it ?
Well , in fact I am not happy with any of my previous albums .
That is however rather irrelevant in this context .
Besides ;
The reason I chose this theme is that I know this subject well .
Further , some things have no expiration date , meaning they are as valid today as they were thousands of years ago , when they were created .
Many of our myths fall into that category , including the myth about Belus / Baldr .
Roman Golikov ( Norilsk , Russia ) :
Do you have any plans to make a video clip for one of " Belus " tracks ?
No .
I have no such plans , but I know the record company wants me to .
It is likely that I have been gone for too long to understand the value of such things .
Léo ( Méréville , France ) :
Where was the photo of " Belus " cover taken ?
Why did you choose it ?
The
Anton Semykin ( Ekaterinburg , Russia ) :
Will there be a limited edition of " Belus " with bonuses ?
Again , the record company wanted this .
I on the other hand really do n't like such things , so there will be none .
Emanuel Krstanović ( Koprivnica , Croatia ) :
In which studio was " Belus " recorded ?
The same as all the others ; Grieghallen .
I am too conservative to start using a new studio ...
" If it works , do n't fix it " .
Semen Timofeev ( Russia ) :
What equipment did you use while recording " Belus " album , does it differ much from the one you used to record the début album ?
Belus :
Peavey " Twenty - Three " guitar
Peavey 120 Watt 6505 amp and speaker
Customized bass of high quality
Old 1975 drum kit of unknown brand
High quality mics
Digital recording
Début :
Pearley white Weston guitar of unknown type
Peavey 60 Watt amp / speaker
Marshall 10 Watt amp / speaker
Customized bass of high quality
Drum kit of unknown brand and medium quality
High quality mics
Analogue recording
Unfortunately I used a 10 Watt Marshall for one of the guitars on the
The biggest difference from the first to the latest album is perhaps that I spent at least some time on the production of the album ...
Resurgam ( Russia ) :
You are in debt to Norwegian government for burning churches .
Will the sales return from " Belus " album be used to pay this debt ?
Of course not .
Thanks for asking though .
I really do n't want anyone to believe that a single penny of my or anybody else 's income from Burzum will be used to pay this debt .
The only thing they will ever get from me is the finger , so to speak .
Wyatt Burton ( Dallas , Texas USA ) :
Is there any possibility of a live Burzum show to support " Belus " release ?
It sounds as if half of you have been paid by Byelobog Productions to ask such questions .
My record company certainly wants me to play live , badly , but I have no such plans .
My only motivation to do such a thing would be money , and I do n't think that 's a good reason to play live .
For some reason I like neither to go to concerts nor to play live myself ( and I know , ' cause I did with Old Funeral about a dozen times ) , and I do n't even see how Burzum 's music would fit in a live show .
If I ever find a good reason to play live , then maybe I will , but until then ...
Well , in fact I am not happy with any of my previous albums .
That is however rather irrelevant in this context .
Besides ; " Dauði Baldrs " dealt with the myth until and including Ragnarok .
Belus is an interpretation of the entire myth , and if I may say so ; compared to " Dauði Baldrs " this is an infinitely more enlightened interpretation .
The reason I chose this theme is that I know this subject well .
Further , some things have no expiration date , meaning they are as valid today as they were thousands of years ago , when they were created .
Many of our myths fall into that category , including the myth about Belus / Baldr .
No .
I have no such plans , but I know the record company wants me to .
It is likely that I have been gone for too long to understand the value of such things .
The " Belus " front cover photo was taken about 2 km from my home in Bø .
I chose it because it suited the concept ; Belus is a solar deity , and he remains a mystery on the front cover , because you can not see him .
You can only see the sun rays though the mist .
Also , the deities , all the deities in fact , were originally tree spirits , and therefore I think the tree blocking our view to Belus himself fits perfeclty .
The pine tree blocking our view to Belus is , by the way , dedicated to Kaimadalthas ( Heimdallr [ " world tree " ] ) .
Again , the record company wanted this .
I on the other hand really do n't like such things , so there will be none .
The same as all the others ; Grieghallen .
I am too conservative to start using a new studio ...
" If it works , do n't fix it " .
Belus : Peavey " Twenty - Three " guitarPeavey 120 Watt 6505 amp and speakerCustomized bass of high quality Old 1975 drum kit of unknown brandHigh quality micsDigital recording Pearley white Weston guitar of unknown typePeavey 60 Watt amp / speakerMarshall 10 Watt amp / speakerCustomized bass of high quality Drum kit of unknown brand and medium quality High quality micsAnalogue recordingUnfortunately I used a 10 Watt Marshall for one of the guitars on the début , and I should not have done that .
I used an excellent Peavey 60 Watt amp / speaker for the other guitar , and I really should have used that for both guitars .
I therefore used a 120 Watt Peavey 6505 for both guitars this time .
( I gave away my 60 Watt Peavey during my incarceration , so I had to get a new amp . )
The biggest difference from the first to the latest album is perhaps that I spent at least some time on the production of the album ... Of course not .
Thanks for asking though .
I really do n't want anyone to believe that a single penny of my or anybody else 's income from Burzum will be used to pay this debt .
The only thing they will ever get from me is the finger , so to speak .
It sounds as if half of you have been paid by Byelobog Productions to ask such questions .
My record company certainly wants me to play live , badly , but I have no such plans .
My only motivation to do such a thing would be money , and I do n't think that 's a good reason to play live .
For some reason I like neither to go to concerts nor to play live myself ( and I know , ' cause I did with Old Funeral about a dozen times ) , and I do n't even see how Burzum 's music would fit in a live show .
If I ever find a good reason to play live , then maybe I will , but until then ...
Part II .
Past .
Ich ( Russia ) : The " Black Spell Of Destruction " song from the début Burzum album contains the following lines : " Damkuna , Iftraga Sheb Nigurepur , Dafast " .
What does it mean ?
Is there a link between " Sheb Nigurepur " and Howard Lovecraft ’s Shub - Niggurath ?
There might be a link .
In the 80ies I sometimes played the " Call of Cthulu " role playing game , and through that discovered the writer H.P. Lovecraft , and the ( fictional ) book " Necronomicon " .
As far as I can remember I made up that " spell " myself though , but maybe I had the Lovecraftian lore in my mind when I did .
You certainly have a point when you point at the similarity .
Oh , I almost forgot ; it does n't mean anything .
It is just supposed to be a " spell " destroying the world as we know it ... covering it in " burzum " ( darkness ) .
Alex Jardine ( Lone Pine , Pennsylvania , USA ) :
What books have inspired you most of all en route to your Asatru beliefs ?
My Asatru beliefs ?
Asatru means " belief in spirits " , or " belief in ( Norse ) gods " if you wish to stick to the younger interpretations , and I can assure you that I do n't believe in any spirits or deities whatsoever .
I see all such beliefs as plain ignorance , or in fact as evidence of lacking intelligence .
I know too much about religion to be religious , so to speak , and I am not that stupid either .
( See the article
In other words we cannot speak about my " beliefs " .
Instead we should speak about my " interest in " , and if we do I can tell that the original Norse texts inspired me the most to find out more about what you call Asatru , and more so the pre-religious world view known as Seið ( " tradition " ) .
The
Michelle Carr ( Leon , France ) :
What was the real reason for the escape from the prison back in 2003 ?
Why ?
Have I ever given any unreal reasons for the " escape " from prison back in 2003 ?
You know , my French friend ; this is complicated , and I might perhaps write about this later on , in a book or something , but not now and not in an interview like this .
Jason Mehlhorn ( Dublin , Ireland ) :
How did you spend your first day out of prison last year ?
I spent the whole day travelling from Tromsø in Troms to Bø in Telemark .
Vadim S. ( Moscow , Russia ) :
Have you ever experienced drugs ?
Certainly I have experienced drugs ; too often I have experiences how annoying others become when they take drugs ... but no : I have never taken drugs myself .
I am not that stupid .
There might be a link .
In the 80ies I sometimes played the " Call of Cthulu " role playing game , and through that discovered the writer H.P. Lovecraft , and the ( fictional ) book " Necronomicon " .
As far as I can remember I made up that " spell " myself though , but maybe I had the Lovecraftian lore in my mind when I did .
You certainly have a point when you point at the similarity .
Oh , I almost forgot ; it does n't mean anything .
It is just supposed to be a " spell " destroying the world as we know it ... covering it in " burzum " ( darkness ) .
My Asatru beliefs ?
Asatru means " belief in spirits " , or " belief in ( Norse ) gods " if you wish to stick to the younger interpretations , and I can assure you that I do n't believe in any spirits or deities whatsoever .
I see all such beliefs as plain ignorance , or in fact as evidence of lacking intelligence .
I know too much about religion to be religious , so to speak , and I am not that stupid either .
( See the article " Religion or Reason " on this website . )
In other words we cannot speak about my " beliefs " .
Instead we should speak about my " interest in " , and if we do I can tell that the original Norse texts inspired me the most to find out more about what you call Asatru , and more so the pre-religious world view known as Seið ( " tradition " ) .
The " Belus " lyrics are all about Seið , by the way .
Only the album titles refers to the deities / mythology ... Why ?
Have I ever given any unreal reasons for the " escape " from prison back in 2003 ?
You know , my French friend ; this is complicated , and I might perhaps write about this later on , in a book or something , but not now and not in an interview like this .
I spent the whole day travelling from Tromsø in Troms to Bø in Telemark .
Certainly I have experienced drugs ; too often I have experiences how annoying others become when they take drugs ... but no : I have never taken drugs myself .
I am not that stupid .
Part III .
Present .
Jean - Daniel Bouchard ( Montréal , Canada ) :
How are you taken by the members of the modern Black Metal scene in Norway ?
In no way .
Alexandr Antonov ( Kharkiv , the Ukraine ) :
Do you keep in touch with your fellows of the early 1990s Norwegian metal scene ?
I 've been in touch with my friends in Darkthrone and Mayhem , as well as the old Uruk - Hai drummer .
The others , it turned out , were not my friends .
Wyatt Burton ( Dallas , Texas USA ) :
Is there a possibility of collaboration with Fenriz again or any other musicians in future ?
Fenriz is a great guy and I like him a lot , but just like me he is somewhat " difficult " , and I think we work best on our own , alone .
Generally speaking I do n't like ( other ) musicians , and I see no reason to collaborate with anybody .
I am satisfied with my own skills as a musician , and like I mentioned already in this interview , I have no plans to play live .
Aleksander Hinchliffe ( Lillehammer , Norway ) :
What are your views on each season of a year ?
Right now I think of Paganism when asked about the season , and the relation between the seasons and lunar phases , the elements , deities and life phases in the ancient world view .
Winter - Lunar Eclipse - Air - Tíwaz - Rebirth
Spring - Waxing Moon - Earth - Ertho - Birth
Summer - Full Moon - Fire - Sowili - Life
Autumn - Waning Moon - Water - Máni - Death
( New Year 's Day - [ No Moon Phase ] - Spirit - Haimadalthaz - [ No Life Phase ] )
Other than that I do n't think too much about the seasons .
They are all nice in their own way , and I appreciate them all .
Stanislav Tretyakov ( Perm , Russia ) :
What do you value most of all in your life ?
That 's too personal .
Or what if I say " how the evening light in the late summer elevates the beauty of Mother Earth " ?
Inna Matviec and Radjiv Hairetdinov ( Ufa , Russia ) :
Are you a vegetarian ?
What is your opinion on vegetarianism ?
No , I am not a vegetarian .
For some time I tried to be a semi-vegetarian , eating only fish , birds , and no red meat , but ...
I do n't know if I have an opinion on vegetarianism .
I think we would have been better off without agriculture and even domestication of animals .
We were stronger and more healthy as a species when we were hunter - gatherers .
And we were fewer ...
The Stone Age hunter - gatherers surely were n't vegetarians ...
Anthony Bloxham ( UK ) : How do you feel about the world now that America has its first black president ?
Well , " mulatto " is more like it .
He is n't " black " .
Anyway , I do n't feel anything .
The president in the USA is and has always been just a puppet for the true masters of the USA .
Whether this puppet is white or black , yellow or brown , Democrat or Republican , or whatever , does n't matter .
The true rulers of the USA are the individuals working in the background , oh and by the way ; they certainly all have the same ethnicity ...
Vladimir Panteleev ( Vladimir , Russia ) :
What are your views on astrology ?
Astrology is interesting , but not very accurate .
It 's a science I do n't trust very much .
I have yet to see an accurate horoscope ... and I think most individuals who believe in astrology do because it flatters them .
Franmir ( Coahuila , Mexico ) :
Do you have a job ?
Yes , I work as a musician ...
Kurt Ahlstrand ( Arboga , Sweden ) :
What do you think about skinhead movement ?
I guess it 's a part of the immune system of the nation , and a natural reaction to an unhealthy development .
Part IV .
Future .
Jean - Daniel Bouchard ( Montréal , Canada ) :
How do you see the future of Burzum ?
You should ask an astrologist about that ...
Well , I do n't know what to say .
I live one day at the time .
Time shall tell .
Max Ross ( Dallas , USA ) :
What other themes rather than Scandinavian mythology may become a subject of future Burzum albums ?
Everything and nothing .
Maybe European pre-mythological sorcery traditions .
I really do n't know .
Uriy Kazaryan ( Odessa , the Ukraine ) :
What do you think about the end of the world and prophesies about it , will it ever happen ?
What is your opinion about year 2012 and rumors around it ?
Well , the 2012 thing is a Mayan myth .
These guys cut out the hearts of human victims as part of their primitive religion .
They did this less than 500 years ago .
I do n't think we should pay much attention to what these savages said about the future .
Realistically , we risk an end to human life on this planet only if our planet is struck by a large object from outer space , or if we start a nuclear war .
We will however sooner or later see an end to the current world order , but exactly when and how this will happen is not possible to know .
I hope sooner rather than later .
Artem Treshin ( St. - Petersburg , Russia ) : Was the farm an expensive purchase ?
How are you planning to use it ?
By Norwegian standards it 's not very expensive .
A similar house in Oslo or Bergen cost at least twice that amount , a similar property at least ten times as much .
I am planning to use it only as a residence .
The forest is my only neighbour , so it is a nice place to live .
Skalder Franz ( Franconia , Germany ) :
Now that you 're out of prison are you planning on traveling somewhere or is there any country , region or site you want to visit ?
If I could I would never leave my home .
I am about as adventurous as the average hobbit .
Unfortunately I have to do some travelling though , for different reasons , and every now and then .
In fact I drove through Germany a few weeks ago .
Andrey Kazakov ( Novokuibishevsk , Russia ) :
Any plans to visit Russia some day ?
If the Tel Aviv - controlled NATO criminals ever attack Russia I will go , as a volunteer for the Russian Army , but other than that I have no plans to go to Russia .
Like I said before ; I am not very adventurous .
Dmitriy Komyakov ( Chelyabinsk , Russia ) :
Are there in your opinion any effective measures that may be taken against islamization of Europe ?
Yes .
The most effective measure would of course be to get rid of the " elected " governments in Europe , by voting for so - called right wing extremist parties , but if that fails we can always -- and probably will eventually -- use the Richard Lionheart method . :-)
Tao Bai ( Harbin , China ) :
Do you have any plans to make a side - project to play other kind of music and explore other musical styles ?
No , but I do n't rule out doing such a thing .
I think I will keep Burzum a metal band , and if I decide to publish other types of music I will do this under other names .
Website search :
On the Chromium blog , Mike Belshe and Roberto Peon write about an early - stage research project called SPDY ( " speedy " ) .
Unhappy with the performance of the venerable hypertext transfer protocol ( HTTP ) , researchers at Google think they can do better .
The main problem with HTTP is that today , it 's used in a way that it was n't designed to be used .
HTTP is very efficient at transferring an individual file .
But it was n't designed to transfer a large number of small files efficiently , and this is exactly what the protocol is called upon to do with today 's websites .
Pages with 60 or more images , CSS files , and external JavaScript are not unusual for high - profile Web destinations .
Loading all those individual files mostly takes time because of all the overhead of separately requesting them and waiting for the TCP sessions HTTP runs over to probe the network capacity and ramp up their transmission speed .
Browsers can either send requests to the same server over one session , in which case small files can get stuck behind big ones , or set up parallel HTTP / TCP sessions where each must ramp up from minimum speed individually .
With all the extra features and cookies , an HTTP request is often almost a kilobyte in size , and takes precious dozens of milliseconds to transmit .
In an attempt to avoid these issues , SPDY uses a single SSL - encrypted session between a browser and a client , and then compresses all the request / response overhead .
The requests , responses , and data are all put into frames that are multiplexed over the one connection .
This makes it possible to send a higher - priority small file without waiting for the transfer of a large file that 's already in progress to terminate .
Compressing the requests is helpful in typical ADSL / cable setups , where uplink speed is limited .
For good measure , unnecessary and duplicated headers in requests and responses are done away with .
SPDY also includes real server push and a " server hint " feature .
On the SPDY white paper page , the Google researchers show a speed increase of up to 50 percent .
So should we all praise Google and switch to SPDY forthwith ?
Not quite yet .
With the mandatory SSL encryption and gzip compression , SPDY will hit server and client CPUs much harder than traditional HTTP .
Of course HTTP also runs over SSL in many cases , but there 's also lots of content out there that does n't need encryption .
Making SSL mandatory is a strange move that has the potential to increase the number of people who do n't bother getting a proper certificate for their server , meaning that users will become even more blas� about ignoring the resulting security warnings .
This , in turn , would pave the way for more man - in - the - middle attacks .
On small devices , SSL slows down the communication significantly , and because it can't be cached , SSL - protected sites are often slower on big machines as well .
The extra CPU cycles also mean that more servers are needed to handle the same number of clients .
It also looks like this protocol is designed by Web people , rather than network people .
How the IETF applications area will respond to this effort is a big unknown .
For instance , one thing that is n't mentioned in the protocol specification is how a browser knows that it should set up a SPDY connection rather than an HTTP connection .
Are we going to see SPDY :// in URLs rather than HTTP :// ?
That would n't work with browsers that do n't support the new protocol .
It 's for reasons like this that the IETF is n't a big fan of replacing protocols wholesale .
It 's much more in line with the IETF way of doing things to add the new features proposed in SPDY to a new — but backward - compatible — version of HTTP .
Designing a new protocol that does everything better than an existing protocol usually is n't the hard part .
The real difficulty comes in providing an upgrade path that allows all the Internet users to upgrade to the new protocol in their own time such that everything keeps working at every point along that path .
This is something the SPDY developers recognize .
There are proposals for running HTTP over SCTP , a protocol similar to TCP , but with the ability to multiplex several data streams within a single session .
That would have some of the same advantages as SPDY .
Unfortunately , most home gateways do n't know about SCTP and can only handle TCP and UDP , so HTTP over SCTP would face a long , uphill battle , not unlike IPv6 , but without the ticking clock that counts down the available IP v4 addresses .
That said , it 's good to see interest in improving the underlying technologies that power the Web , and Google should be applauded for taking the discussion in a new direction .
There 's still a lot to be done in this space .
Home is not a place ...
It ’s a feeling .
In Habita we have the best of two worlds :
The service , the security and the facilities of a hotel , and the price and independence of an airbnb , with the guarantee of a five star superhost .
Either for a temporary assignment business trip or just because you ’re a slow traveller , you will feel that Habita is more than a place to stay : is a Home to live .
So here I am , waiting at the border , on a mission to understand , with my equations , who is at risk of becoming a drug trafficker , how labor incentives affect crime rates and violence , why kidnapping and extortion and homicide have spiked in recent years .
In this violent world , with the man in the blue Chevy whispering at me behind the window , math is my shield .
Speaking up about drugs is in these parts a dangerous game .
But not if you speak in the language of sigma and conditional expectations .
Math protects me from the immediacy of the violence , and it protects me from them .
The beauty of my method lies in its simplicity .
With mathematics I ’m able to codify and simplify reality to make it manageable and , more important , malleable .
I represent each possible individual as an equation in which each term symbolizes tastes , goals , profession and abilities .
All people get portrayed : Policemen , politicians , citizens and drug cartels start living in this mathematical world as planes and hyperplanes and , as in real life , they interact and affect one another , sometimes colluding , sometimes colliding , sometimes neither .
I then use optimization to predict the form of interaction that will be the most probable to emerge and remain over time .
Math starts speaking .
It tells me , for example , under what conditions the outcome would be a drug war ; when would the government prefer to cooperate with cartels ; or when cruel intra-cartel purges will become the norm .
Things become even more fascinating .
For example , what would be the maximum percentage of the Mexican population that could turn to drug trafficking if wage inequality doubled .
Simple :
In this abstract microcosmos , reality can be frozen or just slightly changed .
I move and look at my hyperplanes from different angles .
Let ’s change the penalty code .
No , let ’s increase patrolling .
Or reduce wages .
Allow less contact between policemen and dealers .
Assume the police force is corrupt .
Assume it is not .
I solve the equations and there it is .
My answers come as Greek letters and probabilities .
I know , I know , this is weird .
I have always wanted to contribute to Mexico ’s well - being .
I once believed that the way to do so was to study economics and political science and then work for the government .
But I never expected that my means of trying to save my country would be math .
Now I surprise myself from time to time in doing things that three years ago I did not even know were possible .
This is n't " defense . "
The new budget from the White House will push U.S. military spending well above $ 2 billion a day .
Foreclosing the future of our country should not be confused with defending it .
" Unless miraculous growth , or miraculous political compromises , creates some unforeseen change over the next decade , there is virtually no room for new domestic initiatives for Mr. Obama or his successors , " the New York Times reports this morning ( February 2 ) .
It is n't defense to preclude new domestic initiatives for a country that desperately needs them : for healthcare , jobs , green technologies , carbon reduction , housing , education , nutrition , mass transit . . .
" When a nation becomes obsessed with the guns of war , social programs must inevitably suffer , " Martin Luther King Jr. pointed out .
" We can talk about guns and butter all we want to , but when the guns are there with all of its emphasis you do n't even get good oleo .
These are facts of life . "
At least Lyndon Johnson had a " war on poverty . "
For a while anyway , till his war on Vietnam destroyed it .
Since then , waving the white flag at widespread poverty -- usually by leaving it unmentioned -- has been a political fact of life in Washington .
Oratory can be nice , but budget numbers tell us where an administration is headed .
In 2010 , this one is marching up a steep military escalator , under the banner of " defense . "
Legitimate defense would cost a mere fraction of this budget .
By autumn , the Pentagon is scheduled to have a total of 100,000 uniformed U.S. troops -- and a comparable number of private contract employees -- in Afghanistan , where the main beneficiaries are the recruiters for Afghan insurgent forces and the profiteers growing even richer under the wing of Karzai - government corruption .
After three decades of frequent carnage and extreme poverty in Afghanistan , a new influx of lethal violence is arriving via the Defense Department .
That 's the cosmetically named agency in charge of sending U.S. soldiers to endure and inflict unspeakable horrors .
New waves of veterans will return home to struggle with grievous physical and emotional injuries .
Without a fundamental change in the nation 's direction , they 'll be trying to resume their lives in a society ravaged by budget priorities that treat huge military spending as sacrosanct .
" At $ 744 billion , the military budget -- including military programs outside the Pentagon , such as the Department of Energy 's nuclear weapons management -- is a budget of add - ons rather than choices , " says Miriam Pemberton at the Institute for Policy Studies .
" And it makes the imbalance between spending on military vs. non-military security tools worse . "
Of course the corporate profits for military contractors are humongous .
The executive director of the National Priorities Project , Jo Comerford , offers this context : " The Obama administration has handed us the largest Pentagon budget since World War II , not including the $ 160 billion in war funding for Iraq and Afghanistan . "
The word " defense " is inherently self - justifying .
But it begs the question : Just what is being defended ?
For the United States , an epitaph on the horizon says : " We had to destroy our country in order to defend it . "
As new sequences of political horrors unfold , maybe it's a bit too easy for writers and readers of the progressive blogosphere to remain within the politics of online denunciation .
Cogent analysis and articulated outrage are necessary but insufficient .
The unmet challenge is to organize widely , consistently and effectively -- against the warfare state -- on behalf of humanistic priorities .
In the process , let 's be clear .
This is not a defense budget .
This is a death budget .
Wanna be lazy and productive at the same time ?
Try a nap — because napping can improve learning .
So said U.C. Berkeley ’s Matthew Walker February 21st at the meeting of the American Association for the Advancement of Science in San Diego .
He followed two groups of adults who went through rigorous memory exercises .
Then one group took a 90 - minute snooze .
In follow up tests , the nappers performed even better than their first tries .
The nonnappers got worse .
This evidence supports the hypothesis that sleep , specifically the first 70 - to - 90 - minute stage of sleep — the length of a common nap — clears out the hippocampus , the area for short - term memory .
Says Walker : “ Your memories do not stay in the same location , that they are actually transferred from one storage site to a different storage site .
And the one storage site where they begin is a structure called the hippocampus .
And the end site where they may go is up into the cortex , this large hard drive reservoir of information . ”
After a nap , “ Your hippocampal informational inbox of memory email is now cleared out . ”
Definitely not a tired argument .
— Christie Nicholson
Posted by John , February 18th , 2010 - under Rudd Government , Rudd Labor , Social services .
The Business Council of Australia has a plan – a plan to make the poor and working people of Australia pay for the crises of capitalism .
In its Budget submission the BCA argues the Government must reduce the budget deficit .
This fear of deficits is a conservative furphy .
Our Government debt is one of the lowest in the developed world as a percentage of GDP and contrary to Barnaby Joyce ’s calamitous caterwauling , we are not going to default on it .
And the Government will argue , perhaps with a modicum of truth , that its $ 52 bn stimulus package helped Australia avoid recession ( for the time being anyway ) .
The Business Council wants the Government to stop approving any more stimulus spending .
Yet there is little evidence that big business has systematically taken the place of Government in generating growth and jobs .
The BCA also wants the Government to tighten eligibility and / or means test some of the top spending programs .
They wo n’t actually nominate which ones , but ABC radio ’s Stephen Long helpfully gave us a list .
In an interview with Peter Crone from the BCA Long said :
Leave aside payments to the states and the top 10 in that list of programs includes in descending order : the aged pension , family tax benefits , Medicare , disability pensions , unemployment benefits and pharmaceutical benefits .
Tightening eligibility and means testing is code for cutting these programs .
If the BCA has its way less people will be getting the pension , Medicare , subsidised medicines and unemployment and disability payments .
The left should argue for the universality of benefits and a tax system which taxes the rich .
To support means testing is to support attacks on ordinary workers and the less well off .
The BCA does n’t mention cutting defence spending , which under Rudd Labor is set to increase 3 percent in real terms per annum for the next 7 years .
Something else the BCA does n’t mention is tax expenditures .
These are disguised grants through the tax system .
Treasury estimates that about $ 100 bn in revenue is foregone through this disguised grants system .
Much of this hidden expenditure goes to business .
Disguised expenditures for business good , pensions bad , BCA ?
Labor is already doing some of what the BCA suggests with its attacks on family benefits and pension eligibility , not to mention increasing the pension age to 67 .
The BCA wants to go further .
While it says it does n’t support raising the pension age to 73 ‘ at this stage ’ , it thinks that is the sort of initiative governments will need to take to address the ageing population over the next 40 years .
The logic of capitalism is impeccable .
The benefits of living longer are really costs .
The bosses ’ club want to make us work longer for living longer .
But is n’t the point of all these great new medical advances and technology meant to be so we can have better and longer lives to enjoy ourselves , not waste it working for bosses like the BCA ?
Well actually no – the whole point of all these advances and new productive ways of doing things is not to reduce the working week or retirement age – it ’s to make profit for the BCA and their mates .
That actually means increasing the working day and age of retirement to counteract low profit rates .
Labor is not going to adopt the BCA recommendations holus bolus .
But because the ALP shares a conservative capitalist economic worldview with the BCA , it will take actions similar to those big capital suggests at a stage it judges convenient in both the political and economic cycles .
Lindsay Tanner is sharpening his razor .
The Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade ( DFAT ) has poured cold water on speculation Australia would adopt a " three strikes " rule , which would see ISPs cut off subscribers that were found to have shared copyright protected files on more than two occasions .
The " three strikes " rule was reported to be on the agenda of the ACTA Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement being forged between the United States and allies including Australia , Canada , Japan , New Zealand and nations within the European Union .
Parties to the agreement met in Mexico last week ( between January 26 and 29 ) .
According to a story in The Financial Times [ registration required ] , the " secret talks " last week involved discussions aimed at forging an agreement that would force Internet Service Providers ( ISPs ) in each of the countries to take greater responsibility for the activities of their subscribers .
The options allegedly up for discussion included adoption of the " three strikes " rule passed last year in France .
But a spokesman for DFAT denied any such idea was on the table at the talks in Mexico .
The Australian delegation , led by DFAT and including representatives of the Attorney General 's Department , Customs and IP Australia , did not discuss the issue , the spokesman said .
" There is no recommendation that Parties agree to legislate a " three - strikes " rule , and no discussions endorsing such a recommendation took place in Mexico , " the spokesman said .
" Australia already has copyright laws to encourage ISPs and copyright owners to work together to deter copyright infringements over the internet . "
DFAT expects the parties to engage in " three to four " further rounds of talks in 2010 , " with further discussions in 2011 possible . "
Anyone for Perl 6 metaprogramming ?
My last post about the Metaprogramming : Ruby vs. Javascript blog post stirred a little thought in my head :
How would it look in Perl 6 ?
Well here goes , the complete example written in Perl 6 which runs on Rakudo , an implementation of the Perl 6 spec on the Parrot VM :
use v6 ; class Ninja { has Str $. name is rw ; } my Ninja $ drew .= new ( name => ' Drew ' ) ; my Ninja $ adam .= new ( name => ' Adam ' ) ; ###########################################################
# Reopen Ninja class ( " is also " does the biz ) # and add ' battle_cry ' method class Ninja is also { method battle_cry { say $. name ~ ' says zing !!!' ; } } $ drew.battle_cry ; # =>
Drew says zing !!!
$ adam.battle_cry ; # =>
Adam says zing !!!
###########################################################
# add ' throw_star ' method to $ drew object by creating # and applying ( " does " ) role to it ( Singleton method ) role ThrowStar { method throw_star { say " throwing star " } } $ drew does ThrowStar ; $ drew.throw_star ; # => throwing a star ###########################################################
# call method dynamically : $ obj.'method_name ' or $ obj.$method $ drew.'battle_cry ' ; # =>
Drew says zing !!!
########################################################### # add " colour " method closing over $ colour_name ( ie. closure ) : my $ colour_name = ' black ' ; class Ninja is also { method colour { say " {$.name} 's colour is {$colour_name} " } } $ drew.colour ; # =>
Drew 's colour is black $ adam.colour ; # =>
Adam 's colour is black ###########################################################
# " defining a method dynamically on an instance that closes # over local scope and accesses the instance ’s state " my $ sword_symbol = '********'; $ drew.^add_method( ' swing ' , method ( Str $ sound_effect ) { say " {$.name} : { $sword_symbol} { $sound_effect} " ; } ) ; $ drew.swing ( ' slash !!' ) ; # => Drew : ********* slash !!
Of all the examples ( in Perl 5 / Moose , Ruby , Javascript & Python ) I think this one is the most clean and intuitive .
Perl 6 has a good future if it keeps this up !
And it all went surprising smoothly .
There were a couple of bumps in my Perl 6 road but these are all connected to the flux between the Perl 6 spec , Rakudo and knowing what info you find on the web is still accurate ( or not ) .
First bump was how to re-open a class .
Most Perl 6 documentation implied that classes were always open ( unless is final was used ) .
This no longer seemed to be the case and it gave examples of class A is augmented { ... } .
However this did n’t work in Rakudo but eventually I came across is also which did .
I like the look of class A is also { ... } .
However Moritz on IRC # perl6 mentioned that the Perl 6 spec had changed so my example would need to be :
augment class Ninja { method battle_cry { say $.name ~ ' says zing !!!' ; } }
Rakudo is currently a bit behind Perl 6 spec here but above will replace is also shortly .
The change to augment makes sense because it avoids any confusion with roles in the class declaration .
The second bump was how to create a method dynamically .
Now being familiar with Moose I had expected the following to work :
Ninja.meta.add_method ( ' swing ' , method ( Str $ sound_effect ) { say " {$.name} : { $sword_symbol} { $sound_effect} " ; } ) ;
And according to most Perl 6 docs . meta was the method to access the metaclass ( MOP ) .
However meta produced a method not defined error 😦
Trawling the web further I did find that you could do :
Ninja.swing = method { say " Changed to zing " } ;
But this only allowed you to redefine a method , not create a new one .
Luckily IRC # perl6 came to the rescue again !
jnthn & Moritz pointed me to $ object.^add_method( ... ) and the docs on the ng branch of Rakudo on Github .
Perl6 does have some beautiful syntax .
I love the $ drew does Throwstar line .
Soon Rakudo will be able to do :
$ drew does role { method throw_star { say " throwing star " } } ;
So this , augment and probably lots more will be part of the ng branch which will be merged with the Rakudo master in the not too distant future .
/ I3az /
Am Diens­tag wird das Bun­des­ver­fas­sungs­ge­richt sein Urteil in Sachen Vor­rats­da­ten­spei­che­rung spre­chen und der Prä­si­dent hat – rau­nend wie ein „ Lost ” - Trailer – schon ein „ Urteil mit Bedeu­tung für ganz Euro­pa ” ange­kün­digt .
Die CDU - FDP - Koali­ti­on hin­ge­gen wagt einen aben­teu­er­li­chen Spa­gat zwi­schen der Inkraft­set­zung eines par­la­men­ta­risch beschlos­se­nen Geset­zes und einer Anwei­sung an die betrof­fe­ne Behör­de , die­ses nicht umzu­set­zen und lieb­äu­gelt dabei damit , irgend­wann heim­lich , still und lei­se die Nicht­um­set­zung fal­len zu las­sen .
Und mit einem Regu­lie­rungs­kon­zept auf Län­der­ebe­ne , des­sen Wur­zeln aus der Vor-Inter­net - Ära stam­men , wird mal wie­der Hand an die freie Mei­nungs­äu­ße­rung gelegt .
Seufz
Researchers have measured the degradation of the planet 's soil using the Life Cycle Assessment ( LCA ) , a scientific methodology that analyses the environmental impact of human activities , and which now for the first time includes indicators on desertification .
The results show that 38 percent of the world is made up of arid regions at risk of desertification .
" Despite improvements in the LCA , it has a methodological weakness , which is a lack of environmental impact categories to measure the effect of human activities such as cultivation or grazing on the soil , " Montserrat Núñez , lead author and a researcher at the Institute of Agro Food Research and Technology ( IRTA ) , said .
The research , published in the latest issue of the International Journal of Life Cycle Assessment , is the first study in the world to include the impact of desertification in the LCA , based on classifying 15 natural areas or " eco-regions " according to their degree of aridity .
By simultaneously using the LCA and a Geographic Information System ( GIS ) , the researchers have shown that eight of these 15 areas can be classified as at risk of desertification , representing 38 % of the land surface of the world .
The eight natural areas at risk are coastal areas , the Prairies , the Mediterranean region , the savannah , the temperate Steppes , the temperate deserts , tropical and subtropical Steppes , and the tropical and subtropical deserts .
" The greatest risk of desertification ( 7.6 out of 10 on a scale produced using various desertification indicators ) is in the subtropical desert regions -- North Africa , the countries of the Middle East , Australia , South West China and the western edge of South America , " the scientist explains .
These are followed by areas such as the Mediterranean and the tropical and subtropical Steppes , both of which score 6.3 out of 10 on the scale of desertification risk .
Coastal areas and the Prairies are at a lower risk of desertification , with 4 out of 10 .
" Unsustainable land use may lead to soil becoming degraded .
If this happens in arid , semi-arid and dry sub - humid regions , such as Spain , this degradation is known as desertification , and the effects can be irreversible , because they lead to areas becoming totally unproductive , " says Núñez , who worked on the study with scientists from the Autonomous University of Barcelona and the National Technological University in Mendoza , Argentina .
In order to establish their methodology , the researchers used four biophysical variables that are the main causes of desertification -- aridity , erosion , over - exploitation of aquifers and risk of fire .
" This makes it possible to satisfactorily evaluate the impact of desertification of a particular human activity , and compare the impact of the same activity in a different place , or the impact of different activities carried out in the same place , " explains the researcher .
The methodology proposed by the scientists is currently being put to use in various case studies in Spain and Argentina .
Completing the study of desertification
The new research shows that using the LCA in combination with GIS makes it easier to adapt the LCA to study the impacts of land use , not only in the case of desertification , but also in terms of loss of biodiversity , erosion , or even water consumption .
This new methodology will provide the Life Cycle Assessment ( LCA ) with an environmental impact category that will make it possible to measure " the desertification potential caused by any human activity , " adds Núñez .
The Life Cycle Assessment ( LCA ) is a scientific methodology that objectively analyses the environmental impacts of an activity or process , taking in the full cycle , from extraction of raw materials right through to management of the waste generated at the end of this material 's useful life .
There are a lot of married British ladies over 35 out there who never have sex — and it's their husbands ' fault .
But it 's not just married British ladies with this problem .
Women everywhere have a fucking problem .
The widespread , but apparently mistaken , notion is that women are the ones who are " too tired " or " have a headache . "
But according to this study quoted in the Daily News , it 's the dudes who are n't in the mood .
This was borne out in conversations with several ladyfriends of mine .
" Our sex life was great for the first year , " says a 29 - year - old editor I 'll call Liane .
" Then we started doing it less and less , and I was always the one initiating . "
Liane and her boyfriend have been living together for a year and a half , and co-habitation has just made things worse .
" Now it 's like we 're roommates , not lovers .
He 's really affectionate , but we hardly ever have actual penis - in - vagina sex .
I 'm dying here . "
One wonders , of course , why Liane and her boyfriend do not simply break up .
" That would seem to be the logical thing to do , would n't it ? " she says .
" I do love him , though .
I do n't really know what to do .
If I suspected he was cheating , it would be easier to break up with him . "
And indeed , cheating is often the cause of the loss of interest !
( Or a weird gain in interest . )
A 30 - year - old blogger I 'll call Jill had been dating her boyfriend for almost a year and a half when he lost nearly all interest in sex .
" And this was after he used to BEG ME to have sex all the time , " she says .
" He had effectively emotionally ' pulled out ' of the relationship and so was no longer interested in doing it . "
Jill tried to talk to him about it , she says , but he would brush her off , saying he was " too stressed out . "
But in reality , he had moved to a new city " and realized he could have terrible sex with dozens of girls instead of just me , " she says .
And she cautions : " Do n't ever believe them when they say they 're too stressed out for sex .
He just does n't want to do it with you anymore . "
A 32 - year - old woman I 'll call Katherine , who lives in Park Slope , says she realized early on in her relationship with her now - ex - husband that she had a higher sex drive than he did — but it was n't an issue until a couple years into their relationship , when it went way down .
" When we talked about it , it felt so weird and Twilight Zone-y , " Katherine says .
" I am a woman !
You are a man !
How come i want it and you do n't ?
But he maintained throughout that he does n't have that high a drive . "
The Daily News blamed a number of factors : the rise in Internet pornography , the recession , performance anxiety .
Is this what happens in life , to everyone ?
It 's all too depressing to even contemplate .
[ Photo via Flickr / peterkellystudios ]
It wo n’t have escaped many of our readers ’ notice that there has been what can only be described as a media frenzy ( mostly in the UK ) with regards to climate change in recent weeks .
The coverage has contained more bad reporting , misrepresentation and confusion on the subject than we have seen in such a short time anywhere .
While the UK newspaper scene is uniquely competitive ( especially compared to the US with over half a dozen national dailies selling in the same market ) , and historically there have been equally frenzied bouts of mis-reporting in the past on topics as diverse as pit bulls , vaccines and child abductions , there is something new in this mess that is worth discussing .
And that has been a huge shift in the Overton window for climate change .
In any public discussion there are bounds which people who want to be thought of as having respectable ideas tend to stay between .
This is most easily seen in health care debates .
In the US , promotion of a National Health Service as in the UK or a single - payer system as in Canada is so far outside the bounds of normal health care politics , that these options are only ever brought up by ‘ cranks ’ ( sigh ) .
Meanwhile in the UK , discussions of health care delivery solutions outside of the NHS framework are never heard in the mainstream media .
This limit on scope of the public debate has been called the Overton window .
The window does not have to remain static .
Pressure groups and politicians can try and shift the bounds deliberately , or sometimes they are shifted by events .
That seems to have been the case in the climate discussion .
Prior to the email hack at CRU there had long been a pretty widespread avoidance of ‘ global warming is a hoax ’ proponents in serious discussions on the subject .
The sceptics that were interviewed tended to be the slightly more sensible kind – people who did actually realise that CO2 was a greenhouse gas for instance .
But the GW hoaxers were generally derided , or used as punchlines for jokes .
This is not because they did n’t exist and were n’t continually making baseless accusations against scientists ( they did and they were ) , but rather that their claims were self - evidently ridiculous and therefore not worth airing .
However , since the emails were released , and despite the fact that there is no evidence within them to support any of these claims of fraud and fabrication , the UK media has opened itself so wide to the spectrum of thought on climate that the GW hoaxers have now suddenly find themselves well within the mainstream .
Nothing has changed the self - evidently ridiculousness of their arguments , but their presence at the media table has meant that the more reasonable critics seem far more centrist than they did a few months ago .
A few examples : Monckton being quoted as a ‘ prominent climate sceptic ’ on the front page of the New York Times this week ( Wow ! ) ;
The Guardian digging up baseless fraud accusations against a scientist at SUNY that had already been investigated and dismissed ;
The Sunday Times ignoring experts telling them the IPCC was right in favor of the anti-IPCC meme of the day ;
The Daily Mail making up quotes that fit their GW hoaxer narrative ;
The Daily Express breathlessly proclaiming the whole thing a ‘ climate con ’ ;
The Sunday Times ( again ) dredging up unfounded accusations of corruption in the surface temperature data sets .
All of these stories are based on the worst kind of oft - rebunked nonsense and they serve to make the more subtle kind of scepticism pushed by Lomborg et al seem almost erudite .
Perhaps this is driven by editors demanding that reporters come up with something new ( to them ) that fits into an anti-climate science theme that they are attempting to stoke .
Or perhaps it is driven by the journalists desperate to maintain their scoop by pretending to their editors that this nonsense has n’t been debunked a hundred times already ?
Who knows ?
All of these bad decisions are made easier when all of the actually sensible people , or people who know anything about the subject at all , are being assailed on all sides , and are n’t necessarily keen to find the time to explain , once again , that yes , the world is warming .
So far , so stupid .
But even more concerning is the reaction from outside the UK media bubble .
Two relatively prominent and respected US commentators – Curtis Brainard at CJR and Tom Yulsman in Colorado – have both bemoaned the fact that the US media ( unusually perhaps ) has not followed pell - mell into the fact - free abyss of their UK counterparts .
Their point apparently seems to be that since much news print is being devoted to a story somewhere , then that story must be worth following .
Indeed , since the substance to any particularly story is apparently proportional to the coverage , by not following the UK bandwagon , US journalists are missing a big story .
Yulsman blames the lack of environmental beat reporters for lack of coverage in the US , but since most of the damage and bad reporting on this is from clueless and partisan news desk reporters in the UK , I actually expect that it is the environmental beat reporters ’ prior experience with the forces of disinformation that prevents the contagion crossing the pond .
To be sure , reporters should be able and willing ( and encouraged ) to write stories about anything to do with climate science and its institutions – but that kind of reporting is something very different from regurgitating disinformation , or repeating baseless accusations as fact .
So what is likely to happen now ?
As the various panels and reports on the CRU affair conclude , it is highly likely ( almost certain in fact ) that no - one will conclude that there has been any fraud , fabrication or scientific misconduct ( since there has n’t been ) .
Eventually , people will realise ( again ) that the GW hoaxers are indeed cranks , and the mainstream window on their rants will close .
In the meantime , huge amounts of misinformation , sprinkled liberally with plenty of disinformation , will be spread and public understanding on the issue will likely decline .
As the history of the topic has shown , public attention to climate change comes and goes and this is likely to be seen as the latest bump on that ride .
Eppure si riscalda .
3 Fun and Geeky Ways to Save With Your Email
I know you must be an experienced saver ( you are reading this blog ! ) .
But there are still money - saving tricks you are probably not aware of .
Let ’s take a look at three of them .
Here ’s my list of 3 fun and geeky ways to save with your email .
1. Create a Money - Saving Gmail Filter
If you have ever bought anything online , you ’re probably subscribed to the store ’s email updates .
Or perhaps you have a few favorite stores you turn to on a regular basis that offer good coupons and special offers .
Would n’t it be nice to track deals from those stores without stuffing your Gmail inbox ?
Here ’s a way out : create a Gmail filter .
1. Login to your Gmail and go to : Settings – Labels and create a new label called “ DEALS ”
2 . Go to : Settings – Filters and click “ Create a new filter ”
3 . Submit the following values :
From : *@amazon.com OR *@ebay.com OR *@barnesandnoble.com OR ( * @ yourfavoritestoredomain .com )
: *@amazon.com OR *@ebay.com OR *@barnesandnoble.com OR ( * @ .com ) To : me
4 . Go to the next step and choose the following :
Check “ Skip the inbox ” ( to avoid clutter in your inbox ) ;
Star the message ( you will be able to unstar after you check the deal details ) ;
Apply the label “ DEALs ” ( to collect all the offers in one place ) .
You are done !
Now , every time that a new deal comes from the store you track , it will automatically be stored in your “ DEALs ” folder .
2. Create a Customized Money Alert
Another way to track online deals and avoid email clutter at the same time is to create a customized email alert – this way you will only be updated on what really matters to you .
My favorite site to do that is Buxr .
The site allows to customize your email alert by :
The store name ( choose “ All ” if you have no particular seller in mind ) ;
Type of a deal ( coupon , sale , product or all ) ;
Any term :
This way you will only get updates on all deals related to “ laptops ” .
3. What If There Is No Email Subscription Option ?
Sometimes you really love the site and you would like to monitor their updates but they do n’t offer an email subscription option .
No worries .
Let ’s say the site is “ ListFreeSamples.com ” ( I personally use this site as the freebie source but it has no email subscription option ) , so here ’s what you need to do :
Go to Google Alerts and create a new email alert for site:listfreesamples.com :
You are done .
Once Google finds anything new on the site , it will update you via email .
Any more tricks on saving money with your email ?
Please share them in the comments !
This is a guest post by Ann Smarty who blogs on searchand social media .
If you are looking for guest bloggers or blogs that need contributors , join Ann ’s forum called My Blog Guest .
Google + Comments
EAST RUTHERFORD , N.J. --
The demolition of Giants Stadium got started Thursday when a giant metal claw attached to a crane started taking bites out of the cement helix at one of the four gates around the 34 - year - old facility .
Clouds of dust drifted in the air as concrete and rebar poked through areas where the concrete was ripped away .
The demolition of Giants Stadium started at Gate B. AP Photo / Mel Evans
The $ 10 million - plus demolition project will take about four months with the seats and sod being sold as memorabilia .
Much of the concrete is being used to fill a 14 - foot hole where the field is currently located .
About a dozen construction workers at the adjacent new stadium that will be home to the Giants and Jets watched the demolition from an open landing , some taking pictures with cell phones .
The beginning of the end for the stadium that played host to more than 1,600 events and had more than 70 million people pass through its turnstiles was lonely .
There were no fans lining up for the so - called final kickoff .
The only person watching who was not a member of the media or a construction or demolition worker was Brian Moran , a 50 - year sheet metal worker who was sidelined with a broken foot .
The Carlstadt native who now lives in Hasbrouck Heights worked on the renovation of Giants Stadium , the building of the new stadium and the ski slope on the Xanadu project in the Meadowlands sports complex .
" I hunted here with my family when I was 10 , 40 years ago , " Moran said of the ground on which Giants Stadium was built .
" It was all marsh .
We used to launch our canoes from where Stiletto's go - go bar is located and had our blinds in here . "
Vincent Parziale , the chief executive of Gramercy , the wrecking and environmental contractors taking down the stadium , said that Giants Stadium cannot be imploded because it is too close to the new structure , which is a 30 - yard pass away .
The construction started at Gate B , which is closest to the yet unnamed new stadium , because the spiral in Gate B overlaps with the concourse on the new stadium .
Parziale said once the area is cleared out , the demolition crews will start cleaning out Giants Stadium from the inside and then taking down the building in sections , working from high to low .
Parziale said it was hard to see an old stadium come down , noting he was a Jets fans .
A split second later , he noted he was a Giants fan , too .
" There is no emotion , " he said .
" I am working to making new memories in the new stadium . "
Frank Amicizia , Gramercy 's vice president , said the demolition job was special .
" We 're demolishing a piece of history , " said Amicizia , whose fondest memory of Giants Stadium was the first time he took his son to a game .
" We 're just happy to be the ones doing it , especially being a [ Westbury ] New York - based contractor . "
The new stadium will seat 82,500 fans , including 9,500 club seats and 222 luxury suites .
It will be the NFL 's third - largest stadium .
A Bon Jovi concert in late May will officially open the stadium .
The onward march of Fox News , the relentlessly rightwing channel that has revolutionised American television news by making it overtly partisan , has been boosted by an opinion poll that suggests it is the most trusted news operation in the country .
Almost half of all Americans surveyed in the poll of 1,151 registered voters said they trusted Fox News .
That is a notably larger vote of confidence than the 39 % who said they trusted Fox 's great rival CNN , and vastly more than the credibility ratings of the traditional news networks ABC News ( 31 % ) , CBS News ( 32 % ) and NBC News ( 35 % ) .
The poll findings are vindication of the commercial strategy of Fox News , which is owned by Rupert Murdoch and is the brainchild of his controversial henchman Roger Ailes .
Fox
News threw out the old model of television news – pitched towards a mass audience across the political spectrum and aspiring to standards of fairness in reporting – and replaced it with an aggressive drive for a niche audience of rightwing voters .
The motto of the network is " Fair & Balanced " , but in many respects it is anything but .
" Fox News is not really a news network , it 's a commentary network .
Its news output is a small island in a vast sea of very conservative commentary , " said Mike Hoyt , editor of the Columbia Journalism Review whose March issue features a cover story exploring the Fox News phenomenon .
The poll findings underline the partisan nature of both the network and its audience .
When the respondents are broken down by party affiliation , an overwhelming 74 % of Republican - leaning Americans trust the network , but only 30 % of Democrats .
Dean Denham , president of Public Policy Polling , the North Carolina - based survey firm that carried out the poll , said the Fox strategy had been brilliant commercially but its implications were troubling .
" That people see the network as trustworthy is worrying in terms of the future of reasoned debate in America .
A lie screamed loudly will trump a truth ­spoken quietly , " he said .
Denham said he had first - hand experience of Fox News 's value judgments .
His firm had conducted a poll that produced some strikingly poor results for the Democrats in terms of their popularity ratings .
At exactly the same time Fox News commissioned its own internal poll , which came up with more favourable results for the Democrats , yet the network decided to go with PPP 's results rather than its own .
" That showed me that when they have the opportunity to go with something more negative about the Democrats , they will . "
Qualms about the biased approach of the network has even reached the Murdoch family .
Earlier this month the PR executive Matthew Freud , who is married to Rupert Murdoch 's daughter Elisabeth , told the New York Times he was " ashamed and sickened by Roger Ailes 's horrendous and sustained disregard of journalistic standards " .
But for the time being such anxieties are unlikely to change the direction and strategy of Fox News , which is enjoying growing viewer figures and a mounting political influence through the groundswell of rightwing popular discontent displayed by the tea party movement .
The latest rankings by Nielsen Media Research for all cable networks at primetime during the period dominated by the Haiti earthquake and the bombshell election of a little - known Republican to the Massachusetts Senate seat put Fox News top of the list with an average of 3.2 million viewers .
That put it above lifestyle and entertainment channels and well above CNN in 22nd place .
As further evidence of its pre-eminence , Glenn Beck , the network 's most strident and emotive of rightwing hosts , was this week voted second favourite TV personality in the annual Harris Poll , behind only Oprah Winfrey .
There will be no more development resources given to ' Project Wonderland '
Oracle is dropping support for Sun Microsystems ' Project Wonderland , a Java - based platform for developing 3 - D virtual worlds , according to a Jan. 30 post on the project 's official blog .
After a protracted delay due to a European antitrust review , Oracle 's deal to buy Sun was finalized last week .
While many of Sun 's products will be a strategic part of Oracle 's plans , that is apparently not the case for Wonderland .
" We found out on Friday that development resources are no longer being applied to Project Wonderland , " the post reads .
" The good news is ... a core group of the Wonderland team intends to keep the project going .
We will be pursuing both for - profit and not - for - profit options that will allow us to become a self - sustaining organization .
Having anticipated this possible outcome , we already have some promising irons in the fire . "
Wonderland has " so much great momentum , " with three companies selling products tied to the project and eight others pushing services for building worlds , the blog adds .
Oracle 's move dovetails with Monday 's announcement that virtual - world provider Forterra Systems had sold its product line to Sciences Applications International Corporation ( SAIC ) , said Erica Driver , principal of the analyst firm ThinkBalm .
Combined , the events represent evidence of " the necessary churn that has to take place " in the space , she said .
There 's no telling whether Project Wonderland will gain another corporate sponsor , although the fact that it is based on a language as pervasive as Java does n't hurt , Driver said .
Alternatively , there 's already a precedent for a successful open - source virtual - world platform , in the form of OpenSim , she said .
But it is nonetheless early days for the technology .
The enterprise immersive - software market , which ThinkBalm defines as " a collection of collaboration , communication , and productivity tools unified via a 3D or pseudo - 3D visual environment , " stood at only about US $ 50 million in 2009 , yet there are some two dozen vendors in play , she said .
The market figure does not include systems development costs , she added .
Right now , Oracle is not interested in pursuing virtual worlds , but that could change .
" We 're smack in the early adopter phase , " and early mainstream adoption could come within a few years , Driver said .
There are already some bonafide success stories , such as Cisco Systems ' recent decision to hold a major sales meeting virtually , she said .
The event hosted more than 19,000 attendees and cost about 10 percent of a traditional event 's expenses , according to a Cisco blog post .
In politics , as in life , there ’s often a very fine line between a fluke and an earthquake .
They can even be mistaken for each other .
In many ways , Scott Brown ’s upset victory over Martha Coakley on January 19 for the Senate seat long held by Edward M. Kennedy , just as Congress was nearing agreement on the health care bill , was a fluke .
The confluence of seemingly unrelated events had more impact than any of them would have had individually .
Even the date of Kennedy ’s death last August had major consequences : if it had happened a month later , the President might already have signed a health care bill into law by the time the election was held .
A senior Democratic House strategist told me , “ Had we known that Massachusetts was in play , we ’d have worked through the Christmas break and might well have been done before the election . ”
The bills passed by the House on November 7 and by the Senate on the day before Christmas were quite similar .
( Nancy Pelosi and Harry Reid and their aides , in consultation with the White House , had seen to that . )
As a result of intensive negotiations in early January , the bills were more than 95 percent alike by the time of the Massachusetts election .
Two major issues remaining had to do , first — thirty - seven years after the Roe decision establishing abortion as a constitutional right — with Congress having adopted provisions in the health care bill that make it difficult ( the Senate ) or even impossible ( the House ) for women who received federal help to purchase abortion coverage with their own funds ( really ! ) ; and , second , with excise taxes on the more expensive ( “ Cadillac ” ) plans , which labor objects to .
Republicans had applied the theory that the longer a bill is delayed , the weaker it becomes .
Their real goal was to kill it .
They gave Senate Finance Chairman Max Baucus just enough encouragement that he engaged in a months - long effort to get Republican backing for the bill .
The idea , shared by the White House , was that a bill with bipartisan support would have more legitimacy with the public ; but the negotiations kept going long after it was clear that the Republicans did n’t want to help .
( He got the vote in committee of Maine ’s Olympia Snowe , who made a big show of her reluctance to give it — the diva who would n’t leave the stage — and then voted against the bill on the Senate floor . )
Finally , even the White House gave up on Baucus and scheduled Obama ’s speech to Congress on health care on September 9 , to encourage his committee to wrap it up .
By the time the Senate finally passed its bill on Christmas Eve , Coakley was losing altitude , but no one seemed to notice .
An election outcome is usually caused by a number of factors , but national observers tend to look for national implications .
In fact , Coakley broke a fundamental rule of running for office .
Having …
Huge Texas Wind Farm's Turbines Will Be Made in China
A Chinese wind - turbine company strikes a deal to become the exclusive supplier for one of the largest U.S. wind farms
Really interesting conversation with someone who negotiates with ransomware gangs :
For now , it seems that paying ransomware , while obviously risky and empowering / encouraging ransomware attackers , can perhaps be comported so as not to break any laws ( like anti-terrorist laws , FCPA , conspiracy and others ) ­ and even if payment is arguably unlawful , seems unlikely to be prosecuted .
Thus , the decision whether to pay or ignore a ransomware demand , seems less of a legal , and more of a practical , determination ­ almost like a cost - benefit analysis .
The arguments for rendering a ransomware payment include :
Payment is the least costly option ;
Payment is in the best interest of stakeholders ( e.g. a hospital patient in desperate need of an immediate operation whose records are locked up ) ;
Payment can avoid being fined for losing important data ;
Payment means not losing highly confidential information ; and
Payment may mean not going public with the data breach .
The arguments against rendering a ransomware payment include :
Payment does not guarantee that the right encryption keys with the proper decryption algorithms will be provided ;
Payment further funds additional criminal pursuits of the attacker , enabling a cycle of ransomware crime ;
Payment can do damage to a corporate brand ;
Payment may not stop the ransomware attacker from returning ;
If victims stopped making ransomware payments , the ransomware revenue stream would stop and ransomware attackers would have to move on to perpetrating another scheme ; and
Using Bitcoin to pay a ransomware attacker can put organizations at risk .
Most victims must buy Bitcoin on entirely unregulated and free - wheeling exchanges that can also be hacked , leaving buyers ’ bank account information stored on these exchanges vulnerable .
When confronted with a ransomware attack , the options all seem bleak .
Pay the hackers ­ and the victim may not only prompt future attacks , but there is also no guarantee that the hackers will restore a victim ’s dataset .
Ignore the hackers ­ and the victim may incur significant financial damage or even find themselves out of business .
The only guarantees during a ransomware attack are the fear , uncertainty and dread inevitably experienced by the victim .
TORONTO , Canada —
A man found guilty of Canada ’s biggest terrorist conspiracy since the 9/11 attacks seems to have given new meaning to the term “ homegrown ” extremist .
Shareef Abdelhaleem was found guilty last week of being a key player in a plot for mass murder on the streets of downtown Toronto , Canada ’s financial capital .
The twist comes from evidence that Abdelhaleem ’s inspiration did not solely come from extremist interpretations of Islam .
It also came , the court heard , from the practices of high - rolling Wall Street investors .
The plan was to blow up a truck packed with explosives in front of the Toronto Stock Exchange , another in front of the headquarters of Canada ’s spy agency , the Canadian Security Intelligence Service , and a third at a military base .
“ The potential for loss of life existed on a scale never before seen in Canada , ” Justice Bruce Durno said last week , while sentencing another of the accused ringleaders , Zakaria Amara , to life in prison .
The plot was stopped by Canada ’s national police force , the RCMP , which paid two Muslim civilians to infiltrate the group of conspirators .
The infiltrator who befriended Abdelhaleem received about $ 4 million for his work , which included a new home and identity under the witness protection program .
The infiltrator helped arrange a sting that saw the plotters buy a truckload of fake ammonium nitrate .
Police arrested two of them in June 2006 as they unloaded the material , which , if it had been real , could have been used for a bomb .
Sixteen others allegedly involved in the conspiracy were arrested minutes later .
The group became known as the Toronto 18 .
The infiltrator testified that Abdelhaleem , now 34 , hoped the Al Qaeda leadership would eventually endorse the carnage as “ an act of Al Qaeda in Canada . ”
The plot came with a U.S. connection :
In March 2005 , two Georgia residents traveled to Canada to meet some of the Toronto 18 members .
Ehsanul Islam Sadequee and Syed Haris Ahmed were convicted in American courts last summer of supporting terrorism in the U.S. and abroad .
In Toronto , four people were accused of being at the heart of the bomb plot — Abdelhaleem , Amara , Saad Gaya and Saad Khalid .
All have been found guilty .
Abdelhaleem , however , has not been convicted .
His lawyer has introduced a motion to stay the case , which would see his client walk free , on the grounds of entrapment .
The others were accused of taking part in a jihad training camp in a wooden area north of Toronto , where they practiced shooting at targets with paintball guns and a handgun .
Seven have had charges against them stayed or dropped , four face trials this spring , the rest were found guilty .
Fourteen of those arrested were young adults and four were under 18 years old .
All were either born in Canada or spent most of their lives here .
By any definition , they were homegrown .
As an RCMP report recently noted , they communicated “ in a sort of ‘ hoser - gangsta ’ patois , ” and repeatedly proclaimed their love of Tim Horton ’s doughnuts and the beauty of rural Ontario .
In many ways , they mirrored the profile of European or American jihadists .
Some were marginalized or naive suburban youths influenced by extremist websites and angered by Western wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , and the plight of Palestinians .
Khalid , now 23 , was shaken by personal trauma .
When he was 16 , he returned home from school to find his depressive mother dead , submerged in the bathtub .
He turned to Islam for comfort , eventually hanging out with youths who held extremist views .
Amara , a Canadian citizen , was the lost , troubled type .
Born to a Cypriot mother and a Jordanian father , he was baptized a Christian but turned to a fundamentalist brand of Islam while living in the Toronto bedroom community of Mississauga .
He married when he was 18 and became a father a year later .
He dropped out of university to support his family and got a job pumping gas .
His defense lawyer said he turned to extremism to get over the divorce of his parents and escape the drudgery of his life .
After pleading guilty last week , Amara apologized and read an “ open letter to Canadians ” in court : “ I deserve nothing less than your complete contempt . ”
The twist in the homegrown profile comes from Abdelhaleem .
At the time of his arrest , he was a computer engineer with a six - figure salary driving a BMW .
That in itself is n’t unusual : Some extremists have come from affluent backgrounds .
Also typical was evidence that he wanted change through violence ; namely , getting the Canadian government to pull its troops out of Afghanistan .
What made him different is evidence that he wanted to profit financially from the bombings .
The police agent who befriended him testified that Abdelhaleem said he wanted to attack the Toronto Stock Exchange , cause markets to plunge and make money by selling stocks “ short . ”
This is the Wall Street alchemy where investors profit by betting that stock prices will decline .
Abdelhaleem , the agent testified , wanted to use the money to fund future terror attacks in New York and Chicago .
There were suspicions that “ short - selling ” occurred with airline stock prior to the 9/11 attacks .
The Security Exchange Commission investigated but found no evidence .
Short - sellers on Wall Street were widely criticized for making a fortune by betting on the recent market collapse , helping to bring down Bear Sterns and Lehman Brothers , and precipitating the latest recession .
Some might argue that when it comes to economic sabotage , Abdelhaleem learned from the real professionals .
If so , he ’s as homegrown as they come .
Swift handles many of Europe 's bank transfers
A key committee of Euro MPs has moved to block the renewal of an agreement which allows US anti-terror officials to access Europeans ' bank data .
The European Parliament 's civil liberties committee recommended that the full parliament reject the interim nine - month deal between the EU and US .
MEPs said the deal negotiated by EU governments provided insufficient privacy safeguards .
The US can access the Swift money transfer system , based in Brussels .
The European Parliament plans to vote on the EU - US data agreement next Thursday .
The parliament 's press service says that if MEPs block it , they will be making use of a new power under the Lisbon Treaty to veto international agreements .
The treaty for the first time gives MEPs real power to shape EU legislation in the area of justice and home affairs .
The US started accessing Swift data after the 11 September 2001 terror attacks on New York and Washington .
But the fact that the US was secretly accessing such data did not come to light until 2006 .
The Greens ' home affairs expert , Jan Philipp Albrecht MEP , said that in backing the new deal the European Commission and EU governments had " not respected the fundamental criticism about the lack of sufficient protections with regard to privacy and the rule of law " .
The leader of the Socialist group , Martin Schulz MEP , said : " We want a new and better deal with proper safeguards for people 's privacy . "
Tracking the funding of terror groups globally has been a priority for Washington since the 2001 attacks .
Swift handles millions of transactions daily between banks and other financial institutions worldwide .
It holds the data of some 8,000 banks and operates in 200 countries .
Thad Cochran and Bill Young led their respective bodies in securing earmarks .
Republicans lead earmark list
The top earmarkers in both the House and Senate are Republicans , even after the GOP has spent much of the past year making fiscal restraint and runaway government spending the centerpiece of its political message .
Rep. Bill Young ( R - Fla . ) and Sen. Thad Cochran ( R - Miss . ) — both atop defense spending panels — led their respective bodies in securing earmarks , according to an analysis by the nonprofit Taxpayers for Common Sense .
Advertisement
Young , the ranking member on the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee , helped secure 63 earmarks worth $ 128 million .
Cochran , his counterpart in the Senate , had his hand in 242 earmarks worth nearly $ 498 million .
In the House , Young was followed by Reps. Earl Pomeroy ( D - N.D. ) with $ 121 million , Mazie Hirono ( D - Hawaii ) with $ 116 million and Jim Moran ( D - Va. ) with $ 107 million .
After Cochran , Sen. Daniel Inouye ( D - Hawaii ) was No. 2 in earmarks with $ 392 million , Sen. Roger Wicker ( R - Miss . ) received $ 368 million in earmarks and Robert Byrd ( D - W.Va . ) grabbed $ 292 million for his home state .
Democrats changed earmarking rules when they took control of Congress after the 2006 election , making earmark requests part of the public record .
And in appropriations bills , lawmakers were forced to put their names next to their projects in the bill .
But the move has n’t dramatically curtailed the number of earmarks .
Congress spent $ 16 billion on pork - barrel spending in fiscal 2010 spending bills — a slight increase over fiscal 2009 , according to Taxpayers for Common Sense .
Hawaii — represented by Senate Appropriations Chairman Daniel Inouye ( D - Hawaii ) — had the most earmarks per capita : $ 412 million for its nearly 1.3 million citizens .
Wyoming had the least per capita and overall — $ 5.76 million .
This blog was created to share homebrew recipes , reviews , and to talk about homebrew ideas .
The extent of the blog will vary due to the varying schedules of the bloggers .
Craft beer information will be posted as well .
Enjoy .
The world 's coral reefs will begin to disintegrate before the end of the century as rising carbon dioxide levels in the atmosphere make the oceans more acidic , scientists warn .
The research points to a looming transition in the health of coral ecosystems during which the ability of reefs to grow is overwhelmed by the rate at which they are dissolving .
More than 9,000 coral reefs around the world are predicted to disintegrate when atmospheric carbon dioxide levels reach 560 parts per million .
The amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere today stands at around 388 ppm , but is expected to reach 560 ppm by the end of this century .
Coral reefs are at the heart of some of the most biodiverse marine ecosystems in the world .
They are home to more than 4,000 species of fish and provide spawning , refuge and feeding areas for marine life such as crabs , starfish and sea turtles .
" These ecosystems which harbour the highest diversity of marine life in the oceans may be severely reduced within less than 100 years , " said Dr Jacob Silverman of the Carnegie Institution in Stanford University , California .
Coral reefs grow their structural skeletons by depositing aragonite , a form of calcium carbonate , from calcium ions in sea water .
As oceans absorb atmospheric carbon dioxide , they become so acidic the calcium carbonate dissolves .
Silverman 's team studied a coral reef in the northern Red Sea and calculated its response to increasingly acidic waters .
The research showed that the ability of the coral to build new structures depended strongly on water acidity and to a lesser extent temperature .
From these data the researchers created a global map of more than 9,000 coral reefs , which showed that all are threatened with disintegration when carbon dioxide levels in the atmosphere reach 560 p pm .
Silverman was speaking at the American Association for the Advancement of Science meeting in San Diego .
In a separate study , Simon Donner , an environmental scientist at the University of British Columbia in Canada , warned that carbon dioxide in the atmosphere is already at a high enough level to cause devastating coral bleaching .
Corals have a symbiotic relationship with microscopic algae that live on them .
The algae give coral reefs their vibrant colours , but are also an important food source for the habitat 's marine life .
When sea temperatures rise , the corals expel the algae and turn white .
Once this happens the coral is deprived of energy and dies .
" Even if we froze emissions today , the planet still has some warming left in it .
That 's enough to make bleaching dangerously frequent in reefs worldwide , " said Donner .
Bleaching had become increasingly widespread in recent years , Donner said .
In 2006 , severe bleaching struck the southern part of Australia 's Great Barrier Reef , the largest coral reef system in the world .
Last year scientists reported that a " lucky combination " of circumstances had allowed the coral to recover from the disaster .
Lately there seems to be a rash of " I get so angry at myself " –itis .
Clients complain that whatever they do it is n't ever good enough .
They beat themselves up with what amounts to verbal self - abuse .
Boy , do I know how that feels :
" Why did I get an 89 on that report ?
It should have been 100 .
I 'm an idiot ! "
" What was I thinking when I called in sick ?
I should have gone into work anyway .
Now my boss will think I 'm a bum .
I am a bum ! "
" Why did I eat that pie ?
Why did I eat two pieces of pie ?
I 'm fat and out of control ! "
A lot of us are guilty of being mean to ourselves .
It has got to stop !
Here 's how :
1 ) Tune in , like you would a radio dial , to the voices in your head .
How are they sounding ?
Supportive or nasty ?
Sometimes we are n't even aware of how cruel we can be to ourselves until we detach just enough to listen as an observer .
Write some of it down .
Let that help you realize the extent of the verbal self - abuse you 've been sustaining .
During an episode of depression I did this and was surprised to learn how unkind I was to myself .
2 ) Whose voice is it ?
It is n't yours .
Your genuine voice is thoughtful , even when you legitimately need a kick in the butt .
Trust me on this .
Often that harsh voice you hear is a parent or other adult who had an impression on us when we were kids .
Back then our brains were sponges that soaked up and internalized everything , including repeated criticisms .
Isolate and defuse that negative voice .
Identify where it came from and realize its origin was outside of yourself .
Take another moment to filter through the ' noise ' of the mean voice .
Underneath all that muck is your genuine voice or your ' gut ' .
That voice is reasonable and supportive .
Listen to it .
3 ) Talk back !
Do n't just take the mean stuff .
Challenge the put downs .
Dialog boxes are helpful to exercise this new skill .
On a piece of paper draw two columns , on the left write whatever the nasty voice is saying ( try to keep it to a sound bite ) .
On the right come up with a more reasonable response .
An example of this might be : " You are such a loser ! " vs. " I could do better and I will next time .
That does n't make me a loser . "
Go back and forth , from left to right , writing the dialog , until you feel a sense of mastery over the negative voice .
City health officials are warning visitors to Central Park to avoid contact with wild animals and to keep their dogs on a leash following the discovery of three rabid raccoons , two in the last week .
The discovery was a surprise because , in the previous six years , only one rabid animal had been found in Manhattan , with the majority of rabies cases in the city isolated to Staten Island and the Bronx .
Another rabid raccoon that was found earlier this year , near the northernmost tip of Manhattan , was believed to have crossed over from the Bronx on a railroad bridge .
“ There is concern that it could spread to more raccoons , ” said Dr. Sally Slavinski , a public health veterinarian for the New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene .
City employees will be enhancing their surveillance of the park to look for signs of other sick animals and are urging parkgoers who spot disoriented or aggressive animals to report them by calling the city ’s 311 information line .
There has n’t been a human infection of rabies in New York City since 1953 , around the time that the city began mandating rabies vaccinations for dogs to combat the disease , according to the health department .
At the time , the disease , which is transmitted through a bite from an infected mammal and is usually fatal without treatment , was a significant problem in the city .
One report described a dog frothing at the mouth racing through the crowd at a public pool and biting the officer who finally captured it .
In the early 1950s , before vaccination programs curbed the cases , about 40,000 people were bitten by rabid dogs nationwide each year , with about 40 people dying annually from the disease , according to news reports from the time .
In 2007 , the most recent year for which figures were available , just one person contracted the disease , according to the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
( Worldwide , however , rabies remains a major killer . )
In New York State , 512 animals were identified as carrying rabies , the third most in the nation after Texas and Virginia , according to the Centers for Disease Control .
Most rabies cases now involve wild animals , with raccoons being the most common carrier , followed by bats , skunks and foxes .
( Nationwide , domestic animals like dogs , cats and cattle account for less than seven percent of all infected animals ) .
The variant of raccoon - borne rabies did not arrive in New York City until 1992 but now accounts for the majority of cases in the city and the state , said Ms. Slavinski .
So far this year , 20 rabies cases have been identified in the city : 14 raccoons in the Bronx , 4 raccoons in Manhattan , a raccoon in Queens and a bat in Staten Island .
In the previous six years , the Bronx has had 78 cases , followed by Staten Island with 69 , Queens with 7 , Brooklyn with 2 and Manhattan with 1 , according to the health department .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Nigeria 's Vice - President Goodluck Jonathan has become acting president , after weeks of political turmoil caused by the absence of its ailing leader .
In a televised address to the nation , Mr Jonathan described the role as a " sacred trust " .
The National Assembly earlier voted to recognise him as acting leader in place of President Umaru Yar 'Adua .
Mr Yar 'Adua has not been seen in public since going to Saudi Arabia in November for medical treatment .
His continued absence has sparked legal challenges , cabinet splits and mass street protests .
It has led to a freeze in government business and threatened progress made in combating unrest in the oil - rich Niger Delta .
' Pray fervently ' " I am fully aware of the responsibilities reposed in me , and I want to reassure all Nigerians that this is a sacred trust , which I shall discharge to my fullest abilities , " Mr Jonathan said in his televised address on Tuesday .
ANALYSIS Caroline Duffield , BBC News , Lagos
For weeks , Nigeria 's political elite has been consumed by a ferocious struggle over the country 's future .
Industrial magnates , former heads of state , party chiefs and state governors all lent their voices in what was seen as an argument between vested interests .
They now claim to have found a political solution .
Whether it is constitutional is another matter .
Political insiders admit it was a stitched - together solution that leaves questions unanswered .
What is President Yar 'Adua 's current state of health ?
When will he return ?
Will another vice - president be appointed ?
Will Goodluck Jonathan depart the political stage before the next elections ?
Will polls be held early ?
We now know how the political elite want Nigeria 's immediate future to look .
But at some point they must also decide who will be the real leader - the man who will lead the governing party into elections in a year 's time .
In a country with a history of military coups , he thanked the armed forces for " their loyalty and devotion to duty during this trying period " .
Mr Jonathan , due to chair his first cabinet meeting later , said he would build on the amnesty for Niger Delta militants begun by Mr Yar 'Adua .
Some militants in the region have threatened to break the amnesty , citing government delays in implementing the programme .
He asked the country to pray for Mr Yar 'Adua 's recovery .
" The circumstances - in which I find myself assuming office today as acting president of our country - are uncommon , sober and reflective , " he said .
" More than ever therefore , I urge all Nigerians as a people who have faith in God to pray fervently for the full recovery of our dear president , and his early return . "
Mr Yar 'Adua is said to be receiving treatment for an inflammation of the lining around the heart and he has long suffered from kidney problems .
Earlier on Tuesday , both houses of the National Assembly passed a motion for Mr Jonathan to take over as head of state until Mr Yar 'Adua is able to resume the presidency .
The BBC's Ahmed Idris in Abuja says the move among the political elite to back the vice - president is unprecedented .
The ruling party alternates leadership between north and south , and Mr Yar 'Adua 's northern backers had wanted to keep his southern deputy out of office .
Executive power is transferred to the vice - president under Nigeria 's constitution when the president formally informs parliament of his absence .
Mr Yar 'Adua never did this , but senate leader David Mark said that an interview Mr Yar 'Adua carried out with the BBC's Hausa service on 12 January had effectively provided the assembly with the notice it needed .
But some analysts have suggested that the assembly 's motion is not legally binding and could face court challenges .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Choux Pastry : Preheat your oven to 375 degrees F ( 190 degrees C ) and place the oven rack in the center of the oven .
Line a baking sheet with parchment paper or you can lightly butter or spray the pan with a non stick vegetable spray .
In a bowl , sift or whisk the flour .
Put the butter , sugar , salt , water , and milk in a heavy saucepan .
Place over medium high heat and bring to a boil .
( Make sure that the butter melts before the water boils to reduce the amount of evaporation . )
Remove from heat and , with a wooden spoon or heatproof spatula , add the flour , all at once , and stir until combined .
Return the saucepan to the heat and , stirring constantly , cook over low heat until the dough comes away from the sides of the pan and forms a thick smooth ball of dough ( about one minute ) .
Transfer the dough to your electric stand mixer , fitted with the paddle attachment ( or use a hand mixer or wooden spoon ) , and beat on low speed to release the steam from the dough ( about a minute ) .
Once the dough is lukewarm add about 3 / 4 of the lightly beaten eggs ( dough will separate and then come together ) and continue to mix , on low speed , until you have a smooth thick paste ( dough will fall from a spoon in a non-ragged " V " shape ) .
( See video for demonstration . )
Add more beaten egg , if necessary , until you get the correct consistency .
Spoon or pipe ( or use an ice cream scoop ) 8 mounds of dough ( a scant 3 tablespoons ( 40 grams ) ) onto the baking sheet , spacing about 2 inches ( 5 cm ) apart .
With a pastry brush , gently brush the tops and sides of the dough with a lightly beaten egg .
Bake for 10 minutes and then reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F ( 180 degrees C ) .
Bake for a further 25 to 30 minutes or until the shells are golden brown and when split , are dry inside .
Remove from oven and place the baking pan of a wire rack .
Cool the choux pastry completely before filling .
Chocolate Ganache : Place the finely chopped chocolate in a medium sized stainless steel ( heatproof ) bowl .
In a small saucepan , heat the cream and butter over medium heat .
Bring just to a boil .
Immediately pour the boiling cream over the chocolate and allow to stand a few minutes .
Then gently stir with a whisk until smooth .
( The ganache can be made ahead and stored in the refrigerator for up to a week .
Reheat in a heatproof bowl set over a saucepan of simmering water or in the microwave . )
Assemble : Split the pastry shells in half , fill the bottom halves of the shells with a scoop of ice cream , and replace the top .
Drizzle each Profiterole liberally with warm Chocolate Ganache .
Serve immediately .
Note : Truffles can be made with any leftover Ganache .
Truffles are just small balls of chocolate that can be rolled in cocoa powder , powdered sugar , or toasted chopped nuts .
Make sure the chocolate ganache is well chilled before forming into balls .
You can use your hands to form the truffles , or else a melon baller or small spoon .
Truffles can be refrigerated for a couple of weeks or else frozen for a couple of months .
Makes 8 Profiteroles .
View comments on this recipe on YouTube
Astronomers have discovered the youngest extra-solar planet around a solar - type star , named BD+20 1790b .
The giant planet , six - times the mass of Jupiter , is only 35 million years old .
It orbits a young active central star at a distance closer than Mercury orbits the Sun .
Young stars are usually excluded from planet searches because they have intense magnetic fields that generate a range of phenomena known collectively as stellar activity , including flares and spots .
This activity can mimic the presence of a companion and so can make extremely difficult to disentangle the signals of planets and activity .
University of Hertfordshire astronomers , Dr Maria Cruz Gálvez - Ortiz and Dr John Barnes , are part of the international collaboration that made the discovery .
Dr Maria Cruz Gálvez - Ortiz , describing how the planet was discovered , said : " The planet was detected by searching for very small variations in the velocity of the host star , caused by the gravitational tug of the planet as it orbits -- the so - called ' Doppler wobble technique . '
Overcoming the interference caused by the activity was a major challenge for the team , but with enough data from an array of large telescopes the planet 's signature was revealed . "
There is currently a severe lack of knowledge about early stages of planet evolution .
Most planet - search surveys tend to target much older stars , with ages in excess of a billion years .
Only one young planet , with an age of 100 million years , was previously known .
However , at only 35 million years , BD+20 1790 b is approximately three times younger .
The detection of young planets will allow the testing of formation scenarios and to investigate the early stages of planetary evolution .
BD+20 1790 b was discovered using observations made at different telescopes , including the Observatorio de Calar Alto ( Almería , Spain ) and the Observatorio del Roque de los Muchachos ( La Palma , Spain ) over the last five years .
The discovery team is an international collaboration including : M.M. Hernán Obispo , E. De Castro and M. Cornide ( Universidad Complutense de Madrid , Spain ) , M.C. Gálvez - Ortiz and J.R. Barnes , ( University of Hertfordshire , U.K. ) , G. Anglada - Escudé ( Carnegie Institution of Washington , USA ) and S.R. Kane ( NASA Exoplanet Institute , Caltech , USA ) .
The discovery has just been published in the journal Astronomy & Astrophysics .
Ever wondered what models would look like if they ate ?
Designer Mark Fast sends ' plus size ' women down the catwalk
Ever wondered what models might look like if they actually ate ?
Fashion lovers got a glimpse at an alternative universe yesterday , as Canadian designer Mark Fast sent ' plus size ' models down the runway at London Fashion Week .
While noticeably larger than the average catwalk model , the women were by no means overweight .
Instead the models were a size 14 or 16 , a healthy dress for their above average height .
Women of all sizes : Canadian designer Mark Fast sent both ' plus size ' model Crystal Renn , left , and regular size models down the runway at London Fashion Week yesterday
The knitwear designer likes to use a mix of different sized models in his shows , to prove that the clinging designs look good on every bodyshape .
These include size 16 Crystal Renn , who walked out in a bright red dress yesterday .
But not everyone welcomes
Fast breaking the mould .
Last year Fast 's stylist and creative director walked out three days before his show , apparently in protest at being asked to work with the ' plus size ' models .
Statement : Fast wanted to prove that normal women looked good in his clinging knitwear designs
Plus size : Models including Hayley Morley , left , were supplied by a specialist agency , which said no other designer had contacted them ahead of London Fashion Week
But this year the show went without a hitch .
London modelling agency 12 + UK supplied the models .
Founder Sarah Watkinson said 29 - year - old Fast was dedicated to using real - looking women .
But she added that no other Fashion Week designers had sought models from her agency .
Figure hugging : Fast 's designs cling to the body , displaying the model 's curves
Clipping Their Wings Chaos Expected as Lufthansa Pilots Vote to Strike
Lufthansa pilots have voted to go on strike for four days next week .
The industrial action will bring chaos to German airports and will cost the airline tens of millions of euros .
Methane trapped in Arctic ice ( and elsewhere ) could be rapidly released into the atmosphere as a result of global warming in a possible doomsday scenario for climate change , some scientists worry .
After all , methane is 72 times more powerful as a greenhouse gas than carbon dioxide over a 20 - year timescale .
But research announced at the annual meeting of the American Geophysical Union this December suggests that marine microbes could at least partially defeat the methane " time bomb " sitting at the bottom of the world 's oceans .
The conventional wisdom for decades has been that methane emanating from the seafloor could be consumed by a special class of bacteria called methanotrophs .
It has long been known , for instance , that these organisms at the bottom of the Black Sea consume methane produced in its deep oxygen - free waters .
What has not been clear is whether these bacteria would be of any use in the event that a special class of ice at the bottom of the ocean is destabilized by a warmer climate .
This ice , known as clathrates , or methane hydrates , consists of a cage of water molecules surrounding individual molecules of methane , and it exists under conditions of low temperature and high pressure .
These conditions can be found on the continental shelf the world over , but there is an extra large quantity of seafloor suitable for methane hydrates in the Arctic because of its low temperatures and a seafloor plateau that happens to be at the optimum depth for clathrate formation .
The Arctic also happens to be more vulnerable to climate change because parts of the poles are warming at least twice as fast as the rest of the world .
To investigate this Arctic ice more carefully , Scott Elliott , a biogeochemist at Los Alamos National Laboratory , used the Coyote supercomputer to model the complex interplay of physical and biological systems that govern the fate of methane released from Arctic clathrates during the first few decades of projected future global warming .
Elliott 's model includes the activity of methanotrophs .
In accordance with conventional wisdom , his virtual bacteria can keep up with small to medium - size failures of the clathrates and subsequent releases of methane gas .
As the " burps " of methane increase in size in response to warming seas , however , his model also shows that in some areas of the Arctic , the methanotrophs could potentially run out of the nutrients required to metabolize methane , including oxygen , nitrate , iron and copper .
But , even if the methanotrophs in the Arctic run out of the nutrients required to digest methane — especially if the waters in which they normally live become anoxic ( low in the oxygen modern life - forms need to survive ) — a second phenomenon demonstrated in Elliott 's models may yet prevent methane from percolating all the way to the surface of the ocean , and then into the atmosphere .
" It happens that the Arctic Ocean is capped with a relatively fresh layer of seawater , " Elliott says .
Freshwater from the many rivers that empty into the Arctic float atop the denser ocean brine .
In Elliott 's simulations , methane hits this fresh water " cap " and cannot escape into the atmosphere .
Instead , it " hangs out in the Arctic Ocean until it flows out into the deep , abyssal Atlantic Ocean , " Elliott says .
" The time constants in deep oceans are many hundreds of years — that 's long enough for methanotrophs to consume all the methane .
The model says that right now we have multiple layers of security . "
Elliot cautions that there is a large degree of uncertainty in the results generated by his model , which is the first attempt ever made to incorporate the biological activity of methanotrophs into a regional climate model .
Vincent Gauci , lecturer in Earth systems and ecosystem science at The Open University in England , agrees that the uncertainties in the model prevent it from being used to conclude whether or not the methane released from deep - sea clathrates will enter the atmosphere , especially in the event of a " catastrophic submarine slope failure , " in which large volumes of clathrate spontaneously collapse and release their stored methane .
This is an outrageously complex problem , " Elliott says .
Dave Valentine , associate professor of microbial geochemistry at the University of California , Santa Barbara , who heard Elliott 's talk , notes that paleoclimatologists have yet to definitively answer whether or not there is evidence that methane from clathrates ever reached the atmosphere in the past , which would support the conclusions of Elliott 's model .
University of Chicago geophysicist David Archer 's The Long Thaw : How Humans Are Changing the Next 100,000 Years of Earth 's Climate ( Princeton University Press , 2008 ) , notes that the " jury is still out " on what the role was , if any , of destabilizing methane hydrates in past global warming events and mass extinctions .
Even if methane does n't reach the atmosphere , Elliott 's model suggests it could still have dire effects on the Arctic environment :
As it is oxidized by methanotrophs , it will acidify the Arctic Ocean and turn the water into a anoxic " dead zone " analogous to the oxygen - free dead zones that show up in the Gulf of Mexico every year as a result of farmland fertilizer runoff carried by the Mississippi River .
" It would mean those nutrients [ oxygen ] are not available to other organisms , " Elliott says .
" In other words , maybe we 're safe , but other organisms are not . "
On a local level these changes would be equal to or even greater than the acidification of the ocean that is already occurring because of rising levels of atmospheric carbon dioxide .
" It would be a very serious environmental issue — but regional , not global , " Elliott says .
Future iterations of Elliott 's model will have to include a class of methane - digesting bacteria not included in its first version , says Rick Colwell , an Oregon State University marine microbiologist specializing in methanotrophs who attended a recent presentation by Elliott .
These yet - to - be- modeled bacteria operate only in anaerobic conditions that are usually found only in ocean sediments .
If conventional , oxygen - dependent methanotrophs deplete the water column of oxygen , it could create conditions favorable for anaerobic methane - digesting bacteria to carry on the work of digesting the methane — flopping these parts of the ocean back to conditions that last prevailed 250 million years ago , during the most devastating mass extinction ever to befall life on Earth .
University of Washington in Seattle paleontologist Peter Ward has hypothesized that this event , known as the Great Dying , was the result of runaway global warming that turned the majority of the world 's oceans anoxic throughout their entire depths , leading to a large release of hydrogen sulfide gas , a by - product of the metabolism of anaerobic bacteria .
Elliott would not speculate whether or not the phenomena he modeled could have been part of that event , which in Ward 's hypothesis was most likely caused by a different source of carbon all together : CO2 vented from massive volcanic eruptions in a region that is now part of Siberia .
" You could refer to these [ anaerobic methane - eating bacteria ] as a ' biofilter ' — they would consume some of the methane that is moving into the water , " Colwell says .
Already , he adds , these bacteria perform this role in anoxic environments like the depths of the Black Sea .
Also , recent results from the Svalbard Islands north of Norway suggest that methane may not always rise from the water column in the way that Elliott 's model assumes .
In most models , including Elliott's , methanotrophs in the water were able to digest methane because it diffused into the water .
Around Spitsbergen , however , 250 plumes rising from the bottom of the ocean included large bubbles which could ascend much higher up the water column before dispersing , increasing the danger that they could reach the atmosphere intact .
Ultimately , Elliott says , he and his team cannot eliminate the possibility that methanotrophs in the Arctic could be overwhelmed by large burps of methane gas from clathrates .
Valentine speculates that the limiting nutrient will be oxygen , but Elliott 's model raises some other potentially interesting possibilities .
When asked whether or not fertilizing the Arctic Ocean with some of the missing nutrients that could enhance the productivity of methanotrophs , such as iron , Elliott speculates that " I would bet that someone will very soon discuss the potential for engineering this situation .
This becomes an opportunity for the geoengineering types to become creative . "
On Monday morning , February 15 , 2010 , in a Madrid courtroom , Judge Balthazar Garzon will formally convene his investigation of War Crimes and Crimes Against Humanity allegedly committed by officials , at various levels , of the Government of the United States and their surrogates in and from a variety of other countries .
The investigation by the Spanish Magistrate could go on for several months and involve testimony from a range of victims , some of whom are Spanish nationals who allegedly were detained and brutally tortured over a considerable period of time .
The investigation by Judge Garzon will be the first formal , comprehensive examination of the alleged criminal activity which occurred in the post 9/11 period and could lead to a number of officials being charged and ordered to stand trial .
It is expected that the first witness will be Dr. William F. Pepper , the international human rights Barrister and Attorney , who was asked by the Court to file an Opinion and testify as an expert on the issue of jurisdiction of the Spanish Court with respect to the various crimes being alleged which include Waging Aggressive War , Kidnapping / Extraordinary Rendition , Arbitrary Detention , War Crimes and Crimes Against Humanity and Torture .
More here :
http://thedesperateblogger.com/2010/02/spanish-inquiry-of-alleged-bush-era-war-crimes-begins-monday/
Today I ’d like to tell you about Firefox Mobile on the N900 , running in conjunction with the new Mozilla Weave web service .
I ’ve been testing them out on my handset for about a month now since the beta release of Fennec ( the codename for Firefox Mobile ) .
The N900 is the first device to get Firefox Mobile but it should also appear on Google Android phones in the near future .
There is talk from Mozilla of an iPhone version too , but Apple are so draconian with 3rd party software I ’m not sure that ’ll happen .
I just ca n’t see them allowing another browser on the iPhone to compete with Safari .
( correction : According to Fab the iPhone has allowed some 3rd party browsers already , see link in comments )
Anyway , here ’s my thoughts upon testing Firefox Mobile for some time .
Facing The Critics :
It seems fashionable with some people to bash Firefox right now and use it as the butt of their jokes .
I think many of them are too quick to forget the great work Mozilla have done for us in spreading Open Source software to the masses .
Many users get their first exposure to the wonderful world of FOSS through the likes of OpenOffice.org and Firefox .
Sure it ’s not perfect , it has it ’s bugs and it can be slow at times too .
But I think the emergence of real competitors like Google Chrome has and will continue to improve Open Source browsers in general .
I like Chromium but Firefox is still the browser of choice on my desktop .
Weave is also an interesting prospect and I ’ll talk more about that in a minute .
I was curious to see if I would like this new compact Firefox quite as much as I like it ’s big brother .
What ’s Weave ?
I mentioned Mozilla Weave earlier , it ’s a new web service designed to make syncing your browsing history , bookmarks , tabs , form data and even passwords easy over multiple installations of Firefox .
Imagine you have Firefox installed on a few different computers around the house , a laptop and a desktop perhaps .
Having them synced up and sharing data means you ’re always up to date whichever machine you ’re on .
There have long been extensions to share bookmarks but this takes it to a whole new level .
Add in the fact that Firefox Mobile supports this on your phone and it becomes a much more interesting prospect .
Wherever I happen to be a quick click on my phone brings up all the tabs I have open on my laptop .
This is all achieved by syncing the data to a remote Mozilla web server and then sharing it between devices .
You have to sign up for an account with Weave which is free , but a lot of people will have serious security concerns about it .
According to Mozilla the data is all encrypted locally before it ’s sent to their server , so even they ca n’t access it without your permission .
I still do n’t trust it with precious things like passwords and form data though , perhaps I ’m paranoid .
I use Weave to sync browsing history , bookmarks and tabs .
It ’s very easy to change these settings and it does n’t share your passwords by default , which is a good thing I think .
It ’ll be interesting to see if it takes off as the browser spreads to more devices .
UI Design :
Obviously mobile devices have much less screen real estate for developers to use and the last thing you want is to have your page blocked out by copious toolbars , “ tool ” being the operative term in that sentence .
The N900 has a pretty respectable 800×480 screen resolution but I ’m still pleased to see the Mozilla guys have thought about using it wisely .
They ’ve done this by hiding extra controls to the left and right of the main display area .
You can expose them by dragging the page left or right with you finger .
To the right you have forward & back buttons , a “ bookmark this page ” shortcut and access to the app settings .
To the left you have tabs and access to Weave integration .
I have to admit I was dubious about this interface design at first and I did n’t think dragging the whole page to the side would work .
It actually becomes second nature pretty quickly and the ability to have multiple pages open in tabs is very cool .
I also like the fact that the “ awesome ” bar works the same as its desktop counterpart .
If you start typing part of an address you ’ve visited before it will narrow down helpful suggestions .
This actually speeds up browsing a lot and in my laziness I use this feature far more than bookmarks .
Having it integrated with your other Firefox installations through Weave makes this much more powerful too .
Firefox Mobile helps you fill out forms quicker and jump between fields which is handy .
Overall the adapted UI works well , despite my initial reservations I got used to it very quickly .
Performance :
This is the area where most people have issues with Firefox and on a mobile device your patience tends to be even shorter .
I have two browsers on the N900 right now : Micro B which is the official Maemo browser , and Firefox Mobile .
There ’s no doubt that Firefox takes longer to start up and performance is generally slower .
The really odd thing about this is that both browsers are Mozilla based so they should be similar .
I do n’t know what they did to speed it up Micro B but they need to pass that knowledge back so Firefox can be improved .
If only Firefox was under the GPL they ’d have to pass it back ( edit : Possibly not , see comments ) , but that ’s another matter .
In fairness the final 1.0 release saw a speed improvement over the beta and RC .
Once the browser is loaded it runs quickly enough but does occasionally bog down and crash .
I can hear the Firefox haters laughing in the distance .
It still needs a little work in this department I feel .
Extensions , But No Flash :
Unlike Micro B
I do n’t seem to have support for Flash in Firefox Mobile .
This may be because Micro B comes pre-tweaked as part of the OS , I do n’t know .
I have my issues with Flash but I do still find support for it important in browsers .
Hopefully that will change as HTML5 takes off , but right now I still want Flash support sorry .
I tend to switch to Micro B to use YouTube and other sites .
Mozilla do n’t want to distribute proprietary software and this is probably the main reason Flash is n’t pre-configured , a position I respect .
It ’s also possible that I could install it myself with a little hacking .
Trying to do that automatically in the browser or via a .deb package did n’t work though .
On a positive note you do have access to extensions in Firefox Mobile , which many people have become used to on the desktop .
I have a few installed and the selection is growing all the time , right now the main one for me is Weave , I do n’t use a lot else .
Conclusions :
I enjoy using Firefox Mobile , particularly in conjunction with Weave and I think there ’s much to commend about it .
However , I ’m afraid the overall impression it leaves is of performance problems which still need to be fixed .
Slowness and random crashes are not something most users will put up with , especially on mobile devices .
I use Micro B a lot more on the N900 because it ’s quicker and more stable .
There are some interesting features in Firefox Mobile and I do think it has great potential for the future , it ’s only just come out of beta so I do n’t want to be too harsh .
How it will fare on other platforms like Android I ’m not sure .
The N900 has pretty quick hardware and I shudder to think how slow it might be on a G1 or other handset .
At the moment the browser situation on the N900 is similar to the one I see on my desktop , and at the same time completely different .
Bear with me I have n’t lost my mind .
It ’s great to have a choice of browsers and competition is always good .
On the desktop I use Firefox 80 % of the time and Chromium the other 20 % .
On the mobile though it ’s Micro B 80 % of the time and Firefox 20 % .
Once the performance improves and I fix flash support that balance may shift .
For now though my verdict on Firefox Mobile 1.0 is nice try , I really like the potential , but come back when it ’s a bit more polished .
You can download Firefox Mobile here .
Also check out the full slideshow for more pics .
Site Currently on Hiatus
This site is currently on hiatus .
Please come back later .
If you would like to purchase this domain , please give me some information about your business and how you plan to use this domain .
Wow .
Atta boy .
And wow again .
Google does n’t say it outright , but it ’s pretty clear to me they ’re blamely the cyber attack on the Chinese govt .
And Google is not amused .
( Emphasis added )
[ W]e have evidence to suggest that a primary goal of the attackers was accessing the Gmail accounts of Chinese human rights activists .
Based on our investigation to date we believe their attack did not achieve that objective .
Only two Gmail accounts appear to have been accessed , and that activity was limited to account information ( such as the date the account was created ) and subject line , rather than the content of emails themselves .
Third , as part of this investigation but independent of the attack on Google , we have discovered that the accounts of dozens of U.S.- , China - and Europe - based Gmail users who are advocates of human rights in China appear to have been routinely accessed by third parties .
These accounts have not been accessed through any security breach at Google , but most likely via phishing scams or malware placed on the users ’ computers … .
We launched Google.cn in January 2006 in the belief that the benefits of increased access to information for people in China and a more open Internet outweighed our discomfort in agreeing to censor some results .
At the time we made clear that “ we will carefully monitor conditions in China , including new laws and other restrictions on our services .
If we determine that we are unable to achieve the objectives outlined we will not hesitate to reconsider our approach to China . ”
These attacks and the surveillance they have uncovered –combined with the attempts over the past year to further limit free speech on the web–have led us to conclude that we should review the feasibility of our business operations in China .
We have decided we are no longer willing to continue censoring our results on Google.cn , and so over the next few weeks we will be discussing with the Chinese government the basis on which we could operate an unfiltered search engine within the law , if at all .
We recognize that this may well mean having to shut down Google.cn , and potentially our offices in China .
The decision to review our business operations in China has been incredibly hard , and we know that it will have potentially far - reaching consequences .
We want to make clear that this move was driven by our executives in the United States , without the knowledge or involvement of our employees in China who have worked incredibly hard to make Google .
cn the success it is today .
We are committed to working responsibly to resolve the very difficult issues raised .
In a clear statement on the absurdity of public funding and regulation of homeopathy , British MPs instructed government to stop paying for homeopathy , shut down homeopathic hospitals , cease all homeopathy clinical trials , and to crack down on homeopathic efficacy claims .
Committee chairman Phil Willis MP said ;
“ We were seeking to determine whether the Government ’s policies on homeopathy are evidence based on current evidence .
They are not . ”
Homeopathy does n’t work .
It ca n’t work .
If it did , physics , biochemistry and pharmacology as pharmacists know it would be false .
Yet this elaborate placebo system persists , supported in part by the pharmacy profession , which seems comfortable selling products with no active ingredients and no evidence of efficacy .
I have blogged previously about the British inquiry into homeopathy , the public relations disaster for Boots the Chemist ( selling their own store brand of homeopathy ) , and the effectiveness of the “ 10 - 23 ” protesters , who staged a mass homeopathic overdose , where , not surprisingly , nothing untoward happened to anyone .
The final report from the British inquiry has been released .
It scrutinized government policies on homeopathy , and gives direction to the National Health Service .
But the recommendations apply to any country ( like Canada ) that legitimizes homeopathy .
Here is the Press Release which summarizes the 273 page report :
In a report published today , the Science and Technology Committee concludes that the NHS should cease funding homeopathy .
It also concludes that the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency ( MHRA ) should not allow homeopathic product labels to make medical claims without evidence of efficacy .
As they are not medicines , homeopathic products should no longer be licensed by the MHRA .
The Committee carried out an evidence check to test if the Government ’s policies on homeopathy were based on sound evidence .
The Committee found a mismatch between the evidence and policy .
While the Government acknowledges there is no evidence that homeopathy works beyond the placebo effect ( where a patient gets better because of their belief in the treatment ) , it does not intend to change or review its policies on NHS funding of homeopathy .
The Committee concurred with the Government that the evidence base shows that homeopathy is not efficacious ( that is , it does not work beyond the placebo effect ) and that explanations for why homeopathy would work are scientifically implausible .
The Committee concluded — given that the existing scientific literature showed no good evidence of efficacy — that further clinical trials of homeopathy could not be justified .
In the Committee ’s view , homeopathy is a placebo treatment and the Government should have a policy on prescribing placebos .
The Government is reluctant to address the appropriateness and ethics of prescribing placebos to patients , which usually relies on some degree of patient deception .
Prescribing of placebos is not consistent with informed patient choice — which the Government claims is very important — as it means patients do not have all the information needed to make choice meaningful .
Beyond ethical issues and the integrity of the doctor - patient relationship , prescribing pure placebos is bad medicine .
Their effect is unreliable and unpredictable and cannot form the sole basis of any treatment on the NHS .
The report also examines the MHRA licensing regime for homeopathic products .
The Committee is particularly concerned over the introduction of the National Rules Scheme ( NRS ) in 2006 , as it allows medical indications on the basis of study reports , literature and homeopathic provings and not on the basis of randomised controlled trials ( RCTs ) – the normal requirement for medicines that make medical claims .
The MHRA ’s user - testing of the label for Arnica Montana 30C — the only product currently licensed under the NRS — was poorly designed , with some parts of the test little more than a superficial comprehension test of the label and other parts actively misleading participants to believe that the product contains an active ingredient .
The product labelling for homeopathic products under all current licensing schemes fails to inform the public that homeopathic products are sugar pills containing no active ingredients .
The licensing regimes and deficient labelling lend a spurious medical legitimacy to homeopathic products .
The last sentence can equally be applied to Health Canada and its Natural Health Products Directorate , which also endeavors to assign unique numbers to indistinguishable bottles of sugar pills .
The major recommendation related to the sale of homeopathy is as follows , and relates to the implied endorsement ( through licensure ) of homeopathic products by the MHRA , which is the UK equivalent to Health Canada or the FDA :
We consider that the way to deal with the sale of homeopathic products is to remove any medical claim and any implied endorsement of efficacy by the MHRA — other than where its evidential standards used to assess conventional medicines have been met — and for the labelling to make it explicit that there is no scientific evidence that homeopathic products work beyond the placebo effect .
Anthony Cox , an English pharmacist who blogs at the excellent Black Triangle blog has the following analysis :
The committee stops short of suggesting homeopathy should not be sold by pharmacies , instead preferring that they are sold honestly .
The central problem with homeopathy is the legitimacy given to it by NHS funding and government regulation .
Tackling that will improve the position pharmacists are put in .
However , there is still plenty of work to be done in pharmacy .
How can it be that there is a registered pharmacy regulated by the Royal Pharmaceutical Society supplying Leptospira , leprosy , and hepatitis remedies openly over the internet ?
It ’s hard to reconcile that pharmacy ’s continued registration with the Society ’s position on homeopathy .
It ’s time to begin the discussion in Canada .
Why does Health Canada states that their approval of a homeopathic product means that it is safe , effective , and of high quality , when it ’s clear that homeopathy is a placebo , and has no active ingredients ?
Why does Health Canada allow anecdotal evidence as evidence of efficacy statements for these products ?
Why are Canadian pharmacies told that the sale of homeopathy is acceptable , when Health Canada has given its stamp of approval ?
And why are Ontario , British Columbia , and other provinces endorsing and expanding the roles for alternative health practitioners , that are trained and “ qualified ” in homeopathic pseudoscience ?
More coverage here :
Black Triangle : Homeopathy and Pharmacy
Ben Goldacre : Parliamentary Sci Tech Committee on Homeopathy
Gimpy ’s Blog : The Evidence Check on Homeopathy – a merciless punch to its vitalist organs ( despite attempts to water down report )
Podblack Cat : Recommendation – Homeopathy Gone From The NHS !
The Quackometer : The Bleakest Day for Homeopathy
Australian Skeptics : UK Government committee recommends public funds pulled from homeopathy
Better Beer Guide [ SEATTLE + ]
finding good beer in and around the emerald city ... and beyond
Callapitter
This is the story of my life and journey after the death of my children .
It may not be pretty , but it 's honest .
There were big expectations from the Bruins this year after two back - to - back surprising seasons .
After posting a 35 - 41 - 6 season in 2006 - 2007 and being thoroughly lambasted by the media for dealing star - forward Joe Thornton to the Sharks the previous year , the Bruins finished with an unexpected 94 points .
That was good enough to squeak into the playoffs as the eight seed .
They even pushed a heavily favoured Montreal squad to seven games .
Last year , the Bruins shocked many pundits by winning the Eastern Conference by a wide margin and narrowly missing the President ’s Trophy by only one point .
The Bruins were eventually ousted in the second round , but their young squad appeared set to contend with the elite teams in the Eastern Conference .
It has n’t exactly worked out that way so far this year .
In fact , the Bruins sit tied for 9th in the East and just recently snapped a 10 game winless streak by beating the Canadiens in Montreal .
So what ’s wrong with the Bruins ?
What happened to last year ’s powerhouse ?
1. Pedestrian goaltending by Tim Thomas
Last year ’s Vezina Trophy winner has n’t looked bad statistically ( he has a .915 save percentage , which is 17th in the league , and 2.52 goals against , which is 18th in the league ) , but he ’s only won 13 games and is being totally outplayed by the young Tuukka Rask ( .925 % and 2.11 GAA ) .
Rask 's emergence makes Thomas ’ 4 year , $ 20 million dollar contract seem like a bad investment .
This is especially true when you consider the Bruins had to let Phil Kessel go due to cap reasons and are currently the lowest scoring team in the league .
Thomas ’ name is surfacing in rumours , with teams like Chicago and Washington being linked to the Bruins .
2. Injuries
Injuries have hammered the Bruins so far this year .
Marc Savard has missed 23 games , Milan Lucic has missed 32 games , Andrew Ference has missed 14 games , and both Marco Sturm and Patrice Bergeron have missed 6 games .
The only players to play in all 57 games so far are Zdeno Chara , Blake Wheeler , Mark Recchi , and Michael Ryder .
3. Regression by young players
The Bruins benefitted from career years from almost all their young players last season .
David Krejci scored 73 points , Dennis Wideman scored 50 , Blake Wheeler scored 45 , and Milan Lucic scored 42 ( while drawing premature comparisons to Cam Neely ) .
This year , Krejci is on pace for 43 , Wideman 25 ( with an ugly - 16 ) , and Lucic 16 ( also a - 8 ) .
Only Blake
Wheeler is on pace to match last year ’s production ( on pace for 43 points ) , which is n’t overly prolific .
4 . The loss of Phil Kessel
It remains to be seen whether or not the two first round picks the Bruins received from the Leafs provide better long - term value over Kessel ( probably ) , but the loss of Kessel certainly hurt the Bruins in the short - term .
Losing Kessel removed a 36 goal scorer from the Bruins line - up without any adequate replacement .
Kessel , despite missing the first month of the season , already has four more goals than the Bruins ’ highest scorer and is one pace to score 29 ( that ’s more than any other Bruins player aside from Kessel scored last year ) .
Everyone questioned whether or not Kessel could succeed without Savard , but it looks like Savard is having a harder time adjusting to playing without Kessel .
5. Reliance on older players
If a team is to remain successful without meaningful contributions from their young players , they need to receive production from their veterans .
Unfortunately , Savard has been hurt and the rest of the Bruins veteran players have produced little .
Ryder is on pace for only his second sub - 20 goal season ; Mark Recchi is playing well above his head , but only has 29 points ; and Marco Sturm is looking more like the 40 point player he was in San Jose , rather than the 50 + point player he was before signing an extension to stay with the Bruins .
The lack of goals got so bad that the Bruins signed former Evgeni Malkin coat - tail rider , Miroslav Satan , for the remainder of the season .
At this point the Bruins do not look like a playoff team .
They still have 25 games remaining to prove otherwise , but it seems like they will need to make a major move at the deadline to solidify their spot in the post - season .
Otherwise , they can continue to plummet and end up with the number 1 and 2 picks in the draft .
Stan Lee , creator of the Spider - Man character , poses at the premiere of " Spider - Man 2 , " in Los Angeles , June 22 , 2004 .
REUTERS / Fred Prouser
LOS ANGELES ( Reuters ) - Stan Lee , co-creator of some of the world ’s most famous superheroes , is creating a new comic book series -- and writing a leading role for himself .
Lee , 87 , who helped create Spider - Man , Iron Man , and The Incredible Hulk , is working on a multimedia series called “ Super Seven ” for print , online broadcast and retail in late 2010 , Lee and his business partners said on Wednesday .
The series is about seven aliens who find themselves stranded on Earth after their spaceship crashes and are befriended by Lee himself .
Lee becomes their leader and enables them to resume their lives as superheroes on earth .
“ Nothing is more exciting to me , as a writer , than creating a new type of story or introducing a new theme .
Although I ’ve briefly appeared in other comics , ‘ Super Seven ’ is the first time that I ’ll actually be a continuing character in a far - out , original superhero series , ” Lee said in a statement .
Lee and his then collaborator Jack Kirby appeared as themselves on the cover of a 1963 “ Fantastic Four ” comic book , and Lee has appeared in cameo roles in many of the movies based on the characters he helped to create for Marvel Comics .
“ Super Seven ” is to be introduced as a comic book and an animated series in the fall of 2010 .
Lee ’s POW !
Entertainment is working with Archie Comics , whose franchises include “ Sabrina The Teenage Witch ” , and Los Angeles - based multimedia brand company A Squared Entertainment on the project which will also have a digital component .
In the last presidential election , Dubya was so toxic that the Republicans did n’t even want him to come speak at their national convention .
But I guess Mitt Romney has decided to rehabilitate him .
In a speech yesterday at the CPAC convention , Romney said :
I am convinced that history will judge President Bush far more kindly — he pulled us from a deepening recession following the attack of 9 - 11 , he overcame teachers unions to test schoolchildren and evaluate schools , he took down the Taliban , waged a war against the jihadists and was not afraid to call it what it is — a war , and he kept us safe .
I respect his silence even in the face of the assaults on his record that come from this administration .
In other words , black is white , night is day .
Taking these claims from bottom to top :
Romney is trying to pin blame for Dubya ’s bad reputation on Democrats , hypocritically adding “ When it comes to pinning blame , pin the tail on the donkeys . ”
But he ignores the many conservatives who were vocal about the failures of the Bush administration .
Romney wants to blame the Democrats , for blaming Bush .
Blame game !
“ He kept us safe ” ?
Seriously ?
What about 9/11 , anthrax in the mail , and the shoe bomber ?
Not to mention hurricane Katrina and mad cow disease .
“ not afraid to call it what it is — a war ” .
Dubya wanted badly to be a war president .
I guess he was n’t afraid to lie his way into becoming one .
“ took down the Taliban ” ?
Then why are we still fighting a war in Afghanistan ?
Bush distracted himself with a stupid war in Iraq ; he was too busy to take down the Taliban .
“ he overcame teacher ’s unions to test schoolchildren ” .
If Romney wants to claim “ No Child Left Behind ” was a success , I guess that ’s his right .
And I suppose Romney can claim that fighting teacher ’s unions is an accomplishment , since we all know that those bad , evil teachers are to blame for what ’s wrong with America .
“ he pulled us from a deepening recession following the attack of 9 - 11 ” .
By spending trillions of dollars on two wars , which increased the deficit astronomically .
In the same speech Romney attacked Obama for adding “ to the burden of debt we will leave future generations . ”
And then , to top it off , Bush presided over the worst recession since the Great Depression .
Romney also attacked health care reform , claiming “ Obamacare is bad care for America . ”
But he failed to mention that he worked for health care reform in Massachusetts , which was used as one of the primary models for what he now derisively calls “ Obamacare ” .
Of course , the real reason Romney is saying these things is to kiss up to the old Republican establishment , so he can become their candidate for president .
The traditional Republican political machine must be desperate for an alternative to Sarah Palin .
© Mario Piperni
Noah Mae ( second from left ) dreams in Hebrew , but does not know the Philippine language Tagalog
By Katya Adler
BBC News , Jerusalem
Five little girls giggle and scream with delight as they chase each other round the playground , their pigtails flying as they run .
The girls ' parents come from the Philippines , Thailand and Sudan but they sing , shout and chat together in Hebrew .
Like her friends , bright - eyed , eight - year - old Noah Mae was born in Israel .
This is her home , she says .
I 've come to meet her at a community centre run by the Israeli Scouts movement in southern Tel Aviv .
She proudly shows me her schoolbook , where she got top marks for her Hebrew writing and spelling .
Here parents might come from the Philippines but she feels truly Israeli .
Hebrew is the language she dreams in , she tells me .
Pressure groups But Israel 's government now wants Noah Mae to leave .
Here it 's illegal for migrant workers to have children .
Hundreds of families face expulsion from Israel this summer .
More than 1,000 children , including Noah Mae , expect to be deported at the end of their school year .
' Mama , ' she said to me , ' I am Israeli .
I was born here and I will stay here .'
Emily Cabradilla
Mother of Noah Mae Noah May 's mother , Emily Cabradilla , together with a number of Israeli pressure groups , is trying to fight the government 's plan to include the children in a crackdown on illegal immigrants .
She said it broke her heart when she heard the news .
" Noah Mae has never been to the Philippines .
How can I tell her she 's going home ?
She hardly speaks a word of Tagalog .
" She says she wo n't leave Israel .
' Mama , ' she said to me , ' I am Israeli .
I was born here and I will stay here . '"
But laws in Israel make it extremely hard for people to stay , to become citizens , if they are not Jewish .
Right from its birth , Israel called itself the Jewish State .
This is a country built for and built by immigrants from all over the world but with a key common factor - a Jewish heritage .
According to Israel 's Prime Minister , Benjamin Netanyahu , controlling immigration is largely about preserving Israel 's Jewish character .
His government intends to deport all illegal immigrants by 2013 and also to drastically reduce the number of legal foreign workers in Israel .
In the face of some public opposition to the government 's policy , Israel 's Interior Minister and Deputy Prime Minister , Eli Yishai , accused Israelis of being hypocritical and sanctimonious .
" Do n't they [ the foreign workers ] threaten the Zionist project of the State of Israel ? " he asked .
Mr Yishai caused an outcry in the autumn when he accused migrant workers of bringing with them " a profusion of diseases : hepatitis , measles , tuberculosis , Aids and drug ( addiction ) " .
And the plan to deport the children proved so controversial the government has delayed it from last summer until the end of the 2010 school year .
' Like a stranger '
A new immigration police force - the Oz Unit - now patrols Israel 's streets as part of the government crackdown .
We accompanied a team of policemen around the old central bus station in southern Tel Aviv .
The teeming , narrow pedestrian alleys here reveal a social world rarely seen in Israel .
Here Chinese men sell cigarettes and children 's clothes , Sudanese refugees hawk CDs and DVDs while Philippine and Thai women share a joke on a street corner .
Israel increased the number of work permits it issued to South East Asian workers in particular after the start of the second Palestinian uprising .
Many Tel Aviv migrant workers look uncomfortable as the police approach
They 've taken the place of Palestinian workers ; Israel 's government severely restricts their permits and presence in Israel for security reasons , it says .
Everyone here looks uncomfortable as the police approach .
Commander Igal Ben Ami says he does n't enjoy deporting people who have made friends and have a life here but he says he has to follow orders .
" Look around this part of town , " he says , listing to me dozens of nationalities who hang out here , especially at night .
" This is an Israeli street , a Jewish street , but I feel the stranger here . "
Mr Netanyahu says Israel will always open its doors to refugees from war - stricken countries but will not let thousands of foreign workers " flood the country " .
History of persecution
While his government speaks of the need to expel non-Jewish migrant workers and their children born here , it sponsors organisations that encourage Jewish people from all over the world to move to Israel .
Especially in the shadow of the Holocaust , many Jews chose to come and live here
Mark Rosenberg
Nefesh B'Nefesh Israel insists this has nothing at all to do with racism .
Most here feel having a Jewish state is important considering the Jewish people 's long history of persecution .
Mark Rosenberg works for Nefesh B'Nefesh , a group that encourages Jews to move to Israel .
He explains that Israel offers citizenship to anyone with a Jewish grandparent , because under the Nazis anyone with a Jewish grandparent was eligible to be murdered in the gas chambers .
" Especially in the shadow of the Holocaust , many Jews chose to come and live here - 85 % of the country is Jewish .
The idea is that this nation is a homeland where Jews can be free . "
But the children of foreign workers in Israel say they know no other home .
Israeli governments used to turn a blind eye but no longer .
' Punished ' Young Israeli campaigner Rotem Ilan heads the Children of Israel organisation .
She says children like Noah Mae are being punished for a crime they did n't commit .
The fact that they were born in Israel is Israel 's responsibility , she insists .
It allowed the children 's parents to come here .
Her organisation is one of a number of NGOs organising protests against the children 's deportation .
" For 20 years Israeli governments have turned a blind eye to these children .
They are now part of the fabric of this country .
They go to school here .
They celebrate the same holidays as us .
If there is something we [ Jews ] have learned from our history is that you must not , you cannot deport children . "
Israel 's government did not respond to our requests for an interview .
Noah Mae and her friends hope politicians may yet change their minds and let them stay .
And how will she feel if they do n't ?
" Bad , " she said sadly .
" I love Israel . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A Mexican drug cartel kingpin accused of dissolving victims in barrels of lye and waging a terror campaign that turned Tijuana into one of Mexico ’s most dangerous cities was captured early Tuesday in the port city of La Paz , federal authorities said .
Teodoro Garcia Simental , blamed for a years - long campaign of massacres , beheadings and kidnappings that chased away tourists and caused social upheaval in northern Baja California , was arrested by Mexican federal police without the suspect firing a shot , and immediately flown to Mexico City .
The heavyset Garcia , believed to be in his mid-30s , with close - trimmed hair and a goatee , scowled and dabbed at his mouth as he was paraded before television cameras at a police base wearing a zippered warm - up jacket .
Better known for savage killing rampages than narco - business acumen , the man nicknamed “ El Teo ” bedeviled Mexican authorities for years and narrowly escaped capture several times .
Last January , authorities arrested the man they said admitted being Garcia ’s body disposal expert .
Known as El Pozolero , or “ the stew maker , ” he claimed , authorities said , to have dissolved 300 bodies in barrels of caustic chemicals .
Mexican federal authorities , acting on intelligence provided by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration , said they tracked Garcia down after a five - month surveillance operation .
He was captured in an upscale area in the southern part of the city .
“ Today another Mexican cartel leader was taken off the street and is no longer able to carry out his bloody turf war , ” said Michele Leonhart , acting administrator of the DEA .
“ This was not an isolated event :
It exemplifies the growing effectiveness of our information sharing with [ Mexican President Felipe Calderon ’s ] administration , and our continued commitment to defeat the drug traffickers who have plagued both our nations . ”
Though Garcia was not considered to be in the top echelon of Mexican drug lords , few reputed crime bosses have had such a ruinous effect on a region .
Mexican authorities say he was responsible for hundreds of killings during a nearly two - year power struggle with rivals in the Arellano Felix drug cartel , in which he had once been a top - ranking lieutenant .
Garcia is said to have branched out from traditional drug trafficking and focused his criminal empire on extortion and kidnapping , targeting all levels of society .
During his reign , hundreds , perhaps thousands , of Tijuana residents moved out of the border city to avoid being kidnapped , and more than 42 police officers were killed .
“ It ’s a very good day for Tijuana , ” said former resident Gabriel Benavides , whose family moved to a San Diego suburb after a loved one was kidnapped by Garcia ’s crew in 2005 .
“ He caused great pain to so many people . ”
The arrest was a dose of good news amid a spectacular surge in violence in drug - trafficking zones across Mexico .
The country had already seen unprecedented bloodshed resulting from gang turf wars and the government ’s 3 - year - old crackdown on organized crime .
In Tijuana , where more than 30 people have died this month , government officials hope that Garcia ’s arrest will bring some tranquillity .
His main rival , Fernando Sanchez Arellano , could fill the power vacuum and impose order in the criminal underworld .
But many observers warned that there could be fresh rounds of violence if one of Garcia ’s lieutenants makes a power play .
Garcia started as an errand boy for the Arellano Felix cartel and reputedly rose to power as the leader of a cell that turned kidnappings for ransom into a rich vein of revenue .
Hundreds of residents -- attorneys , prominent businessmen , doctors -- were abducted and held at safe houses across the city .
When Sanchez Arellano , the cartel leader , tried to rein in his lieutenant , Garcia resisted and war broke out after a shootout between the rival gangs in April 2008 that left at least 13 people dead .
Much of Tijuana became a battleground and Garcia gained notoriety for ruthless and depraved tactics .
Rivals were massacred , burned and tossed into vacant lots .
Mutilated bodies were hung from freeway overpasses .
Last year , Mexican authorities started striking hard against Garcia , arresting several of his lieutenants in blows that choked off revenue and depleted his ranks of enforcers .
Authorities last January came close to arresting Garcia at a resort south of Rosarito Beach where his gang was gathering for a party .
He eluded capture by escaping down the beach that is popular with American retirees .
In recent months , the manhunt intensified and Garcia avoided going to Tijuana .
Authorities had narrowed his whereabouts to southern Baja California and pinpointed his house through electronic surveillance of his telephone , according to a U.S. law enforcement official .
richard.marosi@latimes.com
ken.ellingwood@latimes.com
Times staff writer Tracy Wilkinson in Mexico City contributed to this report .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - About 13 million Time Warner Cable Inc subscribers were to lose most
Fox programing at midnight on Thursday unless the cable service provider reached a last - minute deal to pay fees to News Corp to broadcast the shows .
" Fox Business Morning " correspondents Jenna Lee ( top ) and Nicole Petallides can be seen on the screens in the control room during the debut of the Fox Business Network in New York October 15 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Lucas Jackson
Talks heated up as the deadline approached but the two sides were deadlocked on some key points , according to a person familiar with the negotiations who spoke on condition of anonymity .
News Corp , which owns Fox , wants Time Warner Cable to pay $ 1 per subscriber per month for the right to carry Fox Networks ’ free - to - air broadcast shows such as “ American Idol , ” “ The Simpsons ” and “ House , ” as well as sports programing like NFL and college football games .
Subscribers could lose Fox programing in cities like New York , Los Angeles , Dallas and Orlando .
Fox ’s dispute with Time Warner Cable is also about higher affiliate fees for several entertainment and sports cable networks including FX , Speed , Fuel and Fox Soccer Channel .
The discussions do not include Fox News and Fox Business .
The Federal Communications Commission chair Julian Genachowski on Thursday proposed a temporary deal .
“ I have urged Fox and Time Warner Cable to agree to a temporary extension of carriage if they do not come to terms on a new carriage agreement today , in order to prevent disruption to their viewers . ”
Time Warner Cable on Thursday said it had urged Fox to agree to a 30 - day cooling - off period proposed by New York congressman Steve Israel so Fox shows could remain on the cable operator ’s network at least till January ’s end .
The cable company said it agreed with both the FCC chair and the congressman .
Fox was not immediately available with a response .
Time Warner Cable has balked at the so - called retransmission fee .
Its executives privately point to deals with smaller affiliate TV broadcasters at about 20 - 25 cents a subscriber .
Time Warner Cable is wary of setting a precedent .
Besides Fox , the other three major U.S. broadcast networks -- CBS Corp ’s CBS , Walt Disney Co’s ABC and General Electric Co’s NBC -- will all be pushing to be paid cash per subscriber as their advertising - reliant business suffers .
CBS , the No. 1 U.S. broadcast network , has talked about getting paid about 50 cents a subscriber .
The prospect of sports fans losing access to college football games during the Bowl Championship Series also prompted U.S. Sen .
John Kerry to intervene last week with a suggestion of arbitration by U.S. regulators .
But News Corp turned down the proposal on Wednesday , saying a deal needs to be hammered out at a bargaining table and not in the hands of a third party .
News Corp Chief Operating Officer Chase Carey told staff on Wednesday afternoon that it looked likely that Fox ’s channels would go off the air on Time Warner Cable systems .
Broadcast TV networks have struggled with falling ratings as viewers spend more time watching cable networks , or catching shows on the Internet at sites like Hulu.com .
Broadcasters also say they are grappling with rising programing costs , particularly with sports .
The broadcasters now want to rework their business model to be more like that of cable networks , which earn revenue from both advertising and affiliate fees paid by cable and satellite service providers .
Fox Networks Chief Executive Tony Vinciquerra told Reuters on Tuesday that $ 1 a subscriber would be a “ reasonable step ” in the right direction and predicted other broadcasters might follow suit .
Time Warner Cable , which split off from parent Time Warner Inc earlier this year , is also negotiating on behalf of Bright House Networks .
( Reporting by Yinka Adegoke , editing by Tiffany Wu and Matthew Lewis , Gary Hill )
A team of scientists led by Dr Simon Richardson at the University of Greenwich has got a step closer to one of the holy grails of drug delivery .
The goal -- to find a vehicle that can carry drugs not just to a specific cell but a specific organ ( organelle ) inside the cell , and accurately measure how it behaves when it gets there -- has proved elusive despite two decades of research , according to the Journal of Controlled Release , a top international scientific publication .
Now the journal has given the new research front page billing , saying in an editorial that Richardson and colleagues provide direct evidence , for the first time , that nanomedicines can be delivered to select organelles and manipulated to carry beneficial agents like genes .
Dr Richardson says : " Drug delivery is important for everyone because it has the potential to deliver new treatments for diseases which are currently incurable ; and to deliver existing drugs more effectively . "
" We are trying to smuggle healthy genes inside cells .
Genes are large molecules which have up till now proved too big to get in without serious risk to the patient .
Our research is at the cutting edge of efforts to turn gene therapy , and new molecular medicines , from risky and sci-fiesque to safe and routine . "
As well as proving that material like genes can be delivered to the target organelle , the team was also able to show how the delivery vehicle behaves once inside .
Editor of the Journal of Controlled Release , Professor Kinam Park , said the study was " distinguished from others by its thoroughness and unequivocal data " and concludes : " … the approach used by Richardson 's team can be useful in developing more efficient delivery vehicles for drug targeting in general . "
Dear Pat Robertson ,
I know that you know that all press is good press , so I appreciate the shout - out .
And you make God look like a big mean bully who kicks people when they are down , so I ’m all over that action .
But when you say that Haiti has made a pact with me , it is totally humiliating .
I may be evil incarnate , but I ’m no welcher .
The way you put it , making a deal with me leaves folks desperate and impoverished .
Sure , in the afterlife , but when I strike bargains with people , they first get something here on earth — glamour , beauty , talent , wealth , fame , glory , a golden fiddle .
Those Haitians have nothing , and I mean nothing .
And that was before the earthquake .
Have n’t you seen “ Crossroads ” ?
Or “ Damn Yankees ” ?
If I had a thing going with Haiti , there ’d be lots of banks , skyscrapers , SUVs , exclusive night clubs , Botox — that kind of thing .
An 80 percent poverty rate is so not my style .
Nothing against it —
I ’m just saying : Not how I roll .
You ’re doing great work , Pat , and I do n’t want to clip your wings — just , come on , you ’re making me look bad .
And not the good kind of bad .
Keep blaming God .
That ’s working .
But leave me out of it , please .
Or we may need to renegotiate your own contract .
Best , Satan
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. , trying to show it is responsive to public pressure over its pay , said Chairman and Chief Executive Lloyd Blankfein would get a $ 9 million bonus for 2009 , a fraction of the $ 68.5 million payout he got in 2007 .
Friday 's announcement was one of the most highly anticipated pay figures in Wall Street history .
As Goldman rebounded in 2009 to its most profitable year ever , the 55 - year - old Mr. Blankfein became the focus of anger about sky - high bonuses on Wall Street .
That criticism continued even after Goldman ...
One of the most striking features of Conservative Discourse is how much of it badly , dumbly mimics antiquated academic research .
By which I mean , an immense proportion of what " conservatives " produce in the name of " commentary " constitutes cod-sociological studies of that Dangerous Alien Tribe , homo liberalicus Americanus .
Their conclusions are astonishing , not to mention pretty frickin ' hilarious , at least when not appallingly offensive ; but what I 'm getting at is that the mode of their inquiries is more telling than the idiocy of their findings .
Which is to say , they do n't know how crazy they are .
Dennis Prager , to the microscope please .
One of the major differences between the right and the left concerns the question of authority :
To whom do we owe obedience and who is the ultimate moral authority ?
For the right , the primary moral authority is God ( or , for secular conservatives , Judeo - Christian values ) , followed by parents .
Of course , government must also play a role , but it is ultimately accountable to God and it should do nothing to undermine parental authority .
For the left , the state and its government are the supreme authorities , while parental and divine authority are seen as impediments to state authority .
This is not actually an attempt to understand or explain anything ; it 's an assertion that Liberals Hate God , and also Parents .
It 's fairly easy to demonstrate that this is all childish crap , as far as understanding how anything actually works goes .
First , God .
There exists , one might have noticed , considerable disagreement about this Personage and what this Personage enjoins humanity to do .
Hell , some of us do n't think this Personage even exists !
But , well , we 're all stuck in this wacky country together .
So , we agreed , whatever we believe about prayer & so forth , let 's all just stop at the red lights so we do n't crash our cars .
I suppose you might say there 's a specifically " Judeo - Christian " element to not enjoying random car accidents , but my Musselman , Hindoo , Druid , & Godless Swine pals all disagree , for some reason .
From an immediately logical perspective , Prager 's problem is that in his ideology , he can't conceive of The State as anything other than an alien , outside force ... like his God , apparently .
But , you know , this is an illiberal notion -- classically so !
Le etat , c'est nous !
For liberals , yes , " state authority " is the final word ... after everyone has had their say in , like , an election .
Which I guess explains why " conservatives " are the ones liable to invoke God about a discussion of , like , the fucking capital gains tax .
Or at least waterhead " conservatives " of the Prager class :
Let 's begin with God. From Karl Marx -- " man is God ; " " religion is the opiate of the people " -- to today 's left in America and elsewhere , God and God - based religion , specifically Judaism and Christianity ( Islam , too , but in the West , Islam has played little role ) have been the primary obstacles to leftist victory .
This is what is called " bad historiography " in the sense that it commits the classic error of " issuing insanely broad theses that are indistinguishable from just making shit up . "
That is why the further left a government or an ideology , the more it has opposed religion .
The first targets of Lenin and Stalin were churches , synagogues and clergy .
At the modern Western university , the epicenter of leftist ideology , the same has held true .
The Oberlin Archipelago : a testament to Human Endurance in the face of Having to take a Gen Ed Humanities Class .
But mama , here is where the fun is :
Another proof that it is leftism , not secularism , that animates the left 's attacks on Judeo - Christian public expressions and influence on public policy is that when left - wing positions are enunciated by religious spokesmen , the left supports them .
Clergy that are anti-war , " green " or for same - sex marriage , for example , are celebrated by the left .
Many left - wing Jews and Christians believe in God .
But the God that most leftists believe in is the same in name , not in characteristics .
The God left - wing believers affirm is largely a non-judging God , a loving friend in heaven ( or increasingly likely , in nature ) .
He is found in trees much more than in moral demands .
Gosh .
Here is where I am confused .
I 'm thinking of my father in law .
He 's retired , and spends all of his free time helping poor people in his parish do stuff like fix their plumbing .
For vacations he goes on Catholic Worker missions to the rural poor & helps fix their houses .
Similarly , my mom , who died last fall , was a highly intelligent & resourceful woman who spent the best part of her adult life working as a social worker at a palliative care hospital in the Bronx .
Both : very religious .
Both : leftist .
Neither : worshiped or worship trees .
( But who cares if they did anyhow ?
If your roof was leaking and you got help fixing it , or your mom was dying and you got help figuring out the nightmarish paperwork , why would you give a shit if your benefactor venerated willows ?
Or did n't ? )
Which gets to the bone .
Dennis Prager just called my mom a dupe and a fool -- she failed to believe in a judgmental God who is not a loving friend in heaven .
Because she was a liberal .
Pretty terrifying !
For reasons I can't remotely fathom !
Actually I 'm pretty sure my mom was impelled by a very clear sense of what the moral demands of her faith were -- care for those clearly in need and shut up about everything else , because you 're not God .
In other words , work to make people 's lives better , and let everything metaphysical take care of itself .
If this be " leftism , " may God bless it .
Or may your idol bless it .
Or your rhododendron .
Or your left nut .
Or forget the damn blessings , and just go do it .
The dark humor of Prager 's conclusion :
In a nutshell , the left wants to have ever - expanding authority over people 's lives through ever - expanding governmental powers .
It does so because it regards itself as more enlightened than others .
Others are either enemies ( the right ) or unenlightened masses .
It is elected by demonizing its enemies and doling out money and jobs to the masses .
How awful those leftists , " doling out money and jobs to the masses . "
Sounds like a plan , truth be told .
Let 's get to it .
That 'll really stick it to our rightist demon enemies , who think the " masses " should NOT have jobs and money .
As presumably the Right - wing God intended .
From Hell 's heart , etc .
If you have n't read " Axe Cop , " then you probably have n't been on the internet recently , because this thing has gone viral .
The story of a cop with an axe , and his adventures with dinosaurs , unicorn babies , and bad guys with pretzels for heads , this wonderfully absurd webcomic was created by 5 - year - old Malachai Nicolle , and illustrated by his older brother Ethan Nicolle , who also created the Eisner - nominated " Chumble Fuzz . "
ComicsAlliance had a chance to speak with both of the creators in separate interviews .
After our quick chat with Malachai , we had a conversation with Ethan about the origin of " Axe Cop , " why he made the switch to from graphic novels to webcomics , and what it 's like to become an overnight phenomenon by accident .
But first , a few words from the writer :
ComicsAlliance :
Where did you get the idea for " Axe Cop " ?
Malachai Nicolle : I thought of it on Christmas .
CA : Do you like policemen ?
MN : No , I like dinosaurs .
CA : How do you and your brother make the comic together ?
MN : I 'm on Skype and and I tell him what to draw and he does it .
Did you see some of them ?
CA : I saw all of them , and I think they 're great .
Are you going to do more " Axe Cop " comics with him ?
MN : Yes .
Soon .
There is going to be a another comic .
It 's called " Moon Warriors . "
When it 's nighttime the " Moon Warriors " are awake .
In the morning , they 're asleep .
They 're ninjas .
CA : What is Axe Cop going to do next ?
MN : He 's gonna go back for more tryouts .
ComicsAlliance : Congratulations on all the attention you 've been getting for " Axe Cop " !
It seems like things have blown up really fast for you guys .
Ethan Nicolle : Yeah , we 're having problems with our website .
Even though we 're on a dedicated server , the company said that they 've never seen anything like this in terms of traffic , even on their biggest sites .
We 've had 97,000 unique visits over the last two days .
It 's crazy ; it 's awesome .
I 've never experienced anything at all like this .
CA : So how did you two first come up with the idea ?
EN : I visited him for a week during Christmas , and he was playing with a toy axe .
He always wants me to play with him , and he usually wants to play dinosaurs , but he comes up to me with the axe and says , " Do you want to play Axe Cop ? "
And I say , " You have no idea how genius that is . "
So I ask if I can be a cop , and he says sure , and comes out with this recorder .
So I say , " Flute Cop ?
I do n't want to be Flute Cop . "
So he trades with me , because he does n't care .
So we 're Axe Cop and Flute Cop , and I say , " What are we going to do ? "
And he says , " Sign up here , we 're gonna fight dinosaurs . "
So I said , let 's go cut their heads off .
And I go , " Oh , now I 've got blood all over me , " because a guy my age thinks it 's funny for blood to squirt everywhere .
But then he says , " I got it on me too , and I turned into a dinosaur soldier ! "
By the time we got to that point , I realized that if I were to draw this out like an old school comic and take it totally seriously , it would just be so funny .
I figured I was just being partial , though -- I drew the comic for my family so I never really expected to share it .
But I posted it online on my Facebook , and my friends thought it was funny , so I asked [ Malachai ] what would happen next .
He had a friend over that had a telescope , so suddenly we had Telescope Gun Cop .
I just started quizzing him on what happens next in the story , and then I translated it onto the page .
CA : What made you decide to turn it from something for family and friends into a larger webcomic project ?
EN : Well , I 'd been working on a new graphic novel , but in comics , you do n't make any money on books unless you 're Marvel and DC .
You work all this time on a book , you get it done , and you have maybe a month of promotion .
After that , it 's done .
No one 's hearing about it and it 's over .
But with a webcomic you 've constantly updating online ; you can constantly be interviewing and doing promotion , and you 're also open to a market that does n't necessarily read [ print ] comics .
So I figured , if I 'm not going to make any money at all on a comic book , why not try a webcomic and see if I can build my own thing ?
Also , if you sign with a publisher , they get a big chunk of the money on your merchandise , but I can just sell my own t- shirts online .
Ultimately , I 'd love to make " Axe Cop " a graphic novel , once we get enough content .
I 've already been approached by literary agents and people outside the comic book industry .
CA : So this kind of viral success was the plan from the beginning ?
EN : It was something we planned for way , way in the future .
We just did [ " Axe Cop " ] as a test , because I wanted to do this other webcomic based on my other graphic novel that I 'm planning on putting out in a month or two .
And I figured , " I 've got this silly comic , why do n't we just practice with it and build a website for it and try to get into the viral thing ? "
Originally , I thought a small fraction of people would think this was a cute comic .
We just did n't see it getting this big .
CA : It 's interesting that you mention the wider audience that 's available with webcomics , because " Axe Cop " seems to have struck a nerve with a lot of different demographics .
EN : I mean , that 's what has been amazing about " Axe Cop . "
Its audience is much larger than just people who read comic books .
And I think that also happened because I made it for my family and not the comic book industry .
My family is every demographic .
CA : What 's the other webcomic that you had originally planned to do next ?
EN : It 's called " Bearmageddon . "
Bears take over the world .
It 's kind of like " Zombieland " or " Shaun of the Dead , " but with bears .
It 's a group of slackers who end up stuck with this guy who 's this Davey Crockett - meets - Wolverine guy woodsman , and they have save the world from bears .
It 's got horror , comedy , action .
CA : Are you both planning to continue making new " Axe Cop " comics on a regular basis ?
EN : Yeah , I 'm working on # 6 right now .
And I 'm not sure if you 've seen " Ask Axe Cop , " but those are [ comics too ] .
I want to feel out the process with Malachai , but I do n't want to put too much pressure on the family .
I thought it might be hard to get stories out of him , but lately he 's been so excited that they 're just pouring out , but because of his age I do n't want to put too much pressure on him to have to have stories on a schedule .
CA : With the " Ask Axe Cop " segments , are you just asking Malachai the questions people send in and making comics of his answers ?
EN : Yeah , and he loves answering them .
He gets so excited .
He calls me every day now and asks if we 're going to answer more questions .
He said , " How many questions are there ? "
And I told him we 've received about 175 questions , and to him that 's just the biggest number ever .
CA : Has Malachai always been interested in telling stories and this kind of imaginative play ?
EN : I always thought he was hilarious .
He 's a fun kid who loves people .
He does n't hesitate when you ask him a question about the story , he just says the first thing that comes into his head , it just pops right out .
At the end of episode 4 , I had n't asked him about dialogue , and I got to that last panel where they give that dog the power of speech .
I had this empty voice balloon , and no idea what to say .
So I called Malachai and asked him what the dogs should say .
And he says , " I know an important mis
sion . " [ laughs ]
It 's this awesome cliffhanger ending for the comic .
CA : Malachai told me that he'd been thinking about a new comic called " Moon Warriors . "
Are you launching that as a separate comic ?
EN : We 've been talking about it , and I 'm going to try to tie it into " Axe Cop , " and have Axe Cop either join or fight the Moon Warriors ; I do n't know if they 're good guys or bad guys yet .
These ninjas -- I think they live on the moon .
It 's not planned yet .
It literally happens as it comes out of his mouth .
For the next installment of " Axe Cop , " he gave me this really epic story that I 'm probably going to break up into two or three part and it has a lot to do with the Uni-Family and the Uni-Baby : where they come from ; how they got their horns ; how the baby got lost and how Axe Cop found him .
CA : I like the origin story angle -- you did that with episode zero too , and it 's such a comic book thing to do .
EN : Episode zero was something [ Malachai ] suggested just with his little kid humor , and I go , " Actually , in comics , they do do an episode zero ; it 's the origin story that tells about when they were a little kid and how they grew up . "
So then he wanted to do that .
CA : Well , it seems like you 've gotten on top of all the attention pretty fast , launching new content and even t- shirt sales in a very short amount of time .
EN : I actually had to call my work and tell them that I can't come to work for the next two days .
I had to weigh it , because I might lose my job .
I mean , I 'm doing freelance , but they might drop me .
It 's kinda scary , but this is the opportunity of a lifetime , and I need to be putting content out and keeping people interested , because what happens now is make or break .
CA : You 've also done a graphic novel called with Slave Labor Graphics , called " Chumble Spuzz . "
How does this experience compare to your work on a traditional graphic novel ?
EN : I 'd love people to check out " Chumble Spuzz . "
It was a book from SLG that was nominated for an Eisner for Best Humor Publication .
I think it 's the funniest thing I 've ever done .
It 's kind of an oddball humor comic , though , and humor comics do n't sell very well .
There are some free previews that people can check out if they 're curious .
But it 's funny , because [ " Axe Cop " ] is definitely the biggest thing that 's ever happened in my career , and it does n't have anything to do with the progress I 've made at SLG or any of that stuff .
Exit Builds Genuine Community
Throughout 400 years of American history , some of the strongest communities have been those which made the most of exit .
The earliest settlements with the greatest success were those with a strong religious element .
The trend continued somewhat out West in the 19th century as well .
I would bet that Seasteading , at least in its infancy , will pick up where these pioneer communities left off .
It ’s easy to see why .
To forgo the benefits of urban life and mutual cooperation only makes sense if the returns to exit are higher .
And so in all these historical instances we see a blend , among those who have exited , of like - minded idealism and self - interest .
Taken to the frontier , life is on the threshold of being nasty , brutish and short .
But it is precisely because of this difficulty that solidarity builds further .
Whatever vital functions a government had performed in society before , now these must be assumed by individual pioneers .
I think this is what De Toqueville had in mind when he wrote about how weakness leads to stronger association .
The Frenchman says :
Amongst democratic nations , on the contrary , all the citizens are independent and feeble ; they can hardly do anything by themselves , and none of them can oblige his fellow - men to lend him their assistance .
They all , therefore , fall into a state of incapacity , if they do not learn voluntarily to help each other .
The flip side of this theme was picked up by Charles Murray in his book called In Pursuit .
When men can oblige others to lend assistance , association atrophies :
Communities exist because they have a reason to exist , some core of functions around which the affiliations that constitute a vital community can form and grow .
When the government takes away a core function , it depletes not only the source of vitality pertaining to that particular function , but also the vitality of a much larger family of responses …
“ If you do n’t do it , nobody will ” is a powerful motivator for solidarity .
Whereas “ if you do n’t do it , the government will ” is a charitable and fraternal buzz kill .
Murray says , and I agree , that people tend not to do a chore if somebody else will do it for them .
Philanthropic free riding is the irrational voter by another name .
The power of exit relates to this in two ways– : it pushes people closer to a situation where “ if you do n’t do it , nobody else will ” applies .
And that is the great community generator .
For the pioneer community , the exigencies of life in the wild will foster a greater reliance on others .
For the society left behind , the more people exit , the less philanthropic free - riding occurs among those who remain present .
If enough people leave , you are the government and the two slogans become one and the same .
If you will indulge me , I 'd like to paraphrase a familiar tale :
Once upon a time , deep in the forest , there was a tribe of elephant curators .
The elders of this tribe kept sophisticated , detailed notes about the proper care and feeding of elephants , and the villagers tended to follow along .
Eventually , they dedicated a large section of the local library to books and articles on the care and feeding of elephants .
One day , a group of blind nomads appeared in the village .
Each of the blind men went to greet the villagers , and were met with welcomes .
Wanting to be helpful , they walked over to one of the elephants and tried to learn about it .
The first man , who stood next to the elephant 's tail said , " I feel a snake " .
The second , who stood next to the elephant 's leg said , " I feel a tree trunk " .
And so on .
One of the group of nomads , who thought he felt a snake , went to the elders of the village and asked , " I would like to help .
How can I feed this creature ? "
The elder replied : " Sir , if you can't be bothered to search the library for information on the care and feeding of elephants , surely you are wasting our time " .
Years passed and after a grueling series of trials , the blind men became integrated into the culture , becoming some of the most successful at caring for the elephants .
Eventually , another group of blind nomads appeared .
The entire village , including the original group , proceeded to berate the new travelers .
" We 've spent quite a bit of time putting together a section of the library about how to care for these animals .
You are wasting our time " .
Of course , the travelers did not know the creatures were elephants , and so they entered the library , searching for books on feeding snakes and caring for trees .
Eventually , an elderly blind man , of the original group stood up and said : " Have we forgotten than we , too , started in this confused state .
We should help these travelers and perhaps they will become as wise and helpful as we became " .
To many participants in open source communities , this is a familiar tale .
When a developer first comes across an open source project , either to use it in a project or to help , he is like a blind man feeling an elephant .
It 's easy to spit out " lmgtfy.com " or RTFM , but in truth , these beginners barely know where to look .
All too often , we ( open source leaders ) assume that if someone could n't figure out the right search term on Google , they can never become a viable community member .
When I first started working on Rails , I distinctly remember not knowing what the request method in Rails controllers was .
To some degree , this could be attributed to its exclusion in api.rubyonrails.org , but some judicious Googling turned up the ActionController : : Request class .
Writing this post years later , the request method still does not reside in the API docs , but I found the Request documentation in seconds .
The problem is that a new developer simply has no conceptual model for the problem at all .
In most cases , the " noob " can stare at " the f*** ing manual " all day and simply fail to find something staring him in the face .
Importantly , this does not reflect a failing on the part of the new developer .
Virtually everyone I know who worked their way from noob to senior Rails developer starting feeling around the elephant .
As open source leaders , if we are interested in growing our communities , we should treat new developers as confused people with real potential .
That 's not to say that sinking dozens of hours down a black hole is a good use of time .
On the other hand , the mismatch between how we think about problems once we become experienced and the way we feel around like a blind man when getting started makes the experience of getting started with an open source project far more painful than it needs to be .
JERUSALEM , Nov 14 ( Reuters ) - Hundreds of ultra-Orthodox Jews demonstrated on Saturday at Intel Corp .'s INTC.
O new electronic chip plant in Israel in protest against work taking place at the site on the Jewish Sabbath .
However , a company spokesman said the plant was operating within the law and would continue to do so .
Intel , the world ’s biggest chip manufacturer , opened the west Jerusalem plant for installation work before its inauguration on Sunday .
The protesters said this was a desecration of the Sabbath , which runs from Friday night to Saturday night .
They were dispersed by police .
Previous such protests have sometimes spilled over into street violence and long negotiations as authorities struggled to meet the demands of ultra-Orthodox Jews and secular Israeli laws .
Intel spokesman Koby Bahar said talks had taken place with ultra-Orthodox leaders over the new plant , which will prepare dies as part of the next stage of wafer production .
He made it clear work would continue as planned .
“ Intel has been operating in Jerusalem for 24 years and therefore this plant does not represent a change to the status quo , ” he said .
“ This plant will operate in accordance with our business needs and the law , including on Saturdays . ”
Intel Israel is one of Israel ’s largest exporters , with nearly $ 1.4 billion in 2008 .
Intel ’s $ 3.5 billion Fab 28 chip plant opened late last year in Kiryat Gat in southern Israel .
Intel also operates four research and development centres in Israel .
The new Jerusalem plant will employ 150 people .
( Writing by Dan Williams ; Editing by Andrew Dobbie )
The Democratic party faces another election test after the death yesterday of John Murtha , a congressman dubbed by his colleagues the " king of pork " .
Murtha , aged 77 , had been in the House of Representatives since being elected to his Pennsylvania district in 1974 .
The fear in the party is that Republicans will notch up another victory when a special election is held , probably May .
The Democrats have been panicking since losing Ted Kennedy 's Massachusetts Senate seat to the Republicans last month .
Murtha 's nickname referred to so - called pork barrel politics – bringing government spending to bear in a representative 's own district .
His death came on a day that saw Barack Obama 's poll ratings fall further .
A Marist poll found that only 44 % of voters surveyed approved of his job performance , down 2 % on December .
More alarming for Democratic strategists , 57 % of independents disapprove of his performance .
Murtha 's death will have a negligible impact on the arithmetic of the House , where the Democrats have an overwhelming majority , unlike in the Senate .
But another defeat in the spring would add to the sense of panic among Democrats in the run-up to the Congressional mid-term elections in November .
Murtha 's office said he had died in hospital after complications following gallbladder surgery .
He had been in and out of hospital for 2 months .
His election in 1974 marked him out as the first of those to have served in Vietnam to make it into Congress .
He was popular on the left as one of the first senior Democrats in 2005 to turn against the Iraq war .
But he was also one of the leading exponents of ' pork - barrel ' politics , a practice that has long been reviled outside Washington and is one of the reasons for the present levels of disenchantment .
Murtha , as chairman of the House defence appropriations sub- committee , added ' earmarks ' , special spending projects to help his district , to defence bills , hence the King of Pork .
Scandal hovered over him throughout much of his career .
Murtha faced a tough race for re-election in 2008 after sabotaging his own campaign by referring to some of voters in Pennsylvania as " racist " .
One of the reasons for the turnaround in Democratic fortunes is opposition to Barack Obama 's health reform plan .
The president will make a fresh push this month to get his troubled health reform package through Congress by meeting both Democrats and Republicans , hoping to find common ground .
The half - day discussion at Blair House , opposite the White House , will be broadcast live on television to counter public criticism that too many deals in Washington are made behind closed doors .
Obama announced the meeting during a CBS television interview on Sunday evening .
" I want to consult closely with our Republican colleagues … to ask them to put their ideas on the table .
I want to come back and have a large meeting , Republicans and Democrats , to go through systematically all the best ideas that are out there and move it forward , " he said .
The Republican leader in the House of Representatives , John Boehner , welcomed the move as " a real , bipartisan conversation " , but added : " The problem with the Democrats ' healthcare bills is not that the American people do n't understand them ; the American people do understand them and they do n't like them . "
The Republican leader in the Senate , Mitch McConnell , welcomed the meeting , but suggested he was unlikely to compromise , calling for the Democrats ' bill to be shelved .
The move buys the Democrats a few more weeks while they debate among themselves whether to push forward with the bill or abandon it .
The version of the bill passed by the Senate on Christmas Eve would extend health care to 30 million more Americans .
• This article was amended on 11 March 2010 .
The original stated that John Murtha had been in hospital for several months .
This has been corrected .
Previous attempts at creating wide - spectrum anti-viral drugs have largely failed .
Some are in use , but they are very expensive , and because they work by attacking RNA and DNA replication , they often carry significant side effects .
By attacking the structure of the viruses , not the replication , LJ001 may end up as the first drug in a new age of medicine .
In an age in which downloadable content is often discussed when a game is released ( or even before ! ) , Square Enix has stated that it does not have currently have any plans for Final Fantasy XIII DLC .
Advertisement
" Regarding the DLC content , we feel that the final product is 100 % enjoyable …it 's the complete package , " says Final Fantasy XIII producer , Yoshinori Kitase , and director , Motomu Toriyama in a joint statement . "
So we 're not planning any DLC at this time . "
No plans .
At this time .
That does n't exactly rule out planning for the future , now does it ?
Advertisement
" In regard to the rumored cut content , we feel it was taken out of context , " the pair continues .
" There are a lot of ideas that are brought to the table , and then the team takes the best ideas out of those , and the final product is polished that way . "
A lot of those ideas were just that : ideas .
They did n't make the final cut and are not in the game .
According to Square Enix , the team is not looking into releasing this unused content as DLC .
Perhaps Square Enix is not ready to discuss downloadable content , and that 's fine .
But if there 's no DLC , there will be disappointed FFXIII players .
These days , DLC is not just expected , but a given .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Final Fantasy XIII : Your Questions Answered [ PlayStation .Blog.
Europe via VideoGamer ]
Texas GOP gubernatorial candidates Gov. Rick Perry , Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchinson and Debra Medina debate at the WFAA Channel 8 studios in Dallas in January .
Poll : Medina closing on Hutchison
Tea party - backed candidate Debra Medina is closing on Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison in Texas ’s Republican gubernatorial primary , increasing the odds the race led by Gov. Rick Perry will be thrown into a runoff .
According to a survey out Tuesday by Public Policy Polling , Medina , a nurse who ’s now a businesswoman , had the support of 24 percent of likely Republican primary voters , trailing the three - term senator by only 4 percentage points .
Perry , who leads Hutchison by double - digits in several polls , got 39 percent in the latest survey .
Advertisement
If no candidate gets more than 50 percent of the vote in the March 2 primary , the top two finishers will compete in a runoff on April 13 .
The poll of 423 likely Republican voters found Medina particularly strong among those angry at Washington .
Among the third of voters in the poll who said they disapproved of Washington , Medina topped Perry , 37 percent to 32 percent .
Both Perry and Hutchison had approval ratings of at least 50 percent in the poll , making Medina ’s surge even more surprising .
“ The big question for Debra Medina is whether there ’re enough unhappy voters out there for her to get into a runoff with Rick Perry , ” said Dean Debnam , president of Public Policy Polling .
“ That would rank up there with the results of the Massachusetts Senate election as an early shocker in the 2010 political season . ”
The poll has a margin of error of 4.8 percentage points .
Idealistic lawyers Mike Weiss and Paul Danziger are partners .
Mike is a drug - addict and Paul is a family man with a pregnant wife .
When nurse Vicky Rogers seeks them out , they learn that she contracted AIDS a couple of years ago when she was accidentally pinpricked with a contaminated needle by a violent patient .
Vicky shows a retractable safety needle invented by engineer Jeffrey Matthew Dancort , who owns the Safety Point Company , but is unable to sell his product to any hospital from the United Medical group , apart from San Antonio Memorial .
Danziger and Weiss accept the case and go to court against United Medical , defended by powerful lawyer Nathaniel Price .
Soon , they see all the doors closed in their fight against the powerful mafia of the medical supply system .
Written by Claudio Carvalho , Rio de Janeiro , Brazil
If you have suffered injuries in a bicycle accident , it is important you have an advocate in your corner to protect your interests and your right to recover compensation .
We have recovered millions of dollars on behalf of injured cyclists over the past decade .
We have successfully represented the families of cyclists killed in crashes , as well as cyclists with traumatic brain injuries and other serious injuries .
We will guide you through every step of your claim and advise you on exactly what to do after a bike accident .
WASHINGTON — After decades spent seeking universal health care , Democrats are considering moving legislation that would set that goal aside , yet again .
The debate is highlighting a contradiction present from the start of President Barack Obama 's effort to overhaul the health - care system : Advocates have long been uncomfortable selling the bill 's central feature , a significant expansion of health - care coverage , and instead chose to highlight cost cutting and insurance reforms .
The late Sen. Edward Kennedy called universal coverage " the cause of my life , " and bills passed by both chambers of Congress would expand insurance coverage to 30 million or more Americans .
But the Obama administration rarely sold its plan as a way to cover the uninsured , believing that message would n't resonate with most Americans , who already have health insurance .
Democratic
Party leaders are giving rank - and - file members of Congress the weekend to think through their options , hoping they will decide they would rather have an ambitious bill , which would cover about 95 % of people in the U.S. , despite the political risks of supporting something that has proven unpopular .
Options include modest coverage for the uninsured , perhaps aid for small businesses , new rules for insurance companies and some policy changes to control federal health spending .
Decisions are likely to wait until after Wednesday 's State of the Union speech .
Security is great when all the green lights are shining brightly and everything validates as intended , but what happens when you encounter failure ?
In this work we examine the behaviour of the DNS when security , in the form of DNSSEC is added , and we look at what happens when things do not happen as intended .
What triggered this examination was a sudden increase in the traffic generated by secondary servers for the in - addr.arpa reverse zones in December 2009 .
Within hours the traffic levels from those servers had doubled .
What was initially surprising was that this was not a malicious attack , but due to the combination of DNSSEC and cryptographic key distribution methods and the planned rollover of the keys for the zones being served on that day .
We have found two widely deployed implementations of DNS resolvers that enter a mode of sustained , repeated and very rapid querying of DNS servers for DNSKEY and RRSIG Resource records , causing potential problems for both DNS servers and resolvers .
The problem is shown to be an outcome of the interaction of the distribution of key material and the regular rollover of the key signing key that forms the trust anchor for the signed zone .
When these resolver implementations fall out of sync with the zone 's keys then they do not quietly fail , but instead they enter a period of sustained query thrashing , asking the same query from all the name servers of a zone with up to a thousand repetitions from each single initial seed query .
The signing of the root of the DNS and a hierarchical signing delegation from the root downward was intended to circumvent such problems of manual key management and synchronisation , because as long as the client was able to synchronise their key with the root key then there is no such problem of falling out of sync with individual zone keys .
However there is a vulnerable period over the next six months when the DNSSEC - signed root is deployed with a deliberately unvalidatable root zone , or DURZ .
Clients are meant to avoid loading a local key for the root during this period , as there is no valid public key .
But our studies have shown that if a client does mistakenly load a key then the resultant query load of rapid - fire repeated DNSSEC queries and large DNSKEY responses may present traffic problems for both the client and the root servers themselves .
Further on , in mid-2010 , the root will be signed with a key that can be validated .
The current intent is to regularly roll this root zone key every 2 - 5 years .
Our studies show that if clients continue to operate on a manner which does not fail quietly , but fails in a way that generates very high bursts of DNS queries , with repetition factors in the order of up to 300,000 repetitions per seed query in a typical case , then each root zone key rollover has the potential to pose a significant denial of service threat on the root of the DNS posed by such out - of - key - sync clients running the current code levels of DNS resolvers .
The full details of the study can be found at http://www.potaroo.net/ispcol/2010-02/rollover.html
About the Authors :
George Michaelson is a Research Scientist at APNIC , the Regional Internet Registry serving the Asia Pacific Region .
Patrik Wallström has been working on DNSSEC and the development of the registry system at .SE for seven years , and with computer security and open source for over 15 years .
Roy Arends is Senior Researcher at Nominet UK , the Internet Registry for .uk domain names .
Geoff Huston the Chief Scientist at APNIC , the Regional Internet Registry serving the Asia Pacific region .
Previous Post :
« MUSIC NEWS : Lindstrøm & Christabelle , Spoon , Editors , Patti Smith on her relationship with Robert Mapplethorpe , the 2010 Coachella Festival lineup
Draw near , infidels , for these are dark days for the Knights of Hubbard .
Do not despair entirely - the Church of Scientology remains rich , has excellent lawyers and , according to the International Scientology News , '' every minute of every hour , someone reaches for L. Ron Hubbard technology … simply because they know Tom Cruise is a Scientologist ' ' .
So unless the world 's supply of fools is melting away , they can hold off trying to lure disaffected Kabbalists into their cultish communion .
And yet , it has not been the best of weeks for our operating thetans .
In France , Scientology was found guilty of defrauding followers after a judge effectively debunked the idea of the church 's trusty E-meter , a crude polygraph used to encourage Scientologists to purchase everything from books to extreme sauna courses .
In Los Angeles , the Oscar - winning director Paul Haggis cut his ties with Scientology in protest at what he branded their tolerance of homophobia , adding that the church 's claim it does not tell people to '' disconnect ' ' from unsupportive family members was untrue - his wife had been ordered to do so .
Meanwhile , Scientology 's chief spokesman , Tommy Davis , stormed out of a TV interview with Martin Bashir , after being pressed on '' certain articles of faith ' ' .
The alien stuff , basically .
One assumes that the battery that powers the force field that holds the intergalactic tyrant Xenu captive in an unspecified mountain here on Earth is not as everlasting as billed .
And yet the truth is rather more prosaic .
It is the internet wot dun it .
During his life , the religion 's inventor , L. Ron Hubbard , deemed the chief enemies of Scientology to be tax inspectors and psychiatrists .
Even a sixth - rate science fiction writer such as himself would not have been able to predict that it would be the web that would pose the gravest threat to his church , facilitating everything from the circulation of whistleblower accounts and cult - busting advice to videos of Tom Cruise chuckling maniacally while repeating '' KSW ! Keep Scientology Working !''
Ten years ago , some humans came to the table .
We sat down together and looked at the facts .
We looked at each other .
Looked at the world .
And looked at the facts again .
The scientific facts .
The planet is warming , we said to each other .
Species are dying .
The Sixth Mass Extinction , we murmured under our breath .
What can be done .
Must be done .
So we made a pact .
Signed a treaty .
Nodded our heads and dusted our hands and went back to our respective countries .
Masters of solutions .
Inventive solvers of problems .
Phew , we thought to ourselves .
That was a close one .
More
Say the words " tablet computer " and ten bucks says it 's Apple 's iPad that springs to mind .
But that does n't mean other companies are n't busy building their own version of a touch - enabled , multimedia - sporting , slab of portable computing goodness .
Dell 's first effort at a tablet will be the Mini 5 ( a name that is still in beta ) – a slice of plastic and glass with a 5 - inch capacitive touchscreen that according to Michael Dell will debut " in a couple of months . "
The Mini 5 will sport a 5 - megapixel camera on the back , a separate front - facing camera that can be used for video conferencing , a standard 3.5 m m headphone jack , Wi-Fi and 3G connectivity and a Qualcomm Snapdragon 1 - GHz processor .
The 5 - inch screen also means it will be be closer to the Sony PSP in its form factor than the longer legal notepad design of the iPad .
The Mini 5 will run the latest version of Google 's Android operating system , version 2.0 or higher .
And instead of the 4:3 aspect ratio of the iPad , Dell 's tablets will support the 16:9 ratio .
Widescreen films anyone ?
" It 's a device optimized for media consumption , " Neeraj Choubey , general manager of the tablets division at Dell told Wired.com .
" It will offer the full web - browsing experience so you have something that you are holding in your hand that replaces everything the smartphone does and takes on quite a bit of the features of a laptop . "
The Dell 5 Mini will also just be the first in a series .
" We are going to have a family of tablets , " says Choubey .
" The first one is a 5 - inch screen but we want to scale that up to a variety of screen sizes . "
That means future versions of the Mini 5 could have larger screens that will be closer in size to the iPad .
Dell would n't comment on pricing , beyond saying it will be " competitive , " or when it will launch this year .
Apple 's iPad ranges from $ 500 to $ 830 .
With the launch of iPad in January , the tablet PCs are going through a renaissance .
Though PC makers have offered slates and convertible notebooks for nearly a decade , consumers have n't bought them in droves .
With its 9.7 - inch display , sleek design and Apple 's relentless hype , the iPad could alter the way we experience mobile computing .
And Dell knows this .
Three years ago , Dell started expanding its product line to include mobile products .
Dell smartphones are now sold in Brazil and China and it hopes to bring a version to North America .
Meanwhile , the company set up a tablet division , and three weeks ago Choubey joined Dell from venture capital firm Venrock .
As he sees it , the Mini 5 will offer the apps that are available on smartphones , a set of specialized tools and programs for business users , a strong movies and music experience and web surfing – flash and all included .
Take that , iPad .
Along with the apps on the Mini 5 users will have quick access to e-mail , YouTube , Amazon 's MP3 store for music , as well as spreadsheet , presentation maker and documents .
It will also support voice recognition .
And these are characteristics that will be common to all tablets from Dell .
Still it will be a hard sell to consumers , says Van Baker , an analyst with research firm Gartner .
" If all you are bringing to the market is another media - playing or handheld - gaming device , then it's not going to work , " he says .
" It 's all about the services you have behind the device . "
And that 's where the iPad scores , with its strong developer ecosystem and 100,000 apps , along with iTunes and iBooks , says Baker .
Dell is betting it can offer that and add a compelling value proposition for business users : a promise that its tablet wo n't just be a coffee - table device but instead a powerful productivity tool .
" There 's no reason why you ca n't use the tablet to take notes in class , " he says .
Dell will also offer services such as syncing that will allow users to move music , documents and other data between their PC and tablet easily .
" At a very basic level , you would have a service that will share content across the devices seamlessly and have it in the cloud , " says Choubey .
Dell also hopes to draw on the Android ecosystem by offering developers the opportunity to port their Android apps to the Mini 5 and its successors .
For the Mini 5 , though , its PlayStation Portable - like form factor could be a big drawback , says Baker .
The Dell Mini 5 is closer in its looks to gadgets better known as mobile internet devices or MIDs , a category that has been languishing despite products from companies such as Lenovo and Archos .
" If the Dell Mini 5 is this small and it is pocketable , then why is n't it a phone ? " asks Baker .
" If I am going to carry a second device , it better have something that 's a significant advantage over what I can do with my phone .
With the iPad , the value proposition is a much larger display . "
But Choubey says the innovation is not just in the form factor but also in the business model .
Dell will work with carriers to bundle inexpensive data plans for the Mini 5 and other tablets .
" That type of model – the way iPad was able to do with AT & T – will become more prevalent with these tablet devices , " he says .
" It allows the carrier to increase number of devices per user . "
Apple introduced a $ 15 for 250 MB , or an unlimited $ 30 a month , no - contract data plan for use with the iPad .
See Also :
Photo : Dell Mini 5 ( ndevil / Flickr )
I Will Knot !
This is a site about knots : how to tie them , how to appreciate their beauty .
Even the seriously knot - challenged among us can learn to tie many useful and popular knots by following along with the short , step - by - step instructional video clips on this site .
Before you begin , here are a couple quick knot - tying tips to keep in mind :
Get youself some nice , thick rope -- do n't learn with string !
String is extremely hard to control , and your knots will be so small that you wo n't be able to see what is going on .
About 4 feet of 1 /4 to 1/2 - inch thick nylon rope will do nicely for learning purposes .
Any good hardware store will have this , and it is very inexpensive .
Once you 've mastered how to tie a knot from the clips , trying tying it around different sort of objects , at different angles .
You do n't really know a knot until you can tie it upside - down and inside - out !
Okee - dokee , now it 's time to choose a knot to learn from the list below .
So fix yourself a nice hot beverage , grab your rope , and repeat confidently to yourself : I WILL KNOT !!
