Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Tony George has resigned from his position as head of the Indianapolis Motor Speedway and the IndyCar Series following a meeting of the board of directors of the Hulman - George company that owns the legendary racetrack and the championship .
His role as president and CEO of Hulman & George Company will be taken by W Curtis Brighton , currently the group 's executive vice president and chief legal counsel , while executive vice president and chief financial officer Jeffrey G Belskus will become president and CEO of the Indianapolis Motor Speedway Corporation .
George will remain on the board of directors , and will continue to run his Vision Racing team in the IndyCar Series .
Earlier this month Indianapolis released a statement refuting American media reports that George had been ousted , but acknowledging that he had been asked to devise a plan for the management of the family companies " that would allow him to focus on the business which requires the greatest attention " .
Chairman of the board Mari Hulman George said the Indy Racing League founder had ultimately decided to stand down from his position instead .
" Our board had asked Tony to structure our executive staff to create efficiencies in our business structure and to concentrate his leadership efforts in the Indy Racing League , " she said .
" He has decided that with the recent unification of open - wheel racing and the experienced management team IMS has cultivated over the years , now would be the time for him to concentrate on his team ownership of Vision Racing with his family and other personal business interests he and his family share .
" Tony will remain on the Board of Directors of all of our companies , and he will continue to work with the entire board to advance the interests of all of companies . "
Hulman George is confident that Brighton and Belskus will be able to take the companies forward .
" Jeff and Curt have both been with the company for many years in positions of top leadership , " she said .
" Tony , as well as the entire Board of Directors , has the utmost confidence in their capabilities .
" Both of these men have years of experience and leadership within our companies .
In addition , each of our companies has effective presidential leadership , and that will remain in place . "
After reports that George 's position was in doubt first broke , the IndyCar team owners issued a statement expressing their full support for him , amid speculation that changes to the board could jeopardise the championship and suggestions that George 's family were unhappy with the amount of money he had spent on the series .
But Hulman George insisted that the Indianapolis management remained committed to the IndyCar Series .
" These changes underscore our family 's commitment going forward to all of our companies , especially our commitment to the growth of the Indy Racing League and the sport of open - wheel racing , " she said .
" We believe the Hulman - George family 's long stewardship of the Indianapolis Motor Speedway , beginning in 1945 , and our significant investment in the Speedway and in the IRL demonstrates that we have full confidence in all of our companies and that we intend to grow them in the future . "
George took over the leadership of the Indianapolis companies in 1990 .
He controversially founded the breakaway Indy Racing League in 1996 , but was later instrumental in the 2008 reunification with the rival Champ Car World Series .
Establishing and sustaining the IndyCar Series required substantial and prolonged investment by the Hulman George companies , which also provided significant financial assistance to smoothe the merger last season .
During George 's leadership Indianapolis also added a NASCAR event to its schedule for the first time , and brought Formula 1 back to America on an infield road course , which is now used for MotoGP after the track failed to agree a new F1 deal with Bernie Ecclestone .
Hulman George paid tribute to George 's achievements over the past 18 years .
" Our family and the entire racing community are grateful to Tony for the leadership and direction he has provided since 1990 , " she said .
" We are pleased that he will continue to be an important part of the Indy Racing League as a team owner and as a member of our Board of Directors , and we wish him every success . "
His successors Belskus and Brighton have been with the IMS companies since 1987 and 1994 respectively and have long held executive positions .
George 's Vision Racing operation , which is now set to become his primary focus , was founded in early 2005 but has yet to win a race .
It recently scaled back to a single car for Ed Carpenter due to a lack of funding , with Carpenter 's former team - mate Ryan Hunter - Reay moving to AJ Foyt 's team .
City workers packed the mulch thick around the newly pruned trees .
Another crew rolled fresh coats of paint over graffiti on street poles and utility boxes .
Street sweepers , public works trucks , and other city vehicles cruised up and down Tremont Street , the main artery of Mission Hill , scooping up gum wrappers and cigarette butts , patching potholes and sidewalks , erasing eyesores .
( Full article : 1165 words )
This article is available in our archives : Globe Subscribers FREE for subscribers Subscribers to the Boston Globe get unlimited access to our archives .
Not a subscriber ?
Non-Subscribers Purchase an electronic copy of the full article .
Learn More $ 9.95 1 month archives pass
1 month archives pass $ 24.95 3 months archives pass
3 months archives pass $ 74.95 1 year archives pass
It sounded like something pulled straight from a grisly scene in Terminator : an unstoppable military robot that powered itself by devouring everything in its path - including trees , grass and even , according to reports , dead bodies .
But after a string of headlines that labelled the machine a " corpse eater " and " creepy " , the robot 's creators have gone on a PR offensive to extinguish the rumour that their invention will feed on human or animal flesh .
The machine 's inventors say that the Energetically Autonomous Tactical Robot – known as Eatr for short – does indeed power its " biomass engine " by digesting organic material , but that it is not intended to chomp its way through battlefields of fallen soldiers .
" We completely understand the public 's concern about futuristic robots feeding on the human population , but that is not our mission , " said Harry Schoell , the chief executive of Cyclone Power Technologies , one of the companies behind the machine .
" We are focused on demonstrating that our engines can create usable , green power from plentiful , renewable plant matter .
The commercial applications alone for this earth - friendly energy solution are enormous . "
The remarkable move is in reaction to the buzz the project created when it emerged that it was already in the testing phase , thanks to funding from the Pentagon .
The concept was originally put forward in 2003 , and has been pushed forward with money from the US military 's Defence Advanced Research Projects Agency , Darpa , a successor to the organisation that funded early development of the internet .
US officials hope that the steam - powered engine can be used by the military to create a self - sufficient robot that could survive on its own for months at a time .
Possible uses put forward by the team include a battlefield ambulance or mobile gun turret .
The early version of Eatr runs on twigs , wood chips and other plant based material , fed into an engine that burns the material and uses it to propel itself around .
Another of the robot 's inventors , Dr Robert Finkelstein of Robotic Technology Inc ( RTI ) , said that Eatr had built - in systems that would help it determine whether material that it ingested was animal , vegetable or mineral .
" If it 's not on the menu , it 's not going to eat it , " he told Fox News .
" There are certain signatures form different kinds of materials that would distinguish vegetative biomass from other material . "
It can also use more conventional fuels , such as petrol , diesel or cooking oil , to keep going .
But in a statement put out by the group , it reiterated that it would be illegal to create a robot that used dead bodies as an energy source .
" Descration of the dead is a war crime under Article 15 of the Geneva Conventions , and it is certainly not something sanctioned by Darpa , Cyclone or RTI . "
The Bundeswehr Abroad Don't Shoot , We 're German !
Germany 's Bundeswehr army is being transformed into an international intervention force .
Advocates are more convinced than ever that objectives can be achieved by force .
It is high time for a forthright debate , but is it welcome ?
Von Eric Chauvistré
Besides contributing at @ TheDailyWTF , I write DevDisasters for Visual Studio Magazine , and involved in various side projects including child rearing and marriage .
A little more than a year ago , Jason M. visited a small company named Jera Co. to write a proposal for wiring - up their office network .
Michael , the office manager , described their environment as being a " simple arrangement with a handful of users . "
Upon inspection — boy oh boy — how simple it was .
It turned out that the office had only two PCs .
One was laptop with Windows 95.
A and the other was a Franken - puter sporting an AMD K6 - 2 Inside badge and Windows NT 4.0 .
File transfer between the machines were done through a floppy disk , unless of course the file was more than 1.44 megabytes , in which case , it was emailed from one computer to another .
It was a kludgy solution to be sure , but that 's why they were bringing in Jason .
After some additional checking , he wrote up and presented the estimate , which included adding on a router , running cable , and upgrading both computers to use Ethernet .
After letting out a long " hmmmm " and rubbing his wrinkled chin , Michael thanked Jason for his time and said that " I 'll let you know . "
Welcome Back ... Please ?
Skip ahead one year to present day , and Jason had all but forgotten about Jera Co .
That is , until he suddenly got a call from the office manager .
Out of the gate , Michael apologized for not going with Jason 's original estimate ; while he felt it was a bit high at the time , he would gladly pay twice that amount to save the headache he was currently facing .
Apparently , Michael had hired another contractor — coincidently , his brother — and the poor network performance was absolutely killing his office 's ability to function .
Jason agreed to stop by , but warned that he could n't guarantee anything considering the age of the equipment .
Michael countered that he'd be " pleasantly surprised " at the network changes in the office : they had finally entered the 21st century thanks to a " happy accident " involving extensive water damage and a need to replace their dying equipment .
Upon arriving the scene , Jason was impressed with the office 's new setup - networked printer , two laptops with Vista , desktop , wireless router , the Woiks he figured .
After getting out his own laptop and pinging the systems , he was further surprised that that everything checked out .
Files were transferred between computers at breakneck speed and there were no obvious sources of interference that would be causing difficulties .
Jason was stymied .
He started thinking What slowdowns ?
Am I nuts ?
Is Michael nuts ?
And then he spied the secretary trying to upload some files in a FTP session .
The upload speed was a whopping 5.3 kbps .
Slowdown Found
After a thirty second conversation with the secretary , Jason confirmed that yes , this FTP session was the slowdown that was killing the office 's productivity .
You see , beside payroll , handling appointments , fielding phone calls , and other general office duties , one of the secretary 's duties was to perform regular uploads to their company 's website for each client .
Historically , that had always been a very time consuming procedure : each client would take between six and ten minutes to update and , with hundreds of clients , their internet connection would be completely consumed for the entire day .
Thinking bad wireless router , cable modem or maybe just a bad cable is to blame , Jason went to the router to see what the source of the internet connection was and found nothing plugged into the WAN port of the router .
In fact , he could n't even find a cable or DSL modem in the wiring closet .
Jason asked Michael , " out of curiosity , who is your internet provider ? "
" USA StarWebNet , " he replied , " we 've been using them for the past 10 years and currently have the ' All You Can Download ' package .
I think it 's $ 12.95 per month . "
It was at that point that Jason had the final clue needed to solve the slowdown mystery : they were using a shared dial - up internet package as the sole connection for the entire office .
" Well there 's the problem , " Jason said , figuring that he'd be the hero , " you 're still using dial - up .
You really need to subscribe to cable or DS — "
" That 's not gonna happen , " Michael interrupted , " we looked into getting broadband internet , but the line to run it to the building costs $ 180 .
And the landlord should be paying that , not us . "
" Okay , " Jason said , a bit confused , " I mean , err ... "
" $ 180 bucks ! " Michael growled , " and our cheap landlord wo n't pay it , and I can't on principle !
But that should n't matter , since we have the ' All You Can Download ' package .
It 's not as fast , but still . "
Jason did his best to explain that bandwidth was the problem , and that " All You Can Download " still has that word " can " in it ; one can only download so many bytes on a 56 K modem .
" Hmmmmmmm , " Michael said , rubbing his wrinkled chin , " thanks for coming out , and I 'll let you know . "
A conclusion is the “ summing up ” of your whole research .
No matter how much of a killer your actual examination is , if you write a loose conclusion , you spoil the whole essence .
Like a good investigator , you have to clearly delineate the important points during your research that aided in identifying the acquired results .
How to Write a Conclusion in General
A general conclusion for any kind of writing needs an analytical approach and the ability to dissect and screen out .
You have to be specific and diagnostic in presenting a conclusive statement .
It should explicitly state the analysis that you have reached by drawing on established facts or solid argument .
Your closing should encompass the whole study in brief yet giving it a DIRECTIONAL ENDING & FINALE .
Any general conclusion can be simple explained as :
Conclusion = Results Inferred From Data + Results Inferred From Previous Studies + Your Own Analysis
How to Write a Good Conclusion
To write a winsome conclusion you have to be specific , precise and explicit .
The more analytically you express your point the much you gather in making an impression .
A good conclusion is one that is believable and clearly illustrates the points on which it is based .
On the other hand , a random or vague explanation or mere repetition of things does n’t count as a good conclusion .
How to Write a Conclusion for a Research Paper
Conclusion writing for a generic research paper in short summarizes the whole research by acutely focusing on the main points that lead to the actual result .
A standard research paper would allow an elaborative conclusion that can spawn over the length of a few pages .
So , you can briefly describe the background of your research topic .
Include similar studies conducted in the same area along with their implications .
This would also enable you to highlight the deficiencies and indicate further room for further research .
How to Write a Conclusion for an Essay
An essay is a thread of various paragraphs without any distinctive filing under separate headings .
To write a conclusion for an essay you need to designate the last two or three paragraphs .
Since , essays normally consist of an analytical summing up with a personal opinion over the matter under discussion , hence your conclusion should reflect your point of view .
You can add external evidence like a quote or anecdote but you should NEVER stray from the points discussed in your preceding paragraphs .
Essentially , a conclusion for an essay would draw from points already explained or mentioned in the essay .
But the only difference is the summing up and extraction of the analysis from them .
How to Write a Conclusion in 5 Easy Steps
Area 404
Nonexistent Area
This is a restricted area .
No trespassing beyond this point .
This place does not exist .
You were never here .
BOGOTA ( Reuters ) - Colombia has called off the hunt to kill a drug lord ’s escaped hippo and will instead try to relocate the beast after its mate was shot dead by order of the government , sparking outrage from animal rights groups .
Slideshow ( 4 images )
The giant animals were imported from Africa by late cocaine king Pablo Escobar and put in his zoo .
They escaped in 2006 to live in the wild near the Magdalena river in northern Colombia , causing concerns about local public safety .
Colombia was shocked on Friday when photographs were published of the dead hippo , named “ Pepe ” , and by news that the hunt was still on for his mate , “ Matilda , ” who gave birth to a calf in the wild .
Bogota - based beer company Bavaria , owned by SABMiller , offered to bring in animal protection experts from South Africa and Tanzania to find the best way to care for the surviving hippo and her calf .
“ We have accepted Bavaria ’s offer .
The hunt is off , ” a spokeswoman for Colombia ’s Environment Ministry told Reuters on Wednesday .
“ The idea is to relocate the animals . ”
Scores of protesters picketed ministry offices in Bogota on Tuesday , objecting to what they called the “ death sentence ” handed down against the hippos .
Pepe was killed by a .375 caliber round through his heart .
It was a fate not unlike that of Escobar , who controlled most of the world ’s cocaine supply before being gunned down by police on a Medellin rooftop in 1993 .
He was so flush with cash in the 1980s that he flew in hundreds of exotic animals , including kangaroos , elephants , rhinos and nine hippos .
The African zoologists will also study what to do with the two dozen hippos still living at the site of Escobar ’s zoo , called Hacienda Napoles in the northern province of Antioquia .
“ The experts , once they are here on the ground , can help with our effort at finding the best possible place for these animals to live , either inside or outside Colombia , ” said a statement issued by the Environment Ministry .
Most of the other animals imported by Escobar , seen by Colombians as symbols of his power and extravagance , were given to local public zoos after his death .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Real IRA leader Michael McKevitt was responsible for the 1998 Omagh bomb , a judge has found .
Mr Justice Morgan made the ruling at the High Court in Belfast after a landmark civil case brought by some of the families of the victims of the atrocity .
Liam Campbell , Colm Murphy and Seamus Daly were also found liable for the attack .
Seamus McKenna was cleared .
The 12 relatives were awarded more than £ 1.6 m in damages for the attack .
Mr Justice Morgan also found the dissident republican organisation the Real IRA liable for the bomb in which 29 people and two unborn babies were killed .
He said it was clear that the bombers ' primary objective was to ensure that the bomb exploded without detection , and the safety of those members of the public in Omagh town centre was at best a secondary consideration .
He said he was " satisfied that those involved in the planning , preparation , planting and detonation of the bomb recognised the likelihood of serious injury or death from its detonation but decided to take that risk " .
' Significant ' role Mr Justice Morgan said McKevitt " held and has always held a significant leadership role in the Real IRA , " , and was heavily involved in the procurement of explosives at the time of the bombing .
Much of this was based on evidence obtained by an undercover FBI agent , David Rupert .
He also said he was satisfied that Campbell was a member of the Real IRA 's Army Council in August 1998 .
Vincent Kearney , NI Home Affairs correspondent
None of the men being sued has the capacity to pay out any kind of large - scale payment .
From the start the families made clear the civil action was a vehicle for putting as much information as possible into the public domain about the bombing and the men they claim were involved .
It is not a criminal case and no - one will be jailed .
Case that broke new legal ground Omagh families ' harrowing ordeal The families ' case was heavily reliant on records and traces on two mobile phones used by the bombers on the day of the attack .
The judge said the evidence proved both Campbell and Daly were in possession of the phones before and after the attack .
The case against McKenna was dismissed because it was based on hearsay evidence from his estranged wife , who was deemed an unreliable witness .
Michael Gallagher , who lost his 21 - year - old son in the attack , said it was a " result better than we could ever have imagined . "
" We have sent out an important message to terrorists and their victims around the world - you now have a way of challenging those who 've murdered your loved ones .
" I think it is a tremendous moral victory for the families , " he said .
Victor Barker , whose 12 - year - old son James was killed in the attack , said he was delighted with the outcome .
" I never built my hopes up too much after what happened before , but I 'm absolutely over the moon . "
Mr Justice Morgan said it was clear from the reports he had read and the evidence of the plaintiffs that " the senseless and indiscriminate nature of this appalling outrage has deeply affected each of them " .
" For many , the events are catastrophic and their lives will never be the same . "
THE MEN SUED BY THE OMAGH FAMILIES
Michael McKevitt - Co Louth Colm Murphy - Co Louth Liam Campbell - Co Louth Seamus McKenna - Co Armagh Seamus Daly - Co Monaghan
The men sued by the Omagh families Seamus McKenna , a labourer from County Armagh , who had the case against him dismissed said he was " delighted " by the outcome .
" My good name at least has been vindicated .
" I have maintained my innocence of any involvement in the Omagh bomb throughout the years .
" My family was subjected to very severe and unfair stress due to groundless allegations made against me , and I have always been very conscious of the suffering of the victims , " he said .
No -one has ever been convicted in a criminal court of causing the deaths .
The only man to face criminal charges over the Omagh killings , 38 - year - old Sean Hoey from Jonesborough in South Armagh , was acquitted in 2007 .
The families brought the multi-million pound action in an attempt to bring fresh information about the atrocity to light .
Civil cases have a much lower burden of proof , with the judge reaching his verdict on the balance of probabilities .
In criminal law , guilt must be proved beyond reasonable doubt .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Business leaders are calling for a major shift in the Government 's energy policy to avoid a dirty and dangerous reliance on foreign - sourced gas in two decades ' time .
The current approach is both jeopardising the achievement of climate change targets and undermining future energy security , says a Confederation of British Industry report published today , just days before the launch of the Government 's Renewable Energy Strategy ( RES ) .
Incentives focused on ramping up wind power will draw investment away from other low - carbon energy sources such as nuclear and clean coal , the report warns .
And the need to keep the lights on will force utilities to build extra gas power stations to fill the short - term gap left by the decommissioning , from 201 5 , of ageing infrastructure .
The result , according to consultants at McKinsey , is that by 2030 the UK energy mix will be unduly reliant on imported gas and not in line with carbon emissions reduction targets .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
To be sure of a more balanced mix of energy sources , the Government needs to cut its 2020 renewable target from 32 per cent to 25 per cent , push ahead with plans for nuclear energy and carbon capture and storage ( CCS ) , and accelerate grid upgrades .
And there is no time to waste because investment decisions made now will set the energy balance for decades to come .
John Cridland , the deputy director general of the CBI , said : " The RES is the last - chance saloon to get the UK on a sustainable energy path .
Our concern is that the current path for investment will leave us with a mix that is not sufficiently de-carbonised and not sufficiently secure . "
The alternative suggested by the CBI sees a 2030 energy mix with 83 per cent from green sources – including 34 per cent from nuclear , 20 per cent from wind and 14 per cent from clean coal – compared with only 64 per cent green energy in the " business as usual " scenario , where 20 per cent is nuclear , 24 per cent wind and 8 per cent clean coal .
Changing the balance will not cost more than the £ 150bn investment already predicted .
Although it will require more reactors , they can fit on existing nuclear development sites .
The RES , due to be published on Wednesday , will set out how the UK will meet the target to produce 15 per cent of its energy from renewable sources – which equates to more than 30 per cent of electricity – by 2020 .
It is expected to include strategies for meeting delays in the planning system and upgrades to the National Grid .
So far , short - term progress is not promising .
At a local level , most English regions are not likely to meet their interim targets for renewables , the British Wind Energy Association ( BWEA ) will say today .
Just half of the plan envisaging more than 4,500 megawatts of capacity has been installed .
And only London , which represents just 2 per cent of the total , is on track for 2010 .
Alongside the capital , the best - performing regions so far are the East Midlands and the South - east .
At the bottom of the league are the North - west , East and South - west .
The BWEA says what is lacking is the political will to succeed .
The top priority is to improve the planning system .
Despite a target of 16 weeks per application , in reality wind - farm bids take an average of 14 months .
The regional survey 's findings highlight a more serious debate around the division of power between central and local government , says the BWEA .
Although the targets are set at Westminster , planning decisions rest with Local Planning Authorities .
Even the creation of the new Central Infrastructure Authority this year will only take on the biggest projects , when the majority of on - shore wind farms are below the threshold .
As long as LPAs are making decisions , influenced by a " not in my back yard " culture , progress towards the targets will be slow , it says .
Hamburg went on top of the Bundesliga with a late penalty from winger Piotr Trochowski on Sunday in a 3 - 1 win over Cologne .
Goals in both halves from Peru striker Jose Paolo Guerrero had put Hamburg 2 - 0 ahead , but Germany winger Trochowski's late spot kick made sure of the win , to put Hamburg ahead of Bayer Leverkusen in the standings on goals scored .
The first goal at Hamburg 's HSH Nordbank Arena came after just 19 minutes when Guerrero reacted to a mistake in the Cologne defense .
At 66 minutes Guerrero scored again while Cologne 's super sub Adil Chihi shot a consolation goal on 76 minutes , two minutes after coming off the bench , but Trochowski hit a penalty in the dying moments with time running out for Berlin .
Hamburg 's victory means that Cologne , still winless , stay at the bottom of the table .
Berlin's Pal Dardai , left , and Bremen 's Tim Borowski mix it up
Earlier in the day , Werder Bremen sealed up the third spot on the table after a 3 - 2 win over Hertha Berlin .
A pair of second - half goals by Germans Tim Borowski and Mesut Oezil put Werder 2 - 0 up in the German capital before Berlin 's midfielder Lukasz Piszczek pulled a goal back on 77 minutes .
Bremen nailed their three points when Oezil set up Brazilian defender Naldo on 83 minutes , only for Berlin 's Patrick Ebert to send the ball into the net in injury time , for his side 's second at the Olympic Stadium .
" We already had superiority in the first half , but we did n't show enough purpose , " said Thomas Schaaf , Bremen ’s coach .
" I am happy about the result , we applied some good pressure and got the rewards . "
The defeat leaves Hertha Berlin just third from bottom of the table after their third straight league defeat in four games while Bremen trail behind Hamburg and Leverkusen with seven points .
Saturday 's games
Munich 's Arjen Robben , right , celebrates his side 's third goal with Franck Ribery
After getting off to their worst start in 43 years , Bayern Munich have finally grabbed their first victory – and they did n't beat just anyone - they trounced last year 's champions Wolfsburg .
It was Bayern Munich 's new signing Arjen Robben who made the difference .
The Dutchman got his Bundesliga career off to a dream start on Saturday evening , scoring twice for Munich in their first victory of the season .
The win sees Bayern pick up their first three points this season .
" It was sensational , " the 25 - year old said , " coming on and scoring two goals .
But that was only the beginning .
I want to play here and I want to win the title .
The whole team deserves praise . "
Germany 's striker Mario Gomez put Bayern Munich ahead in the 27th minute ; and Munich were clearly the stronger side .
But when their new coach Louis van Gaal fielded Robben at the start of the second half , the side stepped up the pressure on Wolfsburg even more .
Arjen Robben made his first appearance just one day after signing from Real Madrid .
The Dutch winger opened his account in the 68th minute and was on target again 12 minutes later .
The Dutchman who cost Bayern 26 million euros gave his new club the first win of the season in four games .
Only last week Bayern were humiliated 2 - 1 by Mainz .
The win lifts Bayern from 17th to seventh in the table .
Champions Wolfsburg are now ranked sixth after their second consecutive defeat .
Schalke suffer their first defeat of the season
Earlier on Saturday , Schalke suffered a 1 - 0 home defeat against Freiburg in what was Schalke 's first defeat under new coach Felix Magath .
South Korean defender Du-Ri Cha scored the only goal of the game five minutes from the break .
Underdogs Freiburg beat Schalke 1-
0
Bayer Leverkusen came from behind to beat Bochum 2 - 1 and move to the top of the Bundesliga standings .
Leverkusen have 10 points after four games , three ahead of Hamburg who are to face Cologne on Sunday .
Hoffenheim secured their first three - pointer of the season with a 1 - 0 victory at struggling Hanover .
Nuremberg held Stuttgart to a goalless draw while Dortmund settled for 1 - 1 with Frankurt .
On Friday , Mainz were beaten 2 - 0 at Borussia Moenchengladbach .
Sunday 's fixtures are Hertha Berlin versus Werder Bremen while Cologne is to play at Hamburg .
av/ai/dpa/AFP/Reuters
Editor : Nigel Tandy
Blowing It All Away Man Destroys Apartment While Fixing Airbed
A German man who attempted to fix a hole in his airbed caused an explosion on Tuesday .
A spark from the electric pump ignited some solvent and blew up his apartment .
Health reform foes plan Obama 's ' Waterloo '
Conservative leaders will push delay any vote on health care reform until after the August recess to capitalize on what they say is a growing tide of opposition to reform measures , they said on a conference call with " tea party " participants today .
" I can almost guarantee you this thing wo n't pass before August , and if we can hold it back until we go home for a month 's break in August , " members of Congress will hear from " outraged " constituents , South Carolina Senator Jim DeMint said on the call , which was organized by the group Conservatives for Patients Rights .
" Senators and Congressmen will come back in September afraid to vote against the American people , " DeMint predicted , adding that " this health care issue Is D - Day for freedom in America . "
" If we ’re able to stop Obama on this it will be his Waterloo .
It will break him , " he said .
The founder of Conservatives for Patients Rights told the 104 participants in the call , which was organized to coincide with the National Tea Party Patriots group 's protests at the offices of members of Congress today , that polling suggests majorities oppose a " government take - over , " which is how Scott 's group casts the Obama plan .
Rep . Mike Pence , also on the call , also said the tide is turning .
" Every single day more dems are expressing op to government - run health care , " he said .
I 'm excited to announce that starting today , developers can get an early look at the SDK for the next version of the Android platform .
This new version ( which will be 1.5 ) is based on the cupcake branch from the Android Open Source Project .
Version 1.5 introduces APIs for features such as soft keyboards , home screen widgets , live folders , and speech recognition .
At the developer site , you can download the early - look Android 1.5 SDK , read important information about upgrading your Eclipse plugin and existing projects , and learn about what 's new and improved in Android 1.5 .
We 've also made changes to the developer tools and the structure of the SDK itself .
Future Android SDK releases will include multiple versions of the Android platform .
For example , this early - look includes Android platform versions 1.1 and 1.5 .
One benefit of this change is that developers can target different Android platform versions from within a single SDK installation .
Another is that it enables developers to install Android SDK add - ons to access extended functionality that might be provided by OEMs , carriers , or other providers .
We at Google are using this feature ourselves : this early - look SDK includes an add - on for the Google APIs .
This add - on provides support for the Google Maps API , which was previously embedded in the " core " SDK .
To help you prepare your applications for the release of Android 1.5 on phones , over the next few weeks we 'll be publishing a series of articles on this blog to highlight new APIs and other changes .
In addition to the new APIs that I 've mentioned , we 'll cover topics such as OpenGL , asynchronous tasks , system settings , and new Activity callbacks .
I encourage you to start working with this early - look SDK , but please know that the APIs for Android 1.5 have not been finalized .
The majority of the APIs are settled , but there may be some changes before the final release .
As a result , it 's very important that you do n't release applications based on this early - look SDK , since they may not work on real devices .
The applications you release should be built on the final Android 1.5 SDK release , which will be available around the end of this month .
I look forward to seeing all the great apps that use the new capabilities in Android 1.5 .
Happy coding !
In 1992 , George H.W. Bush signed Executive Order 12803 , which gave D.C. the authority to sell America 's infrastructure .
They called this authority " Infrastructure Privatization . "
E.O. 12803 tells us this power cleared the way for the " disposition or transfer of an infrastructure " asset " such as by sale or by long - term lease from a State or local government to a private party . "
E.O. 12803 also lists examples of America 's saleable and / or lease - able infrastructure : · Roads · Tunnels · Bridges · Electricity supply facilities · Mass transit · Rail transportation · Airports · Ports · Waterways · Recycling / wastewater treatment facilities · Solid waste disposal facilities · Hospitals · Prisons · Schools · Housing E.O. 12803 tells us that this list represents infrastructure " examples . "
Let us , therefore , assume that this is not the complete list of America 's saleable infrastructure .
However , this list is a stunning confession .
Notice that all items listed in 12803 are the very same infrastructure items listed in all Martial Law Executive Orders ( see here ) .
Martial Law kicks in to power during declared states of emergency and with the single signature of the president .
Strangely ( and ignorantly ) , we currently have multiple declared states of emergency : · Act of March 9 , 1933 , a declared state of emergency at the request of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York .
This state of emergency was never lifted .
· Global pandemic - Level 6 · Mortgage / housing crisis · Banking / lending crisis · Automobile industry crisis · Insurance industry crisis · Healthcare crisis · Southwestern border crisis · Black market drug crisis · National education crisis · Nature / global warming crisis · Jobs / unemployment crisis ·
On - going weather and forest fire crises · Extreme and unread congressional legislation crisis due to on - going crises
What are the odds of complete and total social and " natural " crisis in every single facet of our lives and all at the same time ?
I will tell you how it was accomplished with simple math : Federal Reserve System +
Politicians + Tell - A- Vision = Assembly Line Crises .
It is called the Hegelian Dialectic Show .
Everything in the country , including the current planet - sized medical emergency , is in crisis .
So enters Martial Law .
Think of our president 's promises to " change " the country and to fix the economy ( which the Federal Reserve and Congress destroyed ) by rebuilding America 's infrastructure , including " 21st Century schools " and by greening - up our living standards and conditions ( International Code Council , Carbon Credits , Waxman - Markey Climate Bill , etc. ) - minus , of course , privately owned land and homes ( Agenda 21 ) .
In the last six months , consider the massive growth of the Federal Government , the national debt , and the powers of the Federal Reserve Central Banking System - all with stated intentions of fixing the economy that they single - handedly destroyed - and fixing it with " infrastructure " projects .
As Martial Law militarily guards all of E.O. 12803's infrastructure as listed in the Order , and with homeland paramilitary armies holding practice drills with foreign armies , local law enforcement , and emergency responders all across the nation ( and with a big drill planned July 27th through July 31st in FEMA Region 6 ) , And with all public schools , private schools , and universities forced to have " lock - down policies " and to be forced - used as quarantine holding tanks , and with all Americans having been repeatedly told to prepare for an emergency ( meaning an emergency that will bring Martial Law into the full light of day , which the " drills " have clearly done ) , AND the very same infrastructures listed in Executive Order 12803 are also listed in all Martial Law Executive Orders , and all these infrastructures having been for sale , lease - able , or having been sold during the last 17 years - including our children 's schools , our hospitals , and our homes - I suggest to you that you are witness ing Central Banking Debt Magic at its finest moment .
Would n't you love to know how much money has been made by selling our nation to the highest bidders ?
Let us review : 1 . The country 's infrastructure has been for sale for 17 years .
Roads , tunnels , bridges , electricity supply facilities , mass transit , rail transportation , airports , ports , waterways , water supply facilities , recycling / wastewater facilities , solid waste facilities , prisons , hospitals , schools , and housing -- this being of " examples " of saleable infrastructure and not the entire list of saleable items according to E.O. 12803 -- so the question begs :
What exactly has been sold to " private parties in our nation ?
We would like to see the complete list .
We know that many highway systems have been sold to foreign countries , but what of the other listed items ?
Have they been sold as well ?
If so , who owns them , and more to the question , which D.C. department sold them and for how much ?
Did the Federal Reserve and Congress sell our nation ?
Where is the paperwork ?
Did they repay any of America 's debt that they purposefully created with their pyramid fiat money lending schemes ?
And why are they still raising our taxes if America is no longer America but belongs to foreign nations or " private parties ? "
Since the Federal Reserve is a " private " corporation , did the Fed buy any of America 's infrastructure " assets ? "
As American " housing " is on 12803 's list , and since D.C. recently took over the mortgage industry , has the housing market been sold and / or leased to a " private party " like a foreign nation or the Federal Reserve Corporation ?
Are the American people tenants to unknown parties ?
Are American children occupying foreign - owned schools , and are our loved ones lying in foreign hospitals that are clearly chock - full of foreign doctors ?
Equally , who , exactly , is financing the building of 21st Century schools and classrooms complete with foreign curricula ?
The questions beg : who are the foreigners .... the foreigners or the American people ?
More to the point , who is dissolving , partitioning , and / or divvying up our nation ?
Is it Obama ?
Geithner ?
Bernacke ?
Bushes ?
Clintons ?
FDR ?
Wilson ?
American morons ?
It would seem that we are preparing for the Big Transfer - the transfer of our nation to and beneath a new authority or several new authorities .
It now makes a great deal of sense why foreign troops have been cross- training with our new paramilitary systems , and yes , there are foreign troops on American soil , which I fear may not be American soil at all .
Equally , multiculturalism suddenly makes a great deal of sense .
I believe we can call it " behavior modification " so that we the stupid people will behave and be obedient under the new rules of new and foreign leaders .
I ask you , has our nation been sold out from under us , and without our knowledge ?
Could there be any other possible explanation for selling the most critical components of our country , while at the same time creating new , multicultural and cross - trained armies ; permanently bankrupting the nation and selling its debt to foreign countries , and having Martial Law orders written specifically to protect the sold " assets " of our nation -- including our schools and homes ?
Are America 's new owners to be protected by new Martial Law armies , cross - trained with foreign armies , while our " traditional " military is spread all over the planet - except here with its nation 's people ?
Are we being transferred to new ownership as we speak ?
Consider : Washington D.C. debts were sold to foreign nations .
· Washington D.C. = politicians · Debts = Federal Reserve Central ( Fiat ) Banking · Sold = Wall Street
Is it not realistic to think that big league politicians , bankers , and CEOs are loyal to no nation when they were massively enriched by internationalized banking , internationalized trade , absurd and illegal taxation , and by interest rates forced upon the people of this nation , while at the same time selling our nation to other central banks around the world and " private parties " - and for personal profit ?
Truth is , they sold the infrastructure first , and then they sold we the people as tax generators and life - long human resources to their global banking and business partners in crime .
What is the crime , you ask ?
The Federal Reserve , which is a piece of a global banking cartel , and their politicians and CEO partners who made counterfeiting and Ponzi / pyramid schemes legalized theft on continental scales .
Your country is 1 ) not your country and , 2 ) not what you thought it was for at least 100 years .
You are going to have to seek God 's grace to be relieved from the bitterness of that truth .
Today , we do n't know under whose authority we live , but Washington , D.C. and the Federal Reserve do know .
Big , big changes are on the horizon .
All I can tell you is to remember that freedom , granted to all by God , is first and foremost a state of mind .
Pray for guidance .
Prepare yourselves because Obama spoke the truth .
It is all about " infrastructure . "
The promised change has arrived .
The question is this : who owns America ?
Who have the American people been committed to serving and beneath what form of government ?
We can pretty much assume that Asia owns a very large chunk of America , as does Great Britain , India , Middle Eastern countries , and perhaps Mexico and Canada , as well .
We can also assume that Martial Law armies will be guarding all the sold " assets " during what could be an extraordinary and massively tyrannical transfer of power .
The love of money is the root of all evil .
No truer words were ever spoken .
NASA technicians have successfully removed the rogue knob which had wedged itself between a window and the dashboard of space shuttle Atlantis .
A slight pressurisation of Atlantis and repeated applications of dry ice failed to dislodge the " quick shoe mount knob from a crew work lamp " .
In the end , NASA gave the go - ahead to " use hand pressure to manipulate it loose " .
NASA will now evaluate the damaged caused by the knob to the window 's inner pressure pane .
If it has to be replaced - and NASA does have a spare in stock - the agency estimates Atlantis will be off the launch manifest for up to six months , and certainly not available for its 12 November STS - 129 mission to the International Space Station .
NASA is now doing some " contingency planning " to hand the mission to Discovery .
This in turn causes a few problems because an extra Discovery flight would breach its " eight flight Orbiter Maintenance Down Period limit " - at the end of which the vehicle must stand down for mandatory maintenance .
There 's more on NASA 's ISS launch manifest woes and the knob - removal drama here . ®
Honduran troops kill anti-coup demonstrators at Tegucigalpa airport
By Barry Grey
6 July 2009
Honduran troops on Sunday fired on anti-coup demonstrators outside the airport in the capital , Tegucigalpa , killing at least two and wounding many more .
Thousands had converged on the heavily guarded airport to show support for deposed President Manuel Zelaya , who flew from Washington DC earlier in the day in a bid to return to Honduras and reclaim power .
The coup government , headed by former parliamentary speaker Roberto Micheletti and backed by the military , the Congress , the Church and the dominant sections of the business establishment , had vowed to prevent Zelaya ’s charter plane from landing .
It had ringed the airport with troops and parked military vehicles on the runways .
The government , installed following a military coup on June 28 that forced Zelaya into exile , has defied broad international condemnation and issued warrants for Zelaya ’s arrest on treason and other charges , should he attempt to return .
Zelaya , who was accompanied on his plane by United Nations General Assembly President Miguel D’Escoto Brockman , a Nicaraguan diplomat , and several aides and journalists , landed in Nicaragua on his way to neighboring El Salvador .
A separate plane , carrying a delegation supporting Zelaya including the head of the Organization of American States ( OAS ) , José Miguel Insulza , and presidents Christina Fernandez de Kirchner of Argentina , Rafael Correa of Ecuador and Fernando Lugo of Paraguay , flew to San Salvador , the capital of El Salvador .
From his plane , Zelaya told the Venezuelan - based news network Telesur that he had been denied landing rights in Honduras .
The clash at the airport was evidently the bloodiest since the coup and followed several days of growing anti-coup protests involving trade unionists , rural poor , youth and students .
The protests have swelled despite a state of emergency , a 10 p.m. to 5 a.m. curfew , the closure of media outlets sympathetic to Zelaya as well as international media outlets , and an unknown number of arrests .
Masses of troops and riot police have been deployed throughout Tegucigalpa and other cities and members of Zelaya ’s cabinet have been detained , deported or are in hiding .
The coup regime has organized its own anti-Zelaya demonstrations , which even the American media has acknowledged to be dominated by wealthier and more privileged layers of the population .
The clash at the airport followed a 33 - 0 vote Saturday by the OAS to suspend Honduras from the organization for failing to heed a 72 - hour deadline the organization set last week for the regime to allow Zelaya to return and resume his presidency .
“ Interim President ” Micheletti sought to preempt the vote by announcing that Honduras had withdrawn from the OAS , but the OAS refused to recognize the withdrawal , calling his government illegitimate .
With the country teetering on the edge of civil war , the coup regime announced that it would be willing to open up negotiations with the OAS .
At the same time , it reiterated its opposition to allowing Zelaya to return to power .
The Obama administration has publicly denounced the coup and joined with the OAS , the United Nations General Assembly , the European Union and other international bodies in demanding Zelaya ’s reinstatement .
However , the US is playing a double game .
While many Latin American countries and the 27 member states of the European Union have recalled their ambassadors from Honduras , Washington has not withdrawn US Ambassador Hugo Llorens .
The administration has refused even to formally declare Zelaya ’s ouster at gunpoint a coup , claiming it is studying the situation .
This is a thinly disguised ploy to avoid cutting off military aid and imposing other sanctions against the coup regime , which it is required to do under a US law prohibiting such ties to a government installed through the military overthrow of an elected leader .
The US maintains an air base with some 800 troops and other personnel about 60 miles from the Honduran capital .
It has for decades trained and equipped the Honduran military , and used Honduras as a base for counterrevolutionary interventions , military coups and other destabilization operations throughout the region .
These include the 1954 CIA coup that toppled Jacobo Arbenz Guzmán in Guatemala and the US proxy war in the 1980s against the Sandinista government in Nicaragua .
The US was involved in three previous coups in Honduras , in 1955 , 1963 and 1972 .
The two military officials who led the coup against Zelaya were trained at the School of the Americas in Fort Benning , Georgia .
There is evidence that the Obama administration was intimately involved in pre-coup plans to oust Zelaya , The New York Times last week cited an unnamed US official as saying that Llorens and Assistant Secretary of State for Western Hemisphere Affairs Thomas A. Shannon , Jr. spoke to “ military officials and opposition leaders ” in the days before the coup .
The official said , “ There was talk of how they might remove the president from office , how he could be arrested , on whose authority they could do that . ”
Both Llorens and Shannon were top advisers on Andean affairs to President Bush in the period leading up to and during the US - backed coup that briefly toppled Venezuelan President Hugo Chávez in 2002 .
Since the Honduran coup , the Obama administration has refused to take any serious measures against the new regime .
It has merely suspended some military contacts , pending the results of its “ study ” to determine whether a coup actually occurred .
The US accounts for 70 percent of the country ’s exports , and remittances from Hondurans in the US comprise 20 percent of the impoverished country ’s gross national product .
Were Washington to impose a trade embargo , the new regime would be forced to back down .
It is inconceivable that the coup regime would maintain its hard line without tacit backing from Washington .
US State Department spokesmen , moreover , publicly urged Zelaya not to attempt to return to Honduras , and the US , through its closest allies in the OAS — Canada , Mexico , Costa Rica and Colombia — defeated provisions in the OAS declaration suspending Honduras that would have required member states to cut off bilateral cooperation with the country .
It appears that the US is seeking either to keep Zelaya out of Honduras or to broker a deal that would return him to power under conditions where his government would be crippled and faced with the constant threat of military intervention .
Under US pressure , Zelaya told reporters last week , following a speech before the UN General Assembly , that he had abandoned plans to hold a non-binding referendum on convening a constitutional assembly and that he would not seek a second term in office .
Elections are scheduled in Honduras for November , and Zelaya ’s term expires in January of 2010 .
The Honduran constitution presently prohibits a second presidential term , and his opponents charged that he was seeking to amend the constitution in order to secure a new term in office , a charge which he denies .
The referendum became the pretext for the coup on June 28 .
Zelaya was planning to go ahead with the referendum on that day , in defiance of a Supreme Court ruling declaring it unconstitutional , which was backed by the military and the Congress .
The real reasons for the coup were Zelaya ’s domestic policies and his alliance with Chávez and Chávez ’s left nationalist allies in the Bolivarian Alternative for the Peoples of Our America , which include Bolivia , Ecuador and Nicaragua .
Elected as the candidate of the bourgeois establishment Liberal Party on a law - and - order platform in 2005 , Zelaya had shifted in the intervening years toward populist domestic policies and an alignment with Latin American countries deemed by Washington to be hostile to US interests .
He particularly won the enmity of the Honduran business establishment and its allies in the military , the Church and Congress when he increased the minimum wage by 60 percent and began denouncing the “ oligarchy . ”
The business elite responded to the minimum wage decree by laying off workers or simply ignoring it .
Zelaya earned the hostility of Washington a year ago when he broke from a free trade agreement with the US and joined the Bolivarian Alternative , which was formed to undermine support for the US - based hemispheric trade accord .
“ Over the last year , Zelaya ’s positions moved to the left .
He pushed social programs and more attention for the poor who have no work , ” said Giuseppe Magno , the outgoing Italian ambassador .
“ This switch was not in line with the program he was voted in for .
He was too close to [ Nicaraguan President Daniel ] Ortega and Chávez , a position the middle and upper classes did not appreciate . ”
Doris Gutiérrez , a lawmaker who supports Zelaya , told the Washington Post , “ There are people in Congress who are against the coup , but they remain in silence . ”
She added , “ The business sector has been strong , very strong , in supporting the coup . ”
Obama is able to rely on a subservient US media to conceal the role of Washington in the coup and give the administration a free hand to work out a settlement favorable to US imperialist interests .
The US media has barely reported the tumultuous events in Honduras , and made no issue of the coup regime ’s repression or crackdown on news media in Honduras , including US - based networks such as CNN .
This policy stands in the sharpest contrast to the US media propaganda campaign against an alleged electoral coup in Iran — a charge that it has never substantiated .
The reason for the difference is the simple fact that the US opposes the victim of the Honduran coup and supports the faction of the Iranian establishment that lost the June 12 election .
Though he is being denounced by the coup leaders and their allies as a socialist or communist , Zelaya is neither .
He is a bourgeois politician who sought to use nationalist and populist demagogy to defuse growing popular discontent — 70 percent of Hondurans live below the poverty line and 40 percent live on less than $ 2 a day — which is being intensified by the impact of the global economic crisis , and who concluded that he could obtain a better economic deal by accepting Chávez ’s offer of cheap oil .
The aim of the US in brokering a deal that could include allowing Zelaya to serve out his term is indicated by the intervention within the OAS of US allies .
Echoing US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , who last week said any settlement had to take into account the “ underlying causes ” of the coup , Peter Kent , Canada ’s minister of foreign affairs , said , “ ... there is a context in which these events happened ...
There has to be an appreciation of the events that led up to the coup . ”
Aljazeera ’s Latin American editor Lucia Newman on Friday reported that under one scenario being discussed to solve the crisis “ this de facto government , as the OAS calls it , would issue a blanket amnesty that would annul the arrest order for Zelaya .
In exchange , elections would be brought forward .
But the deposed president would have to be reinstated [ pending the election ’s outcome ] .
I understand that this proposal was put forward by Argentina . ”
In a Washington Post column published Friday , Edward Schumacher - Matos , a supporter of the coup , wrote : “ President Obama was correct in calling Zelaya ’s ouster illegal , while Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton declined to call the action a coup — in hopes of bringing Zelaya back into government but with wings clipped .
In this instance , the US government played the morally right hand . ”
To call Zelaya ’s return to office under such conditions a victory for “ democracy ” is a travesty .
This , however , is the position of the left nationalist leaders aligned with Chávez .
Nicaragua ’s Ortega declared that if Zelaya were returned to power , the coup authors would suffer no punishment .
He , along with Chávez and Zelaya himself , is reduced to appealing to Obama to take a harder line in demanding Zelaya ’s reinstatement .
Indeed , Zelaya ’s wife and son have taken refuge in the US embassy in Tegucigalpa .
These bourgeois left leaders are no less petrified at the prospect of an eruption of mass working class opposition in Honduras than are the coup leaders .
Analysts are positively gushing about Microsoft's Bing .
Initial Comscore numbers showed a pop in Bing traffic !
Some observers have gone so far as to suggest that Bing will usher in a whole new era in the search war between Google and Microsoft . *
Keep dreaming .
First , there is n't a search war between Google and Microsoft .
Google won what little skirmish there was about 5 years ago , and Microsoft has been gradually surrendering its last remaining territory ever since .
Second , of course traffic to Bing has increased !
People are naturally curious , especially given the $ 80 - $ 100 million ad campaign .
Why would n't people check it out ?
Third , yes , Bing has added some cool innovations , but nothing that Google can't and wo n't copy immediately .
And that gets to the heart of Microsoft 's problem here : Search is n't broken .
The reason almost 70 % of folks use Google is that most folks like Google and most folks are used to Google .
If there 's a " better " search engine out there , most people probably do n't know that it 's better ( because it 's really hard to tell - - in part because " better " is in the eye of the beholder ) , and many people who can tell probably do n't care .
Sure , people will try a new search engine .
Why not ?
Everyone 's curious .
But when they see that it 's not obviously better , and / or when Google immediately copies anything that is actually better about it , most people will head right back to Google again .
And they 'll be well - served there .
Imran Khan of JP Morgan just did a survey that illustrates the uphill battle Microsoft faces here : Consumers are happy with Google .
They do n't see a need to switch .
Specifically , Imran 's survey suggests that 98 % of people wo n't switch to Bing and that those who do will be coming from AOL and Ask ( folks Microsoft might have gotten eventually , anyway ) .
In our opinion , that 's not a happy enough prognosis to justify Micrsoft 's $ 10 billion bet .
Now that a month has passed since the launch of Bing , we completed a nation - wide survey to over 750 people above 18 years of age to assess the impact of Bing on their search habits .
In our opinion , the results showed that although roughly a quarter of survey respondents were willing to try Bing , the vast majority ( ~98 % ) will not be switching to Bing as their primary search engine .
Following are the key results :
The Bing advertising campaign has raised brand awareness and usage .
59.1 % of our respondents had heard of Bing and 24.9 % tried the new Bing search engine .
However , we think that this behavior is more typical of testing a new product than making a permanent search engine shift .
Of the respondents who had tried Bing , only 38.9 % used it more than 5 times last month .
Respondents who tried Bing had a positive experience .
Of the respondents who had tried Bing , 38.3 % listed the relevancy of the results as its greatest strength , with the variety of results including web , maps , images , etc. coming in second at 22.1 % .
Speed , organization of the results page , and the user interface also received positive reviews .
According to our survey , it seems that most of Bing ’s market share gains came at the expense of AOL and Ask .
Of our total survey population , 25.8 % of our respondents claim that they use AOL search less than before the Bing launch and 24.0 % of our respondents claimed that they used Ask search less than before the Bing launch .
Conversely , only 10.6 % and 16.4 % of the respondents claimed to use Google and Yahoo ! search less than before the Bing launch , respectively .
People are happy with their current search experience .
From our standpoint , the biggest problem that Microsoft is facing is that 62.6 % of our respondents indicated that they did not see any weaknesses in their current search experience .
As such , in order to gain meaningful market share , we believe Microsoft has to 1 ) create a markedly better product , 2 ) significantly expand its distribution , or 3 ) invest heavily in content development on its O&O sites .
While we expect competition in the search market to increase , we think it will be difficult to shift search behavior if people are completely satisfied with their current search engine .
Results indicate a slight market share gain is possible by Bing .
We roughly estimate that Microsoft would gain about 200 bps in market share based on respondents who use Microsoft more than 15 times a month .
Going forward , 11.4 % of respondents believe they will use Bing more than 15 times a month , which is only a 220 bp increase to comparable Microsoft usage prior to the launch of Bing .
Asked another way , 9.4 % of respondents expect to use Bing as their primary search engine in the future vs.
Microsoft ’s current primary usage by 7.1 % participants .
We expect most of the market share gain to be at the expense of AOL and Ask .
See Also :
It 's Time Microsoft Faced Reality About Search And The Internet
Ballmer Is Making A Bad $ 10 Billion Bet
* This post originally said that the New York Times was one of the observers who said that Bing could usher in a new era in the search war between Google and Microsoft .
This overstated the NYT 's position .
In fact , the NYT said , " The once - dubious prospect that Microsoft could shake up the search business has become just a bit more likely . "
part of a challenge circulating around dA. original : [ link ] figured this was a good challenge for me since i do n't work with expressions very much .
i just chose candy cane laine ( [ link ] ) and gave it a try .
drawn in photoshop CS3 with an intuos3 tablet .
textures from cgtextures.com , tips on how to use textures can be found here - [ link ] and for other tips check out my f.a.q - [ link ]
GNU screenはもう古いので皆さんtmuxへ移行しましょう、という話。Gentooならemerge tmux 。
その他
今から使うならロケール問題が解消されたtmux-0.9以降がオススメ。ただ、tmux-0.9でも設定ファイルにutf8の記述が必要。私の今の設定（~/.tmux.conf）はこんな感じ。詳しくはtmux(1)を参照。
set - window - option -g utf8 on # 日本語環境なら今のところ必須。 set - window - option -g mode - keys vi # コピーモードのキーマップ。標準はemacs set - window - option -g automatic - rename off # ウィンドウ名が自動的に更新されないよう に
Vimで色が正しくでない場合は、t_Coが指定されていないか確認。
BERKELEY , California — What was once the world ’s biggest atom smasher will soon be nothing more than a collection of old photos and the dust beneath the next big science machine .
Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory ’s Bevatron , built by the Atomic Energy Commission for $ 9 million in the early ' 50s , is slowly being demolished in the hills overlooking San Francisco Bay .
In a few years , all traces of it will be gone .
The Bevatron was a marvel , that , when compared to the rest of the human world drew ridiculous comparisons .
Popular Science called it a “ 10,000 - Ton Cracker for Invisible Nuts ” and rapturously listed its dimensions .
For boys of all ages , the Bevatron ’s stats were the 36 - 24 - 36 of physics .
“ It is 135 feet across , cost $ 9,500,000 and contains more than 9,500 tons of iron , 225 miles of wire , and 2,400 vacuum tubes , ” wrote Darrell Huff in Popular Science .
“ This is the bevatron , just completed , the most powerful atom - smasher yet built . ”
The Bevatron occupied 125,000 square feet of land at the center of Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory .
It was once the crown jewel of the lab , of the National Lab system and of the particle physics world .
What it would actually do — the physics of the thing — was probably obscure to most readers of Popular Science .
The enormous size of this mechanical monument belied the tiny scale on which it really worked .
“ It takes this mammoth to smash atoms , which are so small 20,000,000 just span a pinhead , ” Huff wrote in a photo caption .
Between 1954 and 1960 , this mammoth was the envy of physics world .
Just a year after its completion , scientists used it to find the antiproton , a discovery which yielded a Nobel Prize for Emilio Segré and Owen Chamberlain , and provided confirmation that symmetry existed .
Particles did have antiparticles .
Antimatter was definitively real .
The 135 - foot diameter Bevatron was the largest in a series of circular particle accelerators invented by E. O. Lawrence , after whom Lawrence Berkeley and Lawrence Livermore National Labs are named .
The first cyclotron , constructed in 1930 , was a mere four inches across .
It was followed by a string of ever larger machines , with diameters of 9 , 11 , 27 , 37 and 60 inches .
In 1942 , Lawrence built the 184 - inch cyclotron which aided in the separation of uranium isotopes for use in the atomic bomb and created the first artificial mesons .
Science historian Alvin Weinberg noted that Lawrence created not just a series of machines that enabled scientific discoveries , but an entirely new way of doing science .
“ The new style of big science based on very large pieces of equipment is generally attributed to Ernest O. Lawrence , ” Weinberg wrote .
“ His 37 - inch cyclotron at Berkeley was a monster for its time ; this was followed by the 60 - inch , the 184 - inch , the synchrocyclotron , the proton synchrotron ( Bevatron ) , in ever - increasing size and complexity . ”
Physicist Paul Dirac developed a set of equations that predicted the existence of antimatter more than 20 years before it was confirmed , by uniting Einstein ’s special relativity with some quantum mechanics .
The equations correctly predicted the existence of the positron , the electron ’s antiparticle , but no particle accelerator was powerful enough to test the theory for protons .
The energy necessary to produce a particle is proportional to its mass and protons are roughly 2,000 times more massive than electrons .
Creating a proton - antiproton pair would take one incredible machine .
A case had to be made that this bit of science , probing the elementary particles of the universe , was more important than , say , poverty or more airplanes or building freeways .
Social skills and budgetary maneuvering , cutting deals with the Atomic Energy Commissioners — these were the things that would bring about fundamental new discoveries when harnessed to smart physics .
Lawrence was the man for the job .
Lawrence was an incredible political operator who could put together the funding and team to get such a machine built and keep it operating .
Scientists the world over knew theoretically where to look for antiprotons .
They knew what kind of energies it would take to find them .
The skill , then , was to marshal the political capital to generate the actual capital to build and operate the powerful proton accelerator .
“ He was as adept at fund raising as at building new devices , ” the American Institute of Physics remarks in its history of Lawrence .
Lawrence touted his early radiation research as key to understanding cancer .
Later , he sold his physics as necessary for keeping up with the Russians .
If he were alive now , high - energy physics would probably be the key to stopping terrorism or fixing the economy .
Lawrence had a new set of skills for a new era of scientific research .
Big Science , as it ’s called , is systematized and formal .
It ’s kind of corporate .
You can see its mark on nearly every modern paper in the long lists of co-authors .
Whereas early in the 20th century , a paper was likely to result from one beautiful mind , by the '50s Lawrence had transferred the beauty to the machines , with brilliant scientists tending to them like bees in hives .
“ Lawrence 's laboratory was probably the first in which the central piece of equipment was so elaborate , and possibly so temperamental , as to require a more or less full - time engineering staff , ” Weinberg continued .
“ The logistics of keeping the place going — whether this means the scientific machinery or the elaborate organization that tends the machinery — becomes an essential ingredient of the activity . ”
From 1950 until today , the average number of authors of a paper in Nature has quadrupled .
The reception of science changed in Big Science , too .
The machine to do the science became more newsworthy than the science itself .
The Bevatron ’s completion made the front page of The New York Times .
The publication of the Nobel Prize - winning paper in which the antiproton was announced was n't even in the front section of the paper .
The Times described it as “ important ” but “ no great surprise . ”
Such a huge machine , and all to confirm a few scribbles from some British guy , Waldemar Kaempffert , the Times science writer , wrote .
Emilio Segrè , one of the Nobel winners , also felt the technological achievement of the Bevatron was bigger than its scientific contribution .
When he looked back on his life , too , the antiproton did n’t stick out as his most satisfying discovery .
Instead , the new elements he discovered felt most important .
“ The antiproton is a very interesting thing , but , you see , the new elements — this is now quite personal — is something done at the bottom of Sicily by myself and only myself with very small means , ” Segrè said .
“ The antiproton I had behind myself a Bevatron , lots of people helping , a strong presumption that it would be there ; so it 's a technical achievement , a respectable technical achievement . ”
The model for the discovery of the antiproton was n’t Einstein , it was Ford , and that ’s just not quite as romantic .
“ We were the first to do it because we were the first to have the machine , ” Segrè once said .
Now , though , that machine is being reduced to a pile of junk .
Steel truss by steel truss , concrete shield by concrete shield , the Bevatron is being disassembled .
Physicists extended its useful life for years after it lost its high - energy lead by creatively recombining it with other equipment , but the end eventually came .
When the demolition is completed in 2011 , it will have cost $ 72 million .
The Bevatron was decommissioned in 1993 .
An old man pushed a button with a Scotch - taped handmade sign on it that read , “ Atom Smasher Offer , ” and a small group of physicists quietly applauded .
For the last decade , it has sat unused on Berkeley Lab 's space - constrained campus .
Now , it ’s coming down and being hauled out with the help of stimulus money .
Some of its concrete , the non-radioactive stuff , could be pulverized and recycled into highways or strip malls .
It will take a total of three - and - a - half years to dismantle .
Around 4,700 truck trips will be required to transport its remains .
Even in death , the Bevatron ’s scale is eye popping .
U.S. District Court Judge Marilyn Hall Patel broke with tradition in a recent case , expanding copyright protections further beyond their original , intended purpose .
The motion picture industry took Seattle - based RealNetworks , Inc. to court over their inexpensive DVD copying software , RealDVD .
In Sony Corp. of America vs. Universal City Studios , Inc. ( 1984 ) , the Supreme Court ruled that manufacturers of video recording devices cannot be held liable for copyright infringement .
The majority opinion stated :
... the sale of copying equipment , like the sale of other articles of commerce , does not constitute contributory infringement if the product is widely used for legitimate , unobjectionable purposes .
Indeed , it need merely be capable of substantial noninfringing uses ....
If there are millions of owners of VTR's who make copies of televised sports events , religious broadcasts , and educational programs ... and if the proprietors of those programs welcome the practice , the business of supplying the equipment that makes such copying feasible should not be stifled simply because the equipment is used by some individuals to make unauthorized reproductions of respondents ' works ....
Justice John Paul Stevens wanted to go further with his opinion but risked alienating members of his 5 - 4 majority .
Stevens wanted to rule that
any copying for personal use does not constitute copyright infringement
.
More recently , in MGM Studios , Inc. vs. Grokster , Ltd. ( 2005 ) , the Supreme Court ruled against file - sharing companies but only if the company promotes illegal activity :
We hold that one who distributes a device with the object of promoting its use to infringe copyright , as shown by clear expression or other affirmative steps taken to foster infringement , is liable for the resulting acts of infringement by third parties .
The MGM ruling does not overturn the 1984 Sony case .
Companies that create a product that can be used for legitimate purposes and do not promote the illegitimate purposes are still protected under the Sony case .
RealNetworks , Inc. promotes its RealDVD software for home users to back - up legally acquired DVDs to a personal computer .
U.S. District Court Judge Marilyn Hall Patel ignored these Supreme Court opinions in ruling :
RealDVD products are designed primarily for circumvention of [ anti- piracy ] technology .
This unauthorized access infringes the Studios ' rights because it entails accessing content without the authority of the copyright owner .
Kyrgyz Taigan dogs chase a badger during a hunting festival near the village of Bokonbayevo , some 300 km ( 186 miles ) east from the capital Bishkek , August 24 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Vladimir Pirogov
BERLIN ( Reuters ) - A badger in Germany got so drunk on over - ripe cherries it staggered into the middle of a road and refused to budge , police said on Wednesday .
A motorist called police near the central town of Goslar to report a dead badger on a road -- only for officers to turn up and discover the animal alive and well , but drunk .
Police discovered the nocturnal beast had eaten cherries from a nearby tree which had turned to alcohol and given the badger diarrhoea .
Having failed to scare the animal away , officers eventually chased it from the road with a broom .
Online sharing of user - generated content is one of the greatest innovations that this round of gaming hardware has brought to the industry .
And though [ shal ] LittleBigPlanet [ / shal ] tends to recieve the brunt of that credit , many other titles have followed in its footsteps , allowing players to build content and share it with their friends on PSN and Xbox Live .
Cuboid is the latest title to recieve a level editor , and we ’re proud to say that it is well worth the cash .
It ’s clear that what [ shal ] Tik Games [ / shal ] and [ shal ] Creat Studios [ / shal ] have provided us with is the editor that they themselves used to build the game ( albeit , possibly more fitted for the PS3 controller ) and it ’s an amazingly powerful , easy to use tool .
And best of all , there ’s an included ability to upload your own levels , or download levels created by other users .
A scoring system is utilized to help separate the great levels from the mediocre or insane ones .
I figured I may as well show off what the editor is capable of , so included below is an HD recording of a playthrough of the PlayStation LifeStyle themed Cuboid level .
Check it out , and let us know if you plan on picking up the game and / or this awesome add - on content .
And yes , this level , titled “ PSLS Level 01 ” , is up on the Cuboid network .
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y7_SWwPDHUQ[/youtube]
A Quiet Revolution in Bicycles : Recapturing a Role as Utilitarian People - Movers ( Part II )
So you ’re inspired to try more biking …
Now what ?
If you have n't yet read Part I of this article , please do .
After learning about Peak Oil a few years back , I decided to get a cargo bicycle setup with an electric assist as an alternative to using a car for around - town trips .
I had been a cycling enthusiast for about 20 years at that point , and I had prior experience tinkering with electric bicycles .
During my college years , I worked in a bike shop and commuted daily by bike .
In 1994 , I ordered and installed my first electric add - on kit , consisting of a very basic setup – a friction roller against the tire , activated by a two - speed toggle switch on the handlebar .
I also happen to have a degree in Physics , which helped a lot with debugging early electric bike equipment that was not quite ready for prime time .
Nevertheless , when I decided to take on this project in 2007 , I quickly found out that it was n’t a simple undertaking , despite my fairly broad experience .
The local bike shops were not enthused by this project .
They would n’t touch electric assist , and ordering an Xtracycle kit to convert my bike to a cargo hauler was something they were decidedly lukewarm about .
Given that attitude , I decided to just order the parts through the Internet and do it myself .
I encountered a huge variety of choices on the Internet , especially in the realm of electric motor kit add - ons .
There were myriad motors , motor controllers , and batteries – and a wide range of prices .
It took a few months of reading and research before I was confident with my choice .
And then the fancy , expensive lithium ion battery I ordered did n’t ever show up ( after months of waiting , I cancelled that order ) .
That ’s when I decided to get into the business , because if other people had to go through what I was going through , not many would ever adopt this option for an oil - limited future .
Find an open - minded bike mechanic or shop
Fortunately , since that time , I ’ve heard reports of quite a few bike shops around the country that are taking these options more seriously .
Many shops are beginning to actively support the cargo bicycle concept .
Fewer are embracing the electric motor concept , though we ’ve had quite a few customers who purchased a motor kit to be installed by their local bike mechanic – and found their reluctant mechanic became more enthusiastic about it during the process .
More and more e-bike - specific dealers are cropping up .
Unless you have significant experience working on bikes , it will help to have someone to assist with the assembly and / or upkeep of your new ride .
I suggest calling around to the local bike shops and asking .
Ask whether they ’d be willing to help you with something like an Xtracycle installation and / or electric motor installation , to find out whether or not they treat you like you ’re from the planet Mars .
If they do n’t , then you might have a keeper .
If they do respond that way , just call the next one in the list .
Another possibility is to check your local Craigslist for people willing to do mechanical work – or you might even post a help wanted ad .
It 's not that I discourage learning how to do the work yourself – in fact , over the long term , I think it is a valuable set of skills to develop .
If you ’re Peak - Oil - aware , you ’re likely into self - sufficiency , right ?
But the initial assembly of such a bike can be quite involved .
It is certainly possible to do it yourself , if you have prior mechanical skills and some time / patience .
But most bikes ship disassembled to save space and shipping costs , which means they require substantial assembly upon arrival .
If you do n’t know what a headset , bottom bracket or derailleur is , then I ’d strongly recommend that you pick up a book like the Park Tools Big Blue Book of Bicycle Repair and check out Sheldon Brown ’s excellent repair site .
These resources will give you a better idea of what is involved in building up and working on a bike .
Recently , some shops have figured out how to ship certain bikes fully assembled , but that adds to the cost .
Some brands of bike even prohibit dealers from selling and shipping their bikes fully assembled .
Even if you do get a fully - assembled bike delivered to your doorstep , I ’d still recommend checking out the above resources to learn how to do it yourself or developing a relationship with a local mechanic who can work on your bike .
Overview of costs
Acquiring a complete electric cargo bike built from reputable , name - brand components is not an cheap endeavor .
Typical prices for these bikes are $ 900 - $ 2200 , not including $ 600 - $ 1800 for the electric motor kits .
So a bottom - end electric cargo bike setup is going to cost $ 1500 or more , and a lighter and / or higher - end setup , as much as $ 2500 .
For replacing a car with such a bike , most people find it to be worth the cost .
In fact , we ’ve had quite a few customers who sold a second car and used the proceeds to buy a cargo bike of some sort .
But if it is only going to be used occasionally , that is a lot to spend .
Electric bikes without cargo - carrying can be had for less , often as little as $ 400 - $ 500 , though in this price range they are n’t designed for durability .
Electric add - on motor kits with batteries start in the high $ 300 ’s and go up to $ 1800 or more .
The biggest variation in price in electric bikes and motor kits comes from the batteries .
Lead acid batteries are cheap , but heavy , and are not all that long lasting .
Lithium batteries are lightweight and longer - lived , but they are expensive .
An electric utility bike setup based on a Yuba Mundo ( $ 900 ) and a BMC hub motor kit with Nickel Cadmium battery pack and charger .
Total system price is $ 2,097 .
In general , the more you spend , the longer - lasting the components , at least to a point .
The very high - end includes extremely lightweight bikes and components meant for racing , and those are n’t what you want for a daily - use bike .
The best parts to use for an everyday bike are mid- to high - end mountain bike components , such as the Shimano Deore XT and / or SRAM X7 .
These are designed for the abuses of mountain biking ( mud / dirt / rain / etc ) , and hold up for a long time .
I have a Shimano Deore XT gear shifter and derailleur ( the part that actually shifts the chain from one gear to the next ) from 1987 that still works okay after 20 years of use .
I also have a nice chromoly steel mountain bike from 1992 that is in great shape .
Cheap stuff wo n’t last nearly so long .
Some discount and big - box outlets now carry electric bikes .
Their price is low , but that ’s about all that can be said for them .
The bikes are n’t selected by or for people who ride regularly .
They are designed for someone who is going to put the bike in the garage and only get it out a few times per year to go to the local bike path .
If you get one of these bikes and ride it regularly , it will break down .
In our shop , we ’ve seen many customers who bring us cheap discounter bikes to fix .
After a few years , it becomes more expensive to fix one of these bikes than it did to buy it in the first place .
And we ’re pretty tolerant – we want to help people ride their bikes more , so we ’ll fix almost anything .
But if you are on a tight budget , I ’d strongly suggest that you avoid buying a cheap discounter bike .
Instead buy a solid , used mountain bike ( typical costs < $ 100 ) , and convert it with a good , lower - end electric conversion kit ( ~$ 400 ) .
Then , if you later decide you want cargo - carrying capability , you can add on an Xtracycle kit .
The results of this approach will likely be far more satisfactory than a cheap Wal - Mart or Target electric bike .
A 1992 Stumpjumper mountain bike with Xtracycle kit installed .
Total cost under $ 600 .
Note the wide swept back handlebars ( Nitto North Road ) and wide saddle , to give a comfortable , upright riding position .
Comfort on the bike
Comfort is an often under - appreciated aspect of biking .
The main focus of the bike industry is on racing , and it has only recently begun to address comfort .
Racing is generally not comfortable , because one needs a tucked down position to be as aerodynamic as possible .
But for everyday riding , comfort and safety are essential to encourage ( rather than discourage ) everyday use .
A more upright position on the bike generally improves visibility to cars , and it also makes it easier for you to pay attention to the traffic around you .
Comparison of comfort saddle on the left to a racing saddle on the right .
They are built for different purposes .
I generally recommend the type of handlebars that give a more upright position on the bike , such as cruiser bars or comfort handlebars .
Many bikes on the market – even so - called “ comfort ” bikes – come with flat bars , the same as are on most mountain bikes .
The problem with flat handlebars is that they do not encourage an ergonomic hand position .
Try this experiment :
Let your hands hang down freely at your sides .
Then swing your hands slowly up together in front of you , where they would be if you were gripping handlebars , without twisting your wrists at all .
You ’ll see that the natural position is to have your knuckles pointed outward at 20 - 30 degrees from your centerline , not pointed straight ahead .
I used to use straight bars , until I started developing wrist pains from my regular riding .
Switching over to bars that sweep back at a 30 - degree angle solved those problems immediately .
If you ride the bike in an upright position , more weight is going to be on your rear end , so it is important to have a good seat .
Seats are a matter of strong personal preference .
Some people like a very cushy “ gel ” seat , while others prefer a bit more rigid seat .
One thing to note is that the seats that come with bikes are often not designed for comfort , unless it is a comfort bike .
So swapping out a seat is often important to consider .
Another important goal should be to size your bike properly , so that you are neither too stretched out , nor too scrunched up when you are riding it .
Some of the cargo bikes come in only one size but have adjustable stems and seats .
If you are a very short or tall person , it is good to mention your height when working with someone to find the right solution , since it can impact which bikes will provide the best fit .
You should be able to sit comfortably on your bike without any significant pressure on your hands and wrists ( or they will get sore ) .
For people with back , wrist , or knee issues – and for those wanting the ultimate in comfort – another possibility is a recumbent or semi-recumbent bike .
Recumbent bikes put the rider in a seated position more akin to a car seat than a standard bicycle .
Recumbents have their tradeoffs .
They are typically more comfortable and more aerodynamic .
On the downside , they often look a bit odd and bike - geek - ish , and they are lower and hence less visible to cars .
Nonetheless , they are becoming an increasingly viable option .
More recently , several manufacturers have introduced “ crank forward ” type designs , which are essentially a hybrid between a recumbent and an upright bike .
These brands include Day 6 , Electra , and Rans .
Rans even makes a recumbent utility / cargo bicycle called the Hammer Truck , mentioned in more detail later in this article .
Recumbent bicycle by RANS ( left ) , and semi- recumbent / comfort bike by Day6 ( right )
Convenience
The necessities of everyday bike commuting are quite different from those of racing or mountain biking .
One consideration is whether you can wear everyday clothes on the bike and not get them caught in the chain or wheel or messed up with grease .
Recreational cyclists often wear cycling clothes to avoid this problem , but most folks who ride for transportation do n’t want to don lycra .
To deal with this , many of the newer transportation - focused bikes have chain guards of some type , and some even have rear - wheel skirt / pant guards .
Chain guards like the Kool Stop Chain Disc can also be retrofitted , if your mountain or road bike lacks one .
Chain guard on Breezer Villager bicycle ( left ) , and Kool Stop Chain Disc add - on ( right )
If you ’re not springing for a utility bike right away , a rack can be also be quite useful for carrying stuff .
Some of the commuting - oriented bikes come with racks , and if you already have a bike lacking a rack , one can be retrofitted to almost any bike for $ 20 - 50 .
Some will just use a backpack or messenger bag to carry all their stuff while on the bike .
That works , but there are drawbacks .
In hot weather , you ’ll develop a sweaty spot wherever the bag or backpack is in contact with your skin .
Plus , for longer rides , the bags often become increasingly uncomfortable .
I strongly recommend for regular riding to find a way to get any loads you will carry mounted on the bike rather than on your back , using a suitable rack or utility bike setup .
Lights
Lights are another necessity , if there ’s any chance you ’ll be caught out after dark .
I could write a whole article on lights alone , but I will distill it down to a few key points :
Front lights are of two varieties , those to “ be seen ” and those to “ see with ” .
If you are riding where there are always city lights , you may only need the less expensive “ be seen ” type lights .
If you are riding in places where you might encounter unseen obstacles on the road , you need a “ see with ” light .
They are more expensive .
However , if you have an electric bike battery , there are now lights that can operate directly from that battery , so you do n’t have to pay for or carry a separate light battery .
They are made by the folks at ebikes.ca in Canada .
For the rear , you can buy an inexpensive and very bright red blinkie , such as the Planet Bike Superflash , which can be seen up to a mile away .
Most of these blinkies come with attachments , either for a seat post or a bag / backpack .
Also , I love the Flash Flags , both for night time and daytime use .
They are a fluorescent flag with reflective strips that sticks out to the side of your bike and waves in the wind while you ride .
It is highly visible , day or night .
I find most cars give more passing room when I am using one of these .
I highly recommend that you also consider lights , or at least reflectors , that will illuminate your bike from the side .
Some effective and inexpensive options include the NiteIze SpokeLit spoke light and Fun Reflectors that you can stick all over your bike .
If you want to get fancier with this , the MonkeyLight spoke light displays wild light patterns in your spokes , and the Down Low Glow casts a large , tinted glowing circle all around your bike .
Whichever way you choose , this type of illumination helps reduce the likelihood that a car will pull out right in front of you from a side street , claiming they did n’t see you .
Xtracycle bike with Down Low Glow ( blue ) , spoke lights , and electroluminescent wire ( in addition to front and rear lights )
Tires
Tires significantly determine how your bike will respond to the road .
The tires for racing bikes are designed for one goal – speed .
But those skinny little tires often compromise durability and the ability to safely ride over obstacles like potholes , gravel , grass , etc .
A lot of folks in the biking world focus on “ rotational weight ” of a wheel and tire , because these can have a strong effect on how the bike accelerates .
But for everyday biking , I strongly recommend considering wider , heavier - duty tires .
They are both safer and more comfortable to ride .
In fact , on my bike I now use very large “ balloon ” tires .
I really like the cushy ride they give , as well as the ability to ride over almost any type of surface ( except mud or ice ) .
Example of a slick “ balloon ” tire on the Yuba Mundo .
It gives a cushy ride , and gives the ability to ride over nearly any surface , including gravel or grass .
Mountain bikes often come with “ knobby ” tires that have a tread meant to grip in the dirt or mud .
While those are great off - road , you will get significantly lower rolling resistance with a smooth or semi smooth tire ( often referred to as “ slicks ” ) .
In my opinion , the optimal type for everyday riding in normal weather is the slick balloon style , ranging from 1.5 ” to 2.3 ” in width .
If you find yourself riding in snowy or icy conditions , there are even studded bike tires available .
I used these when I lived in a northern climate , and they work well , though they can be a bit noisy and they do add resistance .
For those on a budget , another option is to set your bike up with “ Poor Man ’s Tire Chains . ”
Safety considerations
General safety on a bicycle warrants a lot of discussion .
Before we can drive cars , we have to go through extensive training and licensing .
But anyone can hop on a bike , regardless of training .
Consider safe biking to be just like safe driving – it requires some practice and skill development .
There are many instructors through the League of American Cyclists who offer cycling skills training , and often local bike shops will offer classes as well .
You can also read up on the subject at websites like bicyclesafe.com and Bicycling Life , or pick up a book on the subject , such as The Art of Cycling by Robert Hurst .
But there are a number of bottom - line safety issues to keep in mind :
Sidewalks are dangerous .
Riding on sidewalks is often the most dangerous way to ride , because drivers do not easily see you and may pull out right in front of you .
There are occasional situations where I ’ll ride on a sidewalk – for example , if it is the only way to avoid a very busy road of high - speed traffic – but I avoid it whenever possible .
Choose your route carefully .
The best way to get somewhere by bike vs. by car is almost never the same route .
In a car , you ’re looking for routes with high - speed thoroughfares , but on a bike , you ’re looking for low - traffic and low - speed minor roads .
In my own commute , I bike a few extra miles every day in order to avoid a high - traffic , high - speed road .
I do n’t mind the extra distance with my electric bike .
Riding against traffic is dangerous .
When you are riding against oncoming traffic , nobody has sufficient time to react if there is a safety issue .
This can be very bad .
Biking at night without lights or when intoxicated is deadly .
In most studies I ’ve seen , at least a third of all bicycle - related deaths involved people riding at night while improperly lighted and / or while intoxicated .
If you want to become a statistic , this is a sure way to do it .
Pretend that drivers ca n’t see you .
Most of the time , drivers will see you – but sometimes they do n’t .
If you always assume they wo n’t see you , and ride accordingly , you can drastically increase your safety .
Timidly hugging the far right side is not effective .
Hugging the far right of the road can , in many situations , make you far less visible , particularly as you approach intersections , driveways , or turn - outs .
It also makes you more vulnerable to car doors being opened in front of you .
Instead , ride purposefully out in the lane ( many state laws allow you to be up to 1/3 into the lane and / or 3 ft from the right side , check to make sure ) .
If you are blocking traffic , then you can slide over to let cars by , with the added bonus that the drivers will be impressed by your courtesy as a cyclist .
Get a mirror .
The aware cyclist knows what is going on behind as well as in front .
While the majority of danger comes from the front , it brings both peace of mind and additional safety to know what ’s going on behind .
Helmet - mounted bicycle mirror
Overall , people who follow these guidelines tend to do well .
( According to some statistics , cyclists fare better than car drivers per mile travelled . )
Following good training and advice , you may reduce the risk of accident by as much as 1/4 ( see Table 6 at this site ) .
Many people think of biking as “ unsafe , ” but the biggest reason for that perception is all the untrained and uneducated riders .
For people who get proper bicycle safety training , the years that cycling will add to their lives through better health will more than offset any risks cycling might pose .
All about electric bikes
As I mentioned in Part I of this article , electric bikes are great because they encourage you to ride your bike more often , instead of taking the car .
This is particularly relevant for people who live a bit too far out of town , have hills , or hot weather , or are not in peak physical shape .
Commuting or carrying cargo on a bike , without electric , works for some people who live in places without major hills or who are truly dedicated to the physical conditioning required , but for the rest of us , electric makes the difference between a practical / usable bike and one that sits in the garage .
In the sections below , I will discuss various options and considerations in getting an electric bike or an electric motor add - on kit , and then we 'll talk about possible cargo options .
The combination of electric with a utility / cargo bike makes a great car replacement for many people .
Pedelec versus throttle control
There are two different styles of electric assist operation when a motor is attached to a bicycle .
The first , called a “ pedelec , ” operates the motor only when you are pedaling .
It detects your pedaling cadence ( revolution rate ) or force , and uses that to determine how much electric power to add .
Pedelec bikes are the most like regular bikes – you just get on them and ride , without thinking about the electric parts .
The electric assist just does its work silently in the background .
The other style of electric assist is a “ throttle control ” that uses either a motorcycle - style twist throttle or a thumb - activated throttle to control the power .
With this style , you can activate the motor whether or not you are pedaling .
When you are pedaling , it just adds power .
Some motor systems have enough power that they can carry you uphill without pedaling , but many do not – they will require at least gentle pedaling to move forward on steep uphills .
Some users like the feeling of control that the throttle gives ; others do n’t like to think about it .
It really comes down to a matter of personal preference .
Bike versus add - on kit
There are many brands of pre-built electric bikes that have an integrated motor and battery .
There is also an increasing number of add - on electric motor kits for converting a bike you already have to electric .
There are advantages and disadvantages to each one .
Electric bikes
There are many brands of electric bikes on the market , such as Ecobike , iZip , EMC , eZee , eGo ( a scooter ) , and many more .
Advantages : Directly integrated battery and electric assist , often stylish and comfortable , successful in stealth mode ( being seen as a regular bike instead of an electric bike ) , some have features like pedal sensing or regenerative braking ( see below ) , and safe when well - built and assembled .
Many models have chain guards to protect pants and skirt .
Disadvantages :
Most have only 6 - 8 pedaling gears , decent but not great drive - train components , not readily upgradable to different batteries / motors , and most of these are at the lower end of the power / speed range .
Ecobike electric bicycle with integrated lithium battery ( the black box ) , chain guard , cruiser handlebars , rack , 8 Fun electric motor , and throttle control .
Electric add - on kits
These kits consist of a motor , motor controller , either a throttle or a pedelec sensor , and a battery that all attach to your existing bike .
Installation of the simpler styles may take from 1 - 3 hours for someone who has mechanical experience with bikes .
Example of an add - on motor kit by Nine Continent
Advantages :
They recycle your existing bike into a new use , they are typically used to convert mountain style bikes ( which have more gears and better drive - trains ) , they come in a variety of power levels and speeds ( low to high ) , and you typically get more bang for your buck out of an electric - assist conversion .
Disadvantages include the difficulty of figuring out a matching set of components , making sure that they will install on your bike safely and without problems , and that you need to have an existing bike that is suitable for conversion and that you are comfortable on .
The latter point ca n’t be understated – a lot of people have an existing bike , but one which is uncomfortable to ride .
If the bike is not comfortable , you wo n’t ride it as often .
So if you spend the money to convert a bike to electric , I strongly recommend upgrading your seat and / or handlebars to make sure you will have a ride that is very comfortable for you .
It is also important that the bike is in suitable working condition so that you can safely convert it and ride it on a regular basis .
About motor types
The most common motor types available for electric bikes and electric bike conversion now are hub motors , where the motor is integrated directly into the bicycle wheel .
The advantages of hub motors are that they are compact , quiet , easy to install , and usually people do n’t even notice that you have a motor on your bike .
The disadvantage of a hub motor is that for steep hill climbing , it ca n’t take advantage of the gears on your bike to give it more climbing torque .
In order to deal with steeper hills , you can either get a bigger and higher - powered hub motor , or one that has internal planetary gears that gives it more torque ( torque is a measure of the overall force that the hub motor can deliver ) .
The internally - geared motors have the advantage that they generally have better climbing ability in a much smaller and lighter - weight package .
They also have the advantage that , due to an internal one - way clutch , they provide easy freewheeling when you are pedaling the bike without an assist .
They have the disadvantage that they are usually less efficient than the non-geared hub motors , and they ca n’t do regenerative braking , where you use the bike ’s motion to recharge the batteries a bit .
Common brands of non-geared hub motors include Nine Continent , Crystalyte , Wilderness Energy , BionX , Golden Motor , and E+. Crystalyte is one of the better known brands and has a moderate reputation for reliability .
They make one of the largest and most powerful hub motors available , the Phoenix series ( sometimes named the 5300 series ) .
These have enough power to convert a bike into a motorcycle , but they are very heavy , at over 22 lbs each for just the motor .
In the mid-power range , Nine Continent is up and coming due to their somewhat lighter weight , higher torque , and higher efficiency than some of the other brands .
The BionX is unique in several ways , in that it is very high efficiency , it operates in a full pedelec mode where it senses your pedaling effort and multiplies it , and it has regenerative braking .
The Wilderness Energy and Golden Motor both satisfy the lower - end of the price range , though reliability can be an issue with some of the lower - end brands .
The E+ is a brand new , high - end electric - drive system with the battery hidden in a bike hub itself .
Common brands of internally - geared hub motors are eZee , Brushless Motor Corporation ( BMC ) , 8 Fun ( Shouzhou Bafang ) , and Heinzemann .
The eZee is a very reliable hub motor for moderate - power use , and the 8 Fun is a smaller , lighter motor for light - duty use .
BMC makes a range of motors at different power levels , and they are the only company that makes a high - power , internally geared hub motor .
The BMC motors are nice in their versatility , but the reliability does not yet match that of the eZee .
e Zee hub motor kit incorporated in the front wheel
Drive - train electric assist
A second style of motor is one that interfaces through the drive - train of the bike , either directly through the chain , or through the crank set ( where you pedal ) .
Picture of the StokeMonkey electric pedal assist installed on a Surly Big Dummy
Advantages :
This style of motor i can use your bike ’s gearing , which is a big win for steep hills or heavily loaded cargo bikes .
They are often more efficient at converting electric to mechanical power as well .
Disadvantages : Some of these styles are noisy ( e.g. the Cyclone ) , and others make the rider feel like they are being pedaled .
With a hub motor it is possible to just stop pedaling and let the motor do the work , but with some of the drive - train motors , you must always pedal .
Also , these styles tend to be a bit more difficult to install than the hub motors , especially for those styles that require an interface to the crankset or bottom bracket .
One of the best - known drive - train style systems , designed specifically for electric cargo bikes , is the Stokemonkey .
This motor acts like a “ stoker , ” which is the second rider of a tandem bike .
In fact , it uses a crankset designed for a tandem bicycle .
It is a quiet and high efficiency setup for those with cargo bikes who do n’t mind the idea of always pedaling when in operation .
A second common brand is the Cyclone , which mounts underneath the bottom of the bike ( the bottom bracket ) and interfaces directly to the crankset ( where the pedals are attached ) .
Though I do n’t have personal experience with it , users seem happy with it , with the exception of two issues :
IIt can be noisy , and the installation can be difficult and time consuming .
The third one is the EcoSpeed , designed as a mid-drive system for recumbent bikes .
Other styles
Another style of electric add - on kit is an external motor that is interfaced to the wheel , but not through the drive - train .
The most common example of this is the Currie USPD system , which uses a special interface plate on one side of the wheel to drive the wheel using an external motor .
The biggest advantage to this setup is its low cost .
The disadvantages are noise and potential problems where the motor interfaces with the wheel .
Front or rear
For hub motors , a matter of consideration is whether to use a front or rear hub motor on the bike .
They each have their merits .
A front motor tends to balance the weight on the bike a bit better , and it also gives a kind of all - wheel drive to the bike ( the rear wheel being driven by the pedals ) , which is good in slippery or wet conditions .
The problem with a front wheel hub motor is that it puts extra stress on the bike fork , which is the part of the bike where the front wheel attaches that turns when you turn the handlebars .
In our experience , it is a bad idea to combine a powerful front hub motor with any kind of aluminum suspension fork ( most are aluminum ) , because the fork can break .
I recently heard a story related to this : A guy buys a folding bike with an aluminum suspension fork and puts a large , powerful hub motor on the front of it .
His first fork broke , but , not to be deterred , he convinced the manufacturer to give him another bike under warranty .
He broke that one too , complete with a trip to the hospital .
Not good for anyone .
That said , steel bike forks are much more resilient than aluminum and should be able to handle low to moderate power hub motors .
You can tell whether your fork is steel by holding a magnet up close to it – if the magnet sticks , it is steel ; if not , it is something else .
Rear motors are popular because they avoid this issue altogether , but they come with their own challenges .
Most rear hub motors can only handle 7 to 8 gears , so they wo n’t work directly with 9 - or 10 - speed shifting systems .
They are more difficult to install , because you have to mess around with the drive - train .
And they put all the weight at the back of the bike , which already has most of the rider weight on it .
My own rule of thumb is to recommend a front motor for those who have a steel fork ( or are willing to put one on ) and who do n’t want a super - high power motor , and to go for a rear motor otherwise .
A BMC hub motor freshly installed on an Xtracycle frame attached to a mountain bike .
The install took about 2 hours .
Here is a link with more details on the electric motor installation to an Xtracycle .
Battery types
There is a dizzying array of battery types available , and which one you choose will significantly affect the cost and weight of your electric bike system .
The lighter options are generally higher - cost and the heavier options are lower - cost .
For many years , e- bikes used sealed lead acid ( SLA ) batteries .
A typical 36 - volt set might cost $ 120 - 180 and weigh well over 30 pounds .
The advantage is low cost ; the disadvantage is weight and that it contains lead , which must be recycled properly .
At the mid-range are nickel cadmium ( NiCa ) and nickel metal hydride ( NiMH ) .
For a 36 - volt setup , these may run $ 250 - $ 400 and weigh just over half of what a lead acid pack weighs , or around 15 - 18 pounds .
Nickel cadmium is usually a bit less expensive and a bit heavier than NiMH , and it poses an environmental concern if not recycled properly .
Picture of NiCd battery pack ( top ) and Lithium Iron Phosphate pack ( bottom )
At the high end of the battery range are lithium ion ( Li-ion ) batteries , which , for a 36 - volt system , can range from $ 400 - 700 and weigh as little as 7 - 8 pounds .
The advantage of these is the light weight and small form factor ; the disadvantage is the high cost .
To make things more confusing , there are various kinds of lithium battery technologies , each of which fall under the term “ lithium ion ” but use a variety of different chemistries , in addition to the lithium , that give different properties .
Lithium cobalt oxide ( LiCoO2 ) batteries are super lightweight but also unstable and unsafe for bike use ( think of laptop or cell - phone batteries that catch on fire – those are nearly all LiCoO2 ) .
Lithium manganese ( LiMn ) is considerably safer but also heavier than cobalt oxide batteries , though still substantially lighter than the nickel or lead acid batteries .
This is a good lower - priced option for those wanting the light weight of lithium on an electric bike .
Lithium iron phosphate ( LiFePO4 ) is the latest lithium technology` and is both highly stable ( hence safest ) and long lasting ( if properly cared for , as many as 1500 or more charge / discharge cycles can be achieved ) .
LiFePO4 comes in a variety of formats that range from extremely lightweight prismatic / polymer style cells to heavier duty cylindrical cells meant for larger electric vehicle use .
The main downside of LiFePO4 is its cost – it is the priciest of all battery options .
Battery pack construction is a critical consideration in buying an expensive lithium or nickel battery .
To achieve voltages like 36V , battery packs use a set of individual cells strung together in series , each one contributing a bit of the voltage .
With lead acid batteries , it usually only requires three individual 120 - volt batteries to get a 36V pack .
But for nickel chemistries , a typical 36 - volt pack may use as many as 30 individual cells .
And for lithium chemistries , a 36 - volt pack is composed of 10 - 12 individual cells ( depending on type ) .
For the nickel batteries , and especially for the more finicky lithium types , it is important that the manufacturer of these strings of cells knows what they are doing .
We ’ve seen many inexpensive packs fail because they were n’t assembled properly and used battery - management systems ( the brains that keep all the cells healthy ) that are sub-par .
If you do n’t mind tinkering with electrical stuff , an inexpensive pack can save some money , but may require an investment of time .
For those without interest in that , I strongly recommend spending a bit more money for a well - built pack from a reputable seller .
Battery mounting
Battery mounting is one of the perennial challenges for electric bikes , since batteries can be a bit bulky and , in some cases , heavy .
Having a cargo bike often makes this easier – for example , I carry my LiFePo4 battery in the pocket of my Xtracycle , and it works great .
But for those without a cargo bike , there are several options .
One is to get a rear rack for the bike and carry the battery in a bag or pannier on the rack .
Another is to mount the battery to the frame , using large , heavy duty straps or a bracket of some kind .
A few brands like the BionX provide batteries that mount directly to the frame using the water bottle cage mounts , if the bike has a holder in the appropriate location and of sufficient strength .
This is where pre-built electric bikes really shine – usually the battery is integrated right into the frame design .
BionX battery mounting in the center triangle of the bike .
Regenerative braking
One of the most common questions I hear is , “ Will the battery recharge while I ’m pedaling ? ” A lot of people want to get something for nothing , which is understandable .
But so - called “ regenerative ” modes do n’t give something for nothing .
All they do is take your mechanical energy and turn it into electric energy that gets put back into the battery .
But that conversion process means that you will be slowed down , because mechanical energy is being subtracted .
So if you are recharging the battery while pedaling , it will feel like you have the brakes on .
Most people do n’t want to be slowed down while on the bike , they want to be sped up .
The only practical purposes for “ regen ” on a bike are for coming to a stop or for controlling speed when descending a large hill .
On systems like the BionX that have regenerative braking , typical energy recapture might be 20 % or so , which means that you will get a bit of extra range out of them if you have the feature .
Most of these systems use a sensor that activates " regen " mode whenever the brake lever on the bike is activated by the user .
Cost
For electric bike add - on kits , a complete low - end kit with lead acid batteries can be had for $ 300 or so .
At the high end , sophisticated , lightweight kits like the BionX and E+ go for $ 1,800 or more .
Electric bikes themselves can be had for as little as $ 400 , though at that price range , the components are usually of quite low quality .
The better - quality bikes start around $ 600 and go up from there .
Most of the bikes with lithium batteries and higher - performance motors are well over $ 1,000 .
If you are on a budget , I highly recommend starting with an inexpensive , but good quality , used mountain bike , then adding a good , reputable quality hub motor kit , like the Nine Continent or Crystalyte .
If you value light weight and having a pre-packaged kit , the eZee ( or BMC ) motor kits might fit the bill .
If you like the idea of regenerative braking and a “ bionic ” pedal sensor , then the BionX is worth serious consideration ( but note , the BionX is not great for very steep hill climbing , although it does fine on moderate hills ) .
In the following paragraphs , I get into a few more technical details that the interested reader may want to learn about in choosing an electric bike .
Non-technical readers may wish to skip ahead to the section on utility / cargo bikes .
About voltages
Voltage is one important measure of the electrical system on a bike , and essentially represents the electrical “ force ” that your system can provide .
The most common voltages for electric bikes are 24 volts ( V ) , 36 V , and 48 V .
The industry seems to be converging towards 36 V at the moment , because it provides a good balance of power , speed , and safety .
However , an increasing number of electric - assist systems are using 48V , and some go as high as 72 V .
A typical 36 V bike or kit will travel 16 - 20 mph as a top speed , whereas a typical 48 V system will travel 23 - 27 mph as a top speed .
In contrast , a 72 V system might be as fast as 40 mph ( or more ) , which is n’t really classified as a bicycle , more like a motorcycle .
Some people have set up their batteries for a series / parallel operation , where in series they are in “ turbo ” mode at 72V , and in parallel they are in regular mode at 36 V .
This kind of setup can provide the best of both worlds , acting just like a regular bike most of the time , but occasionally switching into turbo mode for fast traffic or uphills .
That setup can be a bit expensive to achieve , but my shop has done this kind of setup for people who requested it .
In case you wonder about the weird increments on these voltage numbers , these are based on good , old , lead - acid car batteries , which come in 12 volt increments .
Since that became a sort of a standard , most people still use it , even though other battery types are increasingly in use .
For example , many lithium ion batteries that are labeled 36 V are actually closer to 38 - 39 V during regular operation .
About amp hours and range of a bike
Amp hours ( Ah ) are another important measure for an electric bike that relates to the capacity of the battery and the range you will get out of it .
The range of the bike is a function of two things :
How much power you use , and how much power your battery carries .
As a general guideline , if you have a 36 volt , 10 amp hour battery pack , you may get from 15 to 30 miles of range out of it .
If you use the electric assist heavily ( e.g. lots of uphill ) , it might be closer to a 15 - mile range , but if you do a lot of pedaling , you may easily get 30 miles or more .
If you have a longer distance to travel , you can increase the amp hours .
If you get 20 miles of range out of a 10 amp hour ( Ah ) pack , then you should be able to get at least 40 miles of range out of a 20 Ah pack .
The downsides to doing this are cost and extra weight .
Aside from the capacity and your pedaling , another factor is motor efficiency .
This describes how good your particular motor is at converting electrical energy into mechanical motion , and motors vary significantly in their overall efficiency .
It can be somewhat difficult to track down precise efficiency numbers for most motors , though for the geeky types there is a nice hub motor simulator at ebikes .
ca that can give you an idea of the efficiencies for various motor types .
If you talk to a reputable dealer , they should have at least some idea of where the efficiencies of various motors / bikes they carry are .
If they do n’t , shop around for another dealer .
Brushed versus brushless
Another term that you may encounter is “ brushed ” or “ brushless ” motor .
In any electric motor , there are sets of copper windings and sets of magnets .
The electrical current alternates between different sets of windings to activate electromagnetic fields that attract the magnets to make the motor rotate .
In brushed motors , the electric current is alternated between different sets of windings , due to a mechanical contact made by a “ brush ” inside the motor ( the brush is usually a carbon block ) .
In brushless motors , the current is alternated by a separate controller circuit that uses analog or digital control circuitry to alternate between distinct coils ( sometimes called phases ) .
The advantage of brushed motors is that they are less expensive , and they are often quite reliable due to the simplified external motor controller that is used .
However , in a brushed motor , the brushes must be occasionally replaced ( once every few years in typical use ) which requires opening up the motor case .
The advantage of brushless motors is that they are higher efficiency ( meaning longer distance ) and often provide more torque due to the ability to change the timing of the electrical pulses according to riding conditions .
The key to a successful experience with a brushless motor is to get a reliable motor controller .
To further complicate matters , some brushless motors have " Hall sensors " inside .
These detect the position of the magnets in the motor at any given time and are necessary if you want the motor to give power from a dead stop .
However , some brushless motors do n’t use Hall sensors ; instead they begin operation once the motor is up to 3 - 5 miles per hour .
Most folks seem to like having power from a dead stop , and so use motors that incorporate the Hall sensors .
However , doing so can decrease reliability , since either the sensors or the thin sensor wires that go from motor to controller can become damaged , which will render the system inoperable .
So for the utmost in reliability , some people choose the so - called “ pedal first ” controllers that do not use hall sensors .
These only work on non-geared motors ( Nine Continent , Crystalyte , etc ) .
All About Utility and Cargo Bikes
For the rest of this article , I ’ll refer to these interchangeably as utility bicycles .
The utility bicycle is one that is designed not only to move the rider around , but to also move passengers and / or cargo around as well .
I will first cover longtail bikes , and then discuss a few other options .
Longtail bicycles
The Xtracycle was the inspiration for a new movement in cargo / utility bicycles that go by the name of “ longtail bike . ”
The longtail bike is simply a bike with an extended wheelbase to enhance its cargo - and passenger - carrying capacity .
Longtail bikes are typically narrow enough to negotiate trails , sidewalks , or narrow roadways , and they tend to be more efficient than cargo trikes .
They handle almost like a regular bike , except for very tight turns .
In fact , in some instances their climbing ability is enhanced , due to their longer wheelbase .
Rider and child on longtail bike consisting of a steel mountain bike frame that has been extended using an Xtracycle Freeradical kit .
Xtracycle
Xtracycle is still the biggest name in the longtail market , with their flagship product , the Xtracycle Freeradical conversion kit .
This is a conversion kit that converts a regular mountain / hybrid / touring bike into a longtail bike by extending the wheelbase .
It can handle up to 200 lbs of cargo , though you may want to upgrade your rear wheel to a heavier - duty one if you are going to regularly carry that much , as most standard rear wheels are n’t designed for that much weight .
However , for light loads ( < 70 lbs ) you can often get away with just using the standard wheel , after a check for proper spoke tension .
The Xtracycle uses a modular plug - and - play system for accessories , like a “ long loader ” to carry long loads like ladders / kayaks / sailboards , a “ wide loader ” to carry loads like television sets , computers , kegs , sofas , and footsies to carry passengers .
Footsies
Advantages :
This is the least expensive way to get a longtail utility bike , because you can often find a decent older mountain bike for around $ 50 , and then get the conversion kit for $ 489 .
It is a modular system with a growing array of accessories .
It adds only 6 - 10 pounds to the bike ( depending on options ) .
When unloaded , your bike will handle mostly like it did before conversion .
Disadvantages : First , when it is heavily loaded , the rider will often notice some flex , since the bike is essentially two pieces .
The key to minimizing the flex is to make sure loads are carried tightly and as close to the rear wheel as possible .
On some bikes installation is complicated due to unusual designs .
Also , the installation of the kit can change the steering a bit , sometimes making it a bit more sensitive .
The extra weight bothers some people .
The bike may not fit up narrow stairways , in small elevators , or on some bus racks .
Regardless of these disadvantages , after trying one for a while , many people ( myself included ) cannot imagine going back to a regular bike for things like shopping , running kids around , etc .
Kona Ute
Kona is a down - to earth company that has been making great road and mountain bikes for many years .
They were one of the first companies outside of Xtracycle to realize the benefit of the longtail concept , and their rendition is the Kona Ute .
This is a bike built from the ground - up as a longtail cargo hauler for under $ 1,000 .
I have n’t tried one in person , so my perspective on them is limited , but here are some thoughts based on what I ’ve read .
Advantages :
It is made with a lightweight aluminum frame , with room to accommodate two very large panniers and / or a passenger .
It has disc brakes ( unique in this price range for cargo bikes ) and an 8 - speed drive - train with chain guard .
It is lightweight and a good component set for the price .
Disadvantages :
Some people see the aluminum frame as a disadvantage for a cargo bike , because it is quite difficult to repair if broken , and aluminum can tend to fail more quickly than steel .
It also lacks a “ wide loader ” option .
Larger loads can be strapped on top of the platform rack , but the advantage of a wide - loader like on the Yuba or Xtracycle bikes is that large loads are carried down low , for a better center of gravity .
Rans Hammer Truck
Rans is a company that makes airplanes and recumbent bicycles .
They are one of the most recent entries into the longtail market , with their “ crank - forward ” Hammer Truck .
Advantages :
The crank - forward design provides a comfortable riding position that is a bit like a recumbent , but more upright and visible than a standard recumbent .
The Hammer Truck has a modular system akin to the Xtracycle .
Initial user reports are enthusiastic .
The combination of the crank - forward design with cargo hauling is rumored to be quite a good one .
Disadvantages :
The component system does n’t comply with the open - source Xtracycle component standard , so they are not interchangeable .
Riding a crank - forward bike takes some getting used to .
The Hammer Truck is one of the more expensive utility bikes ( but it also has a nice component set . )
Rans Hammer Truck
Surly Big Dummy
This longtail utility bike is made by Surly for use with Xtracycle components , using a one - piece chromoly steel frame that has more stability and torsional rigidity than the typical Xtracycle conversion .
After riding an Xtracycle for several years and carrying many big loads with it , we got a Big Dummy for more stability and handling performance , and we were not disappointed .
It is , in many ways , the ultimate Xtraycle utility bike platform .
Surly Big Dummy with Xtracycle kit and eZee electric hub motor .
This bike also has a continuous variable Nuvinci hub .
Advantages :
It accepts all of the Xtracycle accessories out of the box , so has most of the same advantages as the Xtracycle , in terms of the variety of loads it can carry .
It handles incredibly well , is highly stable , and has just enough flex to give a bit of a “ suspension ” feel .
Even when judged as a “ regular ” bike , it handles and performs quite well .
Disadvantages :
The Big Dummy is not cheap – the frame alone is just over $ 1000 , and depending on what components you use to have it built into a complete bike , can be over $ 2,000 complete .
Most of the people I know who ride a Big Dummy use it as a car replacement to justify the cost .
It is only rated for 200 lb cargo / passenger loads , whereas some of the other utility bikes like the Yuba and the Madsen are rated for considerably more weight .
Xtracycle Radish
After years of making only the Xtracycle add - on kits and accessories , the company decided it was time to come out with a complete bike of their own , based on the longtail , Xtracycle - compatible concept .
The result is a relaxed , California - cruiser - style ride called the Radish .
It actually comes as a two - piece frame that uses an Xtracycle extension , with the difference that the frame is specifically designed for the Xtracycle with the proper geometry to make it handle well .
As with all of the Xtracycle equipped bikes , it is designed for up to 200 lbs of cargo on the back , in addition to the rider .
The Radish is a one - size - fits - all bike , though we 've found it works best for folks under 6 ’ tall .
The complete bike retails around $ 1200 , and comes as a 7 - speed setup , with chain guard and cruiser - style handlebars .
Advantages :
It rides well , it is highly stable , and novice riders particularly like it .
It uses all the same accessories that the Xtracycle extension does .
It is has the conveniences like chain guard and cruiser bars built - in .
It is a good value at the price .
Disadvantages :
It is a one size fits all frame , which I find is best for folks under 6 ’ tall .
Not everyone likes the relaxed cruiser - style riding position .
It has a limited gear range , which could be an issue carrying cargo in hilly places .
Xtracycle Radish , with kid-carrying setup including “ stoker ” bars and “ magic carpet ” seat pad .
Yuba Mundo
Ben Sazarrin was involved in the Xtracycle project early on , but wanted to take the longtail concept in a different direction by providing a more inexpensive and heavy - duty longtail bike that would satisfy the needs of developing and developed countries alike .
The result of his efforts is the Yuba Mundo , a longtail bike made of a solid steel frame with super - beefy rear wheel , capable of carrying up to 400 lbs of cargo .
The complete bike retails for $ 899 and comes standard with a 6 - speed system , comfort / cruiser style handlebars , and a fairly relaxed riding position .
Advantages :
The price is right .
The Yuba comes with wide - loader platforms built in , so big loads can be carried with a low center of gravity .
It can haul huge cargo weight .
The Yuba is made of weldable steel .
There is a huge pannier available for it .
This is a one - size - fits - all bike , and it seems best set up to accommodate people 5 ’ 5 - 6 ’3 or so .
The Yuba rides the most like a regular bike when unloaded .
It is the most solid and well - handling of the longtail bikes we ’ve tried when heavily loaded .
Disadvantages :
The Yuba does n’t work with the plug - and - play Xtracycle system .
The 2008 models are limited to six speeds , though there is now a retrofit kit to convert to 18 speeds ( and the 2009 model has 18 speeds ) .
It weighs a lot – the 2008 models weighed around 70 lbs unloaded .
The 2009 models promise to be a bit lighter .
The components are only mid-grade .
Erika riding the Mundo ( top ) .
Dave carrying his Roto - tiller on the wide loader of the Yuba Mundo ( bottom ) .
Madsen Bucket bike
The Madsen is a very interesting new take on the longtail bike .
Rather than providing panniers for carrying loads , the Madsen sports a bucket – a bathtub sized one that can accommodate up to four children ( or two adults ) sitting seat - belted on bench seats .
Like the Yuba , the Madsen is a steel - framed bike designed for heavy duty hauling of loads up to around 400 lbs .
Aside from its astounding kid-hauling capability , the Madsen can carry items that do n’t work well in panniers – e.g. , a load of wood chips or soil for the garden .
We have even filled up the bucket with water and used it as a small , portable bath for the kids .
We ’ve also seen people fill up the bucket with ice and use it as a deluxe party drink distribution vehicle .
Our family regularly uses a Madsen ( with electric assist ) for kid hauling .
The standard Madsen with cargo bucket retails for about $ 1200 .
Advantages : Carry up to four kids at once on bench seats with seatbelts , a feat no other longtail can accomplish .
Carry loose items ( or use it as a traveling bathtub ) .
Loading up groceries into the Madsen bucket is a bit easier than loading them into something like the Xtracycle pannier .
The price is reasonable .
It has a great , wide - stance kickstand that can keep the bike upright even as kids climb in .
People immediately recognize the concept of “ utility bike ” when they see a Madsen , whereas with the other longtails , many people ask questions like “ what is that ” ?
Disadvantages :
The bike handles pretty well , though when loaded with flailing kids it does take some riding experience and strength to manage .
It has the most road noise of all the bikes , due to the sound - amplifying bucket , metal chain guard , and fenders .
It handles the least like a regular bike of the longtails we ’ve tried , though it is not “ bad ” handling per se – it just feels like you ’re riding a bike with a bucket .
The built - in seat is quite hard and not comfortable for many people .
Some of the componentry is not all that high - end .
Carrying three kids in the Madsen longtail utility bike with bucket option .
This bike also has an eZee electric hub motor kit .
Other types of utility bikes
While longtails have some great features as utility bikes , there are a variety of other bike types that address the utility cycling crowd .
A few are mentioned below .
Bakfietsen
Bakfiets were invented in the Netherlands , where everyday biking is a way of life .
The term Bakfiets literally means “ box bike , ” integrating a wooden bucket with bench seats into the front of the bike or trike ( 3 - wheeler ) .
The Bakfiets have some similarities to the US - designed bikes , like the Madsen and Xtracycle , in that their goal is to transport kids and cargo in comfort and style .
There is a comparison of the Bakfiets and Xtracycle - style bikes on the Austin Bike Blog .
Another type of Bakfiets and trikes are the “ work cycles . ”
Advantages : Built solidly for every day riding .
There are accessories such as a rain cover to keep kids warm and dry during rainy weather .
They have chain and skirt guards to keep regular clothes clean when riding .
The Bakfiets are a fashionable , European way to transport kids and cargo .
Disadvantages :
On the heavy side , expensive , not ideal for narrow roads or hilly areas .
Long Johns
These are utility bikes that have an elongated front end , rather than an elongated tail .
They are quite similar to the bakfiets in many regards , except that many lack the built - in “ box ” of the Bakfiets .
There are actually several North American makers of these bikes , including Bilenky , CETMA , HPM , and Metrofiets ( the latter two have an optional box like a Bakfietsen ) .
Advantages : Versatile , large load carrying .
Stylish .
Available from North American framemakers .
Sturdy .
Bench seat for kids ( with box ) .
Great as delivery vehicles .
Disadvantages : Steering a long - john - style bike can take a bit of getting used to .
Most of these are on the pricier end of the utility - bike scale .
Trikes
As mentioned in Part I of this series , there are a lot of trikes ( three - wheeled bikes ) in use every day in China for transporting people and stuff .
There are several manufacturers and importers of trikes in the US , including Industrial Bicycles , Sun , etc .
Trikes may be a good option for someone looking for short - distance cargo hauling in place where there are wide road shoulders or sidewalks .
There are also recumbent trikes , which give a more comfortable seating position with a lower center of gravity , and trices , which are three - wheeled bikes with two wheels in front and one in back .
However , I ’m not aware of any recumbent trikes or trices with substantial cargo - carrying ability .
Advantages : Upright trikes have great cargo - carrying capacity and an upright , stable riding position for those who ca n’t or do n’t want to balance a two - wheeled bike .
They are inexpensive .
Disadvantages : Typical trikes come with only one to three gears , and so are n’t ideal for hilly areas .
They also have a wider stance than longtail bikes , and so are n’t good for narrow roads .
They can tip over suddenly when cornering at speeds .
Most of them are heavy .
Other noteworthies
There are a few other noteworthy utility bike efforts .
One is the Rwanda Coffee Bike , a longtail designed by Tom Ritchey , who donates the proceeds from this project to help provide longtail bikes for African farmers to bring their coffee to market .
Another is a concept longtail bike called the El Ranchero , designed by heavyweight Gary Fisher ( whose brand is now owned by Trek bicycles ) .
We do n’t have further information about whether or when it will be put into production , but prototypes were being shown around in late 2008 .
There are also many custom framebuilders who ’ve joined the longtail bike revolution .
Trailers
Another classical solution for cargo / utility purposes is to hitch a trailer up to your bike .
This is a fairly popular solution , and there are many types of trailers available from companies like Burley , Bob , and HPM ( to name just a few ) .
They have various means of bike attachment , and they come in sizes from small to very large .
We know of one local fellow who regularly carries furniture on his bike trailer .
Advantages : Some can carry huge loads .
You can use it when you need it , but avoid the extra weight when you do n’t .
Okay for small kid hauling .
Versatile .
Disadvantages :
Often you do n’t have the trailer with you when you need it , ( e.g. , for unplanned shopping trips on the way home from work ) .
A trailer makes your vehicle much longer .
It can flip over and adversely affect handling .
They do n’t travel very well unloaded .
Overall recommendations
Now that I have presented a dizzying array of options and features , what do I recommend ?
Since the ideal setup depends on your situation , it is impossible to recommend only one product .
My first and foremost suggestion is to find a reputable seller who can identify the right solution for your needs .
For those looking for a low - cost cargo - hauling electric setup , I recommend starting with a good , steel - framed mountain bike , then adding an Xtracycle and a motor kit like the Nine Continent or Crystalyte .
You can start with sealed lead acid batteries and mount them in the free space in front of the Xtracycle platform .
Total cost would be around $ 1,100 - 1,200 .
Then , when budget allows it , you can upgrade to a better battery system using a lithium or nickel battery .
This is the type of combination we first used to get into electric cargo biking ourselves .
A similar option for someone who does n’t already have a bike would be to add something like the NineContinent kit to a Yuba Mundo , for a total of around $ 1400 .
Our first generation electric utility bikes .
On the right , a ’ 93 Specialized Stump Jumper with an Xtracycle extension , and a modified Currie USPD electric kit .
Initially it used 24 volt lead acid batteries , then was upgraded to NiMh and finally LiFePO4 batteries .
Our first electric utility bikes .
On the right , a ’ 93 Specialized Stump Jumper with an Xtracycle extension , and a modified Currie USPD electric kit .
Initially it used 24 volt lead acid batteries , then was upgraded to NiMh and finally LiFePO4 batteries .
Another option for those with kids to haul would be the Madsen cargo bike with an eZee electric assist kit .
When the Madsen is loaded up with kids , it can be quite challenging to pull uphill .
The eZee is an internally - geared hub motor with a fair bit of torque for hill climbing , and the kit comes with a lithium manganese battery to keep the weight down .
We have a Madsen / eZee combination that we use frequently for kid-hauling , and it works well .
Questions to Ask Yourself
This list is n’t meant to be comprehensive , but here are a few key starting points in making a decision .
1 . What is your budget ?
Can you afford to buy everything you need all at once , or do you need to take it one step at a time ?
If one step at a time , what are your priorities ?
2 . How hilly it is in your area ?
If hilly , then an electric assist can be particularly helpful .
3 . What kind of roads you will travel on ?
If you are in town and have bike paths , then some of the wider - profile bikes like Bakiets may work well .
If you regularly travel country roads or narrow paths , a longtail bike might be better .
4 . Do you need a utility bike ?
Regular electric bikes can carry some stuff in panniers or on a backpack .
They ’re not so good for full shopping trips or kid-carrying , but can be a great starting point to get into utility biking .
5 . Will you carry kids or passengers ?
If so , how many ?
The Madsen and Bakfiets are the best options for carrying multiple kids .
6 . Will you go off - road / touring with it ?
Then an Xtracycle or Big Dummy is a great option .
7 . Will you be riding in wet or snowy weather ?
Then disc brakes are a great option to have .
Going car - free can be fun and rewarding , both mentally and physically .
Regardless of which biking option you choose , the journey is worth enjoying .
Good luck !
PLEASE NOTE : I have started " The Definitive Bicycle Thread ( Part II ) " in the Forums for ongoing discussion on this topic .
Comments related to this article should be posted there .
About the Author
Dr. Morgan Giddings is a former recreational cyclist who turned into a utilitarian cyclist after learning about Peak Oil .
After unsuccessfully attempting to work with local bike shops to obtain an electric cargo bicycle , she became frustrated at the difficulty involved in ordering all the bits and pieces needed and making sure that they would work together .
So in the midst of a busy career as a professor and parent , she co-founded Cycle 9 , a bike shop focused on putting together practical solutions , including cargo bikes and electric bikes , that help people ride their bike more and use cars less .
( CNN ) --
The four people killed in a helicopter crash on a highway in Maryland on Thursday night were returning from a youth event and had delayed takeoff because of weather , a National Transportation Safety Board member said .
Kitty Higgins said at a news conference that the four were returning to Frederick , Maryland , from an event for the Advanced Helicopter Youth Foundation in Hagerstown , Maryland .
The foundation says on its
Web site that it aims to " heal families with an at - risk child before a crisis is reached in the home . "
The helicopter crashed about 10:30 p.m. Thursday on Interstate 70 , prompting authorities to close the highway for several hours .
Do n't Miss WBAL -TV : Local coverage of helicopter crash
Higgins said the pilot , who had about 630 hours of flight experience , waited about two hours to take off from Hagerstown because of weather conditions .
She did not provide further details on the weather .
The helicopter took off about 10:15 p.m. , she said .
There were three passengers on the flight , Higgins said : two employees of Advanced Helicopter Concepts and a friend of theirs .
Witnesses said the helicopter was flying low over the highway before it hit power lines , and then they saw sparks , Higgins said .
She said the craft burst into flames after it crashed .
While in Hagerstown , the pilot had given several flights to raise money for the Advanced Helicopter Youth Foundation , Higgins said .
All About Maryland
Recently , I have been noticing an interesting relationship between what is necessary for physical fitness and for financial fitness .
This is not to say that everyone who is physically fit is also financially fit , but those who have overcome weight struggles have the proven skills necessary to manage their finances .
Also , those who manage their finances well have the qualities necessary for physical fitness .
Do you struggle with both fitness and finances ?
Here is the good news – you only need to learn one set of skills that will apply to both disciplines .
Here are the qualities necessary for both physical fitness and financial fitness
1. Motivation
I have a friend who will be on an upcoming season of The Biggest Loser .
He wrote on his Facebook wall , “ the mental part of this is the hardest and your words are helping so much . ”
The mental part ?
I thought weight loss was about diet and exercise .
But , there is a mental battle necessary to motivate yourself into action .
Most people who are overweight know they should lose weight .
Most people in financial debt know they should get out of debt .
The problem often is the motivation is missing .
Something will eventually spark that passion .
The motivation might come in response to some external factor like a warning message from a doctor or a letter from a debt collector .
The motivation might also come from an internal factor where you finally get sick and tired of wishing and you are finally ready to act .
If you want to get out of debt or to improve your financial situation , you will need motivation .
If you want to lose weight or to get in better physical shape , you will need motivation .
Free yourself , like a gazelle from the hand of the hunter , like a bird from the snare of the fowler .
( Proverbs 6:5 NIV )
2. Self - discipline
Self discipline is the ability to do what you know is right .
A person who is financially fit will avoid expenditures that will damage their overall financial situation .
They have an overall sense of their financial direction and they stop spending in areas they know are a burden on their budget .
They forgo wasteful activities and purchases by avoiding them completely or by finding frugal alternatives that fit within their income .
A person who is physically fit will avoid foods that damage their fitness plan .
They have a sense of what eating habits are destructive to their fitness plan .
This might be the time during a day when you eat more than you should , or it might be the type of food that contains little nutritious value .
Those who are self - disciplined have identified those problem areas and avoid them completely or establish a plan for consuming appropriate proportions .
If you want to get out of debt or to improve your financial situation you will need self - discipline .
If you want to lose weight or to get in better physical shape you will need self - discipline .
You are all sons of the light and sons of the day .
We do not belong to the night or to the darkness .
So then , let us not be like others , who are asleep , but let us be alert and self - controlled .
( 1 Thessalonians 5:5-6 NIV )
3 . The Ability to Say ‘ No ’
We are full of cravings .
Those cravings could be for physical “ stuff ” .
Those cravings could be for food .
A person who is fit in both senses has to learn how to say ‘ no ’ to those cravings .
One who lacks the ability to say ‘ no ’ purchases whatever they want – regardless of the financial cost .
One who lacks the ability say ‘ no ’ eats whatever they want – regardless of the nutritional value .
For everything in the world — the cravings of sinful man , the lust of his eyes and the boasting of what he has and does — comes not from the Father but from the world .
( 1 John 2:16 NIV )
4 . The Ability to Prioritize
Related to the ability to say ‘ no ’ is the ability to say ‘ yes ’ .
This is commonly called prioritizing .
People who experience financial peace have determined what spending takes priority .
This way they do not spend money they do not have .
Their lives are not just about sacrifice , but they are defined by the ability to yes to the right spending choices ( typically as determined by a budget or spending plan ) .
People who are physically fit also have the ability to say ‘ yes ’ to the right activities .
They prioritize in both their eating and exercising .
This priority may be seen in passing over a certain food in order to eat something else at a later point .
Rather than sleeping in , they place a priority on exercise .
But seek first his kingdom and his righteousness , and all these things will be given to you as well .
( Matthew 6:33 NIV )
5. Allocate Time and Energy
People often get into trouble when they start believing a problem can be solved without any effort or sacrifice .
Those looking to get rich quick often find themselves defrauded .
Those wanting to lose weight without diet or exercise find that they have spent a lot of money on different programs that simply do not work .
The truth is that both financial and physical fitness require time and energy .
Financially , you will need to spend time budgeting , reading , calling , and filling out paper work .
Physically , you will need to spend time exercising and learning about fitness .
If you are not willing to dedicate any time or energy to physical fitness , your plan will fail .
If you are not willing to dedicate any time or energy to financial fitness , your plan will fail .
If a man is lazy , the rafters sag ; if his hands are idle , the house leaks .
( Ecclesiastes 10:18 NIV )
Why not apply these principles to help improve your physical fitness , financial fitness , or both ?
In what other ways are physical fitness and financial fitness similar ?
How do you motivate yourself ?
Twitter users who follow Nine Inch Nails front man Trent Reznor might have noticed a nice bonus to being part of the Tweet generation Wednesday .
The Industrial rock icon is passing out tickets and backstage passes to NIN fans who follow his Twitter feed .
Reznor announced the giveaway Wednesday morning over Twitter , then tweeted a link just before noon .
Users who clicked through were taken to the band ’s NIN|JA tour page , where a short form was open for a brief window of time .
The first five fans who completed the form took away the NIN|JA ticket haul .
Twitter users tremor76 , freezya , shockwavesmedia , ungeheier and chadrullman each received two free tickets and backstage passes to any show featuring NIN and their touring acts , Jane ’s Addiction and Street Sweeper Social Club , during their upcoming tour .
The tour kicks off May 8 in West Palm Beach , FL and ends June 12 in Charlotte , NC .
A repeat of the contest was announced for Thursday , so any NIN fans who are Twitter - savvy had best get on board and keep an eye out if they want to take advantage .
The only requirement is for entrants to provide an ID number , presumably to identify them once they receive their ticket ( though this is a guess based on how they handle presale tickets … ) .
Visit Reznor ’s Twitter page here , and the NIN|JA tour page here .
PHILADELPHIA -- Matt Holliday wanted to join his new team quickly , so he hopped on a train with his wife and two sons and got to the ballpark in plenty of time .
Holliday was traded to the St. Louis Cardinals from the Oakland Athletics on Friday for a package of prospects .
The three - time All - Star outfielder gives the Cardinals a big bat for their pennant drive and provides protection in the lineup for slugger Albert Pujols .
Holliday was in New York for Oakland 's series against the Yankees when he learned about the deal .
To avoid getting stuck in traffic , he chose public transportation over a car ride down congested I -95 .
" Getting from New York to Philly on a Friday afternoon can be tough , " Holliday said .
" I 'm extremely excited to be back in the National League , to be back in a pennant race .
This is a great team , a great organization . "
Holliday made it to Citizens Bank Park early enough for manager Tony La Russa to pencil him into the lineup in left field and bat him cleanup behind Pujols for Friday night 's game against the World Series champion Philadelphia Phillies .
He made an immediate impact , going 4 for 5 in an 8 - 1 win over the Phillies .
" It 's a heck of a move for our club , " La Russa said .
" There are guys who are going to lose at - bats , but they 're excited because he improves our club .
We 'll be tough to pitch to . "
Holliday 's presence will make opponents think twice about pitching around Pujols , who has been intentionally walked 34 times .
" You look at the lineup card and it 's exciting , " said outfielder Ryan Ludwick , who moves down to the No. 5 spot from cleanup .
" You take a hitter like him and it 's instant offense . "
The NL Central - leading Cardinals had a 1 ½ - game lead over the Chicago Cubs and Houston entering Friday 's games .
They already added utilityman Mark DeRosa from the Cleveland Indians late last month and then shortstop Julio Lugo in a Wednesday swap with the Boston Red Sox .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Russia and the US and Russia could cut their nuclear arsenals in a deal between their two leaders .
President Obama will arrive in Moscow on Monday for a meeting with his Russian counterpart .
Rupert Wingfield - Hayes reports from rural Russia , at the site of former secret Cold War bases .
Click on each Drum to Play it or Use your Keyboard .
- Click on Key Preferences to see Keys
No one seems to know how old Mohammed Jawad was when he was seized by Afghan forces in Kabul six and a half years ago and turned over to American custody .
Some reports say he was 14 .
Some say 16 .
The Afghan government believes he was 12 .
What is not in dispute is that he was no older than an adolescent , and that since his capture he has been tortured and otherwise put through hell .
The evidence against him has been discredited .
He has tried to commit suicide .
But the U.S. wo n’t let him go .
The treatment of the young captive was so egregious that the decorated U.S. Army officer assigned to prosecute him  a man gung - ho to secure a conviction against a defendant he believed had committed a serious crime against the American military  ended up removing himself from the case and declaring that he could no longer “ in good conscience ” participate in the military commissions set up to try accused terrorists .
Jawad was accused of hurling a hand grenade into a vehicle occupied by two American soldiers and their Afghan interpreter in December 2002 .
All three occupants of the vehicle were seriously injured .
Update : the FSF is assembling a petition for launch later this week that will make a strong statement against remote deletion and DRM .
If you or your organization would like to co-sign , please contact Holmes Wilson at holmes@fsf.org
BOSTON , Massachusetts , USA -- Thursday , July 23 , 2009 -- The Free Software Foundation ( FSF ) welcomed the apology issued today by Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos , as negative reviews from DefectiveByDesign.org campaign supporters criticizing the Kindle 's use of proprietary software and Digital Restrictions Management ( DRM ) to remotely delete ebooks continued to pour in .
( Concerned Amazon customers can register their 1 star reviews of the Kindle here , requesting Jeff Bezos drop DRM and release the Kindle as a free software device .
Over 650 1 star reviews have already been added . )
In a post to the Kindle Community forum on Amazon 's Web site , Bezos said :
This is an apology for the way we previously handled illegally sold copies of 1984 and other novels on Kindle .
Our " solution " to the problem was stupid , thoughtless , and painfully out of line with our principles .
It is wholly self - inflicted , and we deserve the criticism we 've received .
We will use the scar tissue from this painful mistake to help make better decisions going forward , ones that match our mission .
With deep apology to our customers ,
Jeff Bezos
Founder & CEO
Amazon.com
The FSF and Defective By Design , which on Monday called on activists to post reviews calling attention to the Kindle Swindle 's arbitrary deletion of George Orwell ebooks from hundreds of users ' devices , welcomed Bezos 's apology , but said more must be done to remedy the problems exposed by Amazon 's actions .
FSF 's executive director Peter Brown explained , " Unfortunately this matter requires more than just changing internal policy .
The real issue here is Amazon 's use of DRM and proprietary software .
They have unacceptable power over users , and actual respect necessitates more than an apology -- it requires abandoning DRM and releasing the Kindle 's software as free software . "
The deletion of the Orwell ebooks was Amazon 's third blatant demonstration of the control its software provides over users .
In June , Amazon remotely deleted copies of Ayn Rand books , and prior to that , they disabled Text - to - Speech functionality for select titles -- a move which was a slap in the face to all users and particularly to the visually impaired community .
FSF operations manager John Sullivan added , " Amazon has been a positive example for Defective By Design to point to in the world of DRM - free music .
We hope that this controversy will show Amazon that they need to take the same enlightened approach when it comes to ebooks , so Kindle users can be confident that they wo n't be Swindled again . "
About the Free Software Foundation
The Free Software Foundation , founded in 1985 , is dedicated to promoting computer users ' right to use , study , copy , modify , and redistribute computer programs .
The FSF promotes the development and use of free ( as in freedom ) software -- particularly the GNU operating system and its GNU / Linux variants -- and free documentation for free software .
The FSF also helps to spread awareness of the ethical and political issues of freedom in the use of software , and its Web sites , located at fsf.org and gnu.org , are an important source of information about GNU / Linux .
Donations to support the FSF 's work can be made at http://donate.fsf.org.
Its headquarters are in Boston , MA , USA .
Media Contacts
Holmes Wilson
Campaigns Manager
Free Software Foundation
+1 ( 617 ) 542 5942
campaigns@fsf.org
Peter Brown
Executive Director
Free Software Foundation
+1 ( 617 ) 319 5832
###
Every year the damage wrought by aquatic invaders in the United States and the cost of controlling them is estimated at $ 9 billion , according to a 2003 study by a Cornell University professor , David Pimentel , whose research is considered the most comprehensive .
The bill for controlling two closely - related invasive mussels  the zebra and the quagga  in the Great Lakes alone is $ 30 million annually , says the United States Federal Aquatic Nuisance Species Task Force .
Many scientists say that San Francisco Bay has more than 250 nonnative species , like European green crab , Asian zooplankton and other creatures and plants that outcompete native species for food , space and sunlight .
“ Here you ’ve got a veritable smorgasbord of habitats from shallow and muddy to deep water , ” said Lars Anderson , a lead scientist with the United States Agriculture Department .
The Oakland port ranks as the fourth busiest in the nation , and ships bring in tiny hitchhikers from across the globe to take up residence in the bay .
Most invasive aquatic species arrive stuck to hulls or as stowaways in ballast water .
Wakame first arrived at the ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach in 2000 , Dr. Zabin and other scientists said .
A year later it had moved south into Baja California and north as far as Monterey Bay , where scientists in scuba suits yanked it off boat hulls and marina moorings .
Image
The broad - leaf kelp is used in miso soup .
Credit ... Heidi Schumann for The New York Times
“ It ’s just like gardening , you can pull out all the weeds you want , but there will always be that little dandelion seed that will sprout and recolonize , ” said Steve Lonhart , senior scientist at the Monterey Bay National Marine Sanctuary .
The kelp , which can grow an inch a day , could spread as far north as Canada before the water becomes too cold to sustain it , Dr. Lonhart said .
by
As online project manager you should be using virtual meetings .
The first reason is that it ’s online and lets you manage the project , so it ’s kind of exactly your job .
The second is that it saves enormous amounts of time .
The third and biggest reason begins with “ r ” , has nine letters , and rhymes with “ Every economy in the world having a panic attack at the exact same moment - ession ” .
Since virtual meetings save money and time , and with the right tools , you can save even more .
1. TimeBridge – Getting the Meeting Together
The messiest and most mind - numbing part of any meeting happens before you even get there .
Trying to organize an online meeting is a terrifying education in just how awkward and uncooperative a team of professionals can be while still getting paid .
Part of the problem is psychological – tell the team to be in Conference Room A by 2 pm and they ’ll likely show up .
With virtual employees scattered all over the globe , though , that room would have to be the size of America .
Going online , some staff see cyber - meetings the same as e-mail – something to be shuffled to whenever they feel like doing it .
A web project manager is not a secretary , and if you just laughed “ Sometimes it feels like it ! ” then you are doing your job wrong .
Your time is too valuable to waste chasing appointments and staring at schedules – live up to your job description and let the web do it for you .
TimeBridge is an online application which sends out a mass mail to the attendees , collects possible times , then organizes the best window available .
It ’s automatic , it ’s impartial , and it ’s the perfect example of proper online task tools – you tell it to do something , and it comes back done .
2. Qtask – Getting Things Done
Once TimeBridge tells you when to meet , it ’s time for some project management ; use your Qtask Calendar to remember where and when you all have to get together .
A single e-mail is n’t enough to ensure attendance , as even the most important meeting invite is invisible in a thousand - message - plus inbox .
Uploading meeting information to Qtask means that everyone can always find out when it is and what it ’s about , whether they ’re checking at their desk or using mobile management systems to keep track .
What ’s more , Qtask automatically manages time zones so you do n’t have designer in London logging into the meeting at 2 AM .
The convenient Qtask “ Discussion ” tab means that all the organizing is kept together in an easily searchable central location .
No more digging through files and folders while others wait with idle connections , everything you need to know is in one always - accessible place .
You could have the best virtual meeting in the world , and if everyone alt - tabs out to FaceBook and sets “ Thank god that ’s over ” statuses it was all for nothing .
A productive online meeting sets strict time lines , tasks and who is responsible for completion , and those should be available online too .
With Qtask there are no more “ I did n’t get the e-mail ! ” excuses for urgent work – you can keep people accountable through this robust project management solution .
After the fact everyone can see what ’s expected of them , and when .
3. Skype Conference Call – Holding the Meeting
If you ’re in online business at all you should already be Skypeing : a free telephone service between computers , and you can call almost any land line at local rates .
We could explain how much money this saves , but we just wrote the word “ free ” back there and do n’t want to insult your intelligence .
A few tips for Skype conference calls :
a) Stick to audio connections .
Skype can handle video , but it does n’t gain anything , we guarantee that people will waste time fiddling and testing it , somebody wo n’t have a camera anyway , and it will actually delay all your meetings .
How ?
We do n’t want to ruin the mystique of your elite global team of cyber - employees , but for some people coding the back - end of an SQL database is easy ; shaving and wearing clothes is hard .
They ’ll connect to audio anytime , but try to get a video link and they ’ll delay you by at least an hour .
b ) Advise online employees to have a separate Skype account for business , or at least set a “ Do not call ” status message .
The Saturday project report can take long enough to process without interruptions from fake_grrl15 halfway through .
( is it fake_girl15 ?
4. DabbleBoard – Visually Collaborating During the Meeting
If the average person could truly and clearly express what they think in a few sentences , the only online managers would be those editing “ Poetry of the Year : Volume XVIII ” .
A picture is worth a thousand words , and since those words are being paid for at wages per hour times the number of people at meeting , you want those pictures as fast and free as possible .
DabbleBoard is an easy online whiteboard which lets you scribble to your hearts content without ever even hearing the word “ JPG ” .
It even recognizes basic shapes and cleans up the image , so your clever re-org proposal wo n’t be undermined by looking like a 5 - year old got at the whiskey and crayons .
Protip :
If using DabbleBoard , recommend that the attendees test the site before electronically arriving at the meeting .
Many online employees customize their browsers , and web services like FlashBlock or AdBlock may interfere with the program .
It only takes a minute to fix – but that minute right in the middle of a ten person meeting is approximately infinity hours long .
5. Your Thoughts
Because online meeting task tools can save you all the gas , tickets , phone bills and catering fees you want ; the best way to save money is still to get things done on time .
What are your best tips for holding effective meetings on a budget .
No game has been more influential in recent history than Wii Sports .
But Nintendo gave it away for free .
That ’s how it got consumers to pony up $ 249 for its
Wii console with the newfangled remote - like Wii controller .
It was perhaps one of the smartest ways to launch a new product , ever .
Nintendo sold more than 50 million consoles since the fall of 2006 , dethroning Sony from the No. 1 console spot in the process .
More than that , Nintendo broadened the market to include people who were once intimidated by video games .
In my own house , I saw a three - year - old go up against a 73 - year - old grandmother in Wii Sports .
Now the sequel to Wii Sports has arrived : Wii Sports Resort .
And it comes with its very own accessory , the Wii MotionPlus attachment that makes the Wii-Mote more accurate .
It ’s been almost three years coming , but gamers should be happy that Nintendo ’s chief game designer , Shigeru Miyamoto , took his time with this project .
It ’s just in time .
Video games desperately need a summer blockbuster .
Console - related sales have fallen four months in a row .
The recession has bitten , and game companies are starting anew with layoffs .
Never mind , though , because Wii Sports Resort is just the sort of game to take your mind off any troubles .
From the very beginning , Wii Sports Resort has more of an adventure feeling to it .
You jump out of an airplane and twist the controller to level out your position as you skydive to a tropical resort island .
From above , you can see that this place , WuHu Island , seems to have a lot of charm and personality , like something out of a Mario game , and you are n’t disappointed when you ’re on the ground .
You can engage in 12 different mini-games , each a sport unto itself .
As with Wii Sports , you can choose your own avatar , or Wii character known as a Mii , and insert it into the game .
Some of the mini - games are very clever .
With the archery game , you plug the Nunchuk attachment into the Wii-Mote with the Wii MotionPlus .
You hold the Wii-Mote steady as if you were holding a bow , then you pull back on the Nunchuk .
It sounds like you ’re pulling back on a real bow and your field of vision narrows to just the target area .
You release your arrow when you let go of a button on the Nunchuk .
It has a very realistic and satisfying feel as the arrow sails into the target .
Each shot gets harder and harder , as you pull further away from the target and have to compensate for wind .
The Wii MotionPlus has built - in gyroscope chips that make it better at detecting action like the flick of a wrist for a frisbee throw or the sideways slice in a sword fight .
It ’s a big improvement over the accuracy of the Wii-Mote .
But there is still room for improvement .
In the Wii Sports Resort sword - fighting match , it was often hard to tell if the Wii knew that I was slicing forward with my hand , or sideways .
The improved accuracy is limited on that front , even though you have to recalibrate the remote before each round in a sword - fighting match .
Of course , when I played with my little ones , none of that mattered .
Nintendo has surrounded the game with cuteness .
When you duel with swords , the loser falls head over heels into the surrounding water .
My kids guffawed each time someone else knocked a character into the water .
My kiddies are also fond of canoeing , a new sport where you use the Wii-Mote as if it ’s a paddle .
As you race friends , you have to skillfully paddle on both sides of your canoe or else you ’ll start veering off in the wrong direction .
The gyroscopes let you play games you could n’t do before , like wakeboarding , where you control your Wii-Mote as if you ’re hanging onto a bar attached to a rope as you trail behind a speedboat .
Frisbee is fun since you can make a dog fetch and catch the Frisbee as you toss it sideways .
In bowling , golf and ping pong , you can put spin on the ball now .
I think the game hits its finest with the airplane game , where you fly a plane over the island , twisting your wrist left or right to make the plane turn or do rolls .
It ’s remarkably easy to fly , even though you do n’t have a traditional joystick in your hand .
You can fly over sights such as the volcano or the bridge and get little rewards as you fly through markers .
The rewards reveal more about the island , which is like a character unto itself in the game .
The island is what gives connection to the 12 mini-games .
It ’s akin to a meta game itself as you try to accumulate the experience to fully explore the tropical paradise .
As Microsoft gets ready to introduce Project Natal — a new way to control games through body gestures in an add - on for the Xbox 360 coming in 2010 — it would do well to remember how to engage gamers in both mini-games and meta - games as Nintendo does so well with Wii Sports Resort .
Strategically , Wii Sports Resort will accomplish the task that Nintendo needed it to : put a more accurate version of the Wii controller into the hands of a lot of people .
Game publishers can count on making games for the Wii MotionPlus and still get a large audience .
That ’s because Wii Sports Resort is a great game and should be a hot seller .
Let ’s hope that it gives a nice shot in the arm to sales of video games this month and begins the much - hoped - for turnaround in the recession - pounded video game market .
The game went on sale Sunday for $ 49.99 in stores across the country .
It is rated E for Everyone .
Why is propaganda so much more successful when it stirs up hatred than when it tries to stir up friendly feeling ?
Bertrand Russell
Der Rundfunkänderungsstaatsvertrag ist ein kompliziertes Gebilde , was die Öffentlich - Rechtlichen Anstalten mehr oder weniger aus dem digitalen Zeitalter raus halten soll .
Wer sich immer wunderte , warum die ARD oder das ZDF nicht mehr im Netz machen , die Videos in der Regel nur sieben
Tage online stehen und ältere MP3s bei Radiosender nicht mehr verfügbar sind , hat beim Rundfunkänderungsstaatsvertrag die Lösung gefunden .
Das blöde ist , dass die Nutzer in der Debatte nie gefragt werden .
Auf den üblichen Medienkongressen mit ihrer Meinungsbildung diskutieren Politiker mit Verlegern / Verbänden und dem Öffentlich - Rechtlichen Rundfunk immer nur darüber , dass letztere weniger im Netz machen können dürfen .
Das prägt die Debatte .
Verbraucherschützer und Zuschauer und Zuhörer werden nicht gefragt .
Dabei bezahlen wir den Laden und in der Regel wünscht man sich als Zuschauer und Zuhörer viel mehr .
Meine Kernwünsche für einen Öffentlich - Rechtlichen Rundfunk im Netz sind z.B. :
Freie Lizenzen für freie Inhalte !
Ich möchte möglichst viele Inhalte der Öffentlich - Rechtlichen unter Creative Commons Lizenzen veröffentlicht sehen , im Optimalfall auch Remix - fähig .
Offene Formate für freie Inhalte !
Die Real - Player Technologie ist zum Glück weitgehend auf dem technologischen Friedhof , aber Flash wird gerne genutzt .
Dabei muss ich aktiv auf die Mediatheken surfen , um mir Inhalte anzuschauen , wenn diese denn überhaupt online stehen .
Die wenigsten Inhalte werden als Podcast veröffentlicht , sind herunterladbar und das auch noch in einem offenen Format .
Das sollte man ändern , so dass man besser Orts - und Zeitunabhängig die Programme hören und sehen kann .
Wieso soll ich mir viele Inhalte nicht im Zug oder im Park ohne Internetverbindung anschauen dürfen ?
Und warum kann ich nicht mehr Inhalte in meinem Blog einbinden ?
Öffnet die Archive !
In der Regel werden Inhalte nur sieben Tage online zur Verfügung gestellt .
Wie die Zahl „ 7 “ zustande kam , weiß ich nicht mehr .
Die Verleger - Lobby hat sie mal in die Welt gesetzt , um klar das Öffentlich - Rechtliche Angebot zu beschränken .
Das ist aber nicht im Interesse der Zuschauer und Zuhörer .
Warum sollte man nicht noch nach sieben
Tage einen Video - Clip oder eine Radiosendung hören dürfen ?
Also kippt die 7 - Tage Regelung und öffnet die Archive .
Unser mitfinanziertes kulturelles
Erbe sollte öffentlich zugänglich sein !
Der Sendebezug muss weg !
Es gibt einen Sendungsbezug : Ins Netz sollen nur Sachen kommen , die über Radio und Fernsehen gesendet wurden .
Das führt zu der absurden Situation , dass z.B. ein Korrespondent aus dem Iran nicht weitere Informationen , wie Video - Clips , einfach online stellen darf , die nicht zuvor im Fernsehen gesendet wurden .
Der Drei-Stufen - Test :
Im Moment laufen Konsultationsverfahren für den sogenannten Drei-Stufen - Test ( Mehr dazu auch bei Telemedicus : Was ist eigentlich der Drei- Stufen - Test ? ) .
Verschiedene Angebote der ARD und des ZDF stehen auf dem Prüfstand .
Normalerweise läuft dieses Verfahren so ab , dass sich nur die ganzen Verleger und ihre Lobbys mit juristischen Stellungnahmen in die Debatte einmischen .
Das muss aber nicht so sein !
Alle können daran teilnehmen und ihre Meinung und Wünsche artikulieren .
Das ist zwar etwas kompliziert , weil es unterschiedliche Rundfunkräte als Empfänger der Stellungnahmen für unterschiedliche Angebote gibt .
Aber man muss weder eine juristische Stellungnahme vorlegen , noch hoch - wissenschaftlich argumentieren .
Mit einer Mail an die richtige Adresse , wo man seine Wünsche aus Nutzersicht artikuliert , ist man einfach dabei !
Ich hab mal die „ Bundesangebote “ zusammen gesucht .
Hier sind die momentan zur Diskussion stehenden Angebote der ARD und des ZDF , für die Konsultationen laufen .
Man muss dabei beachten , dass die Frist für die ARD - Angebote schon am 29 .
Juli abläuft und die für das ZDF - Angebot erst am 24 .
August .
Für die ganzen Konsultationen der Landesrundfunkanstalten hatte ich keine Zeit .
Und hier ist nun die Liste mit Kontakt - Mailadressen für die Stellungnahmen :
boerse.ARD.de -> hr-Rundfunkrat@hr-online.de
DasErste.de -> DST.DasErsteDe@brnet.de
eins - extra.de ->dst-einsextra@ndr.de
tagesschau.de -> dst-tagesschau@ndr.de
einsfestival .de und sportschau.de -> rundfunkrat@wdr.de
ARD .de und Einsplus.de -> dreistufentest@swr.de
KiKa.de und KI.KA .
Text -> rundfunkrat@mdr.de
ARD Text , ARD Portal / iTV und EPG -> gremiengeschaeftsstelle@rbb-online.de
ZDF.de , 3sat.de , Phoenix.de ->
Das ZDF bekommt keine Mailadresse , da darf man nur ein Kontaktformular nutzen .
Wäre doch gelacht , wenn man aus dem Netz nicht mehr Stellungnahmen bekommen könnte , als die wenigen , aber sehr einflussreichen Verleger - Lobbys und ihre Mitgliedsunternehmen zustande bekommen .
Bei den Forderungen könnt Ihr Euch bei den von mir oben aufgestellten Punkten orientieren .
Oder Ihr schreibt noch mehr Forderungen aus Nutzersicht in die Kommentare .
Und ich ergänze die Liste gerne .
Nochmal die kurze Fassung : Mails schreiben an die richtigen Mailadressen und Eure Wünsche artikulieren , dass Ihr die Angebote länger im Netz haben wollt , dass Ihr sie auch herunterladen und remixen wollt .
Weitere Wünsche könnt Ihr gerne ergänzen .
Wer sich nur für das Angebot von Tagesschau .de interessiert , kann aber gerne nochmal an die anderen Adressen Mails schicken .
Macht mit !
You barely see or read anything in the media about health care town halls that are constructive and where people actually ask pertinent questions .
The media have also forgotten that the leader of the House Republicans is n't having a town hall either .
What 's up with that ?
Why is n't John Boehner having a town hall ?
I ’ll take right here in southern Ohio .
My own representative , and the House Minority Leader , John Boehner is not holding any townhalls .
Add to that the district directly south of me , OH - 02 , which is represented by Jean Schmidt ( R ) , and our Republican Senator George Voinovich .
The closest townhall the people of southwest Ohio have had is one held in Columbus last week by Senator Sherrod Brown , however Steve Driehaus ( D - OH - 01 ) is also planning an event .
I can fully get behind what the right is doing , but I ca n’t tolerate partisanship in such an endeavor .
To me its amazing , yet not shocking that John Boehner is n’t holding one .
Boehner is a pro at ignoring his constituency .
A few years back during the Medicare debacle his office flat out refused to talk to seniors , even when there was a large gathering only a couple of miles from Boehner ’s house .
[ digg - reddit - me ]
Ezra Klein has been far and away the most insightful blogger so far during this health care battle – snagging interviews with key Senators , from Lindsey Graham to Johnny Isakson , and even more importantly wrestling with the issues and politics in the frank manner that , of all mediums , only blogging allows ( and perhaps talk radio . )
Through this August , Klein seems to be oscillating between two conflicting positions .
This Monday , for example , Klein wrote that :
We have an unfortunate tendency to think of policy reform as episodic rather than continual .
The process of reform is sold as a legislative Big Bang rather than an ongoing effort with lots of different policies all building on one another .
As reform is continual , he concludes that :
[ T ]he relevant question is not just whether they are an improvement on the status quo – they unquestionably are – but how they contribute to the next set of reforms .
Health - care reform does n’t end if we pass a bill in 2009 .
It begins .
I consider this a fairly optimistic take .
We may not get everything we want done , but reform is a continual process and the bills under consideration “ unquestionably are ” an “ improvement on the status quo . ”
By Tuesday , he had a different take , saying , “ It Is Democracy , Not Health - Care Reform , That Is Sick . ”
Members of Congress are terrified of voter backlash and industry opposition .
They are leaving virtually the entire health - care system untouched .
They will scuttle the bill if a rural hospital in their district does n’t receive sufficient reimbursement or if a local device manufacturer is harmed .
Yet there is a certain portion of the country that believes that Max Baucus and Mike Ross are willing to vote for death panels and defend them before their constituents in the following election …
In a healthy relationship , such madness is simply unthinkable …
Similarly , the relationship between the protesters and the government is not healthy .
The protesters believe the government capable of madness .
But Klein ’s swings are n’t without cause .
Anyone following this issue closely can see each modest attempt at progress is quickly submerged by an inundation of non-coherent nonsense .
Klein is right when he says that whether or not our democracy can act quickly to deal with the long - term and long - put - off issues of health care reform and climate change is a test of whether our political system is still relevant .
But he should remember that our system has had some successes relatively recently – with Ronald Reagan and Tip O’Neil coming together to shore up Social Security and with Bill Clinton and the Contract With America crowd coming together on welfare reform .
These attempts were successful because they steered clear of the Charybdis of deficit politics .
The challenge for progressives , for liberals , for those fighting to keep our political system relevant and to avoid the leeching of power by technocratic and not quite accountable institutions is to break this deficit politics that not only is preventing us from tackling these serious issues but that is also keeping us from reducing the deficit .
On the positive side , there are reasons to hope that the tide is turning – at least regarding health care reform .
[ Image adapted from this image by myglesias licensed under Creative Commons .
The same license applies to this adapted image . ]
Like Loading ...
The right foods will help you use your brain to the max , and the more you use it , the more you 'll challenge your brain to grow new cells , create new connections , and improve your problem - solving and memory .
Before I tell you about the many great foods that will keep your brain performing at its peak , remember — eat whole foods that are fresh and as close to their natural state as possible .
Also , drink plenty of pure , clean water , which is 85 percent of your brain 's weight .
Did you know that water can actually increase your alertness ?
When you 're feeling sluggish in the afternoon , instead of grabbing a caffeinated , carbonated drink , pour yourself a tall glass of distilled water .
Pick foods your great , great grandparents would have eaten , and stay away from so - called modern , highly processed foods that are filled with nasty chemicals .
Many foods today are genetically modified .
So , they are not as nutritious as organic , natural foods .
And even worse , they can be dangerous to your health .
Foods that Boost Your Brain Power
Diets rich in berries can reduce , or even reverse , declining brain function .
Blueberries , in particular , have been shown to have the ability to improve memory and keep your brain young . [ 1 ] , [ 2 ]
They can also help you improve your balance and coordination .
Berries are rich in antioxidants which protect your brain cells from oxidation and free radical damage .
[ 3 ]
These antioxidants may slow down brain aging and prevent disease , while promoting the growth of healthy brain cells .
The Healthiest Berries
Blueberries
Blackberries
Red Grapes
Strawberries
Raspberries Cranberries
Goji Berries
Mulberries
Boysenberries
Acai Berries
The South American acai berry has more antioxidants than any other berry .
Plus , they contain omega fatty acids and are high in protein .
Stick to bright colors when choosing fruits and vegetables .
Yellow and orange vegetables are typically rich in beta - carotene , a powerful antioxidant that converts to vitamin A in your body .
Dark leafy green vegetables and citrus fruits are packed with vitamin C .
Both vitamins A and C are linked to improving your memory and reasoning powers and keeping your arteries functioning properly .
Foods High in Beta - Carotene & Vitamin C :
Mangos
Oranges
Carrots
Broccoli Tomatoes
Cantaloupe
Rainbow Chard
Green , Red & Yellow Peppers
Vegetables and fruits contain natural sugars that keep you alert .
Your brain needs natural sugars to function at its best .
Avocados are rich in good fat and vitamin E , while many sprouted grains are rich in fiber .
Both are good for your circulatory system .
And what 's good for your blood flow , is great for your brain .
Avoid gluten , however , since it can lead to brain fog .
The Importance of Essential Fatty Acids
Essential fatty acids are also necessary for maximum brainpower , as well as promoting normal brain growth and development .
Studies show that eating foods that are high in omega fatty acids can reduce the risk of some disease , too .
These fatty acids also help boost memory and your ability to learn new things !
Other sources of good Omega fatty Acids are marine plants , such as blue - green algae , and nut or seed oils .
All nuts , particularly walnuts , feed your brain because they boost serotonin levels .
Serotonin is a neurotransmitter that controls sleep , depression , memory , and other neurological processes . [ 4 ]
Raw unprocessed organic olive oil , coconut oil , and hempseed oil also contain brain - healthy fats , fibers , and proteins .
I recommend 1 to 2 tablespoons daily .
Foods High in Folic Acid
Okra
Spinach
Lentils
Collards
Asparagus Black Beans
Garbanzo Beans
Romaine Lettuce
Black - Eyed Peas
Sunflower Seeds
Did you know that flaxseed and real organic chocolate are brain food , too !
They 're filled with vitamin E which keeps your brain healthy later in life .
Real chocolate also releases dopamine , to enhance cognition and mood .
Be sure to eat chocolate that is minimally processed and retains the purest cacao - as close to the bean as possible .
That means either 100 percent organic cocoa powder or a dark chocolate bar with at least 75 percent cacao content .
You 'll need to be careful of the chocolate you buy ; seek fairtrade , ethical products .
Vitamins & Herbs that Boost Your Brain Power
These vitamins and minerals help your memory and reasoning powers while slowing down the signs of aging .
Vitamin A
Vitamin C
Vitamin E Folic Acid
B Vitamins
Magnesium
Some researchers suggest that the herbs ginseng and gingko have a positive impact on your brain , keeping you alert and improving memory .
Did you know that body detoxing can boost your brainpower , too ?
By eliminating the toxic chemicals and heavy metals that build up in your body from your environment and diet , you can rid your brain of free radicals that contribute to disease , aging , and poor health .
A liver cleanse can help remove toxins , improve digestion , and restore energy to your body and mind .
Eating the proper foods enhances your brain functions .
And using your brain for reading and learning new skills , such as a musical instrument , a new language , or computer skills — even conquering crossword puzzles regularly will keep your brain quick and nimble .
Remember , processed foods are often too starchy , fatty , and sugary for good health and often do more harm than good for your body and brain .
Seek out raw , whole fruit and vegetables as often as possible .
Live foods present your body with beneficial energy as well as natural nutrients .
I also recommend getting a cellphone protector for your phone to reduce any harmful radiation leaking into your brain tissue .
† Results may vary .
Information and statements made are for education purposes and are not intended to replace the advice of your doctor .
If you have a severe medical condition or health concern , see your physician .
EDIT : No platforms are confirmed for this other than “ console ” , we ’ll get more info as soon as possible .
So CCP have revealed just what the mysterious Dust 514 actually is : a console action MMO featuring “ first - person shooter and RTS - style gameplay ” , set in the Eve Online universe .
Disappointing , eh ?
But there ’s an intriguing twist : PC and console games will be able to interact , and the faction warfare map that gets decided in space on the PC , will also decide the map in the console game .
There ’s more , as Gamasutra reports :
Players in the PC MMO can “ fund mercenaries and give them goals ” in the console title .
CCP ’s Petursson hope that “ these communities will meld over time ” , expecting specific Dust 514 corporations to start with , but eventually social structures that bridge across the two .
He quipped of the new game and the relationship between the two titles : “ While the fleet does the flying , the infantry does the dying . ”
So PC gamers get to be the space - bound commanders of the console foot - soldiers …
That is n’t going to help our elitism complex , is it ?
Some South African ATMs have pepper - spray squirters that are intended to debilitate anyone who tries to tamper with them or install a card - skimmer .
The idea is that spray incapacitates you while the cops come out .
Unfortunately , they 've also been known to incapacitate the poor bastards who install them by randomly firing capsaicin at them .
The extreme measure is the latest in South Africa 's escalating war against armed robbers who target banks and cash delivery vans .
The number of cash machines blown up with explosives has risen from 54 in 2006 to 387 in 2007 and nearly 500 last year .
The technology uses cameras to detect people tampering with the card slots .
Another machine then ejects pepper spray to stun the culprit while police response teams race to the scene .
But the mechanism backfired in one incident last week when pepper spray was inadvertently inhaled by three technicians who required treatment from paramedics .
I was checking out Arren ’s latest post over on Through the Eyes of Death today .
He discusses the recent announcements about the upcoming changes in patch 3.2 , many of which will make leveling 1 - 70 faster than ever .
I agree with him that most of the reason is that everybody has “ been there , done that ” and there ’s no sense prolonging the pain anymore .
People are just trying to get to Northrend content as fast as possible .
Nobody cares about how Edwin Van Cleef was screwed by the nobility of Stormwind .
Nobody cares why the worgen are in Duskwood or how they got there .
In fact , much of vanilla WoW and Burning Crusade has been made moot by Wrath of the Lich King anyway .
I think another reason is that Blizzard ’s next expansion will include at least ten more levels .
We ’re talking about having to level grind to 90 and doing most of it in lands that are now pointless .
Illidan ’s dead – why are we in Outland again ?
But I digress , as usual .
I wanted to talk about what it was like when we used to have to walk to school in the snow , uphill , both ways .
Arrens mentioned the warlock in his post , which sparked this post of my own because my first class was a warlock .
I remember the “ good old days ” , as it were .
Both warlock mount quests were very exciting , but my second epic mount dreadsteed quest was memorable because the chain was so long and it was actually “ epic ” .
At the same time , it was also very frustrating .
When it came down to the instance runs in the end , it was even more difficult because you had to find four other people willing to help you who had no reason to except love for common man .
After a couple of weeks of hard work , sweat , crying , contemplations of suicide , and hundreds of gold spent at the auction house , I was finally able to saddle up the dreadsteed .
Back then you were n’t really a warlock if you were level 60 for any length of time and you did n’t have your dreadsteed .
You were just a poor warlock impersonator , a wannabe .
Getting your dreadsteed was your warlock club card .
I suspect that paladins had the same thing going on with their epic mount and perhaps druid with the epic flight form .
Rose - colored glasses ?
Probably .
There is a lot about vanilla WoW that was quite terrible – let ’s just be blunt .
I remember many quests , as Arrens mentioned , that were just a hassle .
You ’d run all over creation for a quest that really was n’t very interesting and , in the end , you ended up with 2000 experience points for your trouble .
In the forty minutes it took you to complete the quest you could have made four times that amount of experience just grinding pig men or something .
I think it ’s human nature for us to embellish some of our memories , even the ones that maybe do n’t deserve embellishing .
Or maybe those are the ones that need to be cleaned up the most .
I remember the wars that took place between Southshore and Tarren Mill .
There was nothing to be gained from that but corpse runs .
And sure , I remember when my warlock , after some brutal battleground sessions , was able to finally get the title of Knight .
And that was when they were using the rating system ; you could n’t just hoard honor points .
Now when you look at the title , it sounds awesome and fear - inspiring .
But when you think about the hell you went through to get it , was it really all that fun ?
So I think much of the QQing is for nostalgia ’s sake .
Will a new player have the same amount of appreciation for his brand new flaming dreadsteed as we did years ago ?
Maybe , maybe not .
But the game has evolved now .
Does anyone remember getting up on Saturday morning to watch the Superfriends or Scooby Doo in the 70s ?
I do .
I ’d get a giant bowl of plain Cheerios ( no fancy stuff back then ) and set up camp in front of the television .
That was great fun .
Would I force my kids to watch an episode of the old Superfriends ?
Wonder Twin powers activate ?
That was beyond lame .
If I ’d had Justice League in 1978 my brain would have probably exploded .
It ’s just the evolution of WoW .
We remember its past fondly .
But comparing vanilla WoW to Wrath of the Lich King is almost exactly like comparing the Superfriends to Justice League .
Miss Kajla 's assertiveness was questioned at the hearing A former prison officer was forced out of her job after being bullied because she was pretty , a tribunal has heard .
Amitjo Kajla , 22 , is claiming constructive dismissal after leaving her job in Brinsford Young Offenders ' Institution near Wolverhampton .
However former colleagues questioned her behaviour with male inmates and suggested she chose to reject advice about the dress code .
It was also alleged many inmates knew where she lived .
Lee Hastings , who worked with Miss Kajla , said : " I heard that her personal address and the area in which she lived was , shall we say , common knowledge amongst the inmates . "
Miss Kajla claims she was effectively sacked by Brinsford in April last year following a blemish - free spell working at Shrewsbury prison .
' Shouted aggressively ' Stephen Roberts , for Miss Kajla , accused Mr Hastings of shouting aggressively at his client in an incident where she had simply followed an order .
He further accused Mr Hastings of becoming annoyed when Miss Kajla lodged a complaint of bullying against him .
Miss Kajla would go and talk to the lads .
She lacked boundaries and assertiveness with the prisoners
Philippa Maddox Mr Hastings said he did not mean to upset Miss Kajla , adding he was concerned about security breaches at the prison , which houses male young offenders .
Philippa Maddox , a prison officer who took induction with Miss Kajla , said the 27 - year - old did not follow advice regarding hair and make - up and claimed the uniform she wore was " snugly fitted " .
She said : " Miss Kajla would go and talk to the lads .
She lacked boundaries and assertiveness with the prisoners . "
Michael Doolan , a senior prison officer at Brinsford , said one inmate told Miss Kajla : " I would n't mind taking you back to my cell " .
He alleged that she did not respond to the comment .
He added : " Although there were issues with her lack [ of ] assertiveness , I believed she would improve with more experience . "
The hearing continues .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Google への転職を知ったスティーブ・バルマーが激怒して壁に椅子を投げつけたという逸話が有名なマーク・ルコフスキー（Mark Lucovsky）が、今度は Google から VMware へ移籍するとのこと 。
TecgCrunch の記事にはルコフスキーがデイヴ・カトラーにスカウトされてマイクロソフトに入ったことが書かれているが、新装版が出る『闘うプログラマー』にももちろん彼が登場する。しかもとても強烈なキャラクターとして。
ちょうど『闘うプログラマー』新装版を献本いただいたので、そこから引用しよう。
引用文中の「半面 」 は「反面」が正しいのではないか？ （訂正：少なくとも「半面」で間違いとはいえないので、この問題提起は取り下げます）
このようにずば抜けて優秀で、しかも同時にすげー嫌な奴なのだが、ルコフスキーは
Windows NT の開発において API を担当し、マイクロソフトが OS / 2 を切り捨てることを明らかにし、IBM
との提携関係が終わらせた歴史的な会議をやり遂げたのもルコフスキーだった。
本の後半 で 「
ラジオのトークショーで警鐘を鳴らす保守派の評論家、ラッシュ・ランボーの役割をNTチームでになったルコフスキー（346ページ）」という表現があるが、ここのラッシュ・ランボーはラッシュ・リンボーの誤りである。
とにかく『闘うプログラマー』はこんな強烈な面々が苦しみ、咆哮し、問題をねじ伏せる様をいきいきと描いた素晴らしい本で、新装版を少し目を通しただけで燃え上がるものを感じた。
新装版では成毛眞が「解説」を書いているのだが、以下のくだりに呆れた。
Windows 9X シリーズ を Windows NT系に分類するなんて初耳である。これをかつて
MSKK の社長だった人が書くのは滑稽だが、その間違いを正せなかった編集者にも責任がある。
結論としては『闘うプログラマー』は素晴らしい本だし、献本してもらいながらこういうことを遠慮なく書くような人間なのでワタシはいろんな人に嫌われるのだ。
Among the third - party products demonstrated during June 's WWDC keynote , the one that may have generated the most anticipation was TomTom 's TomTom for iPhone .
This combination of an iPhone app providing turn - by - turn driving directions and a hardware accessory , the Car Kit for iPhone , that enhances the app will enable the iPhone to take the place of a standalone GPS unit for many users .
Unfortunately , TomTom CTO Peter - Frans
Pauwels did n't provide many details during that demonstration other than to say that TomTom for iPhone would be available " later this summer . "
Macworld recently had a chance to talk with Tom Murray , Vice President of Market Development for TomTom , and while the company has n't yet announced a release date or final pricing information , Murray was able to expand on some of the information presented at WWDC .
( You can see a video teaser of TomTom for iPhone on YouTube . )
i Phone challenges
While other vendors have announced , and in some cases already released , navigation apps for the iPhone ( AT&T's Navigator and Sygic 's Mobile Maps are a couple of the latter ) , Murray noted that TomTom for iPhone is unique because it's a two - part solution .
By combining software and hardware , the company says it can provide an experience that 's much more comparable to that of a standalone navigation unit than an app on its own .
According to Murray , the biggest challenge presented by an iPhone - based navigation solution is that dedicated navigation devices have better GPS reception than an unassisted iPhone .
In addition , the iPhone does n't include any of the special technologies TomTom implements in its own navigation units ; for example , gyroscopes and other hardware that allow a unit to better approximate its position when it loses the GPS signal in , say , a tunnel .
The size of the iPhone is also an issue -- 4.3 - inch screens are becoming the standard for standalone devices , while the iPhone 's screen is only 3.5 inches in size .
And few iPhone owners have car mounts for positioning the phone safely while driving .
There are also logistical issues .
For example , because the iPhone does n't support background processes , any navigation app must shut down during phone calls , making real - time tracking difficult -- something that does n't happen on a dedicated GPS unit , even one that includes telephony features .
And while the iPhone offers far more space for data storage than do most GPS units , the company recognizes that iPhone owners will want to use much of that space for apps and media , so navigation apps need to avoid abusing the opportunity .
Car Kit not required , but recommended
i Phone owners will be able to purchase and use the TomTom software and maps without the Car Kit hardware accessory ; however , the Car Kit for iPhone was designed to enhance the software by addressing several of the limitations mentioned above .
For starters , the Car Kit includes a separate GPS receiver that performs better than the one built into the iPhone ; Murray said this receiver is closer to what you 'd find in a dedicated GPS unit .
The TomTom app uses this receiver when your iPhone is docked in the Car Kit , allowing for improved real - time navigation , especially in cities with large buildings or in locations with lots of trees or other natural obstacles .
The Car Kit also includes a built - in speaker that provides better audio quality and considerably louder output , making it easier to hear spoken directions .
The Car Kit is also a car mount for placing your iPhone in a safe location for driving .
The unit includes the same EasyPort mount as TomTom 's recent standalone GPS units , letting you adjust the cradle 's angle , rotation , and relative position ( you can position the cradle sitting on or hanging from the mount ) .
The mount locks in place when in use , and folds flat for easier storage .
The Kit 's power cable plugs into your car 's accessory jack or any USB power source and charges your iPhone while docked .
Finally , the Car Kit includes several additional audio features .
For example , it includes a 1/8 - inch audio - output jack for connecting the iPhone and Car Kit to any car stereo with an auxiliary - input jack ; this lets you listen to both navigation directions and iPhone audio -- including music -- through your car stereo .
You also get a microphone that lets you use the Car Kit as a Bluetooth speakerphone .
( Yes , even though the iPhone physically connects to the Car Kit , it uses a Bluetooth connection for phone calls . )
We asked TomTom how the company will promote the TomTom for iPhone package , given that the software and hardware will necessarily be sold and distributed separately -- the app through the App Store , the hardware through other outlets .
The company says it intends to sell each separately , as well to bundle the two , but that making people aware of the hardware if they purchase the software first will be the biggest challenge .
TomTom features , iPhone UI
While the iPhone 's hardware can't match that of a standalone GPS unit , Murray noted that TomTom is taking advantage of the iPhone 's own unique features to enhance the app .
For example , unlike TomTom 's dedicated GPS devices , the TomTom app's interface has portrait and landscape modes depending , of course , on how the phone is oriented .
You can also use the iPhone 's multi - touch gestures - - tap , swipe , pinch , and zoom -- to navigate the interface and zoom in and out of maps .
You 'll also be able to access your iPhone contacts from within the TomTom app , letting you quickly choose a destination or starting point from a contact 's information .
( Integration with other apps has not yet been announced . )
Mapping and navigation will apparently work much as they do on the company 's standalone units , with a similar interface , most of the same core features , and similar voice - guided navigation .
The app will include TomTom 's IQ Routes feature , which takes advantage of other TomTom GPS owners ' driving experiences to determine the actual speeds driven on particular routes at particular times of day .
Murray said the " trillions of bits of data " lets IQ Routes provide accurate information about historical drive - speed norms , generating more accurate drive times and letting the software choose the actual fastest route , which may not be the same as the shortest route .
One feature Murray could n't yet confirm or deny is Map Share , which lets users make route corrections -- for example , road closures or incorrect street information -- on their devices and then sync those changes with TomTom 's servers to share them with other users .
( When asked which TomTom GPS unit the iPhone will most - closely compare with , Murray said there is none -- the iPhone 's screen size makes it similar to the older , 3.5 - inch - screen models , but features such as IQ Routes make its software more similar to that of newer models . )
Pricing and availability have n't yet arrived
Unfortunately , TomTom was n't able to provide concrete information about pricing and availability -- the company is still saying simply " later this summer . "
However , Murray did tell us that the company is leaning towards a set price for the application and maps , rather than taking the subscription approach of AT&T .
The application you purchase through the App Store will include the TomTom navigation software and the latest TeleAtlas maps for your area ; North America and Europe will be the initial areas offered .
Due to the size of the maps , the download will be quite large for an iPhone app -- close to 1GB .
( TomTom does n't yet know if the download will be restricted to WiFi connections . )
iPhone users will be able to update their maps , although the policy and process for updating -- for example , via in - app purchasing , App Store updates , or using software similar to TomTom Home - - has yet to be determined .
Those interested in more information on TomTom for iPhone can sign up for status updates at the TomTom site .
This story , " TomTom for iPhone En Route " was originally published by Macworld .
A US web expert has called for web users to abandon Internet Explorer 6 for the greater good of the internet .
Developed in 2001 and packaged with Windows XP , IE6 was the most widely used web browser of its tenure , reaching usage of up to 80 per cent during its peak in 2002 and 2003 .
Despite being superseded by IE7 and IE8 , as well as the rise of competitors such as Firefox , Safari , Opera and Chrome , market share was still at 25 per cent in September 2008 , according to a Net Applications Market Share survey .
In a post on social media blog Mashable , associate editor Ben Parr says internet users and web developers are at a crossroads and for the web to move on , IE6 must be abandoned .
" We 've sputtered on with the dead weight of IE6 since 2001 , but we 're just now reaching a breaking point and companies are starting to feel it , " he said .
" YouTube and Digg clearly believe that it's not in their best interests to continue supporting the outdated browser and thus have put the word out about their plans to phase out support .
" More and more companies will take their lead as it becomes harder and harder to justify the cost of keeping a site running correctly in Microsoft 's old browser . "
Twitter and Facebook have also been urging users to upgrade their browsers .
Mr Parr says that the web has done all right , despite IE6 , but the coming release of HTML 5 means innovation will be stifled if websites continue to cater to IE6 .
He says HTML 5 offers a range of benefits , including being able to embed video and audio directly into html , a time tag to help browsers recognise time in html pages , the ability to drag and drop files directly onto the browser , the ability to create web apps that can determine your location and provide more relevant information , and the ability to save files locally when using web - based applications .
Mr Parr says people have stuck with IE6 because it is the standard browser of Windows XP .
A recent survey by Digg found people primarily use IE6 at work , because they have no other option .
" Without a significant event like Google not loading in IE6 , people have stayed content with their current browser , " Mr Parr said .
Microsoft has been contacted for comment .
ABC News Online has no plans to drop support for IE6 in the near future .
Organic food is no healthier than conventional food , according to the world 's biggest research project into the issue .
A review of scientific studies for the past 50 years found there were no significant nutritional differences between conventional produce and organic fruit , vegetables , meat and milk .
The findings , intended to answer once and for all a long - running controversy , attack one of the pillars underpinning organic food produced without artificial fertilisers and with higher animal welfare standards : that is is healthier for individuals as well as better for the environment .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
However organic farming experts criticised the study carried out by the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine and questioned why it dismissed evidence it gathered that organic food is higher in some nutrients .
The Food Standards Agency commissioned the research to discover whether Britain's £ 2bn organic industry could claim higher health benefits for its products .
Of 162 scientific papers , researchers found 55 that were high quality and checked them for different minerals and vitamins such as Vitamin C and iron .
In " satisfactory quality studies " there was no difference between the organic and non-organic farming in 20 of 23 nutritional categories .
Organic was better satisfactory studies , organic food had " statistically higher levels " of phospohorous and acidity , but conventional was higher in nitrates .
Dr Alan Dangour , who led the study , said : " A small number of differences in nutrient content were found to exist between organically and conventionally - produced crops and livestock , but these are unlikely to be of any public health relevance .
" We found broadly that there was no important difference between organic and conventional produce . "
The Food Standards Agency stressed that while people bought organic produce for several reasons , it considered that the long - running debate about whether they were more healthy was now over .
Gill Fine , FSA director of dietary health , said : " This study does not mean we should not eat organic food .
What it shows is that there is little , if any , nutritional difference between organic and conventionally - produced food and that there is no evidence of additional health benefits from eating organic food . "
The result accords with the FSA 's previous advice that there was " no significant " health benefit from eating organic produce and also echoes the views expressed by previous Government Defra ministers that the case for organic food being healthier is unproven .
Supporters of organic farming , however , claimed that the results were flawed because of the criteria used to select the most important research .
When all 162 studies rather than the 55 highest quality ones were taken into account , organic farming was frequently higher in nutrients than conventional produce .
For instance , beta carotenes were 53 per cent higher and flavanoids 38 per cent higher in organic food than non-organic food .
Peter Melchett , Policy Director at the Soil Association , complained : " The review rejected almost all of the existing studies of comparisons between organic and non-organic nutritional differences .
This was because these studies did not meet particular criteria fixed by the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine .
" Although the researchers say that the differences between organic and non-organic food are not ' important ' , due to the relatively few studies , they report in their analysis that there are higher levels of beneficial nutrients in organic compared to non-organic foods . "
A leading academic , Carlo Leifert , professor of ecology at Newcastle University , also attacked the study .
Professor Leifert has been conducting a £ 12 m four - year EU - funded study .
Some initial research , published last year in the Journal of Science , Agricultural and Food last year , found that organic milk contained around 60 per cent more antioxidants and beneficial fatty acids than normal milk .
Provisional results from another part of the same study , which has not yet been published , suggests that organic wheat , tomatoes , cabbage , onions and lettuce also had between 10 and 20 per cent more vitamins .
Neither have been included in the FSA review .
" With these literarure reviews you can influence the outcome by the way that you select the papers that you use for your meta - analysis , " Professor Leifert said .
" My feeling - and quite a lot of people think this - is that this is probably the study that delivers what the FSA wanted as an outcome .
If you look at the differences they found – a 50 per cent increase in beta carotenes and a 30 per cent increase in flavanoids – they are quite significant differences , and they come to the conclusion that there 's no systematic nutritional differences .
That 's just not very convincing . "
During the past decade , sales of organic produce have soared , rising 22 per cent between 2005 and 2007 , hitting £ 2.1 bn last year .
Nine out of 10 households buy organic food .
Britain has the third biggest market for organic food , after Germany and Italy , though it still only accounts for only 1 per cent of retail sales and 3.5 per cent of British farmland .
Although organic supporters have mostly trumpeted the environment as the biggest reason for buying organic , " quality and taste " is the biggest factor by buyers , shows research .
Britain 's biggest organic farmer , Guy Watson , whose Riverford organic food network serves 40,000 customers , said the research was likely to hit his sales nationally .
" In terms of the organic market industry as a whole , this is clearly not going to be helpful , " said , adding that he did not believe his veg box scheme would be affected .
" People buy from us really for flavour and freshness and secondly because they trust us in a general way . "
The National Farmers Union said it had always said that both conventional and organic food to be " equally healthy and nutritious . "
The NFU said : " It is down to the consumer to choose what kind of food they wish to buy just as it is down to the individual farmer to decide which system he wants to employ – previous research has found there is no evidence to prove organic food is healthier than conventional and we believe there is space in the market for all models of farming to thrive and prosper . "
Hi everyone ,
My name is Olivier ; I work for Nobilis , a publishing company which is based in Lyon , France .
I ’m a Product Manager and I ’m here to tell you about an exciting new release for PlayStation Store : Trine .
Trine is a fantasy action and platform game that combines 2D gameplay with 3D graphics .
The game is balanced between action and puzzle - solving sequences .
Three heroes are bound to a mysterious device called the Trine in a quest to save the kingdom from evil , and the player can at any time freely choose whoever is best suited for the upcoming challenge or puzzle .
Because physics is at the core of the gameplay , there is not just one solution for each puzzle ; in fact you can even find a way the developers have never thought of !
You can control one of the three characters of the game and switch at any time to solve the puzzles in a different manner .
Each character has a unique ability , so choose the one you think is best suited for the situation .
The Wizard can create and move objects around to build a bridge or crush his enemies with a box .
The Thief uses her bow to attack and her grappling hook to move quickly and avoid dangerous traps .
The Warrior is better suited for close combat and tends to hit before he thinks !
So you can play through the 16 levels of the game , switching from character to character , but you can also play with one or two friends in a cooperative mode .
Play the whole adventure together and find new solutions by combining your characters ’ powers .
How about asking the Wizard to create a box so the Thief can use it with her grappling hook ?
Or why do n’t you make the Wizard levitate you , while you , The Warrior , destroy your enemies that were too high to reach in the first place ?
With 3 players , the range of options widens : ask the Thief to use her bow to fire at your enemies , while the Warrior protects her with his shield and the Wizards creates boxes on top of the skeletons ’ heads to crush them !
Possibilities are huge and this trailer will show you what sort of things you can do in Trine .
Coming soon to the PlayStation Store for PS3 .
For sure … you ’ll love it !
Off - the - wall ads are nothing knew ; advertisers know weird - ass ads will get people talking .
But some commercials just get the " bizarre " part down before shutting off the cameras and going home for the day , producing a worrying number of insanely ineffective and downright baffling commercials which for all their quirky weirdness forgot to actually market a product .
We 're talking about stuff like : Advertisement
7 Singing Black Man in Drag for ...
Pest Control , We Think
What it looks like : Continue Reading Below Advertisement
A slightly more hairy but less fat version of Madea doing his / her ironing in a cartoon apartment populated by a single cockroach .
Also , there is singing .
The flowers really hold the room together .
The tune should be familiar to anyone who enjoys Calypso music or watched Beetlejuice recently ; but perhaps emboldened by the lipstick and fake breasts , this guy makes the brave character choice to inflect all the wrong syllables and sing completely out of key .
This practice is frequently mistaken as being " lighthearted " and / or " funny , " but in actuality makes us want to punch a cat in the balls .
Also , he manages to pull his wig off no less than three times in a twenty second period , either in an effort to convey his character 's brave , mustached struggle with some form of cancer or to creep television audiences right the fuck out .
Luckily , neither one has anything to do with pest control .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
What it really is :
Those who were strong enough to get to the end of the video or simply too confused to turn it off will discover that Harris is actually a Detroit Pest Control company , as explained by Mr. Harris himself .
That 's right , viewers .
After parading around in bad drag , I will now ask for access into your home so that I may fill it with an extremely deadly nerve agent .
One of the most common feature requests from our clients is Google Map integration .
On two projects recently I found myself creating very similar functionality : a map of points with links in a nearby list that activate the markers on the map .
This seemed like an excellent opportunity to package up functionality into some sort of “ module . ”
Given that jQuery is my framework of choice I decided to go the route of a jQuery plugin ( see David ’s recent post for the advantages of jQuery plugins ) .
My goal when crafting this plugin was to use the convention - over - configuration paradigm , yet allowing customization , and to have the data be embedded in the HTML , allowing for graceful degradation in the rare cases where Google Maps would n’t be compatible .
This would also allow the javascript the end user would need to write to be very minimal ; one line is the default case .
The requirements for the most recent project were simple enough :
Create a Google Map in a specific div .
Add markers for given locations .
Color the markers based on a category they are assigned to .
Center the map around the markers and set it to a reasonable zoom level .
When a link on the page for the location is clicked it should activate the marker and load the map info window with specific HTML .
Basic Usage
The most basic usage would be with HTML like this :
< div id =" map " ></div > < div id =" map- side - bar " > < div class= " map - location " data= " {id : 2 , point : {lng : -122.4391131 , lat : 37.7729943} , category : ' restaurant'} " > < a href= " # " class = " map - link " > Nopalito < / a> < div class = " info - box " > < p > The best authentic Mexican restaurant in San Francisco .
</ p> </div> </div > < div class= " map - location " data= " {id : 3 , point : {lng : -122.4481651 , lat : 37.8042096} , category : ' museum'} " > < a href= " # " class = " map - link " > Exploratorium < / a> < div class = " info - box " > < p > A hands - on museum of science , art , and human perception in San Francisco .
</ p> </div> </div> </div >
And Javascript like this :
$ ( document ) .ready ( function ( ) { $ ( ' # map ' ) .
jMapping ( ) ; } ) ;
Working with options
The one thing this code does n’t take care of is how to color the markers based on the categories .
Coloring markers can easily be done with the Google Maps utility library MapIconMaker .
To get it functional we just change the Javascript to this :
$ ( document ) .ready ( function ( ) { $ ( ' # map ' ) .
jMapping ( { category_icon_options : { ' restaurant ' : { primaryColor : '# E8413A ' , cornerColor : '# EBEBEB'} , ' museum ' : { primaryColor : '# 465AE0 ' , cornerColor : '# EBEBEB'} , ' default ' : { primaryColor : '# 7CDF65'} } } ) ; } ) ;
There ’s a whole host of other options you can use to customize it .
Most importantly you can set the selectors the plugin uses to find the locations , links , and the info box elements .
There are even more examples and explanations available at its home on GitHub .
That ’s also where you can find the downloads , report issues , or fork the code .
In the future , I hope to add the ability to update the map , and other functionality that people request , as well as create some Rails helpers for integrating it into your views .
Look for more articles down the line here about how the plugin was designed and structured , and the way it ’s tested .
Leaked Conversation Suggests EEStor 's Battery - Killing Ultracapacitor Is Nearly Complete
Capable of charging in a matter of minutes and powering an electric car for 300 miles , the ultracapacitor could power tomorrow 's electric cars
The subsidy for the auto sector cloaked as an environmental program has already run through its budget .
( WaPo ) :
“ The program started only six days ago , giving vouchers to consumers who trade in their gas - guzzling cars for more fuel - efficient models .
But the unexpectedly brisk response made federal transportation officials increasingly fearful Thursday that they would exhaust their [ $ 1 billion of ] allocated funds … . ”
Dealers are in the press touting the program ’s “ success . ”
Of course it ’s successful for them , they get to clear their inventory .
But the program represents a net cost to society : the money borrowed to fund it plus interest .
Since , at the rate we ’re going , the debt will have to be rolled over in perpetuity , we ’re talking a lot of interest .
By the way , I suspect CfC is a net negative for the environment too .
The MPG requirements — anything below 18 MPG traded in for anything over 22 MPG qualifies for the tax credit — are silly .
And the energy consumed to produce the new cars offsets any savings from a few extra MPG .
The Obama administration wants to suspend the program because it has promised to corral the deficit .
But congressmen want to keep funneling cash to the dealers in their district , a portion of which will no doubt end up in campaign coffers .
They are even talking to the administration about recycling TARP funds .
How much money are we willing to spend subsidizing the auto industry ?
Already GM and Chrysler have received tens of billions that are never coming back .
Now Congress wants to spend $ 1 billion more per week ?
Where does the spending insanity stop ?
Please Mr. President , make it go away .
Where the Real Chinese Food Is Hidden
Jason Kuznicki at Positive Liberty offers some hypotheses as to why Chinese restaurants have “ secret menus ” that only Chinese people seem to know about .
His top theory : American are used to Americanized Chinese food and would n’t like the real stuff , so Chinese restaurants continue serving the authentic food only to their Chinese customers .
Tyler Cowen adds that , by hiding their authentic menus , Chinese restaurants may be trying to keep from attracting too many non-Chinese customers .
[ % comments ]
News , views and top stories in your inbox .
Do n't miss our must - read newsletter Sign up Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
This is the agonising moment Israel Lancho nearly pays the ultimate price for being a glamourous matador .
A momentary slip and he is speared by an enraged bull and hoisted up on the animal ’s horns in front of thousands of spectators in Madrid .
Israel was conscious when he reached the bullring surgery .
But after an emergency operation on his 10in deep stomach wound he is now said to be in a “ very serious condition ” in hospital .
The fiesta in San Isidro – patron saint of peasants and labourers but not matadors apparently – continued on Wednesday despite the horrific goring .
Looks as though this was one day when Israel took his eye off the bull …
Click below to see more horrific pics of bulls getting their own back .
Get our daily royal round - up direct to your inbox Sign up Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
The British National Party claims to be standing up for Britain but nothing could be further from the truth .
Its leaders would have opposed fighting Hitler 's Nazis during WW2 , have refused to support the England football team and claim that no Asian or black person , even if they are second or third generation , can ever be British .
Here is the BNP in its own words : BNP leader Nick Griffin admires Hitler .
" At 13 , I read Mein Kampf [ Hitler 's autobiography ] , making notes in the margins .
The chapter I most enjoyed was the one on propaganda and organisation .
There were some really useful ideas there . "
So does Mark Collett , the BNP 's head of publicity .
" Hitler will live forever ; and maybe I will . "
Six million people were murdered in Nazi concentration camps but BNP leader Nick Griffin has denied the Holocaust took place .
He once said " It 's well known that the chimneys from the gas chambers at Auschwitz are fake , built after the war ended . "
He has even claimed that the concentration camps were built by British soldiers after the war .
Winston Churchill led us to victory over Hitler .
However , Mark Collett once said : " Churchill was a f****** c*** who led us into a pointless war with other whites [ ie the Nazis ] standing up for their race . "
Private Johnson Beharry received the Victoria Cross , saving the lives of 30 comrades in Iraq despite being injured himself .
The BNP dismissed him as " an immigrant " who only received a medal for doing something " routine " .
At a recent World Cup , the BNP refused to support the England football team because it had black players .
The BNP does not believe that any black or Asian person can ever be British .
BNP leader Nick Griffin branded the brave Gurkhas " mercenaries " who should not be allowed to come and live in Britain .
The NHS survives thanks to the work of black and Asian doctors and nurses .
The BNP 's racist policies would destroy the NHS .
The BNP is happy to accept an invitation to the Queen 's Garden Party but really they hate the Royal Family .
The BNP 's Mark Collett said : " The Royals have betrayed their people .
When we 're in power they 'll be wiped out and we 'll get some Germans to rule properly . "
The BNP tries to portray itself as the patriotic party that cares about Britain , but there is nothing pro-British about it .
The British are a proud , tolerant and fair people .
The BNP spreads hate , division and intolerance .
The BNP use WW2 imagery to suggest they are the heirs of the heroes who fought and died from 1939 to 1945 .
Nothing could be further from the truth .
BNP members are the fascists a generation of Britons died fighting against .
We have just started using a new compression algorithm called Courgette to make Google Chrome updates small .
We have built Google Chrome to address multiple factors that affect browser security .
One of the pillars of our approach is to keep the software up to date , so we push out updates to Google Chrome fairly regularly .
On the stable channel these are mainly security bug fixes , but the updates are more adventurous and numerous on developer channel .
It is an anathema to us to push out a whole new 10 MB update to give you a ten line security fix .
We want smaller updates because it narrows the window of vulnerability .
If the update is a tenth of the size , we can push ten times as many per unit of bandwidth .
We have enough users that this means more users will be protected earlier .
A secondary benefit is that a smaller update will work better for users who do n't have great connectivity .
Rather then push put a whole new 10 MB update , we send out a diff that takes the previous version of Google Chrome and generates the new version .
We tried several binary diff algorithms and have been using bsdiff up until now .
We are big fans of bsdiff - it is small and worked better than anything else we tried .
But bsdiff was still producing diffs that were bigger than we felt were necessary .
So we wrote a new diff algorithm that knows more about the kind of data we are pushing - large files containing compiled executables .
Here are the sizes for the recent 190.1->190.4 update on the developer channel :
Full update : 10,385,920 bytes
: 10,385,920 bytes bsdiff update : 704,512 bytes
: 704,512 bytes Courgette update : 78,848 bytes
The small size in combination with Google Chrome 's silent update means we can update as often as necessary to keep users safe .
More information on how Courgette works can be found here
Posted by Stephen Adams , Software Engineer
A self - styled New York hipster is paid a surprise visit by his younger cousin from Budapest .
From initial hostility and indifference a small degree of affection grows between the two .
Along with a friend , they eventually end up visiting their aunt in the wastelands of Cleveland and then proceed to Florida where they lose all their money gambling before unwittingly gaining a fortune .
Written by J.Arnold Free < arnold@mayahtt.ca > and Brian McInnis
In an interesting show of bad timing , the New York Times celebrated Mother 's Day in the US last Sunday by considering why female executives are such obnoxious bullies , most often to other women .
This , according to one executive coach , is " the pink elephant in the room " , too taboo for debate , leaving the NYT to ponder : " How can women break through the glass ceiling if they are ducking verbal blows from other women in cubicles , hallways and conference rooms ? "
It turns out – according to a survey quoted in the article – female bosses are perceived as bullies almost as commonly as male bosses are .
A full 40 % of workplace bullies are women , and 70 % of the time they choose other women as their targets .
This , of course , comes as no surprise to most working stiffs out there .
Bullying from bosses knows no gender and is therefore not constrained by it .
But when it comes to an examination of why women are viewed as bullies , and how their " bullying " behaviour compares to the behaviour of male bosses , it gets a little complicated .
The New York Times article first considers this phenomenon from a pure numbers standpoint .
One reason women bully may be because it 's still excruciatingly difficult for them to break into the upper echelons of the country 's top corporations :
After five decades of striving for equality , women make up more than 50 % of management , professional and related occupations , says Catalyst , the nonprofit research group .
And yet , its 2008 census found , only 15.7 % of Fortune 500 officers and 15.2 % of directors were women .
The article also suggests , though , that gender stereotypes make us more likely to see a female boss as " overly aggressive " than we might perceive a male boss engaging in the same kind of behaviour .
Research on gender stereotyping ... suggests that no matter how women choose to lead , they are perceived as " never just right . "
What 's more , the group found , women must work twice as hard as men to achieve the same level of recognition and prove they can lead .
Yes , OK , fair enough .
But let 's look at it another way : while assertive or aggressive female bosses are more likely to be perceived as bullies , then we can assume that the female employees who largely perceive themselves as targets are also victims of stereotypes .
If female bosses are perceived as bitchy or pushy when they assert themselves too strongly , then female employees are likely to be perceived as whiny or gossipy for complaining about behaviour that feels inappropriate or excessively spiteful or unjust .
This is why lots of woman - on - woman bullying , I believe , never gets reported .
Or , if it does , it gets reported when the working relationship is so bad that at least one of the women involved is on her way out .
Then there 's the issue of the male heads of organisations , the people who often adjudicate bullying complaints .
Many of these men self - identify as either feminist or sympathetic to the feminist movement .
Many have done what they could to help their female employees advance .
They know how hard it is to be a female boss , and because of this they 're likely to support an embattled woman even in the face of multiple accusations of bullying .
First , they may carry around that father complex , the one that makes them want to take care of the ladies who need them ; second , their politics require them to defend the woman from charges of bullying because " it 's just so hard to be a female boss " .
This , we might say , is the soft bigotry of kneejerk feminism .
My sense is that female executives feel a constant pressure to prove their worth , and part of what emerges for many of these women is a pathological need to prove that they 're one step ahead of everyone else , that every good idea comes from them , that the company could n't survive without them .
Fortunately , a change is on the horizon .
The emergence of participatory cultures and new , valued practices means we can – and must – develop new models for formal and informal organisations .
Increasingly , effective collaboration , collective meaning - making , and the ability to tap into expertise distributed across networks of people and tools are far more important than being the single visionary at the head of a company .
The old , single - genius model is less and less relevant , and bosses – male or female – who adhere to this model will bully themselves right out of a job as this social revolution takes hold .
“ [ Studying driving ] turns out to be an excellent way to look at the limits of our attentional abilities , especially as we get older and we start to show significant declines , ” says David Strayer , a psychology professor at the University of Utah .
“ It ’s one of the most direct ways to be able to look at how attention works , how multi- tasking works . ”
The unresolved debate over how to monitor older drivers points to not only the difficulty of regulating an important social activity , but of the underappreciated complexity of driving itself .
Getting behind the wheel of a car may be an everyday activity , but it ’s also the most dangerous and cognitively assaultive thing most of us do , and the only realm in which most people are regularly confronted with split - second , life - or - death decisions .
That also makes it a valuable laboratory for the study of human attention , perception , and concentration - an arena where brain science is turning seeming abstractions into hard knowledge about important life skills .
And yet it also emerges that , as a group , elderly drivers are in far fewer accidents per capita than those in any other age group .
Older people , it turns out , have a second set of skills that helps them make up for the ones that have diminished .
For many people , old age brings a growing awareness of their own limits , and they compensate by driving less and avoiding situations that overtax their abilities .
They do n’t drive fast , or at night , or on the freeway , or during rush hour .
They certainly do n’t text and drive .
Consciously or not , older drivers become savvy at working with what they have .
The risk is real .
While there is a wide variation , people for the most part grow measurably worse at driving as they age .
They experience a steady erosion of physical capabilities like strength , eyesight , and hearing .
And perhaps more importantly , they also lose the specific cognitive skills that driving requires .
Even a healthy aging brain suffers a declining ability to respond quickly , to take in one ’s surroundings and identify potential dangers , and to balance and coordinate all of the different tasks that merely backing out of a driveway can involve .
For all the indignities that the elderly suffer , they are n’t typically accused of being a menace to society .
Until , that is , they get behind the wheel of a car .
Here in Massachusetts , a spate of high - profile accidents involving older drivers - a 92 - year - old man who killed his wife by backing over her in a parking lot , an 88 - year - old woman who allegedly hit and killed a 4 - year - old girl in a crosswalk in Stoughton last month , a 93 - year - old man who mistook the gas pedal for the brake and drove through the entrance of a Danvers Wal - Mart - have triggered calls on Beacon Hill for measures that would take older drivers off the roads as their abilities decline .
Within families , it has heightened anxieties about whether it may finally be time to take the car keys away from elderly parents or grandparents .
And driving is far more than looking ahead on the road :
There ’s the complicated choreography of steering wheel , gas and brake , plus the turn signal , headlights , and windshield wipers ; there might be a clutch , or air conditioning , or a radio .
Drivers have to remember directions , check the mirrors , gauge distances , maintain speed and , not insignificantly , keep in mind where they set out for in the first place .
This rationing works well enough , he points out , until the object in our peripheral vision is something critically important , like a truck running a stop sign - which the eyes might physically see , but the brain never registers .
“ The information about that truck just hits the brain and dissolves , ” he says , and afterward the driver literally has no idea what hit him .
Work by Karlene Ball , a psychologist at the University of Alabama at Birmingham , has found that visual information processing abilities , or the lack thereof , matches up neatly with the likelihood of future crashes .
As we age , we get worse at doing that .
The processing power of the brain declines , and , unconsciously , we begin to ration it .
So stimuli at the margins of vision - information that a younger brain could afford to lavish its ample processing power on - instead get ignored , and the brain ’s energy is saved for the ostensibly more important items directly in front of the eyes .
That simple slowdown is just one part of the interlocked set of thoughts and instincts involved in driving .
Since it is a highly visual activity , the problem of slowing reflexes is compounded by the decline of our powers of perception .
The eyes themselves are partly to blame : age can bring cataracts , glaucoma , and retinal detachment .
But “ seeing ” is mostly a process that takes place in the brain , which stitches tiny snapshots from our constantly roaming eyes into a coherent visual whole .
The human brain remains the most complex computer on earth , but as it gets older , it literally slows down .
The speed at which neurons can convey impulses drops off , and as a result , so do our reflexes .
An 80 - year - old driver who sees a motorcycle dart in front of his car is going to take a potentially fatal split - second longer to hit the brakes than a 30 - year - old driver .
Better understanding how older brains respond to the increasing challenge of driving offers the promise of effectively identifying those people most likely to be a menace , whether they ’re the impaired elderly , or physically adept but heedless teens .
And it offers , as well , an immensely valuable look at how all of us might better mitigate the mental diminishments of age .
Similar tests are starting to be enlisted in the effort to keep potentially dangerous older drivers off the road .
Maryland now includes a battery of tests evaluating aspects of visual processing , executive attention , and working memory as part of its evaluation process for drivers who are reported for non-alcohol - related problem driving - and many of those drivers are elderly .
In Massachusetts , several hospitals offer assessment programs for older drivers whose families are worried about their driving abilities .
In one of the most influential , Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center ’s DriveWise , drivers not only take a road test and have their vision and reflexes examined , they also are given a series of tests covering judgment , insight , memory , attention , and information - processing speed .
In recent years , as cognitive scientists have learned more about the driving brain , they ’ve begun to create tests to monitor the particular mental skills driving demands .
Over the past year and a half , Strayer has been running a study in which he gives subjects a memory and attention test meant to measure executive attention and other frontal cortex abilities .
He then puts them through the paces in a driving simulator .
In results that will be presented at this fall ’s Psychonomic Society conference in Boston , Strayer found that elderly drivers do worse at both tests , and that the cognitive test results and driving results were strongly correlated - as were the test subjects ’ real - world accident records .
To make matters worse , aging also shrinks the part of the brain responsible for “ executive ” functions like coordinating our working memory with our visual processing .
Our frontal cortex , the bulging brain lobe between our temples that governs attention , planning and self - control , does not fully develop until we are in our twenties - that ’s a big part of the reason teenagers ( and teen drivers ) can be so reckless and mercurial .
But from the moment it ’s mature , the frontal cortex begins to atrophy .
According to Strayer , by age 70 it can be 20 percent smaller than it was at its peak , and as a result 70 - year - olds can find it correspondingly harder to keep their minds from wandering .
What can be a harmless and familiar attention gap around the house becomes a dangerous problem in the car .
Balancing all of these things is one of the hardest parts of driving , an unwieldy bundle of tasks that seems unmanageable when you first get behind the wheel , but eventually becomes second nature .
But with old age they start to become hard again .
The problem is , in part , simply one of memory .
“ Working memory ” is the ability to mentally shuffle between several things without totally forgetting any one of them , a capacity that expands in late childhood .
According to Earl Miller , a professor of neuroscience at MIT , young children can , on average , only keep two things in mind at any one time ; for adults the number is usually four to five .
After 65 , however , working memory starts to shrink , settling eventually back around two .
As a result , a 75 - year - old driver is something like a highly preoccupied 40 - year - old driver - someone simply less able to keep track of the myriad tasks driving entails .
If he ’s trying to remember the directions to a new grocery store along with what he ’s supposed to buy there , it ’s far harder to remember that the roads are icy .
Older drivers worry that such tests might pull them off the road prematurely , and even amount to a form of persecution against a demographic that , despite the headlines , causes relatively few accidents .
But Strayer argues that a cognitive test in the driver ’s license renewal process might actually help lift some of the stigma now attached to elderly drivers , and even move the debate away from age itself .
“ There are going to be some people with good frontal cortex functioning who are 70 or 80 and are excellent drivers , and some people who are 60 whose frontal cortex is not functioning as well .
We need to get away from age as the defining criterion , ” he says .
A few psychologists have started to look at whether it ’s possible to do more than just filter out problem drivers , and instead keep them on the road by honing their cognitive performance .
Work by Arthur Kramer of the University of Illinois shows that the decline of abilities like working memory and executive attention can be slowed not only by cognitive exercises but even by moderate physical exercise .
Ball , at the University of Alabama - Birmingham , found that a training program designed to sharpen visual processing cut in half the number of accidents those drivers had in the following six years ; Posit Science , to which she is a scientific advisor , began selling a similar computer - based program earlier this month .
Other researchers in the field are cautiously optimistic about such results .
The lessons we ’re learning from older drivers have implications beyond road safety .
Those who continue to drive into old age do so by adjusting to their limitations , carefully choosing when and where to drive .
Some researchers suggest that such caution also means that fewer of the accidents that older drivers are in are serious , because they occur on smaller roads and at lower speeds .
( Older drivers do have a high fatality rate , more likely because of their physical frailty than the violence of their crashes . )
Some of the measures that older drivers resort to would probably never even occur to a younger driver .
Cindy Lustig , an assistant professor of psychology at the University of Michigan studying cognition and aging , says that many of her elderly test subjects will do a drive - by “ dry run ” in the days before they have an appointment at her lab .
“ They ’ll say , ‘ I drove by yesterday just to make sure I knew where it was at . ’
That way they can establish the route for themselves in a low - pressure situation when they ’re not worrying about the time and so on , ” she says .
There is such a thing as too much caution , of course : driving too slowly on a highway can be as dangerous as driving too fast .
But according to the researchers who study them , the wisdom of the elderly driver consists in treating driving as something dangerous - which , no matter how sharp our skills , it is .
And the lack of this sense , especially in younger drivers , is one of the most dangerous things on the road , as people ignore speed limits , fix their hair in the visor mirror , talk on the phone , or compose an iPod playlist as they drive .
As a growing research literature makes clear , even people at the peak of their abilities are simply not as good at multitasking as they think .
When their attention is siphoned away from the road , their likelihood of crashing jumps up .
A road test published last month by Car & Driver Magazine found that texting behind the wheel degrades our reaction times more than being drunk .
What the brain tells us when tested in the crucible of driving is that even the sharpest thinkers have limits , and that husbanding mental resources is important .
The skills that aging drivers learn are reflected in the rest of their lives as well - older people , for example , do better than younger ones when psychologists give them “ real - world ” prospective memory tests , such as remembering to call a phone number at a particular time on a particular day .
That ’s because older people , cognizant of the gaps in their memory , are more careful to do things like write a reminder in their calendar or put a note up on the refrigerator .
Working within our capacities , it turns out , is an astute strategy no matter what we ’re trying to get our brain to do .
It ’s a lesson that transcends the realm of neurology and starts to sound a lot like wisdom .
Drake Bennett is the staff writer for Ideas .
E-mail drbennett@globe.com .
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
Atif F Qureshi , PKKH Editorial Team | Edited by Talha Mujaddidi
PakistanKaKhudaHafiz.com
Can Pakistan resist Pax Pox Americana ?
When it is said to them : " Make not mischief on the Earth , " they say : " Why , we only want to make peace ! " Holy Qur'an ( 2 - 11 )
Wherever the Americans go , their policies spread poison .
Under the pretext of ' freedom and democracy ' US policy - makers trample over weaker nations , placing and replacing puppet rulers on a whim and propagandising against all aspirations for true independence .
( Stephen Kinzer 's Overthrown is a must book to read in this context ) .
With total control of global media , and their weapons of mass distraction , they are able to crush resistance at the very root - before it even forms in the mind .
Just as Noam Chomsky said , " If the Nuremberg laws were applied , then every post - war American president would have been hanged " .
Yet in spite of the ' fasad - fil - ardh ' that America has unleashed around the world , we still see an unseemly obsession with all things American .
Suffering from a mass psychosis akin to Stockholm - syndrome , even nations traumatised and brutalized by America see only America as possible salvation .
Clearly , American propagandists have done their work well .
Not in Pakistan .
In what can only be described as a clear and hopeful sign that this nation is awakening , recent polls have revealed that the Pakistani public categorically denounces American policies .
A recently conducted poll by PakistanKaKhudaHafiz.com revealed that 89 % of over 1,000 participants were of the opinion that the United States should be declared as a hostile state .
This only reinforces another scientifically conducted poll conducted by the Al - Jazeera network that found that over 70 % of Pakistanis held America to be the greatest threat to the sovereignty and independence of Pakistan - even greater than arch-rival and eternal enemy India .
So great is this a problem for the Americans that when their Generals in the region are quizzed by journalists , they are more likely to be asked about the ' battle for hearts and minds ' rather than actual battles .
But in spite of the feigned concern in Washington , the widespread anti-Americanism is not too great a concern for US policymakers .
After all , as far as the US is concerned , only Pakistan 's puppet leaders need be pro-US - the rest of Pakistan can go to hell .
But in this lies the problem for the US .
As the farcical reality of Pakistan 's democracy is becoming increasingly clear to the public at large , they are turning their ire not just on their puppet leaders , but on their foreign puppet - masters .
And this does not bode well for US 's future plans for the region .
This anti-US mood in Pakistan is nothing new .
It is a mode of thought that is familiar to most Pakistanis - and with good reason .
US - Pak relations have always been fractious - not based on mutual trust and respect but on mutual suspicion and necessity .
Every Pakistani , from street sweeper to industrialist , knows of the infamous incident in the early 1990's when the US failed to deliver to Pakistan dozens of F16 fighter jets that Pakistan had already paid for - and not content with humiliating a proud nation enough , in a final salvo , they instead delivered of all things - wheat .
The Pakistani public were not impressed to say the least .
But that is old hat .
More recently , America has committed a litany of errors that can only lead an objective person to conclude that not only does the US not have Pakistan 's interest to heart , but they are only interested in marginalizing and destabilizing Pakistan through any means possible .
The Pakistani people are not blind .
They see the chicanery clearly :
The ' surge ' in American troops in Afghanistan accompanied a ' surge ' in terrorism in Pakistan .
While the Afghan Taliban never threatened Pakistani sovereignty , since 2001 thousands of innocents have been killed in a wave of suicide bombings in Pakistan that ' coincidently ' , only began after the US invasion and occupation of Afghanistan in 2001 .
The deliberate spread of the Afghan occupation into Pakistan and the treatment of both nations as a single theatre or ' battlefield ' called AfPak .
The notion that both nations are to be treated the same even though one is war - torn and primitive while the other has a sophisticated civic society is laughable , but the idea that American forces can strike into Pakistan with impunity is enough to make the average Pakistani 's blood boil .
Wave after wave of callous and imprecise drone attacks .
These achieve practically nothing while only murdering innocent civilians and riling up the Pakistani public who despair at their feckless government for being complicit in continual violations of the nations sovereignty and dignity .
Since 2001 the US has turned a blind eye towards Indian Intelligence operations from inside Afghanistan designed to destabilize Pakistan .
According to a report published in September 2008 by Brig ( R ) Asif Haroon Raja , India has 14 consulates in Afghanistan from which RAW is operating .
In Wakhan , Badakshan province , RAW is operating a madrassah , where clerics from India are brainwashing local Afghans , Uzbeks and Tajiks .
Their students are then infiltrated into Pakistan where they readily carry out suicide missions and other operations .
This blatant infiltration into Afghanistan by the Indian intelligence apparatus has provided safe haven from which Indian agents attack and destabilize Pakistan 's tribal areas and NWFP .
In another recent report from Foreign Affairs magazine , by Christine Fair of RAND Corporation gives us the inside : " Having visited the Indian mission in Zahedan , Iran , I can assure you they are not issuing visas as the main activity !
Moreover , India has run operations from its mission in Mazar , Afghanistan ( through which it supported the Northern Alliance ) and is likely doing so from the other consulates it has reopened in Jalalabad and Qandahar along the border .
Indian officials have told me privately that they are pumping money into Baluchistan .
Kabul has encouraged India to engage in provocative activities such as using the Border Roads Organization to build sensitive parts of the Ring Road and use the Indo - Tibetan police force for security .
It is also building schools on a sensitive part of the border in Kunar - across from Bajaur ( Pakistan 's Tribal Area where Pakistan Army had to carry out a major operation to eliminate TTP militants ) .
The continual barking by American officials for Pakistan to " DO MORE ! " in spite of the fact that no nation has done or sacrificed more to combat terrorism in its own self - interest .
The number of soldiers martyred , treasure spent and tears of widows and orphans shed is testimony to the truth that those who claim that Pakistan is half - hearted in this effort are liars .
The CIA - sponsored democratic farce whereby American engineered its puppets to sieze the reigns in Pakistan 's recent elections .
For those who still deny that the Pakistani elections were engineered , think for a moment how is it possible that the most corrupt and despised man in Pakistan 's entire history , Asif Zardari would become the president of Pakistan if the elections were truly and fairly democratic ?
Even though our ' popularly elected ' politicians are in the pocket of the Americans , they remain frustrated that certain institutions in Pakistan remain out of their reach .
The black propaganda targeting Pakistan 's patriotic armed forces , intelligence services and nuclear weapons arsenal reveals their obvious intent .
Well - aware that these are the only institutions that truly have Pakistan 's interests to heart , the public do not appreciate the Am - Brit campaign to malign them .
The so - called Indo - US civilian nuclear deal that makes a blatant mockery of the non-proliferation accords , rewarding Indian intransigence and arrogance at the expense of Pakistan 's national security .
The exposure of blatant double - standards is evident as America turns on the weapons tap for India , whom it wishes to turn into its 21st century ' slave soldier ' in order to counter China , while Pakistani officials are left dangling and must debase and humiliate themselves in order to ensure the delivery of a trifling number of F - 16's and helicopters to fight the same enemies that America is sponsoring .
The shielding , protection and nurturing of anti-Pakistan insurgent groups on Pakistani soil by the CIA .
The so - called ' Baluchistan Liberation Army ' ( Read : Finding Clarity in the Baluchistan Conundrum , by Talha Mujaddidi ) and ' Tehrik - e - Taliban Pakistan ' are only a few of many .
All these groups base their insidious operations from inside Afghanistan - which is occupied by the US .
In spite of their indirect control over our media , America will never win the ' battle of hearts and minds ' in Pakistan .
Even though the rise of the so - called ' free media ' in Pakistan has brought to the fore a variety rentashills and rentagobs , self proclaimed pseudo - intellectuals who solemnly insist that Pakistan cannot resist Pax Americana ( Pox Americana would be more appropriate ) , the people are not so gullible as to believe it .
They see the example of Iran and Venezuela , which although not ideal states by any means , at least demonstrate that those who resist American hegemony can still survive and even prosper .
Where there are pockets of resistance , this only demonstrates the existence of an honorable people who are not prepared to compromise on their dignity .
The recent polling is cause for great hope .
It proves what was never in doubt - the Pakistani population will not stand for these US violations of Pakistan 's sovereignty and national interest for much longer .
We know that we fear Allah more than we fear America , but the nation must now realise another profound truth - salvation does not lie in continued cooperation and debasement in front of America , but only in faith in Allah and is His Messenger ( SAW ) .
It is time for this nation to throw off its shackles and re-declare its independence .
Atif F Qureshi is part of the PKKH Editorial Team and also writes for PakDestiny.net
Tracie 's away , so last night I had to watch the premiere of Toddlers & Tiaras .
It was horrifying !
Spoiled brats , fake hair , undermining moms and a 2 - week - old infant in a tuxedo ?!?!
Advertisement
All the contestants were participating in a pageant in Texas where the biggest prize was $ 1000 cash .
That kind of money is nothing to sneeze at , but when you spend $ 2000 on one dress , does it make a dent ?
The most upsetting contestants were six - year - old twins BreAnne and AshLynn Sterling .
Well , they were n't as upsetting as their clearly undermining mom .
Advertisement
She soooo played favorites with BreAnne , who she thinks is the " prettiest " of her five daughters and " looks most like Mommy . "
Later in the show , BreAnne was being a total brat , not listening , being arrogant and rude , but her mother still wanted her to be in the pageant .
Dad Barry finally carried her — screaming and crying — from the venue .
The one you 've got to worry about is poor AshLynn , the " big nose " twin , who is clearly going to become an emotional wreck if she does n't channel the feeling that she 's second banana — which her own mother reinforces .
Eden Wood is four years old and an only child .
Luckily , her mom has " best friends " for her : Hand puppets .
Question :
What 's the difference between a " diva moment " and a tired 4 - year - old ?
What 's the difference between a " diva moment " and a temper tantrum ?
Behold : Cavin , the 2 - week - old pageant contestant .
His brother Cameron was like , " He wants to win really really really badly .
But he does n't know that . "
Also : " His head was kinda titled . "
Eden Wood performed in a Vegas showgirl outfit .
Her mom performed in a blue button - down shirt .
Eden 's coach thought " it was precious . "
Advertisement
After her performance , Eden announced , " I rocked that stage . "
Cavin the 2 - week - old was 4th runner up in the boys division ; and his mom said : " It does make me feel a little better that I can make beautiful babies . "
Cavin 's brother Cameron won Most Handsome and King .
Eden won trophies for Most Beautiful , Best Dressed , Outfit of Choice ( the Vegas ensemble ) and Queen .
Meaning , she won the $ 1000 .
Eden 's dresses cost between $ 2100 and $ 3600 and Eden 's mom has spent — sorry , invested — between $ 65,000 and $ 75,000 on pageants .
So : Congrats .
July 4 , 1821 - -
And now , friends and countrymen , if the wise and learned philosophers of the elder world , the first observers of nutation and aberration , the discoverers of maddening ether and invisible planets , the inventors of Congreve rockets and Shrapnel shells , should find their hearts disposed to enquire what has America done for the benefit of mankind ?
Let our answer be this : America , with the same voice which spoke herself into existence as a nation , proclaimed to mankind the inextinguishable rights of human nature , and the only lawful foundations of government .
America , in the assembly of nations , since her admission among them , has invariably , though often fruitlessly , held forth to them the hand of honest friendship , of equal freedom , of generous reciprocity .
She has uniformly spoken among them , though often to heedless and often to disdainful ears , the language of equal liberty , of equal justice , and of equal rights .
She has , in the lapse of nearly half a century , without a single exception , respected the independence of other nations while asserting and maintaining her own .
She has abstained from interference in the concerns of others , even when conflict has been for principles to which she clings , as to the last vital drop that visits the heart .
She has seen that probably for centuries to come , all the contests of that Aceldama the European world , will be contests of inveterate power , and emerging right .
Wherever the standard of freedom and Independence has been or shall be unfurled , there will her heart , her benedictions and her prayers be .
But she goes not abroad , in search of monsters to destroy .
She is the well - wisher to the freedom and independence of all .
She is the champion and vindicator only of her own .
She will commend the general cause by the countenance of her voice , and the benignant sympathy of her example .
She well knows that by once enlisting under other banners than her own , were they even the banners of foreign independence , she would involve herself beyond the power of extrication , in all the wars of interest and intrigue , of individual avarice , envy , and ambition , which assume the colors and usurp the standard of freedom .
The fundamental maxims of her policy would insensibly change from liberty to force ....
She might become the dictatress of the world .
She would be no longer the ruler of her own spirit .... [ America 's ] glory is not dominion , but liberty .
Her march is the march of the mind .
She has a spear and a shield : but the motto upon her shield is , Freedom , Independence , Peace .
This has been her Declaration : this has been , as far as her necessary intercourse with the rest of mankind would permit , her practice .
The World ’s Worst Sons
SHEIKH ISSA BIN ZAYED AL - NAYHAN
AFP / Getty Images
Dad :
The late former ruler of Abu Dhabi and former president of the United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) , Zayed bin Sultan al - Nahyan
Age : Unknown
Bad behavior : Although he has no formal government position , Sheikh Issa , whose brother Khalifa is the current ruler of Abu Dhabi , is one of the emirate ’s most prominent real estate developers .
He was previously best known for building the Al Hakema tower , a massive complex in honor of his late father .
But thanks to one night in the desert and an ill - advised videotape , Sheikh Issa ’s name is now synonymous with sadism and abuse of power .
A video obtained by ABC News shows a group of men , including the sheikh , torturing an Afghan grain merchant who he accuses of cheating him .
In the video , which was allegedly shot on his desert ranch at night , Issa fires an automatic weapon around the man , stuffs sand in his mouth , sodomizes him with an electric cattle prod , lights him on fire , and pours salt on his bleeding wounds .
The video was given to ABC by one of Issa ’s former business associates , who is suing over various business deals .
The man claims to have evidence of 25 other cases of torture by Issa .
The UAE ’s interior minister — who happens to also be Issa ’s brother — acknowledged that the man on the tape was him .
Issa has been put under house arrest pending investigation , which is extremely rare for a member of the royal family .
It will take a lot more than a skyscraper to erase this stain from the family ’s reputation .
KIM JONG NAM
HO / AFP / Getty Images
Dad : North Korean leader Kim Jong Il
Age : 38
Bad behavior : Growing up ca n’t be easy when your father is an eccentric , nuclear - armed egomaniac , especially knowing that your actress mother was forced to divorce her husband and marry him after the Dear Leader got a crush .
You ca n’t really blame Kim Jong Nam for wanting to get away for a while , but an ill - advised trip to Disneyland proved to be the prodigal son ’s downfall .
In 2001 , Nam , along with his wife and son , was arrested at Tokyo ’s Narita airport for trying to enter Japan with a fake Dominican passport bearing the name Pang Xiong , which means “ Fat Bear ” in Chinese .
He reportedly told police , “ I wanted to go to Disneyland . ”
The incident was a major humiliation for Nam ’s father , who at the time was riding a rare wave of good press after a visit to Europe and a meeting with U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright .
Nam was reportedly being groomed as a possible successor , but fell out of favor after his failed bid to meet Mickey .
Nam ’s younger brother Kim Jong
Un is reportedly now next in line .
A man believed to be Nam gave an interview to a Japanese TV station while on a gambling vacation in Macau last month and said he is “ not interested ” in who will become ruler .
Nam denied he had been exiled , saying he was just in Macau for fun .
HANNIBAL QADDAFI
MORTEN JUHL / AFP / Getty Images
Dad : Libyan leader Muammar al - Qaddafi
Age : 33
Bad behavior : Colonel Qaddafi has changed his tune quite a bit in recent years , leading a diplomatic offensive to remake his country ’s image and improve relations with the West .
But his biggest obstacle in this quest may be his hard - partying son Hannibal , who has cut a swathe of destruction across Western Europe worthy of his namesake .
Hannibal first popped up on police radar screens in 2004 when he was pulled over by Paris police for driving his Porsche 90 miles per hour on the wrong side of the Champs Élysées while drunk .
Hannibal , who was studying business in Copenhagen at the time , was released due to diplomatic immunity .
Two months later , police were called to a Paris hotel after Hannibal started beating his girlfriend .
The younger Qaddafi pulled out a handgun , which was promptly confiscated by police .
After he was released , police were again called when Hannibal started breaking furniture at another hotel .
He was later charged with assault .
Not having learned his lesson about luxury hotels and aggravated assault , Hannibal was arrested in Switzerland last year for beating two of his servants at a hotel in Geneva .
Muammar responded as any concerned father would — by lodging a formal diplomatic protest and expelling Swiss diplomats .
HU HAIFENG
GOH CHAI HIN / AFP / Getty Images
Dad : Chinese President Hu Jintao ( shown right , meeting with Namibian President Hifikepunye Pohamba in better times )
Age : 38
Bad behavior : Until this year , few outside of China had ever heard of Haifeng .
The president of the industrial scanner company Nuctech , he likely used his father ’s connections to make his fortune , winning a lucrative contract to supply security scanners to China ’s airports .
Until this month , he had mostly kept his name out of the papers .
Then , in July , Namibia ’s government named Nuctech as the target of a major corruption investigation .
Namibian prosecutors have accused Nuctech of bribing officials to win a contract to supply the country ’s airports and customs stations with scanners .
Although Haifeng has not been named as a suspect , Namibia ’s prosecutor general has personally traveled to Bejing to request that he testify in the trial as a witness .
The case capped off a bad month for Hu Jintao , who had been forced to return from home from the G - 8 summit in Rome to deal with riots in Xinjiang .
Since news of the scandal broke , there ’s been a near - complete media blackout on the story in China .
The government has reportedly instructed search engines to “ show no search results for all the keywords : Hu Haifeng , Namibia , Namibia bribery investigation , Nuctech bribery investigation , southern Africa bribery investigation . ”
The fact that Haifeng ’s brother - in - law is the founder of China ’s largest search engine should help .
MARK THATCHER
AFP / Getty Images
Mom : Former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher
Age : 56
Bad behavior : The Iron Lady ’s dilettante son first made headlines in 1982 when he got lost in the Sahara Desert for four days while competing in the Paris - Dakar motor rally .
But the accident - prone young man , who failed his accountancy exams three times , later acquired a fortune by parlaying his mother and his heiress wife ’s contacts into a number of lucrative ventures in Africa , the Middle East , and Asia .
In 2004 , Sir Mark was arrested in his home in Cape Town , South Africa , for violating the country ’s anti-mercenary laws by financing an attempted coup in Equatorial Guinea .
Thatcher denies any knowledge of the coup plot but later admitted chartering a helicopter used by the mercenaries , supposedly without any knowledge of their intentions .
He was fined $ 500,000 and left South Africa .
Thatcher has had trouble finding a new place to settle .
He was denied a visa to travel to the United States after admitting his role in the coup , and even Monaco — famously a “ sunny place for shady people ” — denied his application for residency in the midst of a campaign to clean up its image .
At 5.10 am this morning , a climate activist at the protest outside the Vestas plant attempted to take a bag of food to the occupying workers by means of a rope which the workers had lowered from the balcony .
The activist was grabbed by 5 police officers and arrested .
On his release he obtained the police report of his arrest , which stated that the reason for his arrest was that , as his bringing food to the occupiers had the stated intention of prolonging the protest , it was facilitating a breach of the peace – clearly ludicrous as the police have themselves admitted that the protest is not breaching the peace .
At 1248 , a large number of protestors walked through the line of police holding food in their hands which they threw up to the balcony .
The police pushed some of the protestors and attempted to obstruct the line but did not offer substantial resistance .
One protestor was harassed by a security guard , and asked a police officer , whose number was 24266 , if he intended to do anything about it ; the officer said he did n’t .
Another protestor saw a police officer grabbing the arm of an activist as he attempted to throw food to the balcony – the activist told the police officer that this constituted harassment , the police officer took no notice .
A second climate activist was arrested and taken through the front doors of the factory .
Later , a sergeant whose number was 3027 came out and said that no - one had been arrested for carrying food , but that one activist had been arrested for assault .
Other protestors present have commented that as the activist in question , who has not given permission for his name to be released , is a christian pacifist , this seems unlikely .
Security have started putting up a fence around the site , with protestors outside attempting to get a second food - carrying walk - in past the police before its completion .
There are currently around 50 protestors outside the factory , over 30 of them Vestas workers , and sources say they expect numbers to increase drastically around 6 pm when the protest starts .
By Victoria Gill
Science reporter , BBC News
The turtle 's shell is an " evolutionary novelty " Scientists have revealed a spectacular insight into turtle evolution - how the unique animals get their shells .
A Japanese team studied the development of turtle embryos to find out why their ribs grow outward and fuse together to form a tough , external carapace .
Reporting in the journal Science , the researchers compared turtle embryos with those of chicks and mice .
They found that , as turtles developed , part of their body wall folded in on itself forcing the ribs outward .
The team of researchers from the Riken Center for Developmental Biology in Kobe , Japan , described the turtle shell as an " evolutionary novelty " .
It represents such a leap from the soft - bodied ancestors that turtles share with mammals and birds , that scientists have long puzzled over how exactly it came about .
" Other groups have looked into why the shoulder blade in turtles is encased inside the rib cage , " said Olivier Rieppel from Field Museum in Chicago , an expert in reptile evolution who was not involved in this study .
" That makes them unique . "
Body map
This study identified the key event in the development of a turtle embryo that changes its fundamental " body plan " - when the upper part of the its body wall folds in on itself .
No matter how exquisite it may seem , as if it were some sort of magic , evolution is at most a good trick
Shigeru Kuratani
Riken Center for Developmental Biology
This fold produces what scientists refer to as the carapacial disc - a thickening of the deep layer of the turtle 's skin that maps out the position of its shell .
" Once you have this body plan , you have the carapacial disc and all the rest of it follows , " said Dr Rieppel .
In the early embryo , the muscles and skeleton are in similar positions to those of the chicken and mouse , explained Shigeru Kuratani , one of the authors of the study .
As the embryo develops , this folding essentially " re-maps " the turtle 's body - mechanically preventing the ribs from growing inward and holding the shoulder blades in place .
Dr Kuratani explained that some of the connections between developing bones and muscles were the same as in birds and mammals , but there were some , including the pectoral muscles , that " showed entirely unique ( types of ) connectivity in turtles " .
The discovery helps define a position in evolutionary history for a 220 - million - year - old turtle fossil discovered last year in China , which had an incomplete shell that only covered its underside .
The fossil captured an " intermediate step in the evolution of turtles " " The developmental stage of the modern turtle , when the ribs have not encapsulated the shoulder blade yet , resembles the ( body ) of this fossil species , " said Dr Kuratani .
Dr Rieppel , who examined the Chinese fossil when it was discovered late in 2008 , said this study illustrated that the ancient turtle was " basically an intermediate step in the animals ' evolution " .
The scientists do not yet know what causes the folding .
" That belongs to a future project , " said Dr Kuratani .
Stressing the importance of developmental research to evolutionary biology , Dr Kuratani said : " Developmental changes in evolution give rise to an enormous diversity of animal forms . "
" No matter how exquisite it may seem , as if it were some sort of magic , evolution is at most a good trick ... and there is a way to make it work .
" In case of turtle evolution , a major part of the trick was found to be ( this ) embryonic folding . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
EXCLUSIVE :
In a rare gesture , House intelligence committee Chairman Silvestre Reyes sent a letter this week to all CIA employees suggesting that Congress shared some blame for the CIA interrogation controversy and should play a more robust role in the intelligence policymaking process .
The letter , which was sent Wednesday and made available to The Washington Times on Thursday , appeared to undercut remarks by House Speaker Nancy Pelosi that there was little Congress could do about harsh interrogations , including waterboarding .
The Times reported last month that members of Congress , including Mrs. Pelosi , California Democrat , had been briefed on numerous occasions about the interrogation program for high - value detainees .
“ One important lesson to me from the CIA ’s interrogation operations involves congressional oversight , ” wrote Mr. Reyes , Texas Democrat .
“ I ’m going to examine closely ways in which we can change the law to make our own oversight of CIA more meaningful ; I want to move from mere notification to real discussion .
Good oversight can lead to a partnership , and that ’s what I am looking to bring about . ”
The letter both seeks to excuse Democrats who were briefed after Sept. 11 , 2001 , about interrogation techniques such as waterboarding and at the same time suggests that members of Congress cleared to receive highly classified material have a responsibility in the future to let their criticisms be known .
• Click here to read Reyes ’ letter to the CIA on the interrogations controversy ( downloads 3 - page pdf )
The budgeting process for the intelligence community gives members of the oversight committees authority to withhold funding for activities without disclosing classified programs .
Nonetheless , last week , Mrs. Pelosi said of the briefings she received between 2002 and 2006 , “ They do n’t come in to consult .
They come in to notify . ”
In the letter , Mr. Reyes expressed support for rank - and - file CIA employees .
“ In recent days , as the public debate regarding the CIA ’s interrogation practices has raged , you have been very much in my thoughts , ” he said .
“ I write to let you know , without sound - bites or political calculus , my view on this debate and to remind you of my deep gratitude for the work you do each day . ”
A former chairman of the House intelligence panel and its current ranking member , Rep. Peter Hoekstra , Michigan Republican , called the Reyes letter “ unprecedented . ”
“ I ’ve got to believe the feedback they are getting from the community prompted this , ” Mr. Hoekstra told The Times .
“ Here members of Congress knew all about these programs , and here fellow CIA employees are getting thrown under the bus .
From my standpoint , I think it is unprecedented for the CIA to receive a letter like this from a chairman . ”
Mr. Reyes has in the past sent out holiday greetings to the CIA work force .
CIA spokeswoman Marie Harf , when asked whether the letter had been sent to members of the agency work force , said , “ the chairman addressed his letter to the men and women of the CIA , and it will be made known to them . ”
Mike Delaney , staff director for the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence , said Mr. Reyes had not received complaints from the CIA about President Obama ’s decision last month to release Justice Department memos authorizing so - called enhanced interrogation and describing methods that Mr. Obama has banned .
“ No , we ’ve not received complaints from CIA work force , ” Mr. Delaney said .
“ CIA employees , in the chairman ’s experience , typically dont complain .
The chairman , in light of the public discussion , wanted to remind CIA employees of his gratitude for their work . ”
Mr. Hoekstra , who has taken to the media to blast Mr. Obama for releasing the Justice Department memos , said members of the agency have complained to him .
Mr. Obama has urged the nation to look forward with regard to the interrogation practices .
But last month he also contradicted his chief of staff , Rahm Emanuel , leaving open the possibility that political appointees and government lawyers under the previous administration may be prosecuted by the Justice Department for approving techniques that violate anti-torture statutes .
Mr. Reyes wrote , “ I wholeheartedly support the President ’s decision that no CIA officer or contractor will be prosecuted for authorized actions they took in the context of interrogations .
I may disagree with some of what the Agency was asked to do , but I understand that my disagreement lies with the policies , not with the officers executing those policies far from Washington . ”
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Lithium has been established for more than 50 years as one of the most effective treatments for bipolar mood disorder .
However , scientists have never been entirely sure exactly how it operates in the human brain .
Now , new research from Cardiff University scientists suggests a mechanism for how Lithium works , opening the door for potentially more effective treatments .
Laboratory tests on cells have shown that Lithium affects a molecule called PIP 3 that is important in controlling brain cell signalling .
Lithium suppresses the production of inositol , a simple sugar from which PIP 3 is made .
Lithium inhibits inositol monophosphatase ( IMPase ) an enzyme required for making inositol .
Importantly , this research shows that increasing the amount of IMPase causes higher levels of PIP 3 .
This can then be reduced by lithium treatment .
High levels of IMPA2 , a gene for a variant of IMPase , has previously been linked to bipolar mood disorder .
This new result suggests that Lithium could counteract the changes in IMPA2 .
Professor Adrian Harwood of Cardiff School of Biosciences , who led the research , said : " We still cannot say definitively how Lithium can help stabilise bipolar disorder .
However , our research does suggest a possible pathway for its operation .
By better understanding Lithium , we can learn about the genetics of bipolar disorder and develop more potent and selective drugs .
" Further , altered PIP 3 signalling is linked to other disorders , including epilepsy and autism , so this well established drug could be used to treat other conditions .
Research into Lithium could become very important over the next few years . "
Lithium is currently under clinical trial for the treatment of neurogenerative disorder amyotrophic lateral sclerosis ( ALS ) .
The research , funded by the Wellcome Trust , is published in the journal Disease Models and Mechanisms .
There ’s nothing quite like the experience of popping open an icy cold can of Tactical Bacon after hunting vegans all day in the sun .
Yum .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Grapes grown in the region make Italy 's famous Montepulciano d'Abruzzo wine
By Stephanie Holmes
BBC News , Ortona
Warmed by the sun , the famous Montepulciano d'Abruzzo grapes are slowly sweetening in vineyards that slope gently towards the sea .
It seems an unlikely scene for a battle .
Yet the fight over the future of this tiny patch of land in central Italy symbolises the conflict between the country 's need for energy and its goal - affirmed once more at the G8 summit in the same region - to reduce its use of carbon - based fuels and protect the environment .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Italy is one of the most energy - dependent states within the G8 - importing at least 80 % of its oil and gas needs .
It sources some 7 % of its energy needs from oilfields within Italy , and the Abruzzo region is believed to have untapped supplies beneath its mountains , olive groves and beaches .
In the coastal town of Ortona , the struggle between an oil giant , local politicians and entrepreneurs on the one hand and web - savvy campaigners , residents and agriculturalists on the other over plans for an oil refinery in the middle of a prime , wine - producing land has reached a tense stalemate .
FIND OUT MORE ...
One Planet is broadcast on the BBC World Service Find out when you can listen where you are Subscribe to the podcast or , if you are in the UK , you can listen again on the BBC iPlayer
One Planet on Flickr Walking along a white - pebbled beach lined by dense bamboo , Elga Tenaglia , a campaigner in her 30s , gestures out across the Adriatic Sea .
" I see these cargo ships - oil ships , I call them - and it disturbs me , " she says .
" Before , when I saw the sea I could breathe , I could relax .
Not any more .
Now I see them and it makes me think that things are about to change . "
From wine to oil
For years , the Italian oil giant ENI - one of the biggest firms in the country - has invested in this region , uncovering potential oil reserves off the coast and inland .
ENI has bought some 12 hectares of land near Ortona Campaigners from the conservation group WWF claim that now 50 % of the region is being explored for oil - right to the edge of its vast national parks , home to a rare species of bear .
Just a few miles up the coast from the beach , ENI - in which the government holds a 30 % golden share - has bought some 12 hectares of prime vineyard .
Supported by local politicians and businessmen keen to bring much - needed investment to the region , they chose this site to build an oil centre .
It was , according to local officials , to be a desulphurisation plant , the first stage of purifying and filtering crude oil .
Oil on ice Down a bumpy track between rows of vines that overlook the sea , I find Lina , a 60 - year - old farmer who sold some of her land to the oil company .
Spray - painted to the wall of a store in the middle of the vineyard there is a message , telling ENI to " get out " .
But , she tells me , she was under no pressure to sell her land , that it was a collective decision made by the farmers .
" They say it 's bad , this oil centre .
Is it bad ?
They 're not going to build it now , are they ? " she asks , confused .
When it is over there wo n't be a future - no sea , no hills , no green .
I do n't want that - not for me but not for anyone else either .
I 'd fight this battle anywhere
Elga Tenaglia , campaigner
In May , ENI did indeed quietly announce that it would not go ahead with the Ortona plant .
The news came as it announced plans to invest in the nearby University of L'Aquila - the city devastated by April 's earthquake .
It pledged to look into the viability of building a heating plant , partly fuelled by biomass and " based on rigorous environmental sustainability standards " near the town .
But , so far , despite repeated requests , it has refused to clarify its future plans for the Ortona site .
For the mayor of the town of Ortona , with a population of 23,000 and a faltering tourism industry , the company 's decision to put the project on ice is a disaster .
I meet Nicola Fratino under the clock of the small town 's main square , as swallows dive overhead .
He does n't hide his fury at how a project he worked on for years has disappeared into thin air .
" It 's a tragedy for this town , " he says .
" We 've chased away the 16th largest corporation in the world from this region , we 've said no to a company that wanted to invest 600 million euros here , we 've lost 1,000 jobs and entrepreneurs like myself - and hundreds of others - are going to suffer massively . "
Allegations Campaigners allege that a firm linked to Mr Fratino , called Bonefra , stood to gain directly from ENI 's presence in the region .
They claim he won two contracts worth a total of more than one million euros from ENI .
It is a claim he denies .
ENI has refused to comment on the allegations .
" First of all , I 'm a shareholder , not a CEO of the firm .
Bonefra - a company which , by the way , I only hold shares in , I 'm not the CEO , never got a single contract - not for a million euros , not even ...
Listen , we took part in about 50 bids and I think we might have won one to manage the transfer of goods in the port for about four or five thousands euros , no more . "
Mr Fratino insists it is a fight between sets of legitimate interests
He said the plant would have brought valuable jobs to the region , as well as the massive investment the oil firm would have made to compensate for the environmental impact .
He even expresses grudging admiration for the work of campaigners - spearheaded by Italo - American physicist Maria - Rita d'Orsogna - whose flurry of blog postings , video clips and public meetings succeeded in raising public awareness of the project .
But why , I ask Ms Tenaglia , should Italy 's pretty countryside be spared this fate for other places in the world to supply the country 's energy needs ?
" The other day I read that they were going to build a refinery in the middle of the rainforest .
And I thought - why am I complaining about what is happening here , in Abruzzo ? " she says .
" But this oil , it 'll be here for 20 years and then what ?
When it is over there wo n't be a future - no sea , no hills , no green .
That 's it .
I do n't want that - not for me but not for anyone else either .
I 'd fight this battle anywhere . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Rare Buddhist treasures , not seen for more than 70 years , have been unearthed in the Gobi Desert .
The historic artefacts were buried in the 1930s during Mongolia 's Communist purge , when hundreds of monasteries were looted and destroyed .
The relics include statues , art work , manuscripts and personal belongings of a famous 19th Century Buddhist master .
The leader of the search team , Michael Eisenriegler , described it as an " adventure of a lifetime " .
A total of 64 crates of treasures were buried in the desert by a monk named Tudev , in an attempt to save them from the ransacking of the Mongolian and Soviet armies .
They belonged to Buddhist master Danzan Ravjaa and only Tudev knew where they were hidden .
He passed on the secret to his grandson who dug up some of the boxes in the 1990s and opened a museum .
The current Austrian - Mongolian treasure hunt team found two more boxes .
Mr Eisenriegler told the BBC World Service they were filled with " the most amazing Buddhist art objects " .
" It is of tremendous value for Mongolian culture because Buddhism was almost extinct in the Communist times , especially in the 1930s .
" I 'm totally exhausted right now but I 'm also totally impressed with what I 've seen . "
The latest finds will be put on show at the Danzan Ravjaa Museum in Sainshand , 400 km ( 250 miles ) south of the Mongolian capital , Ulan Bator .
About 20 boxes remain hidden in the desert .
Computing Thoughts
What I Learned at EuroPython
by Bruce Eckel
July 3 , 2009
Summary
People who 've made the switch to dynamic languages seem much , much happier .
I was a bit out of sorts from jet lag and travel in general when I entered the Birmingham UK conference and suddenly a wash of good feelings poured over me .
" Ahh ! Python Programmers ! "
Advertisement
I worked long and hard on my two presentations and the audience was extremely appreciative .
Many people came up to me during the rest of the conference and said how much they enjoyed both the keynote and the metaprogramming talk .
It really makes it worth your efforts to know you 've made a difference .
I also sat on a panel chaired by Steve Holden about open - spaces style conferences .
The other two panelists had primarily worked with Bar Camps , but you could tell from their enthusiasm that they'd had the same experience I have , of the magic of letting go and allowing everyone to create the best conference possible .
Naturally , the first thing we did was pull chairs into a circle and turn the thing into ( almost ) a conversation ( since we were primarily answering questions ) .
I immediately noticed the change in feeling from " presenting to an audience " to the connectedness of having a discussion .
As much as I enjoy speaking to an audience , once you 've experienced an open - spaces style event , you do n't want to do anything else .
All the " eyes - forward " ( non-open - spaces ) presentations have audio recordings and the slides are downloadable ; see the EuroPython site for availability .
Originally more space was available for open - spaces sessions but the conference unexpectedly expanded with more talks and more people so we were limited to one room ( but in the spirit of open spaces , we got creative and appropriated any other spaces we could find as necessary ) .
Because of the down economy , the organizers ( this is a community - organized conference , all volunteer ) expected less than 380 people , but got over 430 , a tribute to both the growing popularity of Python and the low cost and high appeal of user - organized conferences .
Indeed , whether or not the economy improves next year it looks like the conference will outgrow the venue ; it was already tight ( like Pycon in the US , the pattern seems to be to reserve a space for two years at a time , apparently for economic advantages ) .
Steve Holden ( head of the PSF , the Python Software Foundation ) and I spontaneously decided that I should shoehorn my short Introduction to Open Spaces in at the front of my keynote because the open spaces started right afterwards and had n't had a lot of entries .
Whether because of that or the nature of the conference , they filled and often overflowed .
I ended up attending two very valuable sessions and by request held a session called " So You Want to Write a Book " about the perils and difficulties of book publishing .
The first open - spaces session I attended was on the MoinMoin wiki system .
It appeared that the whole core team was in attendance , willing to answer any questions , and it pretty much convinced me that I should move the Python book over to MoinMoin , even if it means changing the markup .
The barriers to entry have been too great so far .
Despite having around 100 volunteers , using Sphinx and Mercurial create too much of a hurdle for most people to contribute , and I suspect it makes contributing seem too " intimidating and important , " so it is n't moving forward the way I want .
Converting to a wiki will , I think , put it much more into the hands of the group and unstick the project .
The second open - spaces session I attended was on Kamaelia , which is a very different approach to solving the concurrency challenge .
This was convened by Kamaelia 's creator .
The question he asked was at the other end of the spectrum from things like " how do we prevent deadlock ? "
Instead , it was " what programming model is easiest for people to grasp and use " ( which , of course , is the Pythonic way to look at the problem ) .
His observation was that people make very effective use of Unix pipes and filters without knowing anything about concurrency , so Kamaelia is a system that allows you to create concurrent " filter " components with an easy way to wire such components together in sequence and in parallel .
I found this approach quite compelling ; one particularly attractive aspect is the ability to quickly wire together components for rapid testing and partial system building .
Right now Kamaelia 's concurrency is all process - based , but the use of threads ( which would still be isolated like processes , but would just utilize threads if it helped performance ) is a future consideration .
I think Kamaelia is worth further exploration .
The other session that stood out to me was Mark Ramm 's overview of TurboGears 2 , which was recently released .
TurboGears takes the attitude that creating all the individual components of a web framework is too hard and that you can't get the best results that way .
Instead , best - of - breed components are selected from what 's out there by discovering the superior work that people have accomplished by specializing in a particular arena ; an outstanding example is SQLAlchemy , which continues to look like the best object - relational mapping that anyone has created .
By using WSGI ( Web Services Gateway Interface , part of recent Python releases ) in TurboGears 2 , swapping components in and out is even easier , and that 's what they 've done -- out of the box , the group of components is the best for most projects , but you can easily change out a component if the default does n't meet your needs .
I 've dabbled a bit with TurboGears 1 in the past , but Mark 's presentation has rekindled my interest .
I need to find Python hosting for MoinMoin , so perhaps this will give me the opportunity to use TurboGears as well .
One thing I found puzzling was that the Brits consistently apologized for and / or denigrated Birmingham .
I did n't find it unpleasant at all ; parts were quite attractive and charming .
Maybe if you live in Europe it raises your expectations for a place .
PS : I 'm posting this from inside the RailAir bus on the way from the Reading train station to Heathrow .
Having wireless on a bus is pretty cool , but by using it I 'm not paying attention to the beautiful English countryside so it's a mixed benefit .
Talk Back !
Have an opinion ?
Readers have already posted 13 comments about this weblog entry .
Why not add yours ?
RSS Feed
If you 'd like to be notified whenever Bruce Eckel adds a new entry to his weblog , subscribe to his RSS feed .
About the Blogger
Bruce Eckel ( www.BruceEckel.com) provides development assistance in Python with user interfaces in Flex .
He is the author of Thinking in Java ( Prentice - Hall , 1998 , 2nd Edition , 2000 , 3rd Edition , 2003 , 4th Edition , 2005 ) , the Hands - On Java Seminar CD ROM ( available on the Web site ) , Thinking in C++ ( PH 1995 ; 2nd edition 2000 , Volume 2 with Chuck Allison , 2003 ) , C++ Inside & Out ( Osborne / McGraw - Hill 1993 ) , among others .
He 's given hundreds of presentations throughout the world , published over 150 articles in numerous magazines , was a founding member of the ANSI / ISO C++ committee and speaks regularly at conferences .
This weblog entry is Copyright © 2009 Bruce Eckel .
All rights reserved .
Guests Include : Don Siegelman , Dennis Kucinich , Igor Volsky , AKMuckraker ...
Brad Friedman Byon 7/23/2009 , 2:08 pm PT
[ Now updated with audio archives ... ]
Malloy caught a bug , so he 's asked me to fill in as Guest Host tonight and tomorrow on the The Mike Malloy Show .
I 'll be ' Bradcasting ' LIVE tonight from L.A.'s KTLK am1150 from 9 pm - Midnight ET ( 6 p - 9 p PT ) .
Hope you 'll listen in !
Among our scheduled guests so far tonight ...
Malloy 's show is nationally syndicated on a number of air affiliates around the country , also on Sirius Ch. 146 & XM Ch. 167 , or listen to the free online stream here or here !
This item will be tonight 's Open Show Thread , hosted , as always , by the never - cranky Agent 99 .
See ya tonight !
* * *
POST - SHOW UPDATE , AUDIO ARCHIVES :
Well that was a lively show !
Audio archives of all three " hours " ( about :36 mins each with commercials removed , courtesy of Ben Burch at WhiteRoseSociety.org ) follow below ... and are worth listening to , again , and again , and again , sez me .
Enjoy !...
HOUR 1 : Rep. Kucinich and Igor Volsky on healthcare reform .
Download MP3 or listen online below ...
HOUR 2 : Gov. Don Siegelman with the latest news ( and outrage ) in the case against him .
John Bonifaz on election reform .
Download MP3 or listen online below ...
HOUR 3 : Finishing up with Bonifaz , and the rest of the hour with AKMuckraker ( now ' outed ' as Jeanne Devon ) on quitter Sarah Palin .
Download MP3 or listen online below ...
Photos from state news agencies show them exchanging pleasantries as others look on , with hints of trepidation on some faces .
There 's still a sea of bad blood between these guys , and it would n't be surprising if some sitting nearby stiffened up , fearing the worst .
Do n't be fooled by the smiles .
Everyone in Tehran 's political circles is buzzing about the awkward encounter Monday between President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and Ayatollah Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani , reportedly the first time the pair were under the same roof in months .
Rafsanjani ( at far left in photo ) and Ahmadinejad ( front row , center ) , who by all accounts share mutual and extreme animosity , sat with just Sadegh Larijani separating them .
The occasion was the inauguration of Larijani as the country 's new judiciary chief .
Rafsanjani , who chairs the powerful Expediency Council and the Assembly of Experts , skipped Ahmadinejad 's inauguration this month and backed opposition figure Mir-Hossein Mousavi in the disputed June 12 presidential elections .
Rafsanjani , who chairs the powerful Expediency Council and the Assembly of Experts , skipped Ahmadinejad 's inauguration this month and backed opposition figure Mir-Hossein Mousavi in the disputed June 12 presidential elections .
Before the election , Ahmadienejad called Rafsanjani a crook on live television .
The two have been at loggerheads since 2005 , when Ahmadinejad beat Rafsanjani for the presidency .
Despite the apparent exchange of pleasantries , Ahmadinejad did n't try to gloss over his differences with Rafsanjani .
" We should join hands to eliminate corruption ... and respectfully act against those who institutionalize the culture of breaking the law in the society , " he said , according to state television .
" If we can do this then acting against lower - ranking people is not a problem . "
Ahmadinejad and other officials in his government hurriedly exited the proceedings before Rafsanjani began to deliver his speech , according to the Mehr news agency , skipping the closing of the ceremony .
The Iranian Labor News Agency said Ahmadinejad also arrived 68 minutes late to the ceremony .
The famous and well - connected Larijani clan despises Ahmadinejad as reckless , arrogant and coarse .
" Nobody should allow himself and dare to rule against the law to deny the citizens their rights , " Larijani said in his speech .
" Such [ lawbreakers ] should bear in mind that they will be brought to justice soon , and I will show no mercy to offenders in this important mission , " he added .
Many are wondering whether he 'll follow through on such vows or roll over when confronted by radicals such as Ahmadinejad and his circle , who appeared to repeatedly cow Larijani 's predecessor , Mahmoud Hashemi Shahroudi , into submission .
If the president was more passionately engaged in the fight to achieve the goal ( instead of announcing he 's rather have something bipartisan than legislation that , you know , actually gets the job done ) , and Congressional leaders were more focused on actually getting us affordable health care instead of placating the insurance lobby and other members of Congress , this would be a moot point .
But they 're not .
And if the Democrats had shown they 're actually looking out for us , and not their powerful sponsors , we would n't be having this discussion .
What the president does n't seem to understand is , to us , this is an economic Hurricane Katrina .
The water is rising and we 're stranded on the roof , praying and waiting for help .
Seems to us that you 're more interested in looking bipartisan than getting us off the roof .
Do n't you know how scary it is , watching the water rise ?
Are you actually telling us to wait on the roof and mind our manners ?
Mr. President , will you help us - or the insurance lobby ?
History has shown that you can't do both .
President Obama , strategizing yesterday with congressional leaders about health - care reform , complained that liberal advocacy groups ought to drop their attacks on Democratic lawmakers and devote their energy to promoting passage of comprehensive legislation .
In a pre-holiday call with half a dozen top House and Senate Democrats , Obama expressed his concern over advertisements and online campaigns targeting moderate Democrats , whom they criticize for not being fully devoted to " true " health - care reform .
" We should n't be focusing resources on each other , " Obama opined in the call , according to three sources who participated in or listened to the conversation .
" We ought to be focused on winning this debate . "
Specifically , Obama said he is hoping left - leaning organizations that worked on his behalf in the presidential campaign will now rally support for " advancing legislation " that fulfills his goal of expanding coverage , controlling rising costs and modernizing the health system .
Remember when candidate Obama 's campaign was urging big donors and other contributors to give directly to his campaign instead of liberal activist groups ?
I did n't trust it then , and I do n't trust it now .
I 'm not all that interested in allowing what is far too often a corporatist , right - leaning agenda to go unchecked .
That said , there 's a legitimate case to be made that we should focus on positive goals rather than negative attacks .
I 'm not saying I agree ( certainly not in all circumstances ) , but we could at least have a reasonable discussion about that .
( In fact , I just had one the other day from a friend who 's working in health care reform , and she said the same thing .
But see , I trust her . )
In the call , leaders of both chambers expressed optimism that they will hold floor votes on legislation to overhaul the $ 2.2 trillion health system before Congress breaks in early August .
For his part , the president vowed to use his strong approval rating with voters to continue making the case for sweeping reform , according to one congressional staffer with knowledge of the conversation .
Obama also hinted that efforts are under way to discourage allies from future attacks on Democrats , according to the source , who did not have permission to speak on the record about the discussion .
" Sweeping " ?
I think that word does not mean what he thinks it means .
Because until we sweep greedy insurance companies out of their seats at the right hand of the throne , this will be a reform in name only , just like Massachusetts .
I wonder how they 're going to " discourage " us ?
Cut off our internet access ?
Photo by Thomas Neff .
増田聡さん（id:smasuda）が非常勤講師を務める神戸大学発達科学部の「表現の政治学」で課したレポート課題がすさまじくいかしている。
文化的生産物の 「 オリジナリティ 」 と「模倣」の関係について新たな角度からの視点を獲得するために、文章テキストの作成過程に特殊な制約を設けた下記の課題を受講生に課することとする。
そ の 「 特殊な制約」とは何か。
完全な 「パクリ」レポートとして作成せよ。書物や新聞記事、インターネット上に存在する任意の既存の文章を探し、組み合わせ、テーマ１の内容を過不足なく満たしたレポートを完成させること。その際、自分で独自に執筆した文章を一字一句たりとも交えてはならない。
うぉお〜っ！ これはすごい（笑）。さすが漢増田！ これは確か に 「
新たな角度からの視点を獲得」につながるだろう。パクリレポート問題が言われるようになって久しいが、それを逆手にとったユニークさに脱帽である。
増田さんには何年もお会いしてないが、お達者そうで何よりである。
The idea of locally grown produce as nowhere near as green as its proponents seem to think it is .
by Brian Dunning
Filed under Consumer Ripoffs , Environment , Fads
Skeptoid Podcast # 162
July 14 , 2009
Podcast transcript | Subscribe
Listen :
https://skeptoid.com/audio/skeptoid-4162.mp3
Today we 're going to be politically incorrect again and point our skeptical eye at another sacred cow : Locally grown produce .
Particularly in the United States , but in many other countries as well , one of the newest and fastest growing market segments is locally grown produce .
The claims are that locally grown produce is less wasteful of fuel because it does n't need to be delivered over long distances ; it 's fresher for the same reason ; and it supports a small local organic farmer instead of an immoral megacorporation that sources food from cheap overseas producers .
I discussed one of these claims , about local delivery burning less fuel , in a May 2009 entry on SkepticBlog.org .
It must have been pretty inflammatory , because it generated a huge number of comments .
Most of them followed this pattern :
The commenter begrudgingly agreed with the mathematics of the delivery question , but then claimed that I missed the point completely because the real reason to like locally grown produce has nothing to do with a low carbon footprint of minimal delivery miles .
I 'm not sure I buy that — virtually everyone I 've ever asked says that 's what locally grown is all about — but hey , I 'm fair , we 'll give them all a voice here .
First , let 's give a brief overview of the mathematics of local delivery .
Think of the traveling salesman problem .
This is where you speckle a map with all sorts of random locations .
The traveling salesman 's problem is to find the shortest possible driving route , called a tour , that visits each of the locations .
It 's among the most computationally difficult problems in mathematics .
But there 's a cool piece of free software by Michael LaLena that finds one efficient solution using a genetic algorithm .
Try to stump it with a pattern of hundreds of dots that you think will be hard to connect , and the software blows your mind with a surprisingly simple tour that visits all the locations .
Many years ago I did some consulting for a company that was then called Henry 's Marketplace , a produce retailer built on the founding principles of locally grown food .
Henry 's had evolved from a single family fruit stand into a chain of stores throughout southern California and Arizona that sold produce from small , local farmers .
Part of what I helped them with was the management of product at distribution centers .
This sparked a question : I had assumed that their " locally grown produce " model meant that they used no distribution centers .
What followed was a fascinating lesson where I learned part of the economics of locally grown produce .
In their early days , they did indeed follow a true farmers ' market model .
Farmers would either deliver their product directly to the store , or they would send a truck out to each farmer .
As they added store locations , they continued practicing direct delivery between farmer and store .
Adding a store in a new town meant finding a new local farmer for each type of produce in that town .
Usually this was impossible : Customers do n't live in farming areas .
Farms are usually located between towns .
So Henry 's ended up sending a number of trucks from different stores to the same farm .
Soon , Henry 's found that the model of minimal driving distance between each farm and each store resulted in a rat 's nest of redundant driving routes crisscrossing everywhere .
What was intended to be efficient , local , and friendly , turned out to be not just inefficient , but grossly inefficient .
Henry 's was burning huge amounts of diesel that they did n't need to burn .
So , they began combining routes .
This meant fewer , larger trucks , and less diesel burned .
They experimented with a distribution center to serve some of their closely clustered stores .
The distribution center added a certain amount of time and labor to the process , but it still accomplished same - day morning delivery from farm to store , and cut down on mileage tremendously .
Henry 's added larger distribution centers , and realized even better efficiency .
Today their model of distributing locally grown produce , on the same day it comes from the farm , is hardly distinguishable from the model of any large retailer .
Compare the traveling salesman 's simplified tour to a tangle of crisscrossing bicycle spokes , and the inefficiency of direct delivery between farm and store becomes acutely clear .
If we want to minimize the carbon footprint of the entire food cycle , eliminating direct delivery is the easiest place to make the biggest gains .
So , right off the bat , the main reason most people prefer locally grown produce is shot down , and shot down in big flames .
But let 's turn to the SkepticBlog commenters and see what people had to say .
As did a number of readers , Ian pointed out that you have to consider the total price .
Not just the cost of distribution , but also the cost of the retailer 's wholesale purchase .
Total them all up , and in some cases it might be cheaper to buy from ridiculously far away :
... Wal - Mart [ buys ] fruit from South Africa , coffee from Kenya , etc .
Flying this produce around the world is clearly using more fuel than even an inefficient model for distributing food locally .
The efficiency comes not from reducing fuel usage , but from paying significantly less for the produce .
This was underscored by another poster , " Old White Guy " :
As someone who spent a good chunk of his life controlling distribution for several large companies , I can say the only thing that matters is getting the product to the point of sale as inexpensively as possible .
If that [ means ] the cheapest wine in the store comes from another continent , so be it .
This suggests that it some cases , huge container - sized purchases might still be cheaper for the large retailer , even though their delivery produces a lot of wasteful emissions , and their production might be with some god-awful third - world high - pollution child - labor dogs - and - cats - living - together environmental disaster .
That might be true in some cases , but those would be the exception , not the rule .
Most of the time , produce is cheaper from those countries because the native growing conditions are much better for that particular crop .
Tomatoes flourish in Spain but require heated greenhouses in the United Kingdom , and so the overall energy efficiency of growing them in Spain and transporting them overseas to the UK is actually better .
A number of people who disagreed with my article repeatedly referenced Michael Pollan 's book The Omnivore 's Dilemma .
Pollan devotes one of the book 's four sections to the practices of holistic cattle farmer Joel Salatin .
One of Salatin 's rules is that , in the interest of a minimum carbon footprint , he wo n't ship his beef at all ; customers have to drive to him to pick it up .
While I applaud Salatin for having the right idea and the right motivations , I do n't believe he thought through this particular point very critically .
Salatin should instead design practices that more directly address his desire :
He should allow only shipments that use a minimum amount of fuel per pound of beef delivered .
Instead , he adopts a rule that might put hundreds of cars and vans on the road , each delivering only a few pounds of beef .
Salatin 's solution is emotionally satisfying and makes for a fine sound bite , but its underlying science is flawed and counterproductive to his stated goals .
The elephant in the room on Joel Salatin 's farm is that his near - total self - sufficiency methods require an outrageous 550 acres to support only 100 head of cattle and a herd of pigs , plus some turkeys and chickens .
Most of the acres are used to grow the feed and raw materials the animals require .
I did n't find any valid defense of this , and Pollan 's book simply avoids the issue .
Typically , pasture - fed cows require half an acre each , so Salatin is using about ten times as much land as he should [ Correction :
This is true only in places with the best conditions .
550 acres could support anywhere between zero and 1,000 head of cattle , depending on where it is . – BD ] .
Such wasteful land usage might work well in the case of a high - end boutique retailer like Joel Salatin , but it 's clearly well beyond the limits of practicality for the world 's real food needs .
The overall picture is often a lot more complicated than simply " locally grown " .
Let 's say you want sheep or dairy products , and you live in New York .
Where are those products going to come from ?
Certainly not from anywhere local .
If you get them from a state or two away , which is about as local as possible , what went into their production ?
A lot of feed , for one thing .
But spin the globe and look at New Zealand .
New Zealand has the world 's most efficient sheep and dairy industries , and one big reason is their climate and conditions that allow year - round grazing .
According to the New York Times :
Lamb raised on New Zealand 's clover - choked pastures and shipped 11,000 miles by boat to Britain produced 1,520 pounds of carbon dioxide emissions per ton while British lamb produced 6,280 pounds of carbon dioxide per ton , in part because poorer British pastures force farmers to use feed .
In other words , it is four times more energy - efficient for Londoners to buy lamb imported from the other side of the world than to buy it from a producer in their backyard .
And yet many of the same people who are so vocal about a minimum carbon footprint consider this massive net energy savings to be immoral because it includes overseas transport .
Why ?
Is it a geopolitical preference ?
Is it a matter of supporting farms from your own country instead of sending money overseas ?
OK , fine , that 's an absolutely valid point of view .
But if your true motivations are political , do n't greenwash them and claim that you 're really interested in environmental science .
If it 's support for small business , if you 'd rather support someone like Joel Salatin than a megacorporation like Wal - Mart , that 's also an absolutely valid point of view .
Just call it what it is instead of greenwashing it and claiming environmental awareness .
To get the premium boutique experience , Salatin 's customers burn way more gas per pound of beef delivered than do Wal - Mart 's container ships from New Zealand .
If you have other reasons to object to Wal - Mart 's New Zealand beef , fantastic ; just be aware of what your objections really are .
It 's more intellectually honest , it 's more insightful , you 'll learn more , and you 're not being disingenuous .
Do n't get me wrong , I love farmers ' markets .
We go to our local one sometimes and it's a fun family event for us .
We love the giant , wonderful tomatoes and strawberries that you can't get at the supermarket .
But I understand that farmers ' markets are more of a community experience than an efficient ( or " green " ) way to buy food .
The real reasons to enjoy your farmers ' market have nothing to do with it being somehow magically environmentally friendly .
Too often , environmentalists are satisfied with the mere appearance and accoutrements of environmentalism , without regard for the underlying facts .
Apply some mathematics and some economics , and you 'll find that , more often than not , a smaller environmental footprint is the natural result of improved efficiency .
By Brian Dunning
Follow @BrianDunning
Followings are the list of post in this blog –
· Energy Mix Strategies for oil importing country
· Glass recycling –
An effective way to save energy and environment
· Desert Solar Power – Future of environmentally clean and sustainable Energy
· Solar power – Energy that is most sustainable to protect our economy and environment
· Bio-degradable plastics – key for improvement of environment
· R&D priorities in biotechnology are essential to take care of post - Kyoto challenges
· Global Warming - Each one degree rise in the temp … one Megaton atom bombs !!!
· Biotechnology and industrial sustainability in producing clean industrial products
· Characteristics of Pollutants from Car Exhaust and suggested solution
· Biotechnology for development of sustainable clean technology - Strategies
· Deforestation for food and fuel – A devastating consequence of overpopulation
· Solar Power – Development in new technology making it economically competitive
· Co- Generation Power Plant means to provide heat , power and environmental benefits
· Environmental protection using Biotechnology – An overview
· Energy security – ‘ Clean Coal ’ has potential to change the world …
· Biotechnology to address many global environmental concerns
· Energy security and reduction of greenhouse gases for cleaner environment
· Green coal for power -
To take care of post - Kyoto issues …
· Faster ocean warming due to climate change … .
· Thinning of ozone layer – Effective checking would reduce global warming ...
· Biotechnology in agriculture – Bid to eradicate hunger …
· Abnormal rise in greenhouse gas , methane , .. causing Arctic ice to vanish ..!!
· Coal is Essential for Energy Security – Strategies to enlarge supply base & reduce environmental impacts
· Pollution problems of plastics - Strategies to reduce the environmental impact
· Recycling of waste plastics –
To be done in an environment - friendly manner
· Degradation of Marine Environment – Mitigation Management is Essential
· Marine pollution due to growing of coastal population
· World Environment Day – 5th June , 2008
· Methane from Biogas - A renewable source of green energy to be encouraged to generate
· Energy from Sewage – Renewable energy to be tapped to make environment green
· Renewable energy is green energy
· Bacteria that effectively transform plastic waste into a useful eco-friendly plastic
· A pollution - free coal based electric power plant – Futuristic view and Skepticism
· ‘ Carbon sequestration ’ - Greatest challenge of clean coal technology
· ‘ FutureGen ’ project - to design , build and operate a nearly emission - free coal - based electricity and hydrogen
· ‘ Clean Coal Technology ( CCT ) ’ – methods to remove pollutants from coal
· Clean coal technology ( CCT ) – To mitigate Global warming and climate change
· Emerging trends in improving Blast Furnace ( BF ) performance of ironmaking – ..
· Environment - friendly COREX® , FINEX ® and MIDREX ® Ironmaking processes – …
· World Environment Day
· Adoption of environment - friendly Green Technology in various fields is need - of - the - hour
· Go Green and Save Green – Few suggestions
· Environment - friendly organic food :
Should we buy or bypass ?
– Discussion
· Conserve Energy to save our Environment – Few suggestions
· Human health vis-a - vis degradation of global environment
· Reduce Reuse Recycle – Effective way to go green economically – Conservation of Energy
· Kyoto protocol –
An initiative taken by various nations to limit emission of greenhouse gases
· Bio-fuel , climate change due to global warming – fueling hunger to grow
· Source Reduction of waste – Stopping waste before it starts – way to enhance environmental cleanliness
· Office waste reduction – Enhances profitability and promotes greener environment
· Waste reduction in production process and reduction in use of raw materials gives significant effect on profitability and promoting cleaner environment
· Sustainable packaging and packaging waste reduction – means to promote cleaner environment
· Reduce waste to save environment and money
· Plastic bags –
Its recycle and reuse can mitigate the environmental problem
· The greatest adverse impact of Deforestation is Greenhouse effect
· Future carbon footprint reduction for power generation – Ways to mitigate emission
· Carbon footprints of power generation using various technologies – … for selecting clean technology
· Carbon footprint – Its reduction means to tackle global warming
· Paper Recycling - Helps create something useful out of nothing – Measure for upliftment of our Environment
· Oil Spill and its adverse effects on marine bio-system and environment
· Adverse Impacts of Road Traffic exhaust on Human Health and Mitigation measures
· Mitigation of energy crisis due to high petroleum prices – Renewable energy sources are the answer
· Wind Energy – Renewable energy by harnessing wind power – Answer for Emission problem
· Population displacement ( migration ) due to environmental degradation
· Degradation of Environment vis-a-vis Growth in Population
· Population growth – Effect on food supplies and environment
· Expected impacts of global warming – would certainly be very harmful and dangerous
· Climate Change Science – Global warming – an overview
· Rise in global warming - Ocean might have become ' saturated ' with our emissions
· Sewage disposal and its treatment – the ultimate recycling of used water
· Coke making process and its environmental impacts
· Carbon Dioxide Emission by Combustion Fuels
· Nanoparticle with carbon nanotubes based solar cells - more efficient and practical
· Solar Cell – Renewable and Cleanest Energy Source
· Case studies regarding the yield of rice and tea and other good news about Organic Farming
· Assessment of benefits of organic farming
· Organic farming and green revolution – conversion to organic is need - of - the - day
· Organic farming is essential to upgrade the general environmental condition
· Hybrid vehicle made urban transport system more fuel efficient with less pollution
· Hydrogen vehicles - future road vehicle system to tackle oil security and environment problem
· Environment - friendly Hydrogen Fuel Cell , its challenges and its efficiency
· Water pollution by industries and its effects
· Recycling is essential for improving environmental degradation
· The adverse effects of global warming
· Discussion on advantages of environment - friendly Nuclear power over fossil fuel and hydropower
· Some of the ways to promote waste reduction
· Waste disposal – A burning problem to be resolved to save environment
· Sodium - Sulfur ( NaS ) battery possesses immense advantages to tackle environmental pollution problems
· Environment friendliness of modern steel
· Coal - bed methane ( CBM ) drainage – Environment - friendly & safer system for coal mines operation
· Pollution from Oil refineries
· Interrelationship of population , environment and development
· Conservation and protection of environment
· Fundamentals of prevention and control of air pollution
· Water pollution , its prevention and control
· Soil erosion and its prevention
· Occupational Hazards / diseases due to expose in dusty and polluted air
· Fundamentals of our environment and environmental problems
· Bio-Ethanol is a renewable fuel to be blended with gasoline
· Bio-diesel - an effective renewable alternative fuel to petro-diesel
· Environment - friendly Hydrogen gas as fuel in fuel cell and its challenges
· Options of various alternative fuels for motor vehicles
· Benefits and shortcomings of Battery operated Electric Motor Vehicles ( EMV )
· Factors to be considered for development of alternative & renewable fuel systems for motor vehicles
· Pollution from Motor vehicles and its control measures
· Global warming and greenhouse gasses
· Environmental impact of mixed fertilizer plant
· Pesticides and its associated risk on ecology and environment
· Environment - friendly Corex process of iron and steel making
· Carbon emission from bio-fuels
· Noise barriers are to mitigate highway noise pollution
· Environmental pollution in coal mining and its mitigation measures
· Fludised Bed Combustion ( FBC ) technology uses coal washery rejects / fines for power supply
· Pollution associated with coal washeries for beneficiation of coal
· Example of plantation done in mined out site – A case study
· Ship - breaking industry :
One of the most hazardous and polluted industry needs to be rectified soon
· Dust control systems in coal handling plant
· Measures taken to mitigate environmental impacts while concreting for construction
· Dust in cement industry : Its prevention
· “ Coal Dust Explosion ” in Coal fired Cement plant – Its prevention
· Environment - friendly Blended cement – Eases pressure on Industrial waste disposal
· High performance Coal - fired ‘ Supercritical Power plants ’
· Guidelines for making City Green
· Planned city development emphasizes value of environment and heritage
· Planned urban developments – way to improve environment in cities
· Importance of Urban green cover in improving environmental standard
· Importance of Forests
· Water pollution by power plants – affects marine life adversely
· Use of Fly ash - in cement making etc .
· Nuisances of fly - ash generated by coal - fired power plant
· Coal - fired power plants and pollution
· Control of Air pollution by controlling Particulate Matters
· Air pollution by Particulate matters ( Fine and Coarse Dust particles )
· Community initiatives on protection of environment
· We seek your help to save environment
· Mechanism of Adverse Impact of Smoke Pollutant
· Major Areas in Environment Engineering
· Air pollution by Industry
Not an adaptation of beat writer William S. Burrough 's novel but a mix of biography and an interpretation of his drug - induced writing processes combined with elements of his work in this paranoid fantasy about Bill Lee , a writer who accidentally shoots his wife , whose typewriter transforms into a cockroach and who becomes involved in a mysterious plot in North African port called Interzone .
Wonderfully bizarre , not unlike Burrough 's books .
Written by Keith Loh < loh@sfu.ca >
Here ’s a time - lapsed video showing the Manhattan Bridge creaking and yawing under the weight of subway cars .
It ’s actually kind of pretty and , yes , duh , of course bridges are n’t completely fixed and immovable .
But still it ’s a little disconcerting to see just how much these old things shift .
Remember a couple years ago when that thing in Minnesota happened and everyone was all “ America ’s infrastructure is crumbling and we ’re all doomed ” ?
Via Gawker
In United States history , the story of Native Americans is predominantly tragic .
Settlers took their land , misunderstood their customs , and killed them in the thousands .
Then , during World War II , the U.S. government needed the Navajos ' help .
And though they had suffered greatly from this same government , Navajos proudly answered the call to duty .
Communication is essential during any war and World War II was no different .
From battalion to battalion or ship to ship - everyone must stay in contact to know when and where to attack or when to fall back .
If the enemy were to hear these tactical conversations , not only would the element of surprise be lost , but the enemy could also reposition and get the upper hand .
Codes ( encryptions ) were essential to protect these conversations .
Unfortunately , though codes were often used , they were also frequently broken .
In 1942 , a man named Philip Johnston thought of a code he thought unbreakable by the enemy .
A code based on the Navajo language .
Philip Johnston's Idea
The son of a Protestant missionary , Philip Johnston spent much of his childhood on the Navajo reservation .
He grew up with Navajo children , learning their language and their customs .
As an adult , Johnston became an engineer for the city of Los Angeles but also spent a considerable amount of his time lecturing about the Navajos .
Then one day , Johnston was reading the newspaper when he noticed a story about an armored division in Louisiana that was attempting to come up with a way to code military communications using Native American personnel .
This story sparked an idea .
The next day , Johnston headed to Camp Elliot ( near San Diego ) and presented his idea for a code to Lt. Col.
James E. Jones , the Area Signal Officer .
Lt. Col. Jones was skeptical .
Previous attempts at similar codes failed because Native Americans had no words in their language for military terms .
There was no need for Navajos to add a word in their language for " tank " or " machine gun " just as there is no reason in English to have different terms for your mother 's brother and your father 's brother - as some languages do - they 're just both called " uncle . "
And often , when new inventions are created , other languages just absorb the same word .
For example , in German a radio is called " Radio " and a computer is " Computer . "
Thus , Lt. Col .
Jones was concerned that if they used any Native American languages as codes , the word for " machine gun " would become the English word " machine gun " - making the code easily decipherable .
However , Johnston had another idea .
Instead of adding the direct term " machine gun " to the Navajo language , they would designate a word or two already in the Navajo language for the military term .
For example , the term for " machine gun " became " rapid - fire gun , " the term for " battleship " became " whale , " and the term for " fighter plane " became " hummingbird . "
Lt. Col. Jones recommended a demonstration for Major General Clayton B. Vogel .
The demonstration was a success and Major General Vogel sent a letter to the Commandant of the United States Marine Corps recommending that they enlist 200 Navajos for this assignment .
In response to the request , they were only given permission to begin a " pilot project " with 30 Navajos .
Getting the Program Started
Recruiters visited the Navajo reservation and selected the first 30 code talkers ( one dropped out , so 29 started the program ) .
Many of these young Navajos had never been off the reservation , making their transition to military life even more difficult .
Yet they persevered .
They worked night and day helping to create the code and to learn it .
Once the code was created , the Navajo recruits were tested and re-tested .
There could be no mistakes in any of the translations .
One mistranslated word could lead to the death of thousands .
Once the first 29 were trained , two remained behind to become instructors for future Navajo code talkers and the other 27 were sent to Guadalcanal to be the first to use the new code in combat .
Having not gotten to participate in the creation of the code because he was a civilian , Johnston volunteered to enlist if he could participate in the program .
His offer was accepted and Johnston took over the training aspect of the program .
The program proved successful and soon the U.S. Marine Corps authorized unlimited recruiting for the Navajo code talkers program .
The entire Navajo nation consisted of 50,000 people and by the end of the war 420 Navajo men worked as code talkers .
The Code
The initial code consisted of translations for 211 English words most frequently used in military conversations .
Included in the list were terms for officers , terms for airplanes , terms for months , and an extensive general vocabulary .
Also included were Navajo equivalents for the English alphabet so that the code talkers could spell out names or specific places .
However , cryptographer Captain Stilwell suggested that the code be expanded .
While monitoring several transmissions , he noticed that since so many words had to be spelled out , the repetition of the Navajo equivalents for each letter could possibly offer the Japanese an opportunity to decipher the code .
Upon Captain Silwell 's suggestion , an additional 200 words and additional Navajo equivalents for the 12 most often used letters ( A , D , E , I , H , L , N , O , R , S , T , U ) were added .
The code , now complete , consisted of 411 terms .
On the battlefield , the code was never written down , it was always spoken .
In training , they had been repeatedly drilled with all 411 terms .
The Navajo code talkers had to be able to send and receive the code as fast as possible .
There was no time for hesitation .
Trained and now fluent in the code , the Navajo code talkers were ready for battle .
On the Battlefield
Unfortunately , when the Navajo code was first introduced , military leaders in the field were skeptical .
Many of the first recruits had to prove the codes ' worth .
However , with just a few examples , most commanders were grateful for the speed and accuracy in which messages could be communicated .
From 1942 until 1945 , Navajo code talkers participated in numerous battles in the Pacific , including Guadalcanal , Iwo Jima , Peleliu , and Tarawa .
They not only worked in communications but also as regular soldiers , facing the same horrors of war as other soldiers .
However , Navajo code talkers met additional problems in the field .
Too often , their own soldiers mistook them for Japanese soldiers .
Many were nearly shot because of this .
The danger and frequency of misidentification caused some commanders to order a bodyguard for each Navajo code talker .
For three years , wherever the Marines landed , the Japanese got an earful of strange gurgling noises interspersed with other sounds resembling the call of a Tibetan monk and the sound of a hot water bottle being emptied .
Huddled over their radio sets in bobbing assault barges , in foxholes on the beach , in slit trenches , deep in the jungle , the Navajo Marines transmitted and received messages , orders , vital information .
The Japanese ground their teeth and committed hari - kari .*
The Navajo code talkers played a large role in the Allied success in the Pacific .
The Navajos had created a code the enemy was unable to decipher .
* Excerpt from the September 18 , 1945 issues of the San Diego Union as quoted in Doris A. Paul , The Navajo Code Talkers ( Pittsburgh : Dorrance Publishing Co. , 1973 ) 99 .
Bibliography
Bixler , Margaret T. Winds of Freedom : The Story of the Navajo Code Talkers of World War II .
Darien , CT : Two Bytes Publishing Company , 1992 .
Kawano , Kenji .
Warriors : Navajo Code Talkers .
Flagstaff , AZ : Northland Publishing Company , 1990 .
Paul , Doris A. The Navajo Code Talkers .
Pittsburgh : Dorrance Publishing Co. , 1973 .
The court said adults were free to make lifestyle decisions
The supreme court in Argentina has ruled that it is unconstitutional to punish people for using marijuana for personal consumption .
The decision follows a case of five young men who were arrested with a few marijuana cigarettes in their pockets .
But the court said use must not harm others and made it clear it did not advocate a complete decriminalisation .
Correspondents say there is a growing momentum in Latin America towards decriminalising drugs for personal use .
The Argentine court ruled that : " Each adult is free to make lifestyle decisions without the intervention of the state . "
Supreme Court President Ricardo Lorenzetti said private behaviour was legal , " as long as it does n't constitute clear danger " .
" The state cannot establish morality , " he said .
The initiative has been supported by the government - Congress is expected to introduce amendments to the current drug laws .
But the court said it was not advocating a complete decriminalisation of the drug - a move possibly aimed at deflecting criticism from the Church and conservatives , says the BBC's Candace Piette in Buenos Aires .
The eight - page statement also called for a comprehensive policy against illegal drug trafficking .
Health fears
The move has been criticised by some campaign groups who say it will encourage damaging behaviour and lead to health problems .
" There will be an increase in the drug trade and the people that fall into addiction will not , unfortunately , access treatment , " Claudio Izaguirre , director of the Argentine Anti-drugs Association told Reuters .
" My country does n't have the necessary health coverage for what will happen , " he said .
Argentina 's move follows rulings by several other countries across the region , including Venezuela , Ecuador and Colombia .
Last week , Mexico enacted a law decriminalising possession of small amounts of drugs , including cocaine and heroin - the country is in the midst of a drugs turf war which has claimed more than 11,000 lives in the last three years .
The aim of such moves is to enable police to focus their efforts on the big criminals in the drugs trade rather than dealing with petty cases , says our correspondent .
But it also marks a shift a dramatic regional shift to the decades - old US - backed policy of running repressive military - style wars on the drug trade , she adds .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Nicholson Baker of the venerable New Yorker decided to try out Amazon 's Kindle to see if it was really the future of reading .
He wrote a whopping 6,300 words on the subject , but allow me to summarize : it sucks .
Advertisement
His complaints are many , and almost all justified : the grey screen is too grey , there are n't enough books available , stuff other than the text ( such as pictures ) do n't come through well , its newspaper subscriptions leave entire articles out and reading on it just is n't a pleasurable experience .
Hell , he does n't even bring up the whole remote - deletion thing ; that must have happened after they went to print .
Advertisement
All in all , it 's a pretty damning takedown of Amazon 's flagship device .
Sure , you can dismiss some of his arguments ( textbooks look terrible on the Kindle 2 , but they probably look better on the DX ) , but taken as a whole , it sure does n't leave you wanting to buy one .
And he discovers things I certainly did n't know about it , like its shoddy newspaper conversion .
It 's enjoyable if you like reading Nexis printouts .
The Kindle Times ( $ 13.99 per month ) lacks most of the print edition 's superb photography - and its subheads and call - outs and teasers , its spinnakered typographical elegance and variety , its browsableness , its Web - site links , its listed names of contributing reporters , and almost all captioned pie charts , diagrams , weather maps , crossword puzzles , summary sports scores , financial data , and , of course , ads , for jewels , for swimsuits , for vacationlands , and for recently bailed - out investment firms .
A century and a half of evolved beauty and informational expressiveness is all but entirely rinsed away in this digital reductio .
Sometimes whole articles and op - ed contributions are n't there .
Three pieces from the July 8 , 2009 , print edition of the Times - Adam Nagourney on Sarah Palin 's resignation , Alessandra Stanley on Michael Jackson 's funeral , and David Johnston on the civil rights of detainees - were missing from the Kindle edition , or at least I have n't managed to find them ( they 're available free on the Times Web site ) ; the July 9th Kindle issue lacked the print edition 's reporting on interracial college roommates and the infectivity rates of abortion pills .
I checked again on July 20th and 21st : Verlyn Klinkenborg 's appreciation of Walter Cronkite was absent , as was a long piece on Mongolian shamanism .
The Kindle DX ( $ 489 ) does n't save newspapers ; it diminishes and undercuts them - it kills their joy .
It turns them into earnest but dispensable blogs .
Like I said , damning .
His solution to people who want a digital version of their books ?
Buy an iPhone or iPod touch .
I 'm not sure I agree with that , as I 'm still a sucker for paperbacks , but it makes sense .
Do we really need a device solely for reading books when so many of us have perfectly capable book - reading devices in our pockets right now ?
But man , Amazon can't be happy with the timing of this article , especially one of this scope coming from The New Yorker , a publication that is read by the heart of the Kindle 's potential customer base : well - heeled literary nerds .
It 's pure coincidence that it dropped the week after Orwellgate , but it sure seems like the honeymoon is over with the Kindle .
It 's just not the device that is going to convince everyone to jump on the eBook bandwagon .
Sure , it 's got its fans , but regular books are still safe , for now .
[ The New Yorker ]
* Cumberland Pharma price IPO $ 17 / share , below estimate
* Cumberland to start trading Tuesday on Nasdaq
NEW YORK , Aug 10 ( Reuters ) - Cumberland Pharmaceuticals Inc CPIX.O priced its initial public offering below the estimate range on Monday , but broke a nearly two - year drought for IPOs in the pharmaceutical sector .
Cumberland priced its shares at $ 17 apiece , raising $ 85 million in the first IPO by a pharmaceutical company since ARYx Therapeutics Inc ARYX.O went public in November 2007 , according to Thomson Reuters data .
Nashville , Tennessee - based Cumberland , which specializes in hospital acute care and gastroenterology , had expected shares to price between $ 19 and $ 21 each , according to a recent filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission .
In June , Cumberland received FDA approval for its Caldolor pain and fever treatment .
It also markets and sells Acetadote , an injection that treats poisoning from acetaminophen , the active ingredient in many pain relievers , and Kristalose , a laxative .
Net of underwriting fees , the IPO will yield Cumberland about $ 75 million , which Cumberland said in a recent filing it would use to fund potential acquisitions and the commercial launch of Caldolor .
Sales for the quarter ended on March 31 , 2009 were $ 9.4 million , up 13.2 percent from a year earlier , with a profit of $ 1.2 million .
The deal 's underwriters , led by UBS Investment Bank UBSN.VX , Jefferies & Co JEF.N and Wells Fargo Securities WFC.N , have the option to buy up to 750,000 additional shares .
Cumberland is set to begin trading on Tuesday on Nasdaq under the symbol “ CPIX . ” ( Reporting by Phil Wahba ; editing by Andre Grenon )
As Lost fans are already well aware — or should be , anyway — the show 's creative team gave its final presentation at Comic - Con over the weekend , dropping hints about what 's to come when Lost wraps up next year .
Details from the panel are available from our own Todd VanDerWerff , here .
Full video of the panel can be found on YouTube , or embedded on Doc Arzt 's Lost Blog .
But if you just want to see the choicest bits of video prepared especially for the panel , here they are :
That first piece is a commercial for the Hurley - owned fast food franchise Mr. Cluck's .
The second ( shot from the Comic - Con audience ) is an America 's Most Wanted segment about Kate .
Both offer some interesting teases for what the explosive Season Five finale may have wrought .
Advertisement
Also new from Lost - ville : A new set of videos , posted monthly on abc.com , revealing secrets of The DHARMA Initiative via a fake ' 80s In Search Of … - style show .
Promises to be fun .
Here 's episode one :
What was the housing market like in 1997 at the bottom of the last price crash ?
Will history repeat itself ?
Asking Price : $ 245,000
Address : 199 Pineview Irvine , CA 92620
{book3}
This fed time outta town pie flipper
Turn cristal into a crooked I sipper
Everbody want to be fast , see the cash
Ca n’t Nobody Hold Me Down — Puff Daddy
Is the FED working to feed flippers ?
Everybody wants to get that fast money …
I have written about the bottom of the market on a number of occasions including : The Market Bottom Is Not a Price Point , The Market Bottom and Fundamentals at a Market Bottom .
Today I want to take a more detailed look at the market conditions present last time and extrapolate those conditions to today .
What were the market conditions in 1997 at the last market bottom ?
The market peaked in the spring of 1990 at $ 245,000 .
In early 1997 , the median was $ 223,750 .
It dropped for 7 consecutive years ( The data series is a bit noisy , but the lowest low was recorded at $ 192,750 in May of 1994 ) .
There where bear rallies almost every year similar to what we are seeing now .
The median household income was $ 62,022 .
The median home price was $ 223,750 .
Mortgage interest rates were at 7.6 % .
Rates had been steadily falling since 1982 .
If a borrower puts 20 % down on a $ 223,750 home , they are putting $ 44,750 down and borrowing $ 179,000 .
The payment on $ 179,000 at 7.6 % interest is $ 1,263.87 .
This amount represents 24.4 % of the median household ’s $ 62,022 income .
Think about that : in 1997 , a family making the median household income could buy a median home with a payment that was less than 25 % of their income .
One of the erroneous contentions real estate bulls have made over and over again is that the median household income could never buy a median home .
That is simply nonsense .
Twenty percent down was the norm in 1997 , but what about the first - time buyers who were only putting 3 % down with an FHA loan ?
They would have put down $ 6,712 , borrowed $ 217,037 , and they would have had a payment of $ 1,532 .
This payment would have been 29.6 % of their income .
By any standard , houses were affordable in 1997 .
So what would these same market conditions which prevailed in 1997 look like today ?
The median household income in 2008 was $ 91,101 .
I doubt it went up since then .
The current mortgage interest rate is about 5.25 % ( It fluctuates wildly lately ) .
If a family making the median household income were to put 24.4 % of a $ 91,101 income toward a payment , they could make a payment of $ 1,852.39 .
That payment would finance $ 335,452 .
A 20 % downpayment of $ 83,864 combined with the $ 335,452 loan would yeild a median home price of $ 419,316 .
If the people in 2009 were putting the same percentage of their income toward housing as those who bought in 1997 , the median home price in Irvine would be $ 419,316 .
House prices did not go up by magic .
People were utilizing crazy loan products that allowed them to borrow unbelievable sums , and they stretched beyond the limit to borrow these massive sums .
The collapse of these loan products has already resulted in a huge decline in borrowing .
People are still stretching to an insane degree and putting very large downpayments to keep our median at $ 550,000 .
As those with large downpayments spend themselves , and as people stop stretching to buy depreciating assets , the median will continue to fall .
Keep in mind that the $ 420,000 median we should be seeing is only supported by artificially low interest rates .
As I described in Real Estate ’s Lost Decade , if interest rates go back up to their historically stable levels of near 8 % , the amounts financed drop even further .
What would happen if incomes were to remain flat and interest rates were to rise to 8 % by the summer of 2011 ?
( This probably will not happen , but it could . )
Using all the same parameters and an 8 % interest rate yields a median home price of $ 315,561 .
If you knew the median household income went up about 50 % from 1997 to 2008 ( $ 62,000 to $ 91,000 ) , would n’t you suspect house prices would also have gone up 50 % ( $ 223,750 to $ 335,625 ) ?
Is it logical to think house prices can go up more than incomes ?
How are people capable of bidding up house prices higher than their incomes would allow ?
If lending standards retreat to 1997 standards ( which they have ) , should n’t the relationship between income and price also mirror 1997 characteristics ?
When I was interviewed recently at the Irvine Homes Blog ( Blogger : Irvine housing market nowhere near bottom ) , I said that I believed the Irvine median would bottom near $ 375,000 , particularly if interest rates rose to 7 % - 8 % .
When you look at the math , and look at the history , the crazy number that I threw out looks reasonable and even conservative .
{book3}
A year in review : 1997 .
2 Silveroak Irvine , CA 92620 , Sold $ 302,500 , Price : $ 1,039,900
3 Shadowglen Irvine , CA 92620 , Sold $ 517,000 , Price : $ 1,399,000
14 Crestwood Irvine , CA 92620 , Sold $ 358,500 , Price : $ 1,250,000
15182 Marne Cir Irvine , CA 92604 , Sold $ 274,000 , Price : $ 788,000
166 Oval Rd # 4 Irvine , CA 92604 , Sold $ 97,000 , Price : $ 299,900
5 Highland Vw # 8 Irvine , CA 92603 , Sold $ 175,000 , Price : $ 499,000
Asking Price : $ 245,000
Income Requirement : $ 61,250
Downpayment Needed : $ 49,000
Purchase Price : $ 98,500
Purchase Date : 11/12/1997
Address : 199 Pineview Irvine , CA 92620
Beds : 1 Baths : 1 Sq. Ft. : 932 $ / Sq. Ft. : $ 263 Lot Size : 763 Sq. Ft. Property Type : Condominium Style : Other Stories : 2 Floor : 1 View : Lake , Pond Year Built : 1977 Community : Northwood County : Orange MLS# : S579050 Source : SoCalMLS Status : Active On Redfin : 18 days
Affordable Resort - Style Living .
Two - story townhome ( no one above or
below ) nestled in a tranquil environment overlooking lake , stream , and
mature trees .
Premium private location , best in tract with unobstructed
views .
Open floor plan with vaulted ceilings .
Generous living room with
fireplace , open to cozy dining area .
Large bedroom loft with full bath .
Beautiful lakeside patio .
Spacious laundry / storage room with washer and
dryer hookups .
Move - in condition , with brand new carpet and modern
ceramic tiles throughout .
Association features pools , hot tubs , tennis
courts , and is within walking distance from shopping , parks , and
schools .
nestled and cozy … I feel all warm and tingly …
This property was purchased on 11/12/1997 for $ 98,500 .
The owner used a $ 95,150 first mortgage and a $ 3,350 downpayment .
He never refinanced nor took out any HELOCs !
If he gets this asking price — which does n’t seem very likely — he will make $ 131,800 after a 6 % commission .
{book2}
I profiled this second property recently in the post The Lenders Are The Market .
It was also a 1997 purchase , so I am repeating it here today .
Asking Price : $ 130,000
Income Requirement : $ 32,500
Downpayment Needed : $ 26,000
Purchase Price : $ 62,500
Purchase Date : 10/29/1997
Address : 228 Orange Blossom # 34 , Irvine , CA 92618
Beds : 1 Baths : 1 Sq. Ft. : 471 $ / Sq. Ft. : $ 276 Lot Size : – Property Type : Condominium Style : Other Stories : 1 Floor : 1 View : Creek / Stream Year Built : 1976 Community : Orangetree County : Orange MLS# : F1786080 Source : SoCalMLS Status : Active On Redfin : 275 days
Charming end unit .
Lower level one bedroom with full bathroom and
kitchen .
Inside laundry .
Living room and patio area overlooking water
stream and soothing sounds of a waterfall .
1 car port .
Association has
pool , spa , tennis courts and clubhouse .
Excellent location next door to
Irvine Valley College .
Near 5 and 405 Freeways , Irvine Spectrum
Entertainment Center , Business District , Shopping .
Located in Building
# 12 .
This property was a classic “ put ” to the bank .
The owner paid $ 62,500
on 10/29/1997 using a $ 35,000 first mortgage and a $ 27,500 downpayment .
She only borrowed against the property once during the bubble taking
out a $ 20,000 loan in late 2003 — that is until 7/23/2007 when she took
out a $ 212,000 first mortgage .
Her timing was great because two weeks
later the credit crunch hit , and financing these properties became
significantly more difficult .
So which owner do you think was wiser ?
The one who did not HELOC the property stands to make a smaller profit , but he will retain good credit .
Or do you think it is the owner who HELOCed every penny out of the property and walked away was wiser ?
The year 2009 is halfway through and already we ’ve seen some great stuff being published , created , and predicted that could have a major impact in the future .
Each of the eight items were chosen because they could influence how every one of us communicates , learns , and lives more so than any other discoveries so far in 2009 .
What ’s that ?
You ’re not a science or techie person ?
It does n’t matter , you and everyone else are going to be affected because of the work and ideas brought forth below .
So , pay attention .
We start with some exclusive , never before public news from NASA , very fitting as today is the 40th anniversary of the Apollo 11 launch .
1. NASA starts project Nebula ( new exclusive information ) Nope , this is n’t another space probe .
This is the government giving a head nod to cloud computing .
They ’ve wisely hired a few seasoned Internet entrepreneurs to command the mission at NASA Ames and take NASA data into the cloud .
That much has been known since May .
Last week I had dinner with Chris Kemp ( CIO , NASA Ames ) and some of the Nebula team .
Here ’s what Kemp agreed to reveal publicly for the first time :
” NASA collaborates with hundreds of universities , commercial partners , and other federal and international partners .
The NASA Nebula cloud computing platform will dramatically increase the efficiency and productivity of these collaborations . ”
How it affects you :
If you ’re a NASA collaborator or want to become one , then get ready .
As for every day citizens , you too will reap the rewards of Nebula via the research performed .
There ’s also been a lot of speculation that Nebula will power data sets other than just NASA ’s , such as data.gov .
Is this true ?
Let ’s put it this way .
Their focus , for now , is on NASA ’s data .
The rest is my opinion only : imagine the possibilities if we had a national or even international cloud computing platform .
Remember that it was originally a similar government project called ARPANET that gave rise to today ’s Internet .
This could be BIG for science , tech , and planet Earth .
Hurdles to jump : Kemp and team must first get this rolling with NASA before opening it up to outsiders .
And it ’s government , so there ’s a lot of bureaucracy and red tape to cut through to get this done and costs down .
President Obama and Vivek Kundra ( Federal CIO ) , if you ’re listening , then help this team out by cutting that tape and give them carte blanche funding to get it done .
More info : Official NASA Nebula website – Follow Nebula on Twitter
2 . The ozone has been saved – sort of
Ever ask yourself what the ozone layer and our planet would look like today if we had n’t passed some of those pesky environmental laws back in the 1980’s ?
Researchers , led by Paul Newman , at NASA ’s Goddard Space Flight Center and elsewhere asked “ What would have happened to the ozone layer if chlorofluorocarbons ( CFCs ) had not been regulated in 1987 ? ”
This was an important and difficult to answer question , until this year .
I reached Dr. Newman for a comment to let us know the most important message from this research :
“ If chlorofluorocarbons had not been regulated by the Montreal Protocol , two - thirds of the ozone layer would have been destroyed by the year 2065 with a consequent increase of surface ultraviolet radiation to extreme levels . ”
How it affects you :
While the conclusions were based on computer models , the importance of environmental policy cannot be overstated , and now we have proof that policy does work .
Oh , and your grandkids will get to play outside in 2065 .
Even by 2020 it would have been pretty nasty without SPF 3 billion lathered on .
Check out these neat simulations , such as the image above .
Hurdles to jump :
As you may know , we still have a slight problem with a thing called “ Global warming . ”
Lots to do in order to reduce carbon emissions .
More info : Original study
3 . This one is obvious : H1N1 , the “ Swine Flu ”
Unless you were somehow vacationing off of Earth for the past four months , you ’ve undoubtedly heard about the influenza virus H1N1 .
It set off a firestorm in the media , gave Google a boost in highlighting its FluTrends , and the World Health Organization initially delayed then finally classified H1N1 as a pandemic on June 11th .
And there are some odd similarities with the flu of 1918 , which killed 40 - 100 million people and also reared its head in the Spring before the real pandemic .
How it affects you :
For starters , you could die , but that really is n’t different than any other flu year , so do n’t panic .
In fact , it actually seems to be weaker than other flu strains , but more widespread , hence the classification as a pandemic .
This virus does seem to behave differently than other versions of the flu , so we do n’t quite know what will happen once it returns for real come this Fall and Winter .
Best get your flu shot this year !
Some scientists have even suggested hosting “ flu parties ” where friends gather to get sick with a weaker form of the flu to avoid getting sick with the real virus .
Hurdles to jump :
How immune are most people ?
We do n’t know yet .
How rapidly will the virus mutate and what will happen then ?
Again , we do n’t know that yet .
4. Academic publishing is about to get the smack down
At least , that ’s how physicist , turned writer , Michael Nielsen sees it as predicted here .
He suggests the current demise of newspapers is a foreshadowing to academic publishing .
And hey , we kind of like this opinion piece since it mentions Mendeley .
Even if we had been forgotten , it still raises some valid points that people have been quietly discussing for a while now .
How it affects you :
This means , as one example , that getting money from the government for research is about to change big time since it depends on publishing .
And that trickles down to every person in the world , for the better .
Hurdles to jump :
It ’s not going to be a walk in the park to reformat a 300 year - old tradition of academic publishing in journals .
Not suggesting that there will be Mafia hits going down ( wink ) , but there are going to be some unhappy people and corporations that wo n’t go without a fight .
5. iPS cells via proteins
iPS stands for Induced Pluripotent Stem Cell .
They ’re the kind of cell that can turn into any other type of cell in your body and even lead to new organs .
Two years ago , scientists had to integrate genes into the genome of regular cells to turn them into stem cells .
Now , as revealed in a May study , they can turn some adult cells into stem cells just by adding four proteins in a juicy cocktail .
How it affects you :
Adding genes before meant a risk of turning the cells into cancer cells .
That ’s kind of a bad thing , so the switch to proteins is good .
And guess what ?
We are one step closer to curing serious diseases like Parkinson ’s , and doing cool things like growing extra limbs .
Hurdles to jump :
It is has only been proven in mouse models , so the next step is to get some crazy humans to test themselves .
Volunteers ?
6. Kiss “ Web 2.0 ” goodbye and say hello to “ Web Squared ”
The past five years have been about user - driven content , collaboration , and crowdsourcing .
The poster - children for “ Web 2.0 , ” a phrase popularized by Tim O’Reilly , are sites such as Wikipedia , Facebook , and Digg .
Today , Web 2.0 is responsible for not just social media , but forming policy in government and product design .
Since that phrase was coined though , people have been asking , “ What will web 3.0 look like ? ”
Tech opinion leaders , and I agree , have tried to stay away from calling the NextGen Internet “ web 3.0 . ”
Instead , O’Reilly is calling it “ web squared . ”
I ca n’t really say that is better , but he ’s right that we are at a turning point in tech and it helps to capture the essence in one phrase .
Sadly though , O’Reilly did a poor job succinctly describing exactly what web squared is in his June manifesto .
Nonetheless , it deserves a spot in this list , because it will affect and influence everything we do for years to come .
How it affects you :
Here ’s my shot at summarizing web squared .
Everything in your offline world is about to get connected to the online world .
Your “ digital shadow ” will be smarter than you .
This really will be that personal robot servant everyone thought we ’d have in the future .
Every device you own will be connected and synced and sensory information , such as your location , health , or habits , will be replicated , analyzed , and recommendations sent back from the online world .
You wo n’t have to think about where your next holiday should be , your devices will know the best spot for you already based on your latest habits .
Hurdles to jump :
All of this information is going to be a data headache .
A lack of common data standards , though championed by orgs such as the W3C , is going to make interoperability difficult .
Data storage and bandwidth will need to explode in capacity ; after all , this will be a literal “ squaring ” of the digital information flowing back and forth .
7. Google Waves to us
Announced at the Google I/O conference in June , Google Wave could be one of the biggest transformations of how we communicate since email .
In fact , it sits within Gmail and outside developers can build applications to extend it …. wake up call for science developers .
How it affects you :
At a basic level , most people will just use it to share photos more conveniently .
Many are already talking about how Google Wave is going to ramp up Open Science initiatives in the scientific community .
This could mean science will spread faster and further than ever before , making advancements that much quicker .
Hurdles to jump : While Wave is open source , meaning it does n’t depend on Gmail , will academic institutions actually integrate it with their email systems ?
It will take time and a few battles to overcome .
While good for science in theory , what incentives will application developers create to lure scientists to use it for research ?
8. Adding a semantic touch to research papers
The problem with published research , even publications on the Internet , is that they are mostly static .
Now , David Shotten and colleagues from University of Oxford , Oxford , UK have given us a proof - of - principle article that has been semantically enhanced .
See April ’s edition of PLoS Computational Biology .
How it affects you : A semantically enhanced research paper connects data , old and new like never before .
This means publications are now living , ever improving documents , which will advance science and technology for the good .
Hurdles to jump :
It took a team of computational experts 10 - person weeks to accomplish this .
The system will need to be automated , with publishers , editors , and authors working together before the cost - benefit makes this a practical , but much needed , reality .
Wrapping it up
Obviously , there were many worthy stories that were not included , such as the announcement by Harvard ’s George Church regarding artificial ribosomes that could lead to artificial life .
So , help other reader ’s out by telling us what you think are the science and tech stories that will have the most impact on nearly every person on Earth .
To learn how Mendeley can help you publish and organize research , go here .
Follow Jason Hoyt , PhD on twitter here .
Rumors of Sony readying a downloadable music service have been “ floating ” around the internet for some time .
Things got even juicier when CNET learned that Sony was beginning discussions with major recording companies about bringing music to the PlayStation Network .
From CNET :
Sony has spoken with some of the major recording companies about providing music for the PlayStation Portable , music industry sources told CNET News .
The sources said the talks are only preliminary and no deals have been struck .
But apparently , Sony is considering offering music on the PlayStation Network , the company ’s nascent multiplayer gaming and digital download service .
Such a move could place the PSP in direct competition with other multiuse music players , most notably the iPhone .
Spokespeople from Sony and the big recording labels declined to comment for this story .
We have come across some information that might bring a name to the service …
A tipster who asked to remain anonymous has said that PlayStation Cloud will be Sony ’s new music service .
Since this information comes from anonymous tipster , take the following with a grain of salt .
Even though we ca n’t confirm the validity of this assertion , we decided to look into the suggestion that PlayStation Cloud could be PlayStation ’s version of iTunes .
We found plenty of evidence to support this claim …
During our research we found literally dozens of instances of the term “ Cloud ” relating to a music service .
Below we have listed a few that stand out …
Guardian.co.uk talks of streaming music via a cloud - computing - music service :
But with computing becoming increasingly cloud - based , it no longer seems necessary to download or store music .
As network connectivity becomes pervasive , the possibility of having every piece of commercially available music at our fingertips , instantly playable via our next - generation portable music players , mobile phones and Wi-Fi home entertainment systems comes closer .
So will downloading digital music to an iPod soon seem as archaic as taping the Top 40 on to a C90 ?
Future of Music Coalition , talking of “ Cloud ” music becoming a reality :
The idea of being able to listen to practically everything you ’d ever want to whenever you want to is n’t new .
But American consumers have n’t fully embraced such services , even with Rhapsody , Napster , etc. offering some version of subscription - based access .
Will Spotify be the model that makes “ the cloud ” click ?
Only time will tell .
. .
Eliot Van Buskirk of Wired.com talks of Apple preparing a cloud - based service :
Want to run an advanced music service with robust streaming to iPhone descendants ?
You might want to have the guy behind some of the latest advances in server design on board .
At the other end of any sort of cloud - based music service are the microprocessor chips in laptops and portables .
Apple paid $ 278 million for the chipmaker PA Semi earlier this year , and Papermaster ( no photo available ) is a chip design expert with 26 years of experience at IBM .
In addition to helping Apple revamp its servers , Papermaster could help Apple design a server - to - microprocessor architecture to run a connected music service and other applications that access the cloud .
Even the original PS Cloud trademark backs up the idea of a cloud - music service :
CLOUD COMPUTING DATA CENTER MANAGEMENT
SOFTWARE ; COMMUNICATIONS SOFTWARE FOR CONNECTING INTERNET RADIO ; COMMUNICATIONS SOFTWARE FOR CONNECTING INTERNET RADIO FOR HAND - HELD GAMES WITH LIQUID CRYSTAL DISPLAYS ; DOWNLOADABLE MUSIC FILES VIA THE INTERNET AUTOMATIC TRANSFER OF DIGITAL DATA BY TELECOMMUNICATIONS ; BROADCASTING SERVICES AND PROVISION OF TELECOMMUNICATION
ACCESS TO AUDIO CONTENT PROVIDED VIA AN ON - DEMAND SERVICE VIA THE INTERNET ; BROADCASTING SERVICES AND PROVISION OF TELECOMMUNICATION ACCESS TO AUDIO CONTENT PROVIDED VIA THE INTERNET STREAMING OF AUDIO SIGNALS FEATURING MUSIC VIA THE INTERNET ; PRODUCTION OF INTERNET RADIO PROGRAMS ; PRODUCTION OF RADIO PROGRAMS
So , although we can’t confirm if this information is correct , there is certainly enough evidence to suggest that PlayStation Cloud could very well be a music streaming service for the PlayStation Network .
Overdraft fees and lottery tickets are both in their own way taxes on ignorance , or at least a lack of sophistication — which is one reason why both should be carefully regulated .
Richard Sine , today , adds another item to the list : J - school tuition fees .
He has a clear message for deans of journalism schools around the country :
Do not charge so much money to walk through the door that the program is open only to the rich , the idle , or the financially illiterate .
That ’s not a journalism school ; that ’s a gold - plated welfare program for your old newsroom buddies , built on the backs of starry - eyed naïfs .
I think it ’s fair to say that going to journalism school increases your chances of getting a job in journalism .
If J - school graduates are almost by definition financially naive — if they were n’t financially naive they ’d never have spent so much money on J - school — then maybe J - school is only serving to increase the number of innumerates working in journalism .
Which is a sobering thought .
Podcast and blog for learners of English .
Topics include current events , items of interest and cultural quirks .
Language blog for people who love languages or would , but were discouraged .
New explanations and exercises for the English language every day .
Blog covering both old and new Internet resources for learners and teachers of English .
Not only reviews and presentations , but also advice on how to get the most out of it .
Language learning tips from Benny the Irish polyglot , who speaks 7 languages , and his story as he travels the world to learn new ones !
How you can learn Japanese ( and many more languages ) without taking classes , by having fun and doing things you enjoy — watching movies , playing video games , reading comic books — you know : fun stuff !
Tips , experiences and websites for people learning or teaching English .
Lessons and Advice to Help You Learn Japanese ... and a little bit about life in Japan
Blog with quick and dirty tips for better writing .
11. larryferlazzo … For Teaching ELL , ESL , & EFL
12 . Angela Maiers Putting Learners and Learning First
13 . English Experts
Blog on studying english as a second language online for Portuguese speakers .
14 . separated by a common language Observations on British and American English by an American linguist in the UK
17 . Languagehat General language blog covering academic language realted issues .
Among other things discussing recent developments in the field of language studies .
18 . Joanne Jacobs Joanne Jacobs presents her views on current educational topics and themes .
20 . Teach42 Education and Technology .
Looking att different tools to use and how to use them , by Steve Dembo .
21 . education & tech Blog covering the latest in fields of Learning , Knowledge , Tech and Social Media
22 . the shifted librarian Library related materials
23 . Self Made Scholar Learn free .
24 . always learning Teaching technology abroad
25 . Better at English Real English for real people
26 . English Spark Putting a spark in the English learning community with tools to learn , share , collaborate and connect .
27 . Wishydig English language blog
28 . The Name Inspector Naming , taglines , and other verbal branding .
29 . David on Formosa Blog focusing the commentary to all things Taiwanese — Taipei , Taiwan
30 . 2c Worth Teaching & Learning in the new information landscape
31 . Moving at the Speed of Creativity The weblog of Wesley Fryer
32 . Confessions of a Comunity College Dean Education and teaching blog
33 . Schrift &Rede Language blog from the research group of the German language ( Forschungsgruppe Deutsche Sprache )
34 . Fritinancy Names , brands , writing , and the quirks of the English language .
35 . Kalinago English Teaching EFL Teachers How To Teach Speaking
36 . Esperanto Blog Our Esperanto
Blog is a series of frequently published articles about Esperanto language .
Our blogger , Alex Joy , speaks and studies Esperanto and is very passionate about sharing his knowledge with our readers .
37 . Tecla SAP
Blog created to help English learners with their studies focused on common difficulties that Portuguese speakers have when learning English .
38 . Über Setzer Logbuch German blog on language , Russian and translation .
Includes articles on the latest news on related areas .
39 .
There 's Something About Translation ...
A freelance translator blogs about lessons learned at the wordface , her experiences as a freelancer and the changes facing the profession .
40 . Arabic Blog Our Arabic blog addresses learners of Arabic as a foreign language .
It introduces some aspects of the Arabic language : grammar , vocabulary and dialects , as well as certain aspects of Arabic culture and history .
41 . LETUTOR LETUTOR 's guide to languages
42 . Spanish Only
The blog about learning Spanish , to fluency , on your own and without ever visiting a classroom .
43 . Betchablog Education + technology + ideas
44 . Sinosplice Blog to help understand all things China .
Includes articles on language , culture and everything inbetween .
45 . The Engine Room Blog about language use , publishing and the media in general
46 . eduFire Live Video Learning
47 . Speaking English Podcast
Tips on sounding like a native speaker .
Videos and other tools to help eliminate mistakes common for both foreign and native speakers of English .
48 . dangerously irrelevant Ruminations on technology , leadership , and the future of our schools
49 . wéb-tränslatiôns
The Web - Translations blog is a mixture of informative , serious , and light - hearted content focusing on various areas of language and the localization industry .
All members of staff are welcome to contribute , and we encourage comment from our readers .
50 . The Hesitant Scribe Procrastinations , musings , digressions , and a little bit on writing .
Or the miserable little life of a PhD student and would be novelist
51 . Inglês na Ponta da Língua English teacher sharing his knowledge with English learners
52 . Wasaty tlumacz O tlumaczeniach przy fajce i kawie Tips and tricks , toys and tools - everything about translation .
53 . Langwitches The Magic of Learning through Technology
54 . Cuaderno Intercultural blog which collects and organizes information , resources , advices , new , and everything that can be useful to intercultural teaching and foreign students
55 . BLOGBOGSTAVER
A blog on the danish language .
56 . Beyond Words Beyond Words is ALTA Language Services ' blog , wherein ALTA 's language professionals comment on issues involving translation , interpreting , language testing , and the intersection of language with current events .
57 . Pensamientos " If you talk in his language , that goes to the heart . "
Nelson Mandela
58 . Educational technology in ELT
Experimenting with web 2.0 tools to enhance language learning
59 . The Smiling Eggplant All about Italy
60 . algo más que traducir Personal page of a translator , lots of resources
61 . Musings from an overworked translator Featuring musings life in general and the translation industry .
62 . Reflections on Teaching I use this blog as a place for me to reflect on best practices , and the practices I ’m ( trying to ) putting in place in my classroom .
63 . The Power of Educational Technology Demonstrating the power of technology to transform learning , energize communities and inspire innovative thinking .
64 . Le petit Champignon illustré Fun articles about languages and French in general
65 . alice ’s posterous
You will find my attempt to use web 2.0 tools in my teaching and to enthuse my students , recipes , singing news , film reviews , unusual stuff , stuff I 've discovered thanks to my amazing PLN .
66 . English Caffe English learner willing to share his knowledge through tips and lessons for other English learners .
67 . Voices en Español A bilingual blog
68 . Russian Blog Our Russian
Blog is a series of frequently published articles about the Russian language and Russian Culture .
Our blogger is Josefina Lundblad , a talented and prolific Swedish - born writer who has been living in Russia for several years .
69 . 英文ライティング講 座
This is a blog provided by アイモ君 and i-osmosis for English learners .
It brings you news and useful information for leaning English
70 . English Virtual Community A English Virtual Community online
71 . Polish Blog Our Polish Blog is a series of frequently published articles about Polish language and culture .
Our multilingual blogger Anna Etmanska , a Polish native , makes this blog very educational but also very exciting .
72 . Deutsch lernen und studieren in Deutschland Tips to learn German and study in Germany .
73 . wedblogg -ed Learning with the read / write web
74 . El taller del traductor A Spanish blog about Technology
75 . TEFLtastic
News , views and reviews
76 . TecnoTraduBlog Blog by Natalia Zudaire , professional translator and geek .
77 . Verba Molant Linguistical blog for Italian language lovers
78 . educational technology & change A co-operative blog journal for educational technology & change .
79 . Human
For fellow teachers …
80 . John Wells 's phonetic blog Everything to do with phonetics .
81 . Stephen 's Web Stephen works for the National Research Council , Institute for Information Technology , in Moncton , New Brunswick , Canada .
He specializes in online learning , content syndication , and new media .
82 . el blog para aprender inglés English teacher shares her knowledge , lots of resources , everyday a new " lesson "
83 .
En francais s'il vous plait A blog from a French teacher on which his Korean students can post articles in French
84 . busuu.com busuu.com is an online community for learning languages .
85 . Women Learning Thai Expat making her way through Thai language and culture
86 . Mandarin Student English person attempting to learn Mandarin from the Internet .
Resources and advice to help other budding Mandarin students in a similar position .
87 . Dr. Goodword 's Language Blog English language blog
88 . Fidus Interpres Translator Portuguese - English - German and his experiences with the language .
89 . Translate This !
Strategies for Lossless Langage Convrson
90 . Italy From The Inside A Scoop of Real Italian Life for Travelers & Friends
91 . Alex Ermakov
About the special learning techniques aimed at language learning
92 . A Swedish American in Sweden Return to Sweden
93 . Blogos News and views on language and technology
94 . The Grammaphobia Blog Q and A blog on grammar .
Readers questions on use of English are answered and discussed on a daily basis .
95 . Keith 's Voice on Extreme Language Learning Learning Japanese Blog
96 . Business English Blog Blog on use of English in business
97 . e-Learning Goddes Blog about e-learning
98 . Medical Translation Blog Medical Translation * Regulations * Technology
99 .
Naked Translations Reflections on words , expressions and the difficulties encountered on the bridge from the English to the French language .
Opinion about NoScript plugin affairs
[ 2009/05/06 ] NLnet funds a significant number of projects , some of which provide very important functionality to end users .
In many cases projects depend on other financial means as well , as we provide highly targeted funding rather than blanket funding .
In some cases additional income involves web advertising models , which may be invasive to peoples privacy if no adequate measures are taken .
More and more people are starting to take such measures , which puts pressure on funding .
This may be challenging , certainly if one has the power to override these measures .
Recently , it came to light that one of the projects which receive funding from NLnet -- the people responsible for coding the quintessential browser plugin NoScript -- crossed that line .
It made the regrettable move to take invasive countermeasures against another plugin that blocks advertisements , which can be regarded as ( hacker ) ethically irresponsible .
Since NoScript itself also functions as an advertisment blocker for websites that uses Javascript to draw iframes with advertisments , exceptions were made for this as well .
Meanwhile this mechanism has been undone , and we are assured by the team that this error in judgement will not happen again .
There is an important lesson .
We consider the type of functionality that NoScript provides quintessential to modern web users , as it is currently the state - of - the - art in protection against the risks that many ' web 2.0 ' technologies invoke -- with both usability and security in mind .
We think that Mozilla , Webkit , Microsoft and other browser suppliers should implement this natively -- Opera has already taken the first steps -- thus taking the implementation of this type of important protection mechanism into their regular quality control system .
We believe anything less is ultimately detrimental not only to the privacy of the user , but to the trust of the user in web tools such as browsers .
Strategic Communication : Getting Back to Basics
It is time for us to take a harder look at " strategic communication . "
Frankly , I do n’t care for the term .
We get too hung up on that word , strategic .
If we ’ve learned nothing else these past 8 years , it should be that the lines between strategic , operational , and tactical are blurred beyond distinction .
This is particularly true in the world of communication , where videos and images plastered on the Web — or even the idea of their being so posted –can and often do drive national security decisionmaking .
But beyond the term itself , I believe we have walked away from the original intent .
By organizing to it — creating whole structures around it — we have allowed strategic communication to become a thing instead of a process , an abstract thought instead of a way of thinking .
It is now sadly something of a cottage industry .
We need to get back to basics , and we can start by not beating ourselves up .
The problem is n’t that we are bad at communicating or being outdone by men in caves .
Most of them are n’t even in caves .
The Taliban and al Qaeda live largely among the people .
They intimidate and control and communicate from within , not from the sidelines .
And they are n’t just out there shooting videos , either .
They deliver .
Want to know what happens if somebody violates their view of Sharia law ?
You do n’t have to look very far or very long .
Each beheading , each bombing , and each beating sends a powerful message or , rather , is a powerful message .
Got a governance problem ?
The Taliban is getting pretty effective at it .
They ’ve set up functional courts in some locations , assess and collect taxes , and even allow people to file formal complaints against local Talib leaders .
Part of the Taliban plan to win over the people in Swat was to help the poor or displaced own land .
Their utter brutality has not waned , nor has their disregard for human life .
But with each such transaction , they chip away at the legitimacy of the Afghan government , saying in effect : " We can give you the stability the government cannot . "
No , our biggest problem is n’t caves ; it ’s credibility .
Our messages lack credibility because we have n’t invested enough in building trust and relationships , and we have n’t always delivered on promises .
The most common questions that I get in Pakistan and Afghanistan are : " Will you really stay with us this time ? "
" Can we really count on you ? "
I tell them that we will and that they can , but when it comes to real trust in places such as these , I do n’t believe we are even in Year Zero yet .
There ’s a very long way to go .
The irony here is that we know better .
For all the instant polling , market analysis , and focus groups we employ today , we could learn a lot by looking to our own past .
No other people on Earth have proven more capable at establishing trust and credibility in more places than we have .
And we ’ve done it primarily through the power of our example .
The voyage of the Great White Fleet told the world that the United States was no longer a second - rate nation .
The Marshall Plan made it clear that our strength was only as good as it was shared .
The policy of containment let it be known we would n’t stand for the spread of communism .
And relief efforts in the wake of natural disasters all over the world said calmly and clearly : we will help you through this .
We did n’t need a public opinion poll to launch that fleet .
We did n’t need a " strat comm " plan to help rebuild Europe .
And we sure did n’t need talking points and Power - Point slides to deliver aid .
Americans simply showed up and did the right thing because it was , well , the right thing to do .
That ’s the essence of good communication : having the right intent up front and letting our actions speak for themselves .
We should n’t care if people do n’t like us ; that is n’t the goal .
The goal is credibility .
And we earn that over time .
Now I ’m not suggesting we stop planning to communicate or that we fail to factor in audience reaction , perceptions , or culture .
I recognize the information environment today is much more complex than it was in 1909 , or even 1999 .
As someone who " tweets " almost daily , I appreciate the need to embrace the latest technologies .
But more important than any particular tool , we must know the context within which our actions will be received and understood .
We hurt ourselves and the message we try to send when it appears we are doing something merely for the credit .
We hurt ourselves more when our words do n’t align with our actions .
Our enemies regularly monitor the news to discern coalition and American intent as weighed against the efforts of our forces .
When they find a " say - do " gap — such as Abu Ghraib — they drive a truck right through it .
So should we , quite frankly .
We must be vigilant about holding ourselves accountable to higher standards of conduct and closing any gaps , real or perceived , between what we say about ourselves and what we do to back it up .
In fact , I would argue that most strategic communication problems are not communication problems at all .
They are policy and execution problems .
Each time we fail to live up to our values or do n’t follow up on a promise , we look more and more like the arrogant Americans the enemy claims we are .
And make no mistake — there has been a certain arrogance to our " strat comm " efforts .
We ’ve come to believe that messages are something we can launch downrange like a rocket , something we can fire for effect .
They are not .
Good communication runs both ways .
It ’s not about telling our story .
We must also be better listeners .
The Muslim community is a subtle world we do n’t fully — and do n’t always attempt to — understand .
Only through a shared appreciation of the people ’s culture , needs , and hopes for the future can we hope ourselves to supplant the extremist narrative .
We cannot capture hearts and minds .
We must engage them ; we must listen to them , one heart and one mind at a time — over time .
I ’m a big fan of Three Cups of Tea by Greg Mortenson .
In fact , I had the opportunity this summer to help him open up a new school for girls in the Panjshir Valley .
Greg believes that building relationships is just as important as building projects .
" The enemy is ignorance , " he told me , " and it is n’t theirs alone .
We have far more to learn from the people who live here than we could ever hope to teach them . "
He ’s right .
We are only going to be as good as our own learning curve .
And just the simple act of trying , of listening to others , speaks volumes all by itself .
I know strategic communication as a term of reference is probably here to stay .
Regrettably , it ’s grown too much a part of our lexicon .
But I do hope we take this opportunity under the coming Quadrennial Defense Review to reexamine what we mean by it .
Strategic communication should be an enabling function that guides and informs our decisions and not an organization unto itself .
Rather than trying to capture all communication activity underneath it , we should use it to describe the process by which we integrate and coordinate .
To put it simply , we need to worry a lot less about how to communicate our actions and much more about what our actions communicate .
I also hope we learn to be more humble , to listen more .
Because what we are after in the end — or should be after — are actions that speak for themselves , that speak for us .
What we need more than anything is credibility .
And we ca n’t get that in a talking point .
[ Edit : Yay for fiction !
Apparently marking something as fiction placates people .
Nice to know . ]
We 're getting close to the end of my blog .
After today 's entry , I only have three left to write .
After that , I 'll only blog anonymously or ( more likely ) not at all .
This is part three of five in my " Programmer 's View of the Universe " series .
I struggled for a while with how best to introduce the ideas in this installment , and ultimately opted for a short story .
This is a science fiction short story .
It 's different from many other sci - fi stories in that it is set in the " near future " , but it has realistic schedule estimates .
So unlike 1984 , 2001 , The Singularity is Near and all the other sci- fi stories that grossly underestimated their project durations , this one is set 1000 years in the future .
I.e. , right around the corner .
The story is disrespectful to pretty much everyone in the world .
It will create a fantastic shit storm .
This is probably a good time to point out that I do n't speak for my employer .
The story is 18 pages ( PDF from Google Docs print preview ) .
That 's not unusual for my blog , but I went ahead and published it as a standalone document .
I 'd encourage you to enjoy it , but I 'm old and embittered enough to know better .
You probably should n't even read it .
Just wait for someone to summarize it for you .
Installments 4 and 5 will not be short stories ; they will be regular old blog rants .
In them I will further develop these ideas , and I will also attempt to clear up any gross misconceptions about the story , of which there are bound to be many .
My final blog - rant entry is the only one I care about anymore .
I 've been working on it so hard that my fingers have started to fail .
It 's been tons of fun , aside from the chronic pain .
It 's about a neat programming language , and Emacs , and lots of other stuff .
I can't wait !
Oh yeah .
Here 's the link to the story .
I 've never done a read - only Google Docs link before , so it 's probably broken .
Or editable .
I do n't know .
We 'll see .
This week is going to suck .
People are going to be mad .
Maybe I should take a vacation and come back when the whining is finished .
Can someone email me and let me know when it 's all blown over ?
If nothing else , it 's sure to amuse Steve Ballmer .
The Microsoft chieftain has been known to turn his nose up at the way Google targets ads on its Gmail service , accusing his bete noire of reading your email .
Google does in fact read your email - or at least , Google machines do - and there 's nothing you can do about it .
Short of using Hotmail .
But a citizen blogger has noticed a roundabout way of fooling Google into disabling Gmail 's targeted ads .
As Joe McKay points out , Google turns off its sponsored links if an email mentions suicide , death , 9/11 , and murder .
Or other words to that effect .
Some real live Googlers were set to visit a " new media " class McKay was teaching at the University of California , Berkeley , and in preparation , he decided to actually read the Gmail fine print .
He soon stumbled onto a sentence explaining that the web - based email service would refrain from posting ads if a message contained certain content .
According to the About Gmail page , Google filters " block ads from running next to messages about catastrophic events or tragedies , erring on the side of not displaying an ad if the content is questionable . "
Sure enough , when McKay sent a short message to his own Gmail account and tagged it with the post script " suicide death 9/11 murder , " the ads disappeared .
At first , the trick did n't work with longer messages .
But then he added more tragedy .
And it did .
According to his calculations , the ads disappear if there 's a tragic mention every 167 words .
This also works , McKay says , with some ( but not all ) of the words on George Carlin 's famous list of seven things you can't say on television .
" To ensure a quality user experience for all Gmail users , we avoid showing ads reflecting sensitive or inappropriate content by only showing ads that have been classified as ' Family - Safe , ' " reads the About Gmail page .
Google has not responded to our request for comment .
And so , McKay has discovered that if you have a friend on Gmail , you can turn off their targeted ads by sending them messages littered with morbidity and filthy name calling .
He does realize this is far from the perfect ad blocker , but he likes it that way .
" I 'm an artist , " says McKay , now an assistant professor of new media at Purchase College , State University of New York , " so I like the awkwardness of the hack .
You get completely free email , but you have to pay for it with unspeakable words . "
But if you 're interested in stripping the ads from your friends ' email clients without offending their delicate sensibilities , you can do so .
Simply add the trigger words in white text on white background - and hope your friends do n't search for c*** suckers . ®
perl - The Perl 5 language interpreter
perl [ - sTtuUWX ] [ - hv ] [ - V[ :configvar ] ] [ - cw ] [ - d [t ] [ : debugger ] ] [ - D[ number / list ] ] [ - pna ] [ - Fpattern ] [ - l[ octal ] ] [ - 0[octal/hexadecimal ] ] [ - Idir ] [ - m [ -] module ] [ - M [ -] ' module ...' ] [ -f ] [ - C [ number / list ] ] [ - S ] [ - x [ dir ] ] [ - i[ extension ] ] [ [ - e| - E ] ' command ' ] [ -- ] [ programfile ] [ argument ]...
For more information on these options , you can run perldoc perlrun .
The perldoc program gives you access to all the documentation that comes with Perl .
You can get more documentation , tutorials and community support online at https://www.perl.org/.
If you 're new to Perl , you should start by running perldoc perlintro , which is a general intro for beginners and provides some background to help you navigate the rest of Perl 's extensive documentation .
Run perldoc perldoc to learn more things you can do with perldoc .
For ease of access , the Perl manual has been split up into several sections .
perl Perl overview ( this section ) perlintro Perl introduction for beginners perlrun Perl execution and options perltoc Perl documentation table of contents
perlreftut Perl references short introduction perldsc
Perl data structures intro perllol Perl data structures : arrays of arrays perlrequick Perl regular expressions quick start perlretut Perl regular expressions tutorial perlootut Perl OO tutorial for beginners perlperf Perl Performance and Optimization Techniques perlstyle Perl style guide perlcheat Perl cheat sheet perltrap Perl traps for the unwary perldebtut Perl debugging tutorial perlfaq Perl frequently asked questions perlfaq1 General Questions About Perl perlfaq2 Obtaining and Learning about Perl perlfaq3 Programming Tools perlfaq4 Data Manipulation perlfaq5 Files and Formats perlfaq6 Regexes perlfaq7 Perl Language Issues perlfaq8 System Interaction perlfaq9 Networking
perlsyn Perl syntax perldata Perl data structures perlop Perl operators and precedence perlsub Perl subroutines perlfunc Perl built - in functions perlopentut Perl open ( ) tutorial perlpacktut Perl pack ( ) and unpack ( ) tutorial perlpod Perl plain old documentation perlpodspec
Perl plain old documentation format specification perlpodstyle Perl POD style guide perldiag Perl diagnostic messages perldeprecation Perl deprecations perllexwarn Perl warnings and their control perldebug Perl debugging perlvar Perl predefined variables perlre Perl regular expressions , the rest of the story perlrebackslash Perl regular expression backslash sequences perlrecharclass
Perl regular expression character classes perlreref Perl regular expressions quick reference perlref Perl references , the rest of the story perlform Perl formats perlobj Perl objects perltie Perl objects hidden behind simple variables perldbmfilter Perl DBM filters perlipc Perl interprocess communication perlfork Perl fork ( ) information perlnumber Perl number semantics perlthrtut Perl threads tutorial perlport Perl portability guide perllocale
Perl locale support perluniintro Perl Unicode introduction perlunicode Perl Unicode support perlunicook Perl Unicode cookbook perlunifaq Perl Unicode FAQ perluniprops Index of Unicode properties in Perl perlunitut Perl Unicode tutorial perlebcdic Considerations for running Perl on EBCDIC platforms perlsec
Perl security perlmod Perl modules : how they work perlmodlib Perl modules : how to write and use perlmodstyle Perl modules : how to write modules with style perlmodinstall Perl modules : how to install from CPAN perlnewmod Perl modules : preparing a new module for distribution perlpragma Perl modules : writing a user pragma perlutil utilities packaged with the Perl distribution perlfilter Perl source filters perldtrace Perl 's support for DTrace perlglossary Perl Glossary
# Internals and C Language Interface
perlembed Perl ways to embed perl in your C or C++ application perldebguts
Perl debugging guts and tips perlxstut Perl XS tutorial perlxs Perl XS application programming interface perlxstypemap Perl XS C / Perl type conversion tools perlclib Internal replacements for standard C library functions perlguts
Perl internal functions for those doing extensions perlcall Perl calling conventions from C perlmroapi Perl method resolution plugin interface perlreapi Perl regular expression plugin interface perlreguts
Perl regular expression engine internals perlapi Perl API listing ( autogenerated ) perlintern Perl internal functions ( autogenerated ) perliol C API for Perl 's implementation of IO in Layers perlapio Perl internal IO abstraction interface perlhack Perl hackers guide perlsource Guide to the Perl source tree perlinterp Overview of the Perl interpreter source and how it works perlhacktut Walk through the creation of a simple C code patch perlhacktips Tips for Perl core C code hacking perlpolicy Perl development policies perlgit Using git with the Perl repository
perlbook Perl book information perlcommunity Perl community information perldoc Look up Perl documentation in Pod format perlhist Perl history records perldelta
Perl changes since previous version perl5303delta Perl changes in version 5.30.3 perl5302delta Perl changes in version 5.30.2 perl5301delta Perl changes in version 5.30.1 perl5300delta Perl changes in version 5.30.0 perl5283delta Perl changes in version 5.28.3 perl5282delta Perl changes in version 5.28.2 perl5281delta
Perl changes in version 5.28.1 perl5280delta
Perl changes in version 5.28.0 perl5263delta
Perl changes in version 5.26.3 perl5262delta
Perl changes in version 5.26.2 perl5261delta
Perl changes in version 5.26.1 perl5260delta
Perl changes in version 5.26.0 perl5244delta Perl changes in version 5.24.4 perl5243delta
Perl changes in version 5.24.3 perl5242delta
Perl changes in version 5.24.2 perl5241delta
Perl changes in version 5.24.1 perl5240delta
Perl changes in version 5.24.0 perl5224delta
Perl changes in version 5.22.4 perl5223delta Perl changes in version 5.22.3 perl5222delta Perl changes in version 5.22.2 perl5221delta
Perl changes in version 5.22.1 perl5220delta
Perl changes in version 5.22.0 perl5203delta
Perl changes in version 5.20.3 perl5202delta
Perl changes in version 5.20.2 perl5201delta
Perl changes in version 5.20.1 perl5200delta
Perl changes in version 5.20.0 perl5184delta Perl changes in version 5.18.4 perl5182delta
Perl changes in version 5.18.2 perl5181delta
Perl changes in version 5.18.1 perl5180delta
Perl changes in version 5.18.0 perl5163delta
Perl changes in version 5.16.3 perl5162delta
Perl changes in version 5.16.2 perl5161delta
Perl changes in version 5.16.1 perl5160delta
Perl changes in version 5.16.0 perl5144delta
Perl changes in version 5.14.4 perl5143delta
Perl changes in version 5.14.3 perl5142delta
Perl changes in version 5.14.2 perl5141delta
Perl changes in version 5.14.1 perl5140delta
Perl changes in version 5.14.0 perl5125delta
Perl changes in version 5.12.5 perl5124delta Perl changes in version 5.12.4 perl5123delta
Perl changes in version 5.12.3 perl5122delta
Perl changes in version 5.12.2 perl5121delta
Perl changes in version 5.12.1 perl5120delta
Perl changes in version 5.12.0 perl5101delta
Perl changes in version 5.10.1 perl5100delta
Perl changes in version 5.10.0 perl589delta
Perl changes in version 5.8.9 perl588delta
Perl changes in version 5.8.8 perl587delta
Perl changes in version 5.8.7 perl586delta
Perl changes in version 5.8.6 perl585delta
Perl changes in version 5.8.5 perl584delta
Perl changes in version 5.8.4 perl583delta
Perl changes in version 5.8.3 perl582delta
Perl changes in version 5.8.2 perl581delta
Perl changes in version 5.8.1 perl58delta
Perl changes in version 5.8.0 perl561delta
Perl changes in version 5.6.1 perl56delta
Perl changes in version 5.6 perl5005delta
Perl changes in version 5.005 perl5004delta
Perl changes in version 5.004 perlexperiment
A listing of experimental features in Perl perlartistic Perl Artistic License perlgpl GNU General Public License
perlcn Perl for Simplified Chinese ( in EUC - CN ) perljp Perl for Japanese ( in EUC - JP ) perlko Perl for Korean ( in EUC - KR ) perltw Perl for Traditional Chinese ( in Big5 )
perlaix Perl notes for AIX perlamiga Perl notes for AmigaOS perlandroid Perl notes for Android perlbs2000 Perl notes for POSIX - BC BS2000 perlcygwin Perl notes for Cygwin perldos Perl notes for DOS perlfreebsd Perl notes for FreeBSD perlhaiku Perl notes for Haiku perlhpux Perl notes for HP - UX perlhurd Perl notes for Hurd perlirix Perl notes for Irix perllinux Perl notes for Linux perlmacos Perl notes for Mac OS ( Classic ) perlmacosx Perl notes for Mac OS X perlnetware Perl notes for NetWare perlopenbsd Perl notes for OpenBSD perlos2 Perl notes for OS / 2 perlos390 Perl notes for OS / 390 perlos400 Perl notes for OS / 400 perlplan9
Perl notes for Plan 9 perlqnx Perl notes for QNX perlriscos Perl notes for RISC OS perlsolaris Perl notes for Solaris perlsymbian Perl notes for Symbian perlsynology Perl notes for Synology perltru64 Perl notes for Tru64 perlvms Perl notes for VMS perlvos Perl notes for Stratus VOS perlwin32 Perl notes for Windows
# Stubs for Deleted Documents
On a Unix - like system , these documentation files will usually also be available as manpages for use with the man program .
Some documentation is not available as man pages , so if a cross - reference is not found by man , try it with perldoc .
Perldoc can also take you directly to documentation for functions ( with the -f switch ) .
See perldoc -- help ( or perldoc perldoc or man perldoc ) for other helpful options perldoc has to offer .
In general , if something strange has gone wrong with your program and you 're not sure where you should look for help , try making your code comply with use strict and use warnings .
These will often point out exactly where the trouble is .
Perl officially stands for Practical Extraction and Report Language , except when it does n't .
Perl was originally a language optimized for scanning arbitrary text files , extracting information from those text files , and printing reports based on that information .
It quickly became a good language for many system management tasks .
Over the years , Perl has grown into a general - purpose programming language .
It 's widely used for everything from quick " one- liners " to full - scale application development .
The language is intended to be practical ( easy to use , efficient , complete ) rather than beautiful ( tiny , elegant , minimal ) .
It combines ( in the author 's opinion , anyway ) some of the best features of sed , awk , and sh , making it familiar and easy to use for Unix users to whip up quick solutions to annoying problems .
Its general - purpose programming facilities support procedural , functional , and object - oriented programming paradigms , making Perl a comfortable language for the long haul on major projects , whatever your bent .
Perl 's roots in text processing have n't been forgotten over the years .
It still boasts some of the most powerful regular expressions to be found anywhere , and its support for Unicode text is world - class .
It handles all kinds of structured text , too , through an extensive collection of extensions .
Those libraries , collected in the CPAN , provide ready - made solutions to an astounding array of problems .
When they have n't set the standard themselves , they steal from the best -- just like Perl itself .
Perl is available for most operating systems , including virtually all Unix - like platforms .
See " Supported Platforms " in perlport for a listing .
See " ENVIRONMENT " in perlrun .
Larry Wall < larry@wall.org > , with the help of oodles of other folks .
If your Perl success stories and testimonials may be of help to others who wish to advocate the use of Perl in their applications , or if you wish to simply express your gratitude to Larry and the Perl developers , please write to perl-thanks@perl.org .
" @INC " locations of perl libraries
" @INC " above is a reference to the built - in variable of the same name ; see perlvar for more information .
https://www.perl.org/
the Perl homepage https://www.perl.com/
Perl articles
https://www.cpan.org/
the Comprehensive Perl Archive https://www.pm.org/
the Perl Mongers
Using the use strict pragma ensures that all variables are properly declared and prevents other misuses of legacy Perl features .
The use warnings pragma produces some lovely diagnostics .
One can also use the -w flag , but its use is normally discouraged , because it gets applied to all executed Perl code , including that not under your control .
See perldiag for explanations of all Perl 's diagnostics .
The use diagnostics pragma automatically turns
Perl 's normally terse warnings and errors into these longer forms .
Compilation errors will tell you the line number of the error , with an indication of the next token or token type that was to be examined .
( In a script passed to Perl via -e switches , each -e is counted as one line . )
Setuid scripts have additional constraints that can produce error messages such as " Insecure dependency " .
See perlsec .
Did we mention that you should definitely consider using the use warnings pragma ?
The behavior implied by the use warnings pragma is not mandatory .
Perl is at the mercy of your machine 's definitions of various operations such as type casting , atof ( ) , and floating - point output with sprintf ( ) .
If your stdio requires a seek or eof between reads and writes on a particular stream , so does Perl .
( This does n't apply to sysread ( ) and syswrite ( ) . )
While none of the built - in data types have any arbitrary size limits ( apart from memory size ) , there are still a few arbitrary limits : a given variable name may not be longer than 251 characters .
Line numbers displayed by diagnostics are internally stored as short integers , so they are limited to a maximum of 65535 ( higher numbers usually being affected by wraparound ) .
You may submit your bug reports ( be sure to include full configuration information as output by the myconfig program in the perl source tree , or by perl - V ) to https://github.com/Perl/perl5/issues.
Perl actually stands for Pathologically Eclectic Rubbish Lister , but do n't tell anyone I said that .
The Perl motto is " There 's more than one way to do it . "
Divining how many more is left as an exercise to the reader .
The three principal virtues of a programmer are Laziness , Impatience , and Hubris .
See the Camel Book for why .
Front of sweater :
Back of sweater :
I knitted this sweater in 1996 using Lion Brand Wool - Ease yarn in Hunter Green , Burgundy , and Wheat Sprinkles ( the yarn was a gift , so I did n’t have a choice of colour ) .
It started out as a rather unusual and charming ( in my humble opinion ) cabled sweater for my husband .
When I showed it to Baruch , he tried to feign enthusiasm but I could sense that he was disappointed .
I asked him what was wrong and he answered , “ I was hoping for something …. different . ”
“ Like what ? ”
“ Pigs . ”
“ No way . ”
He ’s been asking me to make him something with pigs for years , as the pig is his favourite animal but this is Israel , after all .
Can you imagine a nice orthodox man with a big kippah and tzitzis and beard walking around the Western Wall wearing a pig sweater ?
If he were over 6 ′ tall and a body - builder , I might have relented but he ’s only 5 ’ 4 ″ .
“ Molecular structure diagrams ? ”
Baruch is a microbiologist in the pharmaceutical industry .
I thought about it and studied his sketches .
The angles of the lines and the hexagons looked like a charter ’s nightmare and I decided , in the end , that I would n’t be able to translate them into knitting , not in the immediate future .
“ How about the Periodic Table ? ”
I pondered for 2 minutes , then said , “ That ’s do - able . ”
He photocopied the periodic table from his highschool chemistry textbook and I charted the actinides and lanthanides .
Halfway through the lanthanides , I realised that I did n’t need a chart after all and just knitted it directly from the photocopy .
Any mistakes were corrected later with duplicate stitch .
The sleeves have fungi on one sleeve and bacteria on the other .
His sweater was a hit at work and he was invited to give special showings in the chemistry labs .
Fungi sleeve :
Bacteria sleeve :
The sweater was knitted in the round .
I machine - stitched and cut steeks for the armholes .
Charts
A chemist neighbour borrowed the sweater for his mother - in - law to copy .
When I realised that we would n’t have the sweater back by winter , I offered to provide charts .
Important note :
This chart is out of date .
If you want a current chart with the most recent elements , you ’re on your own !
Front and back charts are 109 stitches x 112 rows .
I cut the charts in half so that they could be printed easily .
When my son was young , I briefly considered making a sweater for him of the square for gold ( AU ) , with all the atomic number , atomic mass , etc. , worked in intarsia .
Books for Geeky Knitters
How to Make Your Life Better ( By Smoking Pot )
How to Make Magic in the Kitchen
( By Smoking Pot )
by Jesse Vernon
I would love to share a spliff with Betty Crocker .
Especially her 1965 incarnation ( the hottest ) , with those delicate pearls , her flipped bob , sharp eyes , and flirty smirk .
She 'd sit on the counter while I did the work , doling out wise guidance ( " Grease your pan with unsalted butter " ) interspersed with anachronisms ( " Peanut butter cookies are a favorite with men and children " ) , her blazed grin and glazed eyes defying her corporate creators .
See , baking is magic disguised as domesticity .
And magic should always be done high .
First , take a hit ( or two ) .
Then take a bunch of ingredients that can't hold their own ( unsweetened chocolate scarred my childhood ) , combine them in a particular order with precise measurements , swirl them around with instruments of varying shape and composition ( wood here , steel there , silicone intermittently ) , and apply heat .
In the time it takes to smoke a bowl , your gooey brownish blobs will have transfigured into little glistening disks of delight .
Ta -da .
Even the most epicurean of potheads has fallen prey to the lure of the quick and easy munchie fix , but the restorative powers of any off - the - shelf sugar bomb are paltry in comparison to a treat of your own creation .
While pot expands the breadth of my senses — mundane textures become fascinating ( slimy , elusive egg whites ; silky , billowing flour ) , common smells become seductive ( melting butter , caramelizing sugar ) — it also finely hones them .
My sober friends would be surprised to learn that a lot of my best snacks are made under the influence .
The neuroses - enhancing side of pot is helpful , especially if you 're already a details person :
With near - neurotic accuracy , I 've learned to heed Betty 's direction ( her Cooky Book is my holy book ) and create bites of perfection .
As long as I remember to set the timer .
How to Keep a Better Home and Garden
( By Smoking Pot )
by Brendan Kiley
I was 15 and not so good at gardening , which was too bad because gardening was my job .
Being outside was nice ( when it was n't November ) and I liked the idea of being a gardener ( like Gregor Mendel ) , but the actual gardening could be crushingly dull — especially weeding the perennial beds at the neighbors ' house where I worked on Saturdays .
Starting was easy , but I 'd get restless and rush through the job , leaving weeds in my wake .
Rick , the other gardener , was studying graphic design at an art college .
He was a nice guy , but my lousy work ethic frustrated him .
" You 're a good worker when you want to do something , " he would say .
" But when you 're bored , you 're useless . "
Then he'd go back to talking about music and girls and stuff .
One Saturday , he solved my problem .
We went into the woods and smoked some pot out of his small , silver pipe .
The garden I stumbled back into was not the garden I 'd left .
It was brighter and richer , I paid more attention to textures and colors , and the plants seemed to have grown personalities while I was gone .
The work was suddenly fun , my attention span seemed infinite , and lunch came faster than ever .
( That afternoon , eating chips and salsa was like discovering a continent . )
Pruning roses , transplanting Crocosmia , turning the compost piles — it was all fun , fun , and fun .
I could sit out in the dirt , let my mind wander , and happily weed my life away .
Gardening was the gateway drug .
Eventually I learned pot improved all kinds of chores : laundry , sweeping , scrubbing the bathroom .
A puff is to my patience what a can of spinach is to Popeye 's muscles .
Do n't want to do the dishes tonight ?
Just hand me a joint and a sponge .
How to Get in Shape
( By Smoking Pot )
by Christopher Frizzelle
I n middle school , I quit swim team , watched my parents ' marriage self - destruct , and ate a lot of Cheez - Its .
I would stack them between my fingers and eat the stack .
One day after school , I unsealed a jar of Planters Dry Roasted Peanuts and ate it in a sitting .
Then for dinner : Taco Bell , Burger King , or pizza .
Military family .
In the suburbs .
Trying to save money .
In high school , my brothers played sports and stayed in shape ; I started the school newspaper and literary magazine , and produced them almost single - handedly ( with the assistance of Planters Dry Roasted Peanuts ) .
You get so fat that , at a certain point , not eating another homemade chocolate - chip cookie is n't going to do you any fucking good — you 're so far gone already , and it 's not like you have any friends to impress , and it's not like you can come out of the closet in your shitty town anyway — so you just go ahead and eat it .
The next time you see a chocolate - chip cookie , you do the same calculation .
By the time I was 17 , I was six foot four , 280 pounds .
I used to say , " I 'm big boned . "
My older brother would say , " How big can bones be ? "
If you start running every other day after school , you notice very little change .
It was n't until I kept running and stopped eating — almost entirely — that anything changed .
I always knew it was a corrective measure and not a long - term solution , though .
Simply avoiding Taco Bell and Planters Dry Roasted Peanuts does n't do it .
If your body has been very fat before , your body would like to be fat again .
The only thing to do is to make working out a regular part of your life , a three - or - four - times - a - week thing .
Lifting weights is , of course , boring .
Goddamn , it 's boring .
Here , pick this up and put it down again and again and again and again and again — times a million .
I tried lifting weights for years and could never stick with it past a month or two .
Then one day , a friend confessed a secret .
REALLY ?!
Right before going to the gym ?
Do n't you have trouble breathing after having all that smoke in your lungs ?
Do n't you get tripped up while warming up on the treadmill ?
Do n't you accidentally drop things on yourself ?
He insisted I try it , and we did — and lifting weights , and running , and the state of my biceps have never been the same .
Pot takes any rote activity ( see also : parenting , cleaning , baking ) and turns the boringness into mental candy .
It makes time stretchy .
It limits your ability to focus too long on anything , so you do n't get stuck thinking about how repetitive something is .
You can run forever : Between the pot and the music in your headphones , you 're on a bodiless plane of existence .
Pain is kind of fun , so you can lift more than usual .
( Be careful . )
And , because you 're breaking the law , you 've got a secret — a mischievous habit , a private rebellion — that you associate with going to the gym ( a corporate , brightly lit , rule - bound environment ) that happens to make the gym really fun .
I 'm in better shape than ever .
I finally have muscles .
The last of my love handles will be gone soon .
People always ask me about having been fat , about how I lost it , about how I keep it off .
Some friends simply think I 'm unusually dedicated to health and fitness .
The truth is , I 've just been smoking a lot of pot .
How to Be a Better Parent
( By Smoking Pot )
by I. Havenoballs *
W hen my daughter was born in December , my life took the expected course correction .
Excessive drinking , video games , smoking pot , chronic masturbation — save for that last item , each weapon in my free - time arsenal was dismantled , melted down , and converted into things like bottles , diaper bins , and tools to combat meconium .
Recently , however , smoking has started to make a bit of a comeback .
Gone are my days of waking and baking , but one thing I 've learned over the past eight months is that when it comes to the mind - numbing repetition of playtime , a little puff makes the experience not just bearable , but enjoyable .
It helps keep me sane — and during the first year of parenthood , sanity tends to be in short supply .
Take my daughter 's current obsession with a set of cheap plastic cups .
These cups vary in size and color , and she can spend hours having me stack them in the proper order just so she can quickly unstack them .
It 's a game that never gets boring for her ; every time the cups are stacked , it 's as if they 've been stacked for the very first time .
And during these extended sessions of monotony — first green cup , then blue cup , then red cup , then yellow cup , then orange cup , then rinse and repeat — a quick hit of pot can cut through the stress and noise that comes with new parenthood and instead keep me focused , patient , and engaged with my daughter 's development .
And that , really , is all that matters .
How to Become a Writer
( By Smoking Pot )
by David Schmader
O ne of the traits I inherited from my German - on - both - sides family is a deep drive for certainty , tidiness , and order — three things in short supply during the act of writing , or at least during the early stages of writing , when making a mess is the point .
Brainstorming , jotting down half - formed ideas , banging out messy first drafts — these tasks made my skin itch .
Saddled with a brain obsessed with finding the Right Answer ( or as Germans sometimes call it , the Final Solution ) , I found myself paralyzed by the possibilities , as my would - be happy playground of creativity morphed into a gulag rigged with a million ways to be wrong .
And then I smoked pot .
For some people , pot means munchies and moving in what feels like slow motion ; for others , stress and sleeplessness .
For me , pot is the perfect stupefier , slowing down my frantically racing thoughts —
OhmygodwhatamIgoingtowrite andhowamIgoingtowriteitandwheredoIstart andwhatdoIincludeandhowdoIincludeit ?— to the point where each thought can be addressed individually , while leaving me with enough brain power to do the addressing .
Properly stoned , I could wade through the swamp of messy imperfection that lay before every finished piece and finally start writing .
Before long , I was getting paid for my writing — a lucky break that came with an implicit invitation to become a professional pothead .
Luckily , the work does n't pay enough to support such an arrangement , so eventually I set about learning nonpot methods of stupefying my answer - seeking brain .
Mundane things like sitting still for 15 minutes and breathing in through my nose and out through my mouth .
But there 's no denying that the welcome mat to this new way of being was a big wad of pot .
How to Be Better to Your In - Laws
( By Smoking Pot )
by I. M. Whipped *
T he only thing worse than spending time with your own family is spending time with someone else 's family .
Sober .
For years , I was dragged to Thanksgivings , Christmases , and Easters with my wife 's family , which is about as right - wing nutso as you can get without joining a militia .
My father - in - law is a Fox - News - loving , we - need - a - border - fence - now , George W. apologist .
He is a mountain man .
I am a city slicker who works for an artsy - fartsy homo newspaper .
We have little in common .
Normally at family functions , I 'd sit in the corner , try not to make eye contact , and only make small talk when escape was not an option .
There was never any booze , making all my other problems — social anxiety , a psychological aversion to family time — agonizing .
Then Christmas 2006 happened .
As gun-nut uncles , pregnant teenage nieces , and trailer - park - dwelling grandparents held hands and prayed to baby Jebus around the living room of a suburban home , my wife , my sister - in - law , and I snuck out , drove around , and smoked out of a gross , resin-stained glass pipe until we were suitably baked and alarmingly affable .
It was a Christmas miracle , and it has since become a holiday tradition — a permanent solution to any anxiety about spending time with family .
Now , septuagenarian aunts ' and uncles ' stories about internal family battles seem like fascinating epic poems , sitting on a couch and staring into space is no longer a chore , and engagement in small talk is less teeth - grindingly awful .
Smoking pot has n't made me like these people any more , but it makes my wife not want to strangle me so much now that I 'm perfectly willing to sit and talk to her dad about computer parts and the benefits of FAT32 and NTFS file systems for the better part of an hour .
And if I get stoned enough , I barely remember I was there at all .
How to Have a Better Sex Life
( By Smoking Pot )
by Ari Spool
H aving sex on dope is almost everything your parents said you should never do , with the exception of eating ice cream for breakfast .
But we all know by now that the things your parents specifically railed against are the things your parents were totally doing when you were n't looking .
The reasons your parents were ( are ) having all that sex on all that dope : ( 1 ) It just feels better , and ( 2 ) you can tell the other participant what you really want to do without feeling shy .
When my roommates go to bonetown after smoking a blunt in the living room , I hear slapping .
When they are sober , it sounds boring — not even any moaning .
And they 've been dating forever ; they know each other inside and out .
Stony sex is way easier and cheaper and hotter than couples counseling or being instructed to dress up or other weird things that couples on TV do when " the magic runs away . "
Also , I do n't know about you , but I get all pouncy and am way more liable to look at you next to me on the couch with popcorn on your shirt and give you that look .
I am thinking " RRRAAAWWWRRR MAKE ME NAKED ! "
This is way healthier than the drunken " RRRAAAWWWRRR , " because I already know you .
We were just getting stoned on the couch together , we 're at least buddies or probably even dating , and pot has n't made you look any hotter than you actually are ( weed does n't give you drunk goggles ) .
I am making a much more educated and safe decision , with no weird , shameful walk home in the morning .
And there 's no rush .
Take it slow , baby .
I honestly do n't know why you would ever have sex without getting stoned first .
Those fun sex jokes are more likely to happen , and maybe there will be tickling .
You have no one to tickle ?
Well , it makes masturbation better , too .
I 'm talking to the dames .
Maybe you 're kind of nervous about it ?
Like , you just bought this new dildong and you are looking at it and , let 's be honest , you are n't sexually attracted to it .
And you are gonna do WHAT with it ?
On weed , that weirdness goes away .
You just nod and proceed to make yourself happy enough to never shoot up any fitness centers , ever .
* Pseudonyms for Stranger writers who are wusses .
Okay , Obama .
Now Let 's Have a Speech on Gay Rights
There has been a growing roar within the gay community about seeming inaction by a man who promised change .
Some activists fume that President Obama has n’t followed through on his promise to repeal the offensive Defense of Marriage Act or muttered a substantive word about the legalization of same - sex marriage in six states .
After last night 's airing of NBC's Inside the Obama White House interview , in which Obama provided a tepid answer to a question about whether “ gay and lesbian couples who wish to marry in this country have a friend in the White House , ” the blogosphere is filling with cries of “ shameful ” and “ no passion , no heart , no real connection to our cause . ”
Others are enraged by Obama ’s failure to end the ban on gays serving openly in the military .
In his “ Hypocrisy Watch ” segment yesterday , MSNBC's David Shuster derided Obama , saying " Here we are , more than four months into your administration and the ' Do n't Ask , Don't Tell ' policy remains in place . "
The man who would deliver gays and lesbians to the promised land of full equality is now viewed with suspicion and anger .
The sense of betrayal is palpable .
But it is a sense I strongly believe is misplaced , especially so early in a four - year term .
What may appear to be inaction on the surface masks a whirl of activity geared toward change .
Consider that the administration has been working to get the hate crimes bill passed .
Extending domestic partner benefits to federal employees is under consideration .
By the administration ’s count , there are 60 openly gay men and women working for the president , nine of whom have been confirmed by the senate .
And a senior administration told me that an openly gay ambassador will be named shortly .
And “ Do n’t Ask , Do n’t Tell ” ?
It will take a little longer to " bring the military along , " the administration official said .
But , he added , Obama " has been very clear with the Pentagon that he wants [ the policy ] ended . "
Still , Obama should be doing more to quell the rebellion .
He has proclaimed June 2009 as Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual and Transgender Pride Month .
But to make that declaration more than a token gesture , what he needs to do is deliver an address on gay rights akin to his landmark speeches on the Middle East , national security , abortion and race .
Stating clearly that gays and lesbians should and will be able to claim full title to the American Dream , and all its promise , could go a long way .
When I asked the senior administration official if Obama would commemorate the 40th anniversary of the Stonewall Rebellion , which ushered in the modern gay civil rights movement , he said yes .
Then added , " And more than once . "
Such a speech must be a part of it .
Actor Kevin Costner narrowly skirted death this weekend in a tragic stage collapse that killed one person and injured a score of others on Saturday .
Costner and his band , Modern West , were just about to take to the stage when the structure dramatically collapsed during a windstorm at a festival near Edmonton , Canada .
Country music singer Billy Currington was just finishing his set when the main stage was torn apart by severe winds on Saturday night .
Kevin Costner and his band were waiting in the wings to take to the stage in just a few minutes .
Costner and Currington escaped serious injury in the incident , but several ofÂ their band members were reportedly taken to the hospital .
One person was killed in the collapse and up to 60 people were injured in the devastation , according to various media reports .
Costner was reportedly seen helping free fans and performers from the wreckage before heading to the hospital to offer his support to the injured .
Watch video footage of firefighters combing the wreckage of the stage here .
" I 'm sure a lot of hard work goes into recycling them but there are thousands that go unused at all because most people just use the internet to find people these days .
Knoji reviews products and up - and - coming brands we think you 'll love .
In certain cases , we may receive a commission from brands mentioned in our guides .
Learn more .
You have met the love of your life and things are going great .
No major arguments .
No major issues or secrets ( or at least you are working on them , I mean even Prince or Princess Charming has baggage . )
Money is ok and you are both thinking long term .
There is just one more thing that you both have to face meeting the prospective in - laws .
It can be nerve - wracking ( braving the unknown usually is ) , the main thing is to find the right balance between being yourself and impressive your partners parents .
So here are some tips to help you .
Firstly , is this the right time ?
If you are not yet exclusive and too scared to call your partner girlfriend / boyfriend , then perhaps it is too soon .
Be prepared .
Find out if the parents are relaxed or strict , traditional or more progressive .
In addition , make sure you know which subjects to avoid talking about plus ensure you know what event you are attending e.g. are you attending a cosy family dinner or a 20 - strong BBQ ?
This will enable you ( mentally ) at least to get into the swing of things .
Having done the above step , make sure you dress appropriately .
Smart casual almost always works .
I am not talking about power Hugo boss suits but make sure it is not too tight , gaudy or ripped ( even if it is the fashion ) .
In this case less is more .
Over or under dressing makes you feel uncomfortable and it will be clear to everyone .
Worse still , your discomfort may come across as insecurity or even pride ( remember Mr Darcy in Pride and Prejudice ? )
Taking a simple gift like wine and / or chocolates is an almost guaranteed way of scoring some brownie points .
Same goes with helping out ( dont offer , just do ) and ignoring your mobile phone ( or better still switching it off ) .
Watch how your partner is with their parents and follow their lead .
Do not get drunk ( or drunker than the parents ) , avoid being overly affectionate in front of them .
Furthermore , if you are sharing a room at their house , be more cautious and subtle than usual .
If you have been put in separate rooms , respect that .
It may be hard but it will be worth it .
Be careful when conversing .
Be modest but not insincere .
Do not debate ( unless someone else starts it but then still be cautious when joining in ) and avoid controversy .
Finally say thanks by phone is good , a written note is better .
I hope that this helps you .
There may be some things that I have missed so I would be happy to hear you thoughts .
I would also like to hear your stories about meeting your partners parents whether they are embarrassing , touching or laugh - out funny .
Take care .
Although it has many opponents even among green technology sustainers , the good - old battery still evolves to help us have those all - electric vehicles beneath us , and make us drive cleaner and faster than ever .
Well - branded companies have joined the trend of making batteries designed for cars .
Hitachi is among them , and now they announced a new type of Li-Ion , that they say improves the power density by 70 % .
They also said they will begin producing these beginning with next year , and will also have a cheaper , 50 % weaker version for sale at the same time .
No actual figures have been released yet , but they say it has a power of 4.5 kW per unit and lasts for more than 10 years , lasting 20 % more than their previous model .
The picture above is not one of the latest model , but the previous one ’s , since they have not given any of the new versions .
( Visited 36 times , 1 visits today )
As the election outcry in Iran reached its fourth day , news outlets reported that the U.S. government asked Twitter to again delay a maintenance session that could take the service offline .
Associated PressA protester allegedly injured by gunfire from pro-government militia is helped by another protester near a rally supporting leading opposition presidential candidate Mir Hossein Mousavi in Tehran , Iran , Monday .
Twitter has been a focal point in coverage of the Iran election , as its users have railed against mainstream - media ...
Springfield Punx is the brainchild of artist Dean Fraser .
Essentially he Simpsonizes characters from comics , television , movies , and video games .
On his site he writes :
Springfield Punx is a little pet project of mine .
The idea of doing fan art parodying some of my favorite characters and stars in such a fun and simple style got me hooked immediately .
Some of these guys and gals have appeared on the Simpsons and I could just work from that , but most I had to do from scratch .
We ’ve created a gallery with some of our favorites , but there are dozens more on the site .
Add it to your bookmarks or RSS reader to keep up to date with his latest , as I am sure he will continue to create some wonderful images .
See if you can name all of these characters .
We interviewed Dean for an episode of the Gunaxin Show .
Check it out !
News , views and top stories in your inbox .
Do n't miss our must - read newsletter Sign up Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
A " white supremacist " plot to kill minorities is thought to have been uncovered , police said yesterday .
A substance believed to be ricin and claimed to have been found in an old jam jar was being kept in what they thought to be a " bomb factory " in a terraced house .
Specialist officers found traces of the suspected ricin - 6,000 times more deadly than cyanide - after a swoop in the village of Burnopfield , Co Durham .
The raid on Tuesday followed tracking of internet activity and an operation involving Special Branch and MI5 .
Durham 's assistant chief constable Mick Barton said : " We believe the people involved to be white supremacist extremists and one of our lines of inquiries is that they were going to target ethnic minorities .
There was internet activity including the Anarchists '
Cookbook traced to an address and that has given lines of inquiry in this country and abroad .
" White supremacists seem to hate an awful lot of people . "
Officers were last night questioning two men .
" compiler - rt " runtime libraries
The compiler - rt project consists of :
builtins - a simple library that provides an implementation of the low - level target - specific hooks required by code generation and other runtime components .
For example , when compiling for a 32 - bit target , converting a double to a 64 - bit unsigned integer is compiling into a runtime call to the " __fixunsdfdi " function .
The builtins library provides optimized implementations of this and other low - level routines , either in target - independent C form , or as a heavily - optimized assembly .
builtins provides full support for the libgcc interfaces on supported targets and high performance hand tuned implementations of commonly used functions like __floatundidf in assembly that are dramatically faster than the libgcc implementations .
It should be very easy to bring builtins to support a new target by adding the new routines needed by that target .
sanitizer runtimes - runtime libraries that are required to run the code with sanitizer instrumentation .
This includes runtimes for : AddressSanitizer ThreadSanitizer UndefinedBehaviorSanitizer MemorySanitizer LeakSanitizer DataFlowSanitizer
- runtime libraries that are required to run the code with sanitizer instrumentation .
This includes runtimes for : profile - library which is used to collect coverage information .
- library which is used to collect coverage information .
BlocksRuntime - a target - independent implementation of Apple " Blocks " runtime interfaces .
All of the code in the compiler - rt project is dual licensed under the MIT license and the UIUC License ( a BSD - like license ) .
Clients
Currently compiler - rt is primarily used by the Clang and LLVM projects as the implementation for the runtime compiler support libraries .
For more information on using compiler - rt with Clang , please see the Clang Getting Started page .
Platform Support
builtins is known to work on the following platforms :
Machine Architectures : i386 , X86-64 , SPARC64 , ARM , PowerPC , PowerPC 64 .
OS : AuroraUX , DragonFlyBSD , FreeBSD , NetBSD , Linux , Darwin .
Most sanitizer runtimes are supported only on Linux x86 - 64 .
See tool - specific pages in Clang docs for more details .
Source Structure
A short explanation of the directory structure of compiler - rt :
For testing it is possible to build a generic library and an optimized library .
The optimized library is formed by overlaying the optimized versions onto the generic library .
Of course , some architectures have additional functions , so the optimized library may have functions not found in the generic version .
include / contains headers that can be included in user programs ( for example , users may directly call certain function from sanitizer runtimes ) .
lib / contains libraries implementations .
lib / builtins is a generic portable implementation of builtins routines .
routines . lib / builtins / ( arch ) has optimized versions of some routines for the supported architectures .
test / contains test suites for compiler - rt runtimes .
Get it and get involved !
Generally , you need to build LLVM / Clang in order to build compiler - rt .
You can build it either together with llvm and clang , or separately .
To build it together , simply add compiler - rt to the - DLLVM_ENABLE_PROJECTS= option to cmake .
To build it separately , first build LLVM separately to get llvm - config binary , and then run :
cd llvm - project
mkdir build - compiler -rt
cd build - compiler -rt
cmake ../ compiler-rt -DLLVM_CONFIG_PATH=/path/to/llvm-config
make
Tests for sanitizer runtimes are ported to llvm - lit and are run by make check - all command in LLVM / Clang / compiler - rt build tree .
compiler - rt libraries are installed to the system with make install command in either LLVM / Clang / compiler - rt or standalone compiler - rt build tree .
compiler - rt does n't have its own mailing list , if you have questions please email the llvm - dev mailing list .
Commits to the compiler - rt SVN module are automatically sent to the llvm - commits mailing list .
For a small fee , of course .
Via Tyler Cowen , two websites -- Eternal Earth - Bound Pets , USA and JesusPets – that promise a service in which atheists who are also animal - lovers agree to care for the pets of those taken in the rapture .
From Eternal Earth - Bound Pets :
You 've committed your life to Jesus .
You know you 're saved .
But when the Rapture comes what 's to become of your loving pets who are left behind ?
Eternal Earth - Bound
Pets takes that burden off your mind .
We are a group of dedicated animal lovers , and atheists .
Each Eternal Earth - Bound
Pet representative is a confirmed atheist , and as such will still be here on Earth after you 've received your reward .
Our network of animal activists are committed to step in when you step up to Jesus .
We are currently active in 20 states and growing .
Our representatives have been screened to ensure that they are atheists , animal lovers , are moral / ethical with no criminal background , have the ability and desire to rescue your pet and the means to retrieve them and ensure their care for your pet 's natural life .
. . .
Our service is plain and simple ; our fee structure is reasonable .
For $ 110.00 we will guarantee that should the Rapture occur within ten ( 10 ) years of receipt of payment , one pet per residence will be saved .
Each additional pet at your residence will be saved for an additional $ 15.00 fee .
A small price to pay for your peace of mind and the health and safety of your four legged friends .
Unfortunately at this time we are not equipped to accommodate all species and must limit our services to dogs , cats , birds , rabbits , and small caged mammals .
From JesusPets :
If Jesus returns tonight , who will feed your pets tomorrow ?
Make hard CA$ H from home while the world is in flames !
Are you an animal lover ; and also an atheist , agnostic , jew , muslim , or other non-Christian ?
If so , you might qualify for the JesusPets Partner Program !
JesusPets will pay YOU to take care of dogs , cats , and other pets .
To qualify , you must agree with this statement :
The JesusPets Partner Program Statement
I love animals , and am willing to care for pets after the Christian Rapture .
I am not , and never have been a born - again Christian .
I believe it is immoral to have sex with animals , and have no desire to do so .
I believe it is immoral to consume common domesticated pets ( note : this includes goldfish ! ) , and have no desire to do so .
If you agree with , then please contact JesusPets to join our international community of JesusPets Partners !
As Cowen notes , JesusPets promises an important service that Eternal Earth Bound does not : namely , not to consume or have sex with your pets after you ’re gone ( surely such comfort is worth a premium ) .
Apparently other commercial enterprises are built around preparing for the rapture , for example by notifying your loved ones about what has happened to you , and sending them messages after the rapture .
Law & Order fans will recall this episode on the same theme .
Sort of reminds me of our Reincarnation Bank post over the summer , which promised to help you plan for ( all of ) your futures , by offering safe keeping for any asset you wish to deposit until you return for it in a later life
Image Source : www.thechefinstead.ca/ house.html
Not long ago , id Software ’s John Carmack told Edge magazine that the PlayStation 3 version of RAGE was running at a cool 20 - 30 frames per second while the PC and Xbox 360 versions were hitting 50 - 60 FPS .
Carmack said the PS3 - centric issue had something to do with Rastafarians and not being able to “ split things off . ”
The fact nugget caused a bit of brouhaha on the Internet , one in which id is rightfully attempting to stomp via the official RAGE Twitter account .
“ The Edge Magazine article has caused quite a ruckus .
We are committed to ensuring that gamers on all platforms have a great RAGE experience , ” the studio said in a recent tweet .
RAGE , by the way , is an unfinished property by a studio known for its ability to create great videogame engines .
RAGE currently has no release window which means id has all the time it needs to create the experience indicated by the tweet .
[ via Shacknews ]
Scholarly journals do not pay authors for their articles , and have not done so since the first journals were launched in London and Paris in 1665 .
Journals took off because they were more timely than books .
For readers , journals were better than books for learning quickly about the recent work of others , and for authors they were better than books for sharing new work quickly with the wider world and , above all , for establishing priority over other scientists working on the same problem .
They gave authors the benefit of a fast , public time - stamp on their work .
Because authors were rewarded in these strong , intangible ways , they accepted the fact that journals could n't afford to pay them .
Over time , journal revenue grew but authors continued in the tradition of writing articles for impact , not for money .
It was amusing to see that there was this transition from books to journals , for pretty much the same reason that in computer science we have seen a transition from journals to conferences .
I am wondering if the senior scholars of the day were commenting on this transition in the same way that Mike Trick
It was amusing to see that there was this transition from books to journals , for pretty much the same reason that in computer science we have seen a transition from journals to conferences .
I am wondering if the senior scholars of the day were commenting on this transition in the same way that Mike Trick commented on the similar tension between journal and conference publications
if a subgroup chooses a method of evaluation antithetical to the mores of the rest of academe , do n’t be surprised if the group gets little respect outside their narrow group
Look at Terry Tao ’s wonderful series of posts explaining one of the biggest breakthroughs in recent mathematical history , the proof of the Poincare conjecture .
Or Tim Gowers recent experiment in “ massively collaborative mathematics ” , using open source principles to successfully attack a significant mathematical problem .
Or Richard Lipton ’s excellent series of posts exploring his ideas for solving a major problem in computer science , namely , finding a fast algorithm for factoring large numbers .
So , does the future of publication rely on self - publishing ?
Daniel Lemire may be right saying :
So , does the future of publication rely on self - publishing ?
Daniel Lemire may be right saying :
To me , the single most important recent event in academic publishing has been the publication by Perelman of his solution to the Poincarré conjecture on arxiv .
This is truly a historical event .
Will this change alter fundamentally the way academia works ?
I do not think so .
It will simply mean that every scholar will be very careful about the quality of the work that is self - published .
When everyone can speak , people will only listen to those that generate content of high quality , effectively ignoring those that publish for the sake of publishing .
Will this change alter fundamentally the way academia works ?
I do not think so .
It will simply mean that every scholar will be very careful about the quality of the work that is self - published .
When everyone can speak , people will only listen to those that generate content of high quality , effectively ignoring those that publish for the sake of publishing .
I was reading the overview on Open Access Overview by Peter Suber , and I ran into the following paragraph : So may be a few years from now , we will see a similar problem as people will start leaving " traditional " peer - reviewing behind , opting for new modes of publication , such as self - publishing .
Michael Nielsen has an excellent article on the disruption of scientific publishing .
Micheal points to the high quality blog posts from high - quality researchers :
This originally appeared on Safiya ’s blog Outlines .
A lot of the discourse of Muslim women both here and elsewhere concerns the battle to speak for ourselves .
To define our religion , our beliefs on our terms , without the headpatting and correcting of outsiders .
Fatemeh ’s post at Altmuslimah gives a thorough outline of the usual mistakes made by those who seek to defend Muslim women , without actually listening to them .
How disappointing to view an article on The Guardian website , Rahila Gupta headed , ‘ The Burka is a cloth soaked in blood ’ .
I have to admit , that my initial response to such a statement was to think , “ Only if you ’re not wearing enough sanitary protection and that could apply to any item of clothing ” .
Sadly , the article did not go on to tackle laundry issues , instead it focused on the narcoleptic topic of Muslim Women are Suffering in Their Scarves and I Care About Them More Then You Do .
First , Muslim women are told what their identity priorities should be .
Gender should come before , race or communal identity .
As for religious identity , Gupta does not mention that , so presumably is is not a valid option .
Then comes the bold statement that , “ This is a cloth that comes soaked in blood ” .
At this point one feels like patting Gupta gently on the hand and explaining that however savage she ’s heard Muslims are , we do n’t like to wear our clothes soaked with blood , in fact we view blood as a rather unclean substance .
Gupta choses to back up this bold statement by invoking the three countries which must be named whenever talking about Muslim women : Saudi Arabia , Iran and Afghanistan .
According to Gupta , no discussion of the burqa or hijab is possible without mentioning these three countries .
This is despite the fact that the majority of Muslim women do not live in either of those countries .
Ironically , Gupta sees no problem with restricting the voices of Muslim women in order to ease restrictions on the clothing of Muslim women .
In fact , to her , it is we Western Muslim sisters who are the silencers : by talking about our own experiences of hijab , we are dismissing the suffering of our Afghan , Iranian and Saudi sisters .
This is despite the all charity work , awareness - raising and many articles , both in new and old media written by Muslim women concerning this very subject .
Again , in her rush to save the Muslim women , she actually ignores the work and dialogue of Muslim women , implying that we cannot help ourselves .
After listing and dismissing what she feels are common reasons Western Muslim women might wear the hijab , she then jumps to the conclusion that women are raped , even when covered , so why bother covering ?
Well , because if we believe that a women is raped because a rapist raped her , rather then because she was wearing X , Y or Z , then this means that women ’s clothing is immaterial in any discussion of violence and rape against women .
So therefore , just because a hijab or burqa does not provide protection against rape , does not mean a women cannot choose to wear it .
The clear problem with this article is that Gupta feels she knows what is best for Muslim women .
Her final statement is that women should not have to bear the brunt of men ’s lust .
She might actually find that Muslim women agree with her , but she would have to listen to us first .
After a wave of complaints from customers , Microsoft has dropped a controversial online ad for its Internet Explorer web browser that featured a vomiting woman .
The spot , which hit the internet earlier this week , had received a mixed reception from web users .
In the minute - long advert , Dean Cain - the actor best known for playing Superman in the 1990s TV series - fronts a spoof public information film highlighting the features of the new software .
The scene shows a woman who discovers an offensive website on her husband 's browser , the contents of which cause her to vomit three times .
Cain suggests Internet Explorer 's privacy options mean that users will never have to suffer from what he calls OMGIGP - " Oh My God , I 'm Gonna Puke " syndrome - ever again .
But after widespread disgust at the graphic nature of the ad , Microsoft has pulled the advertisement .
In a statement , the US software corporation called the spot " tongue - in - cheek " , but said that it had decided to drop it after complaints from those who found it offensive .
" While much of the feedback to this particular piece of creative was positive , some of our customers found it offensive , so we have removed it , " the company said .
" We make a point of listening to our customers " .
It is a blow for Microsoft , which has been trying to reposition itself with an advertising blitz , and for the American agency which created the series , Bradley & Montgomery .
However , the edgy nature of the ads appears to have been part of the appeal for Microsoft : last month director Bobcat Goldthwait - a veteran of the Police Academy movies - told BrandWeek that some of the adverts in the series were " more nutty in tone " .
Although the ad has now been pulled from Microsoft 's website , it is still available on YouTube ( warning : obviously this features material that some might find offensive ) :
It ’s a safe bet that 100 years from now most half - way educated people will know about Neil Armstrong .
It ’s also a safe bet that in a century the name Michael Jackson will be familiar only to five or six cultural anthropologists and , possibly , a medical historian .
So what does it say about the United States in 2009 that the late moon - walker is a household name but the living one is not ?
Plenty has been written about the Apollo program : the technological wonder ; its place in history ; the fact that we have n’t gone very far since .
Not enough has been written about the Apollo astronauts and , in particular , about their place in the history of American character .
That ’s a pity :
What they have , or had , is something Americans could use .
That something is “ The Right Stuff , ” which in the movie version means fearlessness , ambition , unblinking patriotism and a penchant for understated irony .
Most of us would probably think of the Right Stuff as some combination of piloting skills and a barrelful of guts .
But the really essential ingredient is personal modesty , if not in private than certainly in public .
“ One day you ’re just Gene Cernan , young naval aviator , whatever , ” recalls the commander of Apollo 17 in the documentary , “ In the Shadow of the Moon . ” “ And the next day you ’re an American hero .
Literally .
And you have done nothing . ”
Mr. Cernan is the last man to have walked on the moon .
Nobody can accuse him of lacking for courage .
He is simply expressing the very human bewilderment of a sentient person caught in the blandishments of modern celebrity culture .
Does America make men like Gene Cernan anymore ?
It was one of two models used in the film
James Bond 's Lotus Esprit from the film For Your Eyes Only has been sold to a Middle Eastern buyer for £ 105,000 at an auction in Oxfordshire .
The sale at Blenheim Palace took place on Saturday .
The auction firm Coys said the buyer was a telephone bidder .
Two identical cars were supplied for the Production , but one was blown up during a stunt .
The car was designed to be a less gadget - laden and more realistic than the elaborate models of the 1970s .
It was the work of Lotus 's own development team .
Prior to its role in the Bond film , the car was used by Lotus boss Colin Chapman .
SAN FRANCISCO ( MarketWatch ) -- Toyota Motor Corp. TM , - 1.34 % plans to cut its global capacity production by 10 % , or by 1 million vehicles , as early as this fiscal year , Nikkei reported on its online edition Tuesday in a story dated for Wednesday .
Production volume , which peaked at 9.5 million vehicles in 2007 , is expected to fall to about 6.7 million vehicles in 2009 , according to Nikkei .
Toyota currently has a production capacity of 10 million vehicles a year .
Former Guantánamo detainee Binyam Mohamed has launched an urgent legal attempt to prevent the US courts from destroying crucial evidence that he says proves he was abused while being held at the detention camp , the Guardian has learned .
The evidence is said to consist of a photograph of Mohamed , a British resident , taken after he was severely beaten by guards at the US navy base in Cuba .
The image , now held by the Pentagon , had been put on his cell door , he says .
Mohamed claims he was told later that this was done because he had been beaten so badly that it was difficult for the guards to identify him .
In a sworn statement seen by the Guardian , Mohamed has appealed to the federal district court in Washington not to destroy the photograph , which neither he nor his lawyers have a copy of , and which is classified under US law .
The US government considered the case closed once Mohamed was released and returned to Britain in February .
The photograph will be destroyed within 30 days of his case being dismissed by the American courts – a decision on which is due to be taken by a judge imminently , Clive Stafford Smith , Mohamed 's British lawyer and director of Reprieve , the legal charity , said today .
Under US law , evidence relating to dismissed cases must be automatically destroyed .
The only way to preserve the photograph is to have it accepted as a court document .
This is the aim of Mohamed 's appeal and he says he needs the image as a crucial piece of evidence to fight his case against US authorities for unlawful incarceration and abuse .
" That is one piece of physical evidence that I know exists of my abuse , " he says in the statement , adding that it was taken in Guantánamo in 2006 .
After being kicked and punched , he says his guards " applied force to a pressure point on my arm , twisting the handcuffs up ...
They tried to open my closed fists up by bending my fingers back one at a time . "
They took a picture of him when , he says , he was on the floor pinioned by the guards .
He continues : " They then slammed me and my Qur'an into the fence . "
After he objected , he says , they " slammed me into the fence again " .
He adds : " They then strapped me into a restraint chair and cut off half my beard .
They then performed the humiliating ' anal cavity search ' , although it was painfully obvious that there was nothing to find . "
Mohamed also describes how at one point he screamed and that this " made them redouble their efforts and my situation got worse " .
He adds : " One [ military guard ] took the heel of my hand and pushed my nose up violently .
One soldier pulled on my jaw .
They slammed my forehead down on the concrete floor .
One grabbed my testicles and punched me . "
Mohamed said : " The authorities have consistently denied that I have been abused , and this is physical evidence that I am telling the truth , and they are not . "
The Guardian is also writing to the court asking for the photographs to be disclosed in the interests of open justice and freedom of expression .
Mohamed 's lawyers and media organisations are already embroiled in a dispute in the UK high court over a refusal by David Miliband , the foreign secretary , and the US to disclose what their intelligence agencies knew about Mohamed 's torture .
Mohamed was seized and held in Pakistan in 2002 before being secretly renditioned to Morocco .
He was subsequently flown to Afghanistan before being sent to Guantánamo .
Mohamed says he knows of other photographs taken of him in Morocco and Afghanistan , but he has not seen them .
" These pictures including photos of my genitals , " he said .
" Although the US authorities still apparently deny it and refuse even to admit that I was rendered to Morocco , I was horribly tortured there and had a razor blade taken to my genitals " .
He also says he suspects that witness B – an MI5 officer who interrogated him in Pakistan in 2002 and currently the subject of a British police investigation – is being used as a scapegoat .
" The main responsibility lies with those who established the policy of abuse , not with the functionaries who carried out their orders , " he says in his statement .
Stafford Smith said : " It is difficult to understand the continuing policy of the Obama administration .
Surely the public has the right to know the crimes committed by US personnel against a British resident like Binyam Mohamed . "
Audit the Fed , or End It ?
By David Henderson
The Congressman I admire most , Ron Paul , is advocating that the Federal Reserve Bank be audited .
Is this a good idea ?
I think there ’s one obvious plus and there are two less - obvious minuses .
The obvious plus is that an organization of bureaucrats that is used to not giving much information to Congress and to Americans in general would be required to open its books .
Whenever a bureaucrat is humbled , all other things equal , that ’s a good thing .
Now , to the minuses .
The first minus flows directly from the one plus .
Much as some of us might enjoy seeing unelected bureaucrats squirm , the purpose seems to be , and the likely result would be , to make the Fed less independent .
But a lot of research in the last 15 years or so , including work done by Alberto Alesina and Larry Summers [ pdf. ] , finds that the more independent a central bank is , the lower is its inflation rate .
So an ironic effect of auditing the Fed and reducing its independence could well be to raise the inflation rate .
The second minus is related to the first .
The whole idea of a having one federal agency audit another typically excites mainly inside - the - Beltway people .
Remember that Ron Paul will not be conducting the audit and that the “ consumers ” of the audit , Congress , are not 534 Ron Paul clones .
It could not only lead to the first minus above , but could distract from discussion of more serious reforms such as ending the Fed .
One final point that is neither a plus nor a minus .
The Fed , for all its secretiveness , is by no means the most secret government agency in Washington .
I ’m not talking about the obvious deep - cover organizations like the CIA or the National Security Agency .
I ’m talking about rank - and - file agencies like the Treasury Department , the EPA , the Department of Energy .
Are they required to provide less information about their activities than the Fed is now required to provide ?
It ’s not obvious to me that they are .
Postscript : I enjoyed the interview that an anonymous ( of course ) interviewer with The Economist did with Ron Paul .
My favorite line comes at the 10:24 point when they are discussing a world without the Fed .
SHAOGUAN , China —
At the heart of a deadly June toy factory clash that sparked mass protests and killings 2,000 miles away in China ’s far west lies a government policy that sends thousands of young Muslim Uighurs to fill labor gaps in the southeast .
Experts say despite yawning cultural differences and communication problems between Uighurs and the majority Han Chinese , there typically is little language training or other preparation for young Uighurs before they arrive in Guangdong province for factory jobs .
Most come straight off the farm , far even from the Xinjiang capital of Urumqi , and are dropped directly into an atmosphere that might as well be a different planet .
Their governments and factory managers — accustomed to hiring millions of Chinese workers from all across the country to work together — may have misjudged the Uighurs ’ ability to quickly assimilate .
The Uighurs , after all , speak a completely different language , adhere to Islam and do n’t eat pork , which is China ’s staple meat .
They are given separate food choices , but that ’s about it when it comes to cultural considerations .
“ Company bosses do n’t care about such things .
They only care about money , cost , ” said Xiao Qingshan , who runs an aid group for migrant workers in Guangdong province .
Factory life , seemingly well suited to millions of young Chinese migrant farm kids out on their first big adventure away from home , often fails for the Uighurs , who simply do n’t blend easily with Han culture .
The wages are attractive to many , as is the sense of fun .
But the barriers are tough to overcome .
“ You can see many Uighurs here on the streets without jobs , because they can't speak Mandarin , ” said Xiao .
“ They first came and tried to find stable work but instead , they took up small street - side businesses like selling lamb kebabs .
Some of them have turned to crime . ”
The “ surplus labor ” program , designed to move workers from poorer , economically stagnant places like Xinjiang to fill often low - paying jobs others no longer want , has been the subject of controversy specific to Uighurs for several years .
Han Chinese move to Xinjiang to work , while Uighurs move out from Xinjiang into other parts of China , creating attempted cultural assimilation via economics .
“ The government enforces repressive labor policies , including measures that have a disproportionate negative impact on ethnic minorities , ” the U.S. Congressional Executive Commission on China said about Xinjiang in its 2008 report .
The commission talked about forced labor , where farmers are coerced primarily through financial threats from local governments to send their children to faraway factories .
Last year ,
Nike faced accusations that a Taiwanese factory making its shoes in Huizhou was employing under - aged girls against their will .
Factory workers in Huizhou said three - quarters of the 1,200 Uighur workers there last year went home .
The other 300 will leave in August , though the reason for their departure is unclear .
One Uighur worker said he was forced to move from Kashgar to Huizhou for work , but would not elaborate on how .
Last Friday in Shaoguan , Ahat Sayet , head of the Shufu district in Kashgar that sent 818 Uighur workers to the toy factory in May , spoke about local labor policies .
Despite the killing of two Uighurs during the June 26 brawl in their dorm , Sayet said Kashgar would send more people to the toy factory , after first bolstering education and training for new arrivals .
Still , the hundreds of Uighurs who worked at the factory apparently are being kept behind locked gates 10 miles up the road in an old , heavily guarded factory compound .
Local officials say they have resumed toy factory work , but did not allow any independent interviews with Uighurs to discuss either the murders or their current lives and work .
Friends at another factory several hours away said the Uighurs in Shaoguan are not being allowed to leave the gated compound , and are given only limited phone access — via two public telephones .
They report that some who were outside when the attack commenced may have escaped , but many more remain inside .
The Uighurs were sent to Shaoguan ’s toy factory in May and , workers said , problems began soon after .
Rape accusations against the Uighur men were posted online .
Though police have said there were no rape complaints , the situation disintegrated .
Late on June 25 , the police said , a massive , two - hour , bloody brawl broke out that killed two and injured more than 100 .
Uighurs said they were sleeping when the Han launched an unprovoked attack .
The murderous mayhem could have happened at any of the scores of factories across China ’s south where Uighur and Han workers have been thrown together .
What remains unknown is how and if the government will continue its labor policy , while making sure to prevent ethnically charged mayhem again .
More on China 's labor situation :
At a Nike factory in China , Uighurs worry
Uighur workers held behind locked gates
The end of the " Chinese Dream ? "
A more lonely and horrible death is hard to imagine .
Edwin Dyer had only gone to Africa to attend one of the burgeoning music festivals breathing new life into the arid economy of the southern Sahara .
But as he returned from a Tuareg festival in Mali in January he was kidnapped along with three other Westerners and held for four months by militants .
Last week the militants , who align themselves with al - Qa'ida , said they had beheaded the 61 - year - old Briton .
The murder marked a disturbing shift in the ill - defined battle with al - Qa'ida .
He is the first Briton to be killed in the region .
His death also exposed the shadows of Western intelligence in the area , some observers say .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Mr Dyer was abducted when the convoy he was travelling in was ambushed at Mali 's border with Niger by local tribesmen .
It is believed the kidnappers sold their catch to a group called al - Qa'ida in the Islamic Maghreb , formerly known as the Salafist Group for Preaching and Combat – Algerian insurgents who aligned themselves to al - Qa'ida in 2003 .
By February this group was claiming responsibility for the kidnapping .
Little more was heard of Mr Dyer , who worked in Austria , until his execution was publicised last week .
The militants had called for the British government to release the Muslim cleric Abu Qatada , who is in prison pending extradition to Jordan , where he faces terrorism charges .
Other reports claimed Britain had refused to pay a ransom .
Two women kidnapped with him were released in April after money allegedly changed hands .
" They do n't give a damn about Abu Qatada .
They were n't prepared to release Mr Dyer for nothing , " Mohamed Ben-Madani , the editor of the Maghreb Review , said .
One of the suspects in the kidnapping is Abdelhamid Abou Zeid , listed by the UN as an al - Qa'ida militant .
Writing in The Independent , Jeremy Keenan , professor of social anthropology at the School of Oriental and African Studies in London , claimed Abou Zeid is a member of the Algerian security services and US intelligence had been interfering in the region .
" In 2002 there were plans by Algerian security forces to kidnap Western tourists to make it look like there was terrorism in the Sahara , " he said .
" What the West set up ... seems to have spiralled out of control .
The culpability for Mr Dyer 's murder rests as much with Western intelligence services as with al - Qa'ida . "
“ If you love your skin , your skin loves you too ” .
That ’s a motto of the Skin Italy company which offers a unique fashion line of swimsuits .
Small heart - shaped cutout on a swimsuit ’s behind is a peculiar feature of this outfit that looks quite regular , but – nevertheless – awards its owner with a cute tanned tattoo while one is suntanning on the beach .
Painlessness is the major advantage of such temporary tattoo which lasts as long as your tan has not faded .
However , regretfully enough the variety of shapes is limited to a heart cutout that is seen on multi-colored swimsuits costing around $ 56 .
Source of the images : skin-italy.com .
John Ensign speaks to reporters on Capitol Hill .
NRSC paid son of woman in affair
The son of the couple at the center of the sex scandal that has engulfed Sen .
John Ensign was being paid by National Republican Senatorial Committee in 2008 at the same time his mother was having an affair with the Nevada Republican .
Both Doug and Cynthia Hampton were already working in senior positions for Ensign when their son Brandon Hampton was hired to do “ research policy consulting ” for the NRSC in March 2008 .
Advertisement
The younger Hampton , 19 , was paid $ 5,400 before he left the Ensign office in August last year , Federal Election Commission records show .
That means during March and April 2008 , three members of the Hampton family were working for Ensign .
Both Doug and Cynthia Hampton stopped working for Ensign at the end of April 2008 .
According to people familiar with the matter , Ensign ’s affair with Hampton took place between December 2007 and August 2008 .
A trusted political aide , Cynthia Hampton served as the treasurer for both Ensign ’s reelection campaign and for his leadership fund , Battle Born PAC .
She received $ 10,620 through the Battle Born PAC during January to April 2008 – a pay rate that was far higher during that four - month period than the $ 11,767 she received from the committee during all of 2007 .
The Politico 44 Story Widget Requires Adobe Flash Player
Cynthia Hampton was also paid $ 11 , 912 by Ensign ’s reelection campaign between Jan. 2007 and April 2008 , with her monthly salary doubling later in the year .
According to Senate payroll records , Doug Hampton served as Ensign ’s administrative assistant in his personal office from November 2006 to May 2008 , departing around the same time Cynthia Hampton left Ensign ’s political committees .
After leaving Ensign ’s office , Doug Hampton went to work for a Las Vegas political consulting firm called November Inc. which is run by several former Ensign aides .
Doug Hampton was paid about $ 101,000 for seven months of work in fiscal 2008 – a higher monthly rate than he was previously paid .
He made $ 144,000 in all of 2007 .
A psychiatrist with intense acrophobia ( fear of heights ) goes to work for a mental institution run by doctors who appear to be crazier than their patients , and have secrets that they are willing to commit murder to keep .
Mel Brooks brings his one - of - a- kind comic touch to the history of mankind covering events from the Old Testament to the French Revolution in a series of episodic comedy vignettes .
A star pilot and his sidekick must come to the rescue of a Princess and save the galaxy from a ruthless race of beings known as Spaceballs .
An American grandson of the infamous scientist , struggling to prove that his grandfather was not as insane as people believe , is invited to Transylvania , where he discovers the process that reanimates a dead body .
The Ultimate Western Spoof .
A town where everyone seems to be named Johnson is in the way of the railroad .
In order to grab their land , Hedley Lemar ( Harvey Korman ) , a politically connected nasty person , sends in his henchmen to make the town unlivable .
After the sheriff is killed , the town demands a new sheriff from the Governor ( Mel Brooks ) .
Hedley convinces him to send the town the first Black sheriff ( Cleavon Little ) in the west .
Bart is a sophisticated urbanite who will have some difficulty winning over the townspeople .
Written by John Vogel < jlvogel@comcast.net >
Did You Know ?
Trivia
Even though the US movie release schedule used to be less structured around saving major big - budget releases for summer ( either May or June through August ) or December , it was still a huge surprise when this film became a blockbuster hit after going into wide release in February 1974 .
There was a general expectation then -- which still persists to some extent -- that films released in February , April or October were ones in which studios had limited confidence , and were only hoping for overachieving returns .
This movie remains the last US film to be released in February and finish as that year 's # 1 film in box - office receipts , until Marvel 's Even though the US movie release schedule used to be less structured around saving major big - budget releases for summer ( either May or June through August ) or December , it was still a huge surprise when this film became a blockbuster hit after going into wide release in February 1974 .
There was a general expectation then -- which still persists to some extent -- that films released in February , April or October were ones in which studios had limited confidence , and were only hoping for overachieving returns .
This movie remains the last US film to be released in February and finish as that year 's # 1 film in box - office receipts , until Marvel 's Black Panther ( 2018 ) .
See more
Goofs ( at around 29 mins ) After Sheriff Bart has accepted the duties of Sheriff , Reverend Johnson holds up a Bible and tells everyone pointing a gun at Sheriff Bart to " Not let anger rule the day . "
Then out of nowhere the Bible gets a hole shot through it .
You can clearly see that no one gathered around the platform has a smoking gun .
In 1874 they would have still been using black powder .
The smoke would have to clear before they could if they hit anything .
( at around 29 mins ) After Sheriff Bart has accepted the duties of Sheriff , Reverend Johnson holds up a Bible and tells everyone pointing a gun at Sheriff Bart to " Not let anger rule the day . "
Then out of nowhere the Bible gets a hole shot through it .
You can clearly see that no one gathered around the platform has a smoking gun .
In 1874 they would have still been using black powder .
The smoke would have to clear before they could if they hit anything .
See more
Quotes [ first lines ]
: Come on , boys !
The way you 're lollygaggin ' around here with them picks and them shovels , you 'd think it was a hundert an ' twenty degree .
Ca n't be more than a hundert an ' fourteen .
See more » Lyle : Come on , boys !
The way you 're lollygaggin ' around here with them picks and them shovels , you 'd think it was a hundert an ' twenty degree .
Ca n't be more than a hundert an ' fourteen .
Crazy Credits The Warner Bros .
Pictures logo is on a black screen and burns on fire , revealing the start of the movie .
The Warner Bros .
Pictures logo is on a black screen and burns on fire , revealing the start of the movie .
See more
Alternate Versions
On most TV prints , the song sung by the citizens of Rock Ridge in the church is censored at the end .
In the original , they sing " Our town is turning into shit . "
The TV version dubs an off - key organ chord sound effect over the offensive word .
On most TV prints , the song sung by the citizens of Rock Ridge in the church is censored at the end .
In the original , they sing " Our town is turning into shit . "
The TV version dubs an off - key organ chord sound effect over the offensive word .
See more
Just so you are aware of how much we are spending on foreign aid ( much of which is nothing more than selling arms / weapons to other countries ) , here is some information :
Who Gets U.S. Foreign Aid The U.S. will give an estimated $ 26 billion in foreign aid in 2008 — 70 % more than when President George W. Bush took office ( the figure does n’t include funds related to the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan ) .
More than 150 countries get financial assistance from the U.S.
Here are the six that received the most this year .
COUNTRY AID PURPOSE Israel $ 2.4 billion Virtually all of this money is used to buy weapons ( up to 75 % made in the U.S. ) .
Beginning in 2009 , the U.S. plans to give $ 30 billion over 10 years .
Egypt $ 1.7 billion $ 1.3 billion to buy weapons ; $ 103 million for education ; $ 74 million for health care ; $ 45 million to promote civic participation and human rights .
Pakistan $ 798 million $ 330 million for security efforts , including military - equipment upgrades and border security ; $ 20 million for infrastructure .
Jordan $ 688 million $ 326 million to fight terrorism and promote regional stability through equipment upgrades and training ; $ 163 million cash payment to the Jordanian government .
Kenya $ 586 million $ 501 million to fight HIV / AIDS through drug treatment and abstinence education and to combat malaria ; $ 15 million for agricultural development ; $ 5.4 million for programs that promote government accountability .
South Africa $ 574 million $ 557 million to fight TB and HIV / AIDS ; $ 3 million for education .
Mexico $ 551 million Click here for details .
Colombia $ 541 million Click here for details .
Nigeria $ 491 million Click here for details .
Sudan $ 479 million Click here for details .
* Source : Estimates based on figures and documents from the U.S. Department of State .
Click here for more information .
— Rebecca Davis O'Brien
http://digg.com/...
It is interesting to note that the USA spent $ 84.8 billion in aid to Israel from fiscal years 1949 through 1998 , and the interest the U.S. paid to borrow this money , has cost U.S. taxpayers $ 134.8 billion , not adjusted for inflation .
Or , put another way , that is nearly $ 14,630 for every one of 5.8 million Israelis received from the U.S. government by Oct. 31 , 1997 has cost American taxpayers $ 23,240 per Israeli .
Let 's also consider the population of the top three countries :
keep in mind the sizes of the populations :
Israel $ 2.4 billion 7,282,000
Egypt $ 1.7 billion 75,500,662
Pakistan $ 798 million 172,800,000
You know when I was a younger I always thought " foreign aid " meant food , water , medicine and education to poor parts of the world to relieve human suffering , and I suppose some of this money is going towards this , however it is clear what is really going on is that a huge percent of what we call Foreign aid is really ' aid ' disguised as government subsidies for our American corporations to ' help ' them with arms and weapons ' mega - deals ' to feed the Military Industrial Complex .
To fully understand just how much of our tax dollars have been and are being ' given away ' to foreign nations please go to the tables on this site .
Note from these charts how much money we are investing in the oil rich nations and then you will truly understand the underlying reasons of how powerful the Corporate companies that feed off of war and oil have taken over our nation .
http://www.swivel.com/...
One chart is for the years 2000 - 2005 ( five years ) .
The second chart is for the past 50 years .
Honestly ... I may never be the same after reading just how much money we have wasted , and yes , I say wasted on not taking care of our own country and our people .
The fact that we are now borrowing tax payer dollars to give ' aid '( arms , weapons , black mail money ) to other countries , when people in our own nation are dying from lack of decent health care , from poverty and the growing rolls of homeless Americans shows just how insanely dysfunctional we are as a nation .
Why can't we take care of our own people and nation ?
After viewing the various charts on ' swivel ' I came to the conclusion that it is not that American does not have the money for universal health care , it is simply that our Congress will not make any kind of compromises or hard decisions which would enable our government to attend to the needs of the American people .
So do n't let anyone tell you that ' we ' do n't have the money to pay for a decent universal health care program .
We have money , we have shit loads of money , but that money is going into the hands of war mongers , and Corporations whose sole purpose is to sell arms / weapons to kill people .
Calling foreign aid ' peace keeping ' while using it as a guise for selling weapons / arms , giving away billions of dollars to oil rich nations is the last thing that we need right now in our country .
Why is it that we can find one trillion dollars to fund the military this year alone , that we can find $ 700 billion dollars to bail out the crooks and liars at the Banks / Wall Street , but when it comes to actually helping Americans with a decent universal heath care plan -
We are always last on the list .
And that 's the point .
It is our money that ' they ' are spending to ' kill ' instead of ' heal ' and it is a national disgrace .
Do n't let them tell you the ' money is n't there '... the money is there and it is going into the pockets that support the Military Industrial Complex and the Corporations that hold all of the government contracts to build and sell arms and weapons .
Print
Exclusive
Cure for radiation sickness ?
Photo : AP
click here to enlarge text click here to reduce text
Cure for radiation sickness found ?
Exclusive : Dramatic discovery by Jewish - American scientists could change world ; anti-radiation medication proves effective , safe in tests .
Further experiments to be fast tracked , FDA approval possible within 1 - 2 years
Ronen Bergman
Medication that can protect humans against nuclear radiation has been developed by Jewish - American scientists in cooperation with a researcher and investors from Israel .
The full story behind the dramatic discovery will be published in Yedioth Ahronoth 's weekend edition .
The ground - breaking medication , developed by Professor Andrei Gudkov – Chief Scientific Officer at Cleveland BioLabs - may have far - reaching implications on the balance of power in the world , as states capable of providing their citizens with protection against radiation will enjoy a significant strategic advantage vis -à - vis their rivals .
The ground - breaking medication , developed by Professor Andrei Gudkov – Chief Scientific Officer at Cleveland BioLabs - may have far - reaching implications on the balance of power in the world , as states capable of providing their citizens with protection against radiation will enjoy a significant strategic advantage vis -à - vis their rivals .
For Israel , the discovery marks a particularly dramatic development that could deeply affect the main issue on the defense establishment 's agenda : Protection against a nuclear attack by Iran or against " dirty bomb " attacks by terror groups .
For Israel , the discovery marks a particularly dramatic development that could deeply affect the main issue on the defense establishment 's agenda : Protection against a nuclear attack by Iran or against " dirty bomb " attacks by terror groups .
Gudkov 's discovery may also have immense implications for cancer patients by enabling doctors to better protect patients against radiation .
Should the new medication enable cancer patients to be treated with more powerful radiation , our ability to fight the disease could greatly improve .
Gudkov 's discovery may also have immense implications for cancer patients by enabling doctors to better protect patients against radiation .
Should the new medication enable cancer patients to be treated with more powerful radiation , our ability to fight the disease could greatly improve .
Dramatic test results
The process that led up to the medical innovation dates back to 2003 , when Professor Gudkov came up with the idea of using protein produced in bacteria found in the intestine to protect cells from radiation .
The process that led up to the medical innovation dates back to 2003 , when Professor Gudkov came up with the idea of using protein produced in bacteria found in the intestine to protect cells from radiation .
Gudkov recounted an experiment he held with two groups of mice .
Gudkov recounted an experiment he held with two groups of mice .
" We exposed both groups to lethal radioactive radiation , " he said .
" All the mice in the control group died within a short period of time .
A few days later , when I approached the cage with the mice that received the protein , I could see that they 're ok , that they 're alive .
They survived .
It 's hard to describe the joy all of us felt .
We realized that finally , after so many years and so many experiments and frustrations , we made a breakthrough that may save the lives of millions . "
" We exposed both groups to lethal radioactive radiation , " he said .
" All the mice in the control group died within a short period of time .
A few days later , when I approached the cage with the mice that received the protein , I could see that they 're ok , that they 're alive .
They survived .
It 's hard to describe the joy all of us felt .
We realized that finally , after so many years and so many experiments and frustrations , we made a breakthrough that may save the lives of millions . "
Prof.
Gudkov published the findings of the protein experiment in Science , the world 's leading scientific journal ; however , the discovery of the medication was kept secret until now , while Gudkov and his associated waited for the results of two series of critical tests examining the medication 's effectiveness and safety .
Prof.
Gudkov published the findings of the protein experiment in Science , the world 's leading scientific journal ; however , the discovery of the medication was kept secret until now , while Gudkov and his associated waited for the results of two series of critical tests examining the medication 's effectiveness and safety .
The first series of tests included experiments on more than 650 monkeys .
Each test featured two groups of monkeys exposed to radiation , but only one group was given the medication .
The radiation dosage was equal to the highest dosage sustained by humans as result of the Chernobyl mishap .
The first series of tests included experiments on more than 650 monkeys .
Each test featured two groups of monkeys exposed to radiation , but only one group was given the medication .
The radiation dosage was equal to the highest dosage sustained by humans as result of the Chernobyl mishap .
The experiment 's results were dramatic : 70 % of the monkeys that did not receive the cure died , while the ones that survived suffered from the various maladies associated with lethal nuclear radiation .
However , the group that did receive the anti-radiation shot saw almost all monkeys survive , most of them without any side - effects .
The tests showed that injecting the medication between 24 hours before the exposure to 72 hours following the exposure achieves similar results .
The experiment 's results were dramatic : 70 % of the monkeys that did not receive the cure died , while the ones that survived suffered from the various maladies associated with lethal nuclear radiation .
However , the group that did receive the anti-radiation shot saw almost all monkeys survive , most of them without any side - effects .
The tests showed that injecting the medication between 24 hours before the exposure to 72 hours following the exposure achieves similar results .
Another test on humans , who were given the drug without being exposed to radiation , showed that the medication does not have side - effects and is safe .
Prof .
Gudkov 's company now needs to expand the safety tests , a process expected to be completed by mid-2010 via a shortened test track approved for bio - defense drugs .
Should experiments continue at the current rate , the medication is estimated to be approved for use by the FDA within a year or two .
Another test on humans , who were given the drug without being exposed to radiation , showed that the medication does not have side - effects and is safe .
Prof .
Gudkov 's company now needs to expand the safety tests , a process expected to be completed by mid-2010 via a shortened test track approved for bio - defense drugs .
Should experiments continue at the current rate , the medication is estimated to be approved for use by the FDA within a year or two .
' Stable , safe , and easy to inject '
The company 's subcontractor in Europe is already prepared to embark on mass production .
Meanwhile , emergency regulations in Israel allow the government to purchase drugs on short notice , even if they are still in the process of being approved .
Notably , the medication in question is not a vaccine , but rather , a preventative drug administered via one or several shots .
The medication works by suppressing the " suicide mechanism " of cells hit by radiation , while enabling them to recover from the radiation - induced damages that prompted them to activate the suicide mechanism in the first place .
The medication works by suppressing the " suicide mechanism " of cells hit by radiation , while enabling them to recover from the radiation - induced damages that prompted them to activate the suicide mechanism in the first place .
Prof. Gudkov heads a group of Jewish - American scientists and has cooperated with an Israeli researcher and Israeli investors .
A large part of the revolutionary medication 's development process was funded by the US Defense and Health departments , which thus far earmarked $ 40 million to the project .
About two weeks ago , the US Defense Department announced that in light of the successful tests , it will continue to fund the project .
Prof. Gudkov heads a group of Jewish - American scientists and has cooperated with an Israeli researcher and Israeli investors .
A large part of the revolutionary medication 's development process was funded by the US Defense and Health departments , which thus far earmarked $ 40 million to the project .
About two weeks ago , the US Defense Department announced that in light of the successful tests , it will continue to fund the project .
Today , Feinstein works for an Israel company engaged in cancer research and continues to cooperate with Gudkov .
Referring to the innovative medication , she says : " Both its effectiveness and safety had been proven .
It is stable , safe , and easy to inject . "
Today , Feinstein works for an Israel company engaged in cancer research and continues to cooperate with Gudkov .
Referring to the innovative medication , she says : " Both its effectiveness and safety had been proven .
It is stable , safe , and easy to inject . "
Both Feinstein and Gudkov stress that the innovative drug does not provide 100 % protection against radioactive damage .
However , should the discovery announced by the scientists meet all the required tests and permits , it may change the 21st Century .
Ronen Bergman , a correspondent for Israel ’s largest daily Yedioth Ahronoth , is the author of the “ The Secret War With Iran ”
Back
Infographics can be a great way to quickly reference information .
Instead of pouring over figures and long reports to decipher data , an infographic can immediately make apparent exactly what a dataset actually means .
Below are more than 25 infographics that can be useful to web designers .
Some are incredibly practical , some provide information that might be of interest to designers and some just present data that might be interesting to those who design websites all day .
If you know of any good ones that we may have missed , please add them in the comments section below .
1. Web Trend Map 4
2. Period Table of Typefaces
3. Global Internet Traffic Map
4. Classifying Experiences
5. Flickr User Model
6 . The Browser Wars
7. A Month of Spam
8 . The Life of an Article on the Web
9. Online Communities Map
10 . Map of the World 2.0 Mosaic
11 . The Internet ’s Undersea World
12 . Search Engine Spider Traps
13 . Google PageRank Explained
14 . Building a Company with Social Media
15 . SEO Check List
16 . The Life Cycle of a Blog Post , From Servers to Spiders to Suits — to You
17 . Software Wars
18 . Who Participates Online
19 . What 16 Million Colors Looks Like
20 . Periodic Table of Visualization Methods
21 . Periodic Table of the Internet
22 . Country Codes of the World
23 . Apple ’s Tipping Point : Macs for the Masses
24 . Infoporn : The Cost of Living on the Bleeding Edge of Technology
25 . Map of All Yahoo!
APIs and Services
26 . Digital Media Weights and Measures
27 . Global Color Usage with Respect to Time and Location / 2009 / SML + Adobe Kuler Pulse
28 . Facebook vs. Twitter
Do you feel infographics are effective to display information ?
Please share with us any other infographics that can be of interest to web designers .
Colorado Springs Attorneys : Nursing Home Neglect
For whatever reason , there are some people who feel that the vulnerable are not deserving of respect and dignity .
Even more confounding is the fact that these individuals are occasionally hired in nursing homes to care for the most vulnerable and venerable members of our society : the elderly .
◊ Click Here for a free consultation ◊
Nursing home neglect and elder abuse are abominable injustices that affect not only the abused individual but also the entire family .
At Wills & Adams , LLP , we handle these cases with compassion , respect and a steadfast determination to see that our clients get the justice they deserve .
We understand your feelings .
Often , cases of nursing home neglect and abuse set off a maelstrom of negative emotions circling around the lingering unease children feel for having allowed their parents to go to a nursing home in the first place .
In order to soothe that unease , they find a nursing home where they believe their parent will be well taken care of .
Then , after having placed so much trust in the nursing home and its staff , it can be devastating when that trust is violated and things go radically wrong .
We know the challenges you face …
The nursing home industry is heavily regulated , and so if your parent or elderly relative was abused or even neglected and allowed to wander dangerously , you should be optimistic about your avenues for legal recourse .
However , this area of law does present many challenges — one being that the regulations are dense and complex , another being that nursing homes and their insurers will likely try to impugn the credibility of your key witness : the abused elderly individual .
… and we will help you overcome them .
For those reasons , you should make sure that the lawyer you hire to handle your case has experience with these laws and experience presenting the objective evidence necessary to refute such claims .
At Wills & Adams , LLP , we have handled many cases of nursing home negligence .
We are passionate about giving voice to the silenced complaints of the abused elderly , and we take pride in restoring to them the respect and dignity that they deserve .
For a free consultation with Wills & Adams , LLP , you can contact us online or call ( 719 ) 387-9923 .
We can also be reached toll - free at : ( 866 ) 461-7749 .
In January , Patty Brown of Danbury , Conn. , got a new housemate : her 91 - year - old mother , who lost a few hundred thousand dollars she had entrusted to Bernard Madoff when his Ponzi scheme collapsed .
Most of Virginia Rafferty 's furniture is gone , because there is no room for it in her daughter 's house and they can't afford storage .
They got rid of the car that Ms. Rafferty drove to Dunkin ' Donuts every morning .
Ms. Brown , 61 , now offers her mom a ride , but she usually says : " No , that 's OK . "
" We ...
LAS VEGAS – Scofflaws could hack the smart cards that access electronic parking meters in large cities around the United States , researchers are finding .
The smart cards pay for parking spots , and their programming could be easily changed to obtain unlimited free parking .
It took researcher Joe Grand only three days to design an attack on the smart cards .
The researchers examined the meters used in San Francisco , but the same and similar electronic meters are being installed in cities around the world .
" It was n't technically complicated and the fact that I can do it in three days means that other people are probably already doing it and probably taking advantage of it , " said Grand , a designer and hardware hacker and one of the hosts of the Discovery Channel 's Prototype
This show .
" It seems like the system was n't analyzed at all . "
Grand and fellow researcher Jake Appelbaum present their findings Thursday afternoon at the Black Hat security conference ( . pdf ) here .
The researchers did not contact the San Francisco Municipal Transportation Agency or the meter maker prior to their talk , and asked reporters not to contact those organizations ahead of their presentation , for fear of being gagged by a court order .
At last year 's DefCon hacker conference , MIT students were barred from talking about similar vulnerabilities in smartcards used by the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority after the MBTA obtained a restraining order .
They spoke with Threat Level about their findings prior to the presentation .
" We 're not picking on San Francisco , " Grand said .
" We 're not even claiming to get free parking .
We 're trying to educate people about ... how they can take our research and apply it to their own cities if they are trying to deploy their own systems or make them more secure ....
Cities all over the nation and all over the world are deploying these smartcard meters [ and ] there 's a number of previously known problems with various parking meters in other cities . "
San Francisco launched a $ 35 - million pilot project in 2003 to deploy smart meters around the city in an effort to thwart thieves , including parking control officers who were skimming money from the meters .
The city estimated it was losing more than $ 3 million annually to theft .
In response , it installed 23,000 meters made by a Canadian firm named J.J. MacKay , which also has meters in Florida , Massachusetts , New York , Canada , Hong Kong and other locales .
The machines are hybrids that allow drivers to insert either coins , or a pre-paid GemPlus smart card , which can be purchased in values of $ 20 or $ 50 .
The machines also have an audit log to help catch insiders who might skim proceeds .
To record the communication between the card and the meter , Grand purchased a smartcard shim – an electrical connector that duplicates a smartcard 's contact points – and used an oscilloscope to record the electrical signals as the card and meter communicated .
He discovered the cards are n't digitally signed , and the only authentication between the meter and card is a password sent from the former to the latter .
The card does n't have to know the password , however , it just has to respond that the password is correct .
The cards sold in San Francisco are designed to be thrown out when the customer has exausted them .
But the researchers found that the meters perform no upper - bounds check , so hackers could easily boost the transaction limit on a card beyond what could legitimately purchased .
They could also program a card to simply never deduct from the transaction count .
" We 're residents of San Francisco and our taxes are going towards a broken system that they could potentially be losing money on and we pay the consequences of that , " Grand said .
Other cities around the country are using smart meters and electronic pay boxes built on different kinds of systems and varying implementations .
Some are centrally controlled through a wireless network , while others are stand - alone units , like the ones in San Francisco .
Last May in Chicago , some 250 new electronic pay - and - display parking boxes made by Cale Parking Systems suddenly stopped working one day in the city 's central business district .
The machines stopped issuing tickets that drivers were required to place on their dashboards .
It took technicians most of the day to get the machines working again , and initially some were concerned that the systems might have been hacked .
In 2001 in New York , the city 's 7,000 MacKay Guardian smart meters were found to have a glitch that would allow someone with a TV remote to reset the time left on a meter to zero , leading drivers to be ticketed for exceeding their limit .
All that was required was for someone to point a universal remote at a meter 's infrared sensor and hold down a button for more than a minute .
Appelbaum says that type of attack could be a nightmare for a driver who 's ticketed or towed because someone reduced the time on their meter .
" [ Even ] when the machine is saying something that is actually factually wrong , you have no recourse , " he says , because the machine is assumed to be right .
The researchers say they 've barely scratched the surface of parking meter hacking .
They did n't retrieve and examine any code to conduct their attack , though doing so would have given them more insight into other ways to attack the cards and meters , including the audit logs .
They also did n't examine the PDA that parking control officers use to communicate with the meters to change the rates , extract logs and perform other functions .
" If we had access to one of these [ PDAs ] , if we could figure out the communications protocol that a legitimate administrator would use , that 's a completely different set of attacks that we would love to look at , " Grand said .
Examining the meters themselves could yield additional vulnerabilities that might allow someone to conduct other kinds of attacks , such as propagating a virus from meter to meter via the smart cards or a meter minder 's PDA .
There is also the possibility that vulnerabilities exist in other types of meters , such as the pay - and - display payment boxes that accept credit card payments .
In the case of the latter machines , the researchers say an attacker might be able to skim credit card data from it in real time by tapping the bus on the reader .
An attacker would need physical access to the circuitry , but the payment boxes are secured with mechanical locks that are known to be pickable .
" From looking at previous meters we know there is no anti-tamper mechanisms or any secure hardware design techniques once you have physical access , " Grand said .
" If you get physical access , you can just tap onto lines .
. . . and a lot of parking meter companies are assuming no one will ever get physical access to the device . "
Photo : SF parking meter with smart card .
( Jon Snyder / Wired )
See also :
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Yahoo and Microsoft have announced a long - rumoured internet search deal that will help the two companies take on chief rival Google .
Microsoft 's Bing search engine will power the Yahoo website and Yahoo will in turn become the advertising sales team for Microsoft 's online offering .
Yahoo has been struggling to make profits in recent years .
But last year it rebuffed several takeover bids from Microsoft in an attempt to go it alone .
Yahoo shares closed down 12.1 % on the day , while Microsoft shares moved up by 1.4 % .
Microsoft boss Steve Ballmer said the 10 - year deal would provide Microsoft 's Bing search engine with the necessary scale to compete .
" Through this agreement with Yahoo , we will create more innovation in search , better value for advertisers , and real consumer choice in a market currently dominated by a single company , " said Mr Ballmer .
" Microsoft and Yahoo know there 's so much more that search could be .
This agreement gives us the scale and resources to create the future of search , " he added .
Yahoo is bowing to the inevitable .
It simply had neither the resources nor the focus to win the technological arms race for search supremacy
Tim Weber , Business editor , BBC News website
Who will gain from the deal ?
In return for ceding control of its search engine , Yahoo will get to keep 88 % of the revenue from all search ad sales on its site for the first five years of the deal , and have the right to sell adverts on some Microsoft sites .
Yahoo's search team , meanwhile , will have to brace itself for job losses over the next two years .
Some staff will transfer to Microsoft , others can stay on with Yahoo , but redundancies would be unavoidable , Yahoo chief executive Carol Bartz told the BBC .
' New era ' Yahoo said the deal would benefit Yahoo's users and advertisers .
" This agreement comes with boatloads of value for Yahoo , our users , and the industry .
And I believe it establishes the foundation for a new era of internet innovation and development , " said Ms Bartz .
MICROSOFT -YAHOO TIMELINE January 2008 : Microsoft offers to buy Yahoo for $ 44.6 bn in cash and shares , later raised to $ 47.5 bn May 2008 : Microsoft walks away from the table after the two sides fail to agree on a price June 2008 : Yahoo strikes a deal to use Google 's technology , with Google ads appearing on some Yahoo search results November 2008 : Google abandons the Yahoo deal after objections from anti-trust regulators in the US November 2008 : Yahoo co-founder Jerry Yang stands down as the firm 's boss April 2009 : Yahoo says it will cut 5 % of its workforce after quarterly profits drop sharply May 2009 : Microsoft relaunches its own search engine , now branded bing.com July 2009 : After new speculation , Microsoft and Yahoo finally announce a web search deal
Profiles : Yahoo and Microsoft
The deal became possible after Yahoo's co-founder Jerry Yang stepped down as chief executive of the company late last year .
" Only a Yahoo outsider like Ms Bartz could do such a deal , " said Tim Weber , business editor of the BBC News website .
" She has no sentimental attachment to what was once the core of Yahoo , its search business .
Microsoft was helped by the fact that at long last it managed to develop a search engine - Bing - that is a credible alternative to search giant Google . "
Technology analyst Rob Enderle said : " This move makes up for a lot of the stupid mistakes made by the preceding [ Yahoo ] administration " .
Yahoo said the deal would boost annual operating income by $ 500 m and secure $ 200 m in savings .
The tie - up will give Microsoft and Yahoo a combined market share in the US search ad market of about 30 % .
Google would still be the dominant force with a share of about 65 % .
Negotiations
The deal ends years of back - and - forth negotiations between the two companies .
Microsoft originally offered to buy Yahoo in January 2008 - with an offer worth about $ 47.5 bn .
But Mr Ballmer later withdrew that bid after Yahoo's then boss , Mr Yang , demanded a higher price .
Yahoo instead opted for an online advertising partnership with rival Google .
But that tie - up was later abandoned because of the risk of a protracted battle with regulators over competition issues .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Submitted by cpowell on Mon , 2009-07-06 03:42 .
Bank of Korea to Buy Gold for First Time in 11 Years
From Dong - A Ilbo ( East Asia Daily )
Seoul , South Korea
Saturday , July 4 , 2009
http://english.donga.com/srv/service.php3?biid=2009070411578
The Bank of Korea has not purchased gold for 11 years but is expected to go on a gold buying spree , as the world 's central banks have bought the commodity since the global economic erupted in September last year .
A Bank of Korea official said yesterday , " The bank has begun to set up a plan to manage foreign exchange reserves for next year .
It has also closely watched central banks in other nations and trends in the global gold market .
Given the changing global financial environment , the bank 's management plan is critical . "
According to experts , the comment implies that the bank plans to buy gold soon .
Korea has the world 's sixth most foreign exchange reserves but ranks just 56th in gold holdings .
China , which has the world 's largest foreign exchange reserves , has secretly bought 454 tons of gold over the past six years .
This has intensified global competition to obtain more gold .
The amount of gold bought by China over the period is 32 times larger than the Bank of Korea 's gold reserves .
The world 's central banks have rushed to buy gold , since they believe the metal will replace the greenback when the dollar 's status as the world 's leading currency weakens .
The bank has said nothing officially , simply saying , " We have made no decision on the purchase of gold and cannot say if we have considered it . "
It will finalize by November its plan to manage foreign exchange reserves for 2010 , but experts forecast that the bank will have no choice but to buy gold soon .
Based on its explanation , the central bank is apparently fearful that its management plan could cause trouble in the global financial market and harm national interests .
Chang Min , the head of the Korea Institute of Finance 's macroeconomic research division who worked at the central bank until late last year , said , " The central bank has long considered several alternatives such as buying gold to diversify its foreign exchange reserve portfolio , which is heavily focused on dollars .
It needs to secure more gold to diversify its investment . "
Kwon Sun-woo , the head of macroeconomic research at Samsung Economic Research Institute , said , " The Bank of Korea 's gold reserves are far less than enough .
It should have bought more gold .
Given the instability of the greenback , it needs to buy more gold . "
As of late May this year , the Bank of Korea had 14.3 tons of gold , far less than that held by its counterparts in the United States ( 8,134 tons ) ; Germany ( 3,413 ) ; China ( 1,054 ) ; Japan ( 765 ) ; Russia ( 537 ) ; Taiwan ( 424 ) ; the Philippines ( 154 ) ; Singapore ( 127 ) ; Thailand ( 84 ) ; Indonesia ( 73 ) ; and Malaysia ( 36 tons ) .
Worse , Korea is one of the world 's worst in the share of gold in its foreign exchange reserves -- 0.19 percent by market price and 0.03 percent by book value .
* * *
Join GATA here :
The Silver Summit 2009
Thursday - Friday , September 24 - 25 , 2009
Davenport Hotel , Spokane , Washington
http://thesilversummit.com
Toronto Resource Investment Conference
Saturday - Sunday , September 26 - 27 , 2009
Intercontinental Hotel , Toronto , Ontario , Canada
http://www.cambridgeconferences.com/ch_tor2009.html
New Orleans Investment Conference
Thursday - Sunday , October 8 - 11 , 2009
Hilton New Orleans Riverside Hotel , New Orleans , Louisiana
http://www.neworleansconference.com/
* * *
Support GATA by purchasing a colorful GATA T - shirt :
http://gata.org/tshirts
* * *
Help keep GATA going
GATA is a civil rights and educational organization based in the United States and tax - exempt under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code .
Its e-mail dispatches are free , and you can subscribe at :
http://www.gata.org
To contribute to GATA , please visit :
http://www.gata.org/node/16
A large - scale introduction of electric cars faces many technological hurdles and promises to be time - consuming and expensive .
Greening public transportation and cargo traffic , on the other hand , could be done fast with existing technology for a reasonable price - if we opt for the trolleybus and the trolleytruck .
The technology to completely electrify land based transportation has been available for over a hundred years .
A trolleybus ( or " trackless trolley " ) can be defined in two ways ; as an electric bus that gets its power from overhead cables , or as a tram ( or " street car " ) that drives on rubber tyres .
Whichever way you look at it , this combination of bus and tram is the most ecological ( motorised ) means of transport that exists in the world today .
Just like all other electrically powered vehicles ( cars , trains , trams ) a trolleybus does not produce exhaust fumes , is more efficient than vehicles with a combustion engine , and can drive on renewable energy .
The trolleybus , however , has interesting advantages over other electric vehicles .
Cheap , fast , durable
A trolleybus does not need a battery .
In this way , it bypasses the weak point of electric cars .
Batteries limit the mileage of electric cars to a maximum of 100 miles , which means that the vehicles require an elaborate infrastructure for fast - charging or swapping batteries ( see " Who killed the electric grid ? " ) .
Batteries also make electric vehicles heavy and thus less energy efficient than when hooked up to an overhead line - a battery makes up at least one third of the weight of an electric car .
A trolleybus also has advantages compared to other means of electric public transport .
Contrary to a train or a tram , a trolleybus does not need a rail infrastructure .
This not only results in huge cost and time savings , it also saves a large amount of energy ( see for instance this paper : " Envirnmental assessment of passenger transportation should include infrastructure and supply chains " , pdf ) .
Installing a trolleybus service is of course more expensive than installing a normal bus line , but that extra cost can be recovered because of lower fuel and maintenance costs .
Furthermore , a trolleybus has better braking power than a tram and it is better at climbing hills , since rubber tyres have more grip than steel wheels on steel rails .
Trolleybuses are also compatible with bicycles because cyclists cannot get stuck in the tracks .
They are more manoeuvrable than trams - a badly parked car will not stop them , because they can diverge from their track for a couple of metres .
Political advantage
Being public transport , trolleybuses of course have the same advantages as trams ; they use much less energy and space per passenger than cars .
The trolleybus is not only cheap and ecologically sound , it is also fast to implement .
There is no need to break up the road , no need to install a charging infrastructure ; just attach overhead lines and off you go .
This is a political advantage .
The announcement and implementation of a system can happen in the same term of service .
Because trolleybuses are cheaper than trams , they can also be used on trajectories where a tram would not find sufficient passengers to be cost - effective .
History and evolution
The first trolleybus got hooked up in 1882 ; the Elektromote , built by Ernst Werner von Siemens .
However , it took almost 20 more years before the first commercial line was installed - in Bielatal , close to Dresden in Germany .
During the first half of the twentieth century , and especially since the 1930s , the trolleybus was a success story .
Around 1950 , there were some 900 trolleybus systems operating worldwide .
A large share of these was done away with in the 1960s and 1970s , mostly to the advantage of private cars and diesel buses .
Still , in many cities , the trolleybus never disappeared .
Today 359 cities worldwide still operate trolleybus lines , the number of buses is estimated at 40,000 .
Most trolley services are located in the former Soviet Union and Eastern Bloc countries - probably another reason for their lousy image .
The 1,300 kilometre network in Moscow is the largest in the world - it has 1,500 buses and 100 lines .
Minsk , the capital of Belarus , has the second largest network in the world with 1,050 buses and 68 lines .
Saint Petersburg has the fourth largest network in the world with 735 buses spread across 41 lines ( following Beijing , China , in third place ) .
Ukraine has trolleybuses in more than 25 cities and it boasts the longest trolley line in the world : 85 kilometres from Yalta to Simferopol .
The three largest networks in the European Union are Athens , Riga and Bucharest .
Belgrade , Bratislava , Budapest , Kiev and Sofia are other former Eastern Bloc cities with large trolleybus networks .
Outside Europe
Switzerland has trolleybuses in 13 cities .
Dozens of other cities in Europe have smaller networks .
Outside Europe there are trolleybus systems in the US ( Boston , Cambridge , Philadelphia , Dayton , San Francisco , Seattle ) , Canada ( Vancouver , Edmonton ) , Central - America ( Mexico City , the largest network in the Americas ) , Latin - America ( Argentina , Brazil , Ecuador , Chile ) and Asia ( China , North - Korea ) .
( sources : 1 / 2 / 3 ) .
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The capital investment of the 19 kilometre line in Quito was less than 60 million dollar - hardly sufficient to build 4 kilometres of tram line , or about 1 kilometre of metro line .
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Obviously , the technology works , because otherwise it would not have been in service for such a long time in so many places .
This can not be said of electric cars , which all but disappeared in the 1920s .
Inferior technology
Compared to diesel buses , trolleybuses do have a couple of disadvantages .
A trolleybus is more manoeuvrable than a tram , but less so than a diesel bus .
If the road is being repaired or rebuilt in a street where trolleybuses pass , chances are that the line has to be discontinued temporarily .
A diesel bus can easily be re-routed .
Similar to trams , trolleybuses also cannot overtake each other .
The most important drawback of trolley systems is the need for overhead cables .
They are generally regarded as ugly and meet protest .
Especially at crossroads the cable network can be dense and hard to ignore .
Similar to trams , the " tracks " of trolleybuses have points , but the whole mechanism of these hangs in the air .
We adore wireless technology and that is probably the reason why trolleybuses are regarded as a ridiculous and inferior technology , a relic from the past .
Hybrid trolleybuses provide an answer to most of these disadvantages .
By equipping trolleybuses with a battery or an auxiliary diesel motor , the bus can also cover a part of the route without depending on the overhead cables .
Most trolleybuses built since 1990 are equipped with at least a small battery or diesel motor for some limited manoeuvring .
This can save the installation of overhead cables , especially at turning points and in sheds , where normally a complicated infrastructure is needed to manoeuvre the buses .
It can also help to get round road works .
On some lines ( like in Boston and Philadelphia ) hybrid trolley services exist .
The bus then covers part of the route on electricity delivered by the overhead cables , while another part is covered by means of a ( larger ) battery or a diesel engine .
In this way some drawbacks of batteries and diesel engines are introduced , but these disadvantages are limited when compared to electric cars or diesel buses .
Hybrid buses might be a way to spare some parts of a city of overhead lines .
New trolleybus lines
Although some cities have recently decided to stop their ( modest ) trolley services ( Ghent in Belgium , Innsbruck in Austria , Marseille in France and Edmonton in Canada ) , there are many more cities that have recently expanded or modernised their network , re-introduced trolleybuses , or introduced them for the first time .
In France , the trolley lines in Limoges , Saint - Étienne and Lyon ( the largest network in France ) have recently been expanded and renewed .
One line in Nancy ( abolished in 1998 ) will be restored in 2010 .
In Athens the full fleet of 350 vehicles has been renewed .
In Italy trolleybuses have been re-introduced in Rome in 2005 ( only one line ) and new systems are coming in Lecce , Avellino en Pescara .
The system in Bari will be re-opened .
A dozen other Italian cities have never abolished their trolley services and do not have any intention of doing so .
Castellón de la Plana , a city in Spain , re-introduced trolleybuses in 2007 , the service was expanded in 2008 .
In Salzburg ( the largest network in Austria with 80 buses and 7 routes ) the service was recently expanded .
A new system is planned in Leeds in the United Kingdom , which would be the first re-introduction of trolleybuses in the UK in 30 years .
Vancouver in Canada renewed its buses in 2007 and 2008 , Wellington in New Zealand did the same .
Even Ethiopia announced a trolleybus system in 2008 .
El Trole
The most spectacular progress is made in South - America .
This has everything to do with " El Trole " , the trolleybus network in Quito ( below ) , the capital of Ecuador with 1.6 million inhabitants .
The already impressive network , built in 1995 , was expanded in 2000 and 2008 .
On a part of the main line ( with a length of 19 kilometres ) the trolleybuses make use of exclusive lanes , completely separated from other traffic .
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
If we want to , we can do the switchover in just a few years time .
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
During peak hours , there is a bus every 50 to 90 seconds ( because of the high frequency , there are no schedules ) .
El Trole transports 262,000 passengers each day .
Five other trolleybus lines connect to it , as well as several other bus lines ( including Ecovía , a line similar to El Trole but using diesel buses ) .
The average distance between stops is 400 metres .
The system in Quito is being copied in Mérida ( Venezuela ) , the first part of that line opened in 2007 ( picture below ) .
Other cities in Latin America study the possibility of installing a similar infrastructure , and the Quito system was also the inspiration for the proposals in England and Scotland ( second and third picture below ) .
By choosing the cheaper trolleybus over tram or metro , Quito could develop a much larger network in a shorter time .
The capital investment of the 19 kilometre line was less than 60 million dollar - hardly sufficient to build 4 kilometres of tram line ( source ) , or about 1 kilometre of metro line ( source ) .
Lower investment costs also mean lower ticket fares , and thus more passengers .
Furthermore , the system is well devised ( pdf ) .
There is only one ticket fare , payment happens in the station , not on the bus .
Stops are comfortable and built to get fast in and out of the bus , there are very good connections with other lines ( sometimes via the same stop ) , and thanks to the exclusive lanes and ( at some crossroads ) automatically controlled traffic lights the system is extremely reliable .
In Quito , the bus always arrives on time .
Unfortunately , El Trole has become a victim of its own success .
The Ecuadorian government now plans to convert ( the larger part of ) the main line to a much more expensive light rail line ( TRAQ , pdf , in Spanish ) , arguing that the network is saturated .
A protest group consisting of citizens and traffic engineers ( " Quito para todos " ) opposes the 500 - 750 million dollar plan and demands that the money is used to extend of the trolleyline instead :
" The same investment required to build the 20 to 30 km of light rail would build 250 km of exclusive lanes for trolleybuses including vehicles , stations and terminals .
Quito's system of rapid urban mass transport would be complete , providing efficient service , with money left over for construction of bikeways throughout the city , for recovery and integration of public spaces , widening of sidewalks , planting trees and providing urban furniture , building walkways between bus stops and passenger destinations , and other projects to complement the system , in such a way to be able to have a city with an optimal public transport service , placing us in the lead among cities with the best public transport in the world . "
Whatever the outcome in Quito will be , the many advantages of a trolleybus line should not lead to the conclusion that light rail systems are evil or unnecessary .
When passenger capacity grows , it can make sense to convert the busiest trolleylines to light rail systems .
The income of a popular trolleyline might serve to finance the succeeding rail network .
Another compromise : rail - guided trolleys .
These vehicles have rubber tyres but are guided by one rail in the middle , which makes it possible to use longer vehicles .
Trolleytrucks
Trolley systems can also be used for the transport of goods .
" Trolleytrucks " are a lesser known technology but have an equally long history .
Initially , they were as popular as trolleybuses , transporting goods between factories and train stations .
Especially the German engineer Max Schiemann put together some remarkable examples in the beginning of the 20th century .
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
There are more elegant options than trolleytrucks , like underground freight networks .
Cost , however , is a serious obstacle .
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The technology never really took off , though .
Trolleytrucks are still sporadically used in Russia and Ukraine ( pictures ) , and in the mining industry ( below , more pictures ) .
However , in the latter case , the electric engine does not replace the diesel engine , but merely assists it .
Another historical example is the " Valtellina Dam Project " in Italy ( below ) .
These two lines with a total length of 80 kilometres were built in 1936 and remained in service until 1962 .
Twenty trolleytrucks transported concrete , sand and other construction materials to build two large dams .
Today there are no cities that plan a trolleytruck system , but the German city of Dresden does have a Cargo Tram ( see below , it is also being tested in Amsterdam ) .
From there it is only one step to a trolleytruck service , as imagined by this inventor .
Trolleytrucks and trolleybuses are also put forward as a solution in the 2008 book " Transport Revolutions : moving people and freight without oil " .
Authors Richard Gilbert and Anthony Perl propose a plan that would include 500 billion tonne - kilometres of cargo moved by " trolleylorry " in the US by 2025 .
Trolleytrucks would replace trucks , and complement cargo trains .
High - tech alternatives to trolley systems
There are more elegant options than trolleytrucks , with the same advantages , like the underground freight networks we discussed before .
Cost , however , is a serious obstacle .
Another alternative for both trolleybuses and trolleytrucks are ( wireless ) electric buses and trucks , but they too will always be much more expensive , and also less efficient than trolleys - then we are talking about batteries again .
If a bus or truck has a mileage of 100 kilometres , and you have to drive 120 kilometres , you are in trouble .
This problem can be solved in two ways .
You can put more batteries in your vehicle , but then you increase the cost and the weight and you lower the cargo or passenger space .
Or you can set up fast - charging stations or battery swapping stations along the way , but then you increase the costs even more .
It gets worse when you start thinking of wirelessly charged buses and trucks .
This is a technology that no doubt appeals to more people than trolleybuses do , but it will always be less efficient and more expensive .
All too often we are blind for the costs of high - tech .
If we cannot afford a technology , it is of not much use .
Low - tech options that have been proven to work can deliver much better results for a bargain .
The technology to completely electrify land based transportation has been available for over a hundred years .
If we want to , we can do the switchover in just a few years time .
Let 's start with public transport and cargo traffic , and then let 's see what to do with cars - if we still need them .
Trolleycars , even though theoretically possible , are not a practical option .
© Kris De Decker ( edited by Vincent Grosjean ) .
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Related articles :
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The oil - rich and weedy plant jatropha has been hailed as the most promising source of biofuel on the planet , and one airline has already begun testing a jatropha - derived fuel in its jumbo jets .
But a new analysis suggests that the plant may not be a miracle crop destined to solve all our energy problems : Current jatropha plantations are
not realising the oil yields that drove the “ Jatropha euphoria ” [ EcoWorldly ] .
It was previously thought that the hardy jatropha plant would require less water than other biofuel crops like sugarcane and corn and could grow in marginal soil , so growers would n't have to take fertile land out of agricultural use .
But the new study rebuts that assumption .
" The claim that jatropha does n't compete for water and land with food crops is complete nonsense , " says study coauthor Arjen Hoekstra .
The researcher says it 's true that the plant can grow with little water and can survive through periods of drought , but to flourish , it needs good growing conditions just like any other plant .
" If there is n't sufficient water , you get a low amount of oil production , " Hoekstra says [ Technology Review ] .
The study , published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , found that making a
single liter of jatropha biodiesel requires a whopping 20,000 liters of water to grow ....
That ’s more than canola , corn , soybeans or sugarcane — more , in fact , than any commonly used biofuel crop .
The two closest , canola and soybeans , require about 14,000 liters each [ BNET ] .
Still , some researchers note that jatropha is a wild plant that has n't yet been crossbred to maximize its yield of poisonous , oily seeds , and say they believe
that jatropha will mature into a better biofuel producer .
Any plant new to cultivation takes a period of time before it reaches an optimum tame form , and jatropha has only been in use for a few years .
There are also companies like SG Biofuels ... that are performing gene research on jatropha in hopes of extending its range and improving its yield [ BNET ] .
Others suggest that jatropha can continue to fill a niche in the developing world , since turning its seeds into biodiesel is a straightforward process that does n't require a huge capital investment .
Related Content : 80 beats : Air New Zealand Tests Jet Fuel Made From Poisonous Jatropha Seeds 80 beats : Poisonous Seeds Can Be Turned Into Jet Fuel 80 beats : Biofuels or Cheap Food : Do We Have to Choose ?
DISCOVER : The Second Coming of Biofuels
Image : flickr / edwardyanquen
Education is on the cusp of a transformation because of recent scientific findings in neuroscience , psychology , and machine learning that are converging to create foundations for a new science of learning .
Writing in the July 17 edition of the journal Science , researchers report that this shift is being driven by three principles that are emerging from cross - disciplinary work : learning is computational , learning is social , and learning is supported by brain circuits linking perception and action that connect people to one another .
This new science of learning , the researchers believe , may shed light into the origins of human intelligence .
" We are not left alone to understand the world like Robinson Crusoe was on his island , " said Andrew Meltzoff , lead author of the paper and co-director of the University of Washington 's Institute for Learning and Brain Sciences .
" These principles support learning across the life span and are particularly important in explaining children 's rapid learning in two unique domains of human intelligence , language and social understanding .
" Social interaction is more important than we previously thought and underpins early learning .
Research has shown that humans learn best from other humans , and a large part of this is timing , sensitive timing between a parent or a tutor and the child , " said Meltzoff , who is a developmental psychologist .
" We are trying to understand how the child 's brain works – how computational abilities are changed in the presence of another person , and trying to use these three principles as leverage for learning and improving education , " added co-author Patricia Kuhl , a neuroscientist and co-director of the UW 's Institute for Learning and Brain Sciences .
University of California , San Diego robotics engineer Javier Movellan and neuroscientist - biologist Terrence Sejnowski are co-authors .
The research was funded by the National Science Foundation and the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development .
The National Science Foundation has funded large - scale science of learning centers at both universities .
advertisement
The Science paper cites numerous recent advances in neuroscience , psychology , machine learning and education .
For example , Kuhl said people do n't realize how computational and social factors interact during learning .
" We have a computer between our shoulders and our brains are taking in statistics all the time without our knowing it .
Babies learn simply by listening , for example .
They learn the sounds and words of their language by picking up probabilistic information as they listen to us talk to them .
Babies at 8 months are calculating statistically and learning , " Kuhl said .
But there are limits .
Kuhl 's work has shown that babies gather statistics and learn when exposed to a second language face to face from a real person , but not when they view that person on television .
" A person can get more information by looking at another person face to face , " she said .
" We are digging to understand the social element and what does it mean about us and our evolution . "
Apparently babies need other people to learn .
They take in more information by looking at another person face to face than by looking at that person on a big plasma TV screen , " she said .
" We are now trying to understand why the brain works this way , and what it means about us and our evolution . "
Meltzoff said an important component of human intelligence is that humans are built so they do n't have to figure out everything by themselves .
advertisement
" A major role we play as parents is teaching children where the important things are for them to learn , " he said .
" One way we do this is through joint visual attention or eye - gaze .
This is a social mechanism and children can find what 's important – we call them informational ' hot spots ' – by following the gaze of another person .
By being connected to others we also learn by example and imitation . "
Infants , he said , learn by mixing self - discovery with observations of other people for problem - solving .
" We can learn what to do by watching others , and we also can come to understand other people through our own actions , " Meltzoff said .
" Learning is bi-directional . "
The researchers believe that aspects of informal learning , the ways people , particularly children , learn outside school , need to be brought into the classroom .
" Educators know children spend 80 percent of their waking time away from school and children are learning deeply and enthusiastically in museums , in community centers , from online games and in all sorts of venues .
A lot of this learning is highly social and clues from informal learning may be applied to school to enhance learning .
Why is it that a kid who is so good at figuring out baseball batting averages is failing math in school ? " said Meltzoff .
Even though it appears that babies do not learn from television , technology can play a big role in the science of learning .
Research is showing that children are more receptive to learning from social robots , robots that are more human in appearance and more interactive .
" The more that interacting with a machine feels like interacting with a human , the more children – and maybe adults – learn , " said Kuhl .
" Someday we may understand how technology can help us learn a new language at any age , and , if we could , there are countless schools around the world in which that would be helpful . "
" Science is trying to understand the magic of social interaction in human learning , " said Meltzoff .
" But when it does we hope to embody some of what we learn into technology .
Kids today are using high - powered technology – Facebook , Twitter and text messaging – to enhance social interaction .
Using technology , children are learning to solve problems collaboratively .
Technology also allows us to have a distributed network from which to draw information , a world of knowledge . "
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- Former D.C. mayor , now Washington councilman , Marion Barry has been arrested again .
Former D.C. Mayor Marion Barry was arrested July 4 and charged with stalking , police said .
On July 4 , the U.S. Park Police arrested Barry and charged him with misdemeanor stalking .
About 8:45 p.m. in Anacostia Park , a Washington woman flagged down a Park Police officer on patrol and pointed to Barry , who was in another car .
The woman said Barry was stalking her , Park Police spokesman Sgt. David Schlosser said .
Barry was taken into custody , processed and released , but he must make a court appearance for the charge .
A court date has not been set .
Barry 's other run-ins with the law have included a federal sting operation in 1990 , when he was mayor .
Surveillance cameras caught him smoking crack cocaine in a hotel room .
Despite his fall from grace , he was re-elected in 1994 to a four - year term as mayor .
In his latest political comeback in 2004 , Barry won a seat on the D.C. Council , on which he continues to serve .
Barry was arrested in 2002 when traces of marijuana and cocaine were found in his car after he was stopped in the Buzzard Point area of Southwest D.C.
No charges were filed , and Barry claimed that the drugs were planted .
And in 2006 , Park Police officers stopped him for driving too slowly , prompting him to accuse authorities of targeting him .
Barry had been on probation since 2005 for not filing or paying income taxes for several years .
Last year he again failed to file a tax return , and his probation was extended to May 2011 , according to the Washington City Paper .
All About Marion Barry • D.C. Metro Area
“ We ’re going to shoot ‘ Pirates 4 ′ in April and May of next year , ” Aviv told .
“ We are going to release it hopefully in 2011 is the plan . ”
“ It ’s important to get the story right and it ’s important to me to scale it down , because we ca n’t get bigger .
The movies have subsequently gotten bigger and bigger and very complicated and they were satisfying on so many levels obviously , but I want to kind of reboot the whole thing and bring it down to its core , its essence , just characters . ”
Oren Aviv , ’s Head of Production , has confirmed that “ ” will begin shooting next year with an anticipated release in 2011 .
The producer spoke to the guys over at ComingSoon .
net at this year ’s Comic Con about future Disney projects .
As we earlier wrote , the director , informed Disney and producerthat he will not be directing the fourth installment of the “ Pirates of the Caribbean ” franchise .
Still no word on whether Gore Verbinski might come back for the fourth movie .
Duncan Jones , the director of the year 's most game - changing science fiction movie , Moon , will follow up his meditation on isolation with the Blade Runner - inspired thriller Mute .
And the film , once shrouded in mystery , is finally coming into focus .
Advertisement
Rumors have been circulating that Duncan Jones ' next picture would be the underwater adventure film Escape From the Deep .
But fret not scifi fans , his next picture will actually be Mute , the mysterious picture about a future world that Jones has compared to Blade Runner 's noir Los Angeles .
Advertisement
According to ScreenDaily , Jones will team up with Moon producer Stuart Fenegan , who revealed some of the plot .
Apparently , it 's about
a woman whose disappearance causes a mystery for her partner , a mute bartender .
When she disappears , he has to go up against the city 's gangsters .
The director will be getting $ 25 million in for his futuristic gangster film .
Which makes us all froth at the mouth a little with the idea of giving Jones actual money to bring his beautiful scenes to life ( Moon 's landscapes , use of light , and sets were jaw - dropping , drool - inducing beautiful ) .
That 's almost five times his previous indie budget .
Jones describes
Mute as more of an ensemble piece , but revealed more details to us when we pushed him a bit on the movie 's big bad villains .
The project is set to start filming by the end of this year .
During the 2008 election cycle , supporters of Dr. Ron Paul used the concept of a “ money bomb ” to stage some dramatic one - day fund raising efforts that provided the financial foundation for the Paul campaign and provided a significant amount of press coverage as well .
After the Paul campaign ended , the money bomb concept did n't go away , but it did melt into relative obscurity .
Until now , that is .
Efforts have been organized to rally behind some off - year money bombs in support of Senate candidates backed by hard core supporters of the Texas Congressman .
Most notably , his son , Dr. Rand Paul , an ophthalmologist from Kentucky , has indicated an interest in running for the seat of Sen.
Jim Bunning , who recently announced he would not seek reelection , claiming that Republican party leaders had undermined his fund raising efforts .
Dr. Paul is not the generally acknowledge leader in that race .
That distinction goes to Trey Grayson , Kentucky 's Secretary of State and the favorite of the Republican Party 's most powerful and influential leaders .
Rand Paul 's supporters staged a money bomb for him this past June 29th which raised a paltry $ 25,000 .
Undeterred , they 've scheduled another one for August 20th which they 've labeled , “ The Big One . ”
As of this date , about 1,400 people have pledged to give Paul $ 100 on that date .
If they follow through , that mean that Paul would raise $ 140,000 on that date at this point .
Their goal is 10,000 total donors , for a one - day hit of $ 1 million .
It 's possible they might get there this time , with 19 days left to continue to raise support and awareness .
Even more interesting is the not - yet - active campaign of Peter Schiff , an investment guru and self - described supporter of Austrian economic theory , who correctly predicted the financial crisis of 2008 .
His book , Crash Proof : How to Profit From the Coming Economic Collapse , has received mixed reviews .
On the one hand , most people laud it for correctly predicting the crisis .
On the other hand , many people , including his supporters have criticized him heavily for the financial advice he gave in the book .
People who followed his advice have reported losing as much as 60 % of their investment .
Understandably , many of them are quite ticked off .
Schiff recommended investing in gold , silver , and foreign stocks .
Once again , like Rand Paul , Schiff is not the front runner for the Republican Party 's nomination .
He must compete with former House speaker Tom Foley and former Connecticut Congressman Rob Simmons , both of whom are very well - funded .
Simmons currently leads in the polls .
Schiff has created an exploratory committee for a Senate campaign against Chris Dodd , who has , for many decades now , held down the seat his father held before him .
Combined with Dodd 's recent announcement that he has early stages prostate cancer , the prospect of Schiff running has generated excitement both inside the Constitution State and outside among the freedom movement .
A money bomb for Schiff is scheduled for August 7 has acquired about 6,500 pledges to donate $ 100 , putting the money bomb 65 % toward their goal of 10,000 pledges , or $ 1 million .
Obviously , that money bomb now has a tremendous chance of reaching its goal .
If both the Schiff and Paul money bombs succeed , the whole concept of the money bomb will have successfully resurrected itself during an off - year election cycle .
That will be a significant feat .
The Schiff bomb in particular is backed by a group calling themselves Retake Congress .
So far , the group has expressed their support for thirteen Congressional candidates , including the Nolan Chart 's own Jake Towne .
Curiously enough , while the Retake Congress group trumpets the fact that Rand Paul has endorsed them , they make no mention of whether they endorse and support Rand Paul 's upcoming money bomb .
An omission worthy of note , it raises the question : what are they waiting for ?
Regardless of what that 's all about , it will be interesting to watch what happens with these upcoming money bombs .
August 2009 could be another mile stone in the freedom movement .
On June 29 , the day he was installed by Honduran coup leaders as the country ’s new interim foreign minister , Enrique Ortez Colindres repeatedly used racist slurs to describe U.S. president Barack Obama .
Using the word “ negrito , ” a well - recognized and profoundly racist epithet , whose literal translation means “ little black man ” or “ little black boy , ” Ortez referred to Obama as “ that little black boy who knows nothing about nothing ” [ “ ese negrito que no sabe nada de nada ” ] and “ a little black man who does n’t know where Tegucigalpa is ” [ “ el negrito , no conoce donde queda Tegucigalpa ” ] .
In another case , he told the Honduran newspaper El Tiempo ( translation from DailyKos ) :
I have negotiated with queers , prostitutes , leftists , blacks , whites .
This is my job ; I studied for it .
I am not racially prejudiced .
I like the little black sugar plantation worker who is president of the United States .
For more than a week after they were uttered , Ortez ’s slurs were a big story in Latin American and around the world : The Chinese and French wire services Xinhua and Agence France Presse covered them , among others .
But besides online sites like Daily Kos and the Huffington Post , the story was mostly ignored by U.S. journalists , who otherwise freely quoted Ortez about Honduras ’ coup and constitutional crisis .
That was n’t the case when Hugo Chavez called George W. Bush the devil in an address at the U.N. in 2006 .
Then the arguably lesser insult was discussed for days in the U.S. media .
Wednesday , July 8 , offered big new developments in the story when a U.S. diplomat in Honduras complained about the slurs and Ortez offered a brief apology .
Then , later that afternoon , Ortez was fired and replaced by the coup government ’s president .
But today , two days later , the New York Times has yet to mention any aspect of the story , and the Washington Post only ran a brief 120 - word Associated Press report about the apology ( though nothing about the resignation ) on July 9 –its readers only then learning about the original slights .
And so it would appear that , at least in this case , few U.S. journalists think it ’s much of a story when a high - ranking foreign official , otherwise in the news , launches a racist attack , even one that targets the president of the United States .
Re : iTWire - Amazon Fire TV Stick
Lite sticks it to TV competitors , aims to set TV world on fire A word of caution - this Amazon Fire TV Stick , the so - called Lite model , is the only one released in [ … ]
Re : iTWire - US warns Germany , Italy to avoid using Huawei 5G gear Thx Sam - keep up the great work covering this .
Ah , US projection and propaganda at its lowest .
After the false charges [ … ]
Re : iTWire - Assange may escape jail if Democrats win presidential election Lets hope for a Biden win in November for the worlds sake including Assange's .
Re : iTWire - Telstra 's ' targeted launch ' of 5G Home Internet
It would be great to have a look at the Telstra plans but they still after 3 years do n't list [ … ]
" It is time to stop blaming individuals for being overweight or obese , " he said .
" The real problem is we have created a world where food is always available and where that food is designed to make you want to eat more of it .
For millions of people , modern food is simply impossible to resist . "
in three minutes , the largest dot will travel around the circle once , the next largest dot will travel around the circle twice , the next largest dot three times , and so on .
the dots are arranged to trigger notes on a chromatic scale when they pass the line
the music was generated using my own syd synthesis software , the animation was programmed in Processing
By Mick West
Before Programming – Ignorant
Before he takes the first step , the programmer does not know that programming exists .
He is aware of computers , but has never considered how they actually work .
He feels the process of making a video game is somewhat akin to making a film , or perhaps writing a book .
If someone were to ask him how that actually works , his brain would immediately shut down , as if you asked him why string theory requires ten dimensions .
Stage 1 – Awestruck
The programmer become aware that programmers exist .
He is not entirely sure what they do , but he know it involves typing things in , and possibly moving a mouse .
Somehow there are “ programs ” , or perhaps “ code ” , he is not sure .
Regardless , for our stage 1 programmer , people who actually do these things seem like gods , omniscient in their mastery of impenetrable yet valuable and ( finally ) socially acceptable skills .
While the nascent programmer feels some longing to achieve this mastery , it is as if he were longing to bend forks with the power of his mind – he ’s seen it done , yet secretly believes it to be magic , inaccessible to mortals .
Stage 2 – Fumbling
The programmer writes his first program .
In the olden days this would have been of the 10 print “ hello ” , 20 goto 10 variety , but in more modern times the possible starting points are varied .
Perhaps Unreal Script , perhaps Dark Basic , perhaps JavaScript , perhaps even some master may initiate them directly into the dark arts of C ++.
How many roads may a programmer take ?
101010 .
Stage 3 – Discovery
A whole new world has opened up .
Syntax becomes an enchanted garden , each new keyword hold mystery and delight .
Wave of pleasure accompany the discovery of new powers like arrays , and subroutines .
A whole new reality seems close at hand .
The programmer seeks out others of his kind on the internet , discoveries are shared and wonders are related .
Stage 4 – Delusional
Intoxicated by his new power , suddenly the world is an oyster belonging our programmer .
With the gradual appreciation of the power of programming , and the realization that code underpins everything , our programmer will feel limitless in power .
All tasks see manageable and anything can be programed , for our programmer is now armed with the hammer of limited coding skills , and all problems look like the nail of N - Queens .
Stage 5 – Methodological
After perhaps years of delusion , some tragedy will befall our programmer .
Perhaps he will get a job , and the skills he thought wondrous will prove to be of little worth .
Or perhaps some personal project , such as a game engine , will be transformed by much sweat into a blob of worthless code , undeniably incorrect despite his seemingly god - like powers .
Faced with this reality , one of three things happens : the programmer may give up in despair , they may lapse back into delusion , or finally they will discover “ methodology ” , and avidly begin to read books on this , and begin to “ program ” in UML .
This stage is perilous , as the methodological world is similar to the mythological world , replete with Sirens , succubi , heroes and monsters .
Stage 6 – Pragmatic
More pain shall be endured .
For , as the programmer will discover , there is no silver bullet .
It ’s complicated , and he ’s beginning to realize this .
An awareness emerges that the important things are getting the job done on time to a sufficient level of quality .
He can now estimate projects reasonably well , not because of any methodology , but because he ’s generally done something similar before .
He ’s got a lot of tools in his belt , and is suspicious of anything new .
He may become curmudgeonly and bitter .
Stage 7 – Transcendent
The programmer finally becomes self aware .
He now grasps how complicated it is , and recognizes the dimensions of the problem space .
He realizes the bounds of his knowledge and experience .
He is also fully aware of what efforts would be required to extend those bounds .
He ’s still suspicious of the new , but can now accommodate those new things into his arsenal .
The programmer is at peace with himself , embracing the chaos of development as something as elemental and unchangeable as the weather .
Canute cannot stop the tides , and not even the transcendent programmer can ship without bugs .
While all programmers may pass through the seven stages , not all will make it to transcendence .
Many will become stuck at a lower stage , and either abandon their quest , or settle wherever they find themselves , churning away at what they know .
Not all programmers take the same path , and not all aspects of the programmer will proceed at the same rate , or even direction .
With this unfortunate vagueness comes the observation that you can only recognize a stage when you are two stages above that stage .
Thus , the transcendent programmer will never truly know he is transcendent ( although he will suspect it ) and must always be in doubt as to the pragmatism of his solutions , and the pragmatic programmer will be forever conflicted regarding his usage of methodology .
Read the 2009 Hugo Award Winners for Free !
250 million speculative , fantastical , and surreal stories get written in this world every year .
Sometimes these stories happen completely by accident , tossed off in the middle of the night by some sweaty teenager without thought , direction , development , or characters .
Sometimes the stories appear in the inboxes of timid computer scientists as messages from the awakening internet : emergent narrative phenomena of the cyber " cloud .
" Weird tales are occasionally the products of drug - induced automatic writing experiments ; sometimes they are what ride on the last stale exhalations of corpses whose chests are split open for autopsies on the slab .
SF&S stories are traded as currency in some social circles , used to purchase baser goods such as food , sex , beer , and lodging .
SF&S stories have been found in locked chests on sunken Nazi u-boats , their dates and themes perfectly contemporary for reasons that are impossible to explain .
The swirling energies that surround the creation of these tales can bend space , time , and possibility -- provoking madness , elation , and profound transcendence .
Sometimes these stories are written by famous literary mandarins working under pseudonyms to make a quick buck .
For years , everyone thought Robert Heinlein was real .
It was only years after he died that scholars realized he was really Gertrude Stein , sober and typing with her left hand .
Anyway , since these stories spontaneously generate like maggots breed on bread under a bell jar , it is damned important to sort the good ones from the bad .
Here are 2009's best arealistic fiction stories according to this year 's Hugo Awards .
Read 'em for free here !*** A ninety - year old physicist and his assisted living cohort begin to experience strange psychic phenomena as a result of an approaching spacecraft that is testing humanity for spiritual weakness .
Note to Kress : an old Russian ballerina would go by Chernova ; not Chernov .
I 'm just saying .
Between the Great Wars , a natural scientist ( and the grandson of a Buffalo Soldier ) finds out all about shoggoths : where they come from , where they go , how come they live forever , and what they secretly want .
Lovecraft desegregated !
Here 's the first coupla paragraphs :
" It has long been said that air ( which others call argon ) is the source of life .
This is not in fact the case , and I engrave these words to describe how I came to understand the true source of life and , as a corollary , the means by which life will one day end .
" For most of history , the proposition that we drew life from air was so obvious that there was no need to assert it .
Every day we consume two lungs heavy with air ; every day we remove the empty ones from our chest and replace them with full ones .
If a person is careless and lets his air level run too low , he feels the heaviness of his limbs and the growing need for replenishment .
It is exceedingly rare that a person is unable to get at least one replacement lung before his installed pair runs empty ; on those unfortunate occasions where this has happened -- when a person is trapped and unable to move , with no one nearby to assist him -- he dies within seconds of his air running out .
" What is going on !
Keep readin ' to find out !
Actually , you can't read this one here for free .
I could probably dig up a torrent from somewhere and hook you up , but I 'm not going to aid nor abet your goddamn criminal heart .
Gaiman 's got bills , ya'll !
Dude 's got to pay back the DEVIL !
Infinite speed limit infinite limit speed sign
Comments
There are no comments added yet .
Add the first yourself !
“ I ’ll pray for you ! ”
We atheists hear that a lot .
Whether it be in public or on the Internet , Christians often feel an overwhelming desire to declare there intention to pray for someone at any given opportunity .
More often than not I believe that this is simply a display of piety and an attempt at letting those around know that they are “ good god- fearing Christians ” .
Let ’s look at something the Bible has to say about prayer :
Matthew 6:6 KJV : But thou , when thou prayest , enter into thy closet , and when thou hast shut thy door , pray to thy Father which is in secret ; and thy Father which seeth in secret shall reward thee openly .
Now , I know that in Acts 20:36 Paul knelt down with the body of believers and prayed quite openly , but this is in the presence of other like minded believing people – when you are out in a public place I truly believe that the Bible commands you not to make a public show of your prayers – either by announcing your intention to do so or by making flagrant displays of prayer .
Flagrant Displays ?
What is a flagrant display of prayer ?
In the last week I have been to about 3 sit down restaurants .
At each of these restaurants there was a group of people there that would either bow their heads or even join hands in order to bless their food .
I ca n’t imagine anything more flagrant .
It was like seeing a group of people say “ Look at us , we are praying because WE LOVE JESUS !!! ” .
It is n’t that bowing ones head is such a robust showing , but the act in and of itself reeks of false piety and the desire to look the part ; simply put , everyone knows what you are doing when you bow your head and you know that everyone knows .
A couple of months ago my wife and I had a little party where a salesman comes and tries to sell insanely expensive stuff to the party goers .
Part of his demonstration was that he used the cookware he was trying to sell to cook a meal for everyone there .
After he was done cooking he , without asking the hosts , asked everyone to bow their heads and pray … and he begun before I could say anything .
While a few of the people were praying with him I exchanged glances with many of my friends as they anticipated what I might be about to do .
I simply let him know when he was done praying that we were Atheists and that prayers were n’t necessary – he replied with , ” well , Jesus loves you anyway . ”
I let it slide , but it was quite disrespectful .
Flashbacks
I remember when I was a Christian , I too performed public displays of prayer .
When I did this I was still a “ baby christian ” .
My understanding of the Bible was nil and my experience was about that same .
When I matured after I had spent a few years doing individual Bible study I learned that these displays were un-biblical to say the least and I began praying silently with no outward sign of it at all .
I also had a quiet room in my house where I spent hours in prayer at a time .
That may be a bit more extreme than many folks these days but my point is to show that there should be a recognizable difference between some young Christian that does n’t understand his religion and those that have been in it for 30 years and more .
I ’m not attempting to defend the Bible in the least ; it is still a savage book unworthy of the attention it gets .
Lately though I have felt the desire to begin addressing the Christian world from the former Christian now Atheist perspective .
To say it simply , I want Christians to be Christians or to stop calling themselves that .
Conclusion
Pray all you want .
I ca n’t stop someone for praying for my eternally damned soul .
It is appreciated because I know that in general you mean well .
Do n’t make a show out of it or next time I and my friends might just make a show out of you .
We may just quote Matt 6:6 aloud and publicly as a way to chastise your false piety – would n’t that be embarrassing ?
Do what your Bible says .
EDIT :
Someone made a comment on StumbleUpon about how they really did n’t agree with the part about praying in restaurants etc … I just want to say that I know not everyone does it with that in mind .
I do n’t think I ever did .
Some do .
All I ask is that you examine your motive when you do either of the things I have talked about in this post today .
Health
CBC
On the family cattle farm just outside Caroline , Alta. , Nicole and Bill Houlton are busy doing the daily chores .
As they go about taking hay to the cows , there is no outward sign of the health struggles they 've had over the past three years .
Nicole Houlton , 28 , has had three miscarriages .
It has been a painful time that has brought into focus their reliance on their local health - care clinic and hospital at the same time Alberta doctors and the province are in a contract dispute over how to find savings while still delivering quality care .
While embarking into the unknown world of fertility treatments in Calgary , the Houltons learned they are losing their primary care physician .
They also found out five of the eight doctors who work in the Moose and Squirrel Medical Clinic in nearby Sundre have given notice they are leaving Alberta to practise elsewhere .
" We felt crushed .
Going through all this fertility stuff , it 's like , now what do we do ? " Nicole Houlton said .
The doctors and staff at the clinic in Sundre have become like family , she said , offering a lifeline when she did n't know where to turn .
" They 've been there for me 100 per cent of the way , just phone calls , emails , you name it , they 're there for you .
" Nicole Houlton , who also works as a butcher at a local grocery store , said she was surprised and grateful when the clinic reached out to her husband of four years as well .
" The man is part of the loss , too .
" Bill Houlton , a sawmill worker , said he did n't ask for help , but it was there for the 32 - year - old anyway , " just to check on me and see how I was doing and how I was handling it . " '
It was awful ' Dr. Alanna Bowie said that writing the letter that left the Houltons " crushed , " telling them that she was leaving the Sundre clinic , was " so hard . "
" I do n't really know what else to say other than that it was awful .
" Bowie was born , raised and educated in Alberta .
She expected to spend her career in the province , practising " cradle to grave " rural medicine .
Her tight network of family and friends is in Alberta .
But the contract dispute between the province and the Alberta Medical Association has left Bowie so frustrated , she said , that she is leaving for British Columbia at the end of April .
She has arranged locums , or fill - in work , in B.C. until she decides where to settle permanently .
" It was death by a thousand cuts , all of these little insidious things that made it more difficult , made my job feel more and more unstable .
"
In a voluntary survey conducted with members last summer , the Alberta Medical Association found that hundreds of doctors say they 're considering leaving the province or retiring early .
Threats to stop doing shifts at local hospitals
In addition to the five doctors resigning from the Sundre clinic , more than a handful of physicians elsewhere in the province have publicly announced they are leaving Alberta .
Alberta Health Services could not provide CBC with an exact number of resignations or how that compared to previous years .
Doctors in more than a dozen Alberta communities have threatened or given notice they will stop doing shifts at local hospitals and concentrate solely on family practice .
It 's hard to say how much weight the contract dispute between doctors held in individual decisions to leave Alberta .
But each resignation has come as a protracted battle has raged since the province cancelled the master agreement with the Alberta Medical Association last February .
It was n't due to expire until the end of March .
It has descended into an unusually public battle of back - and - forth since then , played out on social media , in newspaper ads and in town halls organized by doctors .
" It 's a new government .
So they came with a mandate , kind of the iron fist , and they 've been showing that , " said Dr. Edward Aasman , president of the AMA 's rural sector , " but it does n't really help people work together to come up with solutions .
" The AMA is suing the province for violating doctors ' charter rights when it tore up their contract .
The government says this is nothing more than a wage battle run amok .
It says it 's trying to rein in unsustainable health - care spending , including more than $ 5.4 billion annually spent on physician services .
" Alberta spends more per capita on physician services than any other province , " Steve Buick , press secretary to Alberta Health Minister Tyler Shandro , wrote in a statement to CBC News , " We have slightly more physicians per capita than the national average , and we pay them more than in any other province .
" Bowie refutes what she calls " the vilification of physicians and gaslighting of Albertans to believe that this is all financially motivated , when in fact it 's not at all . "
She said she and others will likely take a pay cut when they move to other provinces .
Instead , she said her decision to leave was cemented by the province 's health - care direction and the fractured relationship between doctors and the government .
Aasman said the AMA is actually ahead of the government when it comes to finding ways to reduce physician costs by finding savings that will have the least impact on patient care .
Large variety of jobsBy the nature of the job , many rural family physicians perform a large variety of medical services and advocates say they often have less room in their bottom lines to absorb cuts .
Similarly , for each rural doctor who leaves or retires and is n't replaced , the effect on a community is felt more deeply , the AMA says .
" We see a lot of orphaned patients " when a doctor leaves a small community , Aasman said .
" It increases the workload , the stress on the hospital , both our community and probably surrounding communities as well .
That 's a big thing .
" The government said it is making practising rural medicine in Alberta the most attractive proposal in the country , with various financial and recruiting incentives .
It said the very public resignations wo n't affect the number of physicians practising in Alberta .
It is forecasting more new physicians will start working in the province than leave it .
" We do not expect shortages overall or in any specific community , apart from the normal staffing challenges in smaller centres .
That includes Sundre , where the hospital is fully covered and services continue without interruption , " Buick said .
Worries remainBut with their own clinic losing five physicians , Nicole and Bill Houlton remain worried , and not just for themselves .
" Our senior parents and folks , we worry about them .
It 's a lot harder for them to travel to a family doctor , " Bill Houlton said .
Nicole Houlton said after struggling with trying to start a family , they are now left with more uncertainty .
" Nobody really knows what 's coming , what to do , what the next steps are . "
Or if they will even have a family doctor come spring .
Karl Malden , a versatile Oscar - winning actor who built a six - decade Hollywood career playing heroes and heavies -- and , often , relatable ordinary men -- yet who was certain he was best known as a commercial pitchman for American Express , has died .
He was 97 .
Malden died Wednesday of natural causes at his Brentwood home , said Mila Doerner , a daughter .
He received his Academy Award for playing Mitch in the 1951 film “ A Streetcar Named Desire , ” a role he originated on Broadway .
Two decades later , he starred in the 1970s TV series “ The Streets of San Francisco ” with Michael Douglas , then in his late 20s .
In a statement to The Times , Douglas called Malden a “ mentor ” whom he “ admired and loved ” deeply .
Advertisement
For more than 20 years , Malden was the spokesman for American Express travelers checks who turned “ Do n’t leave home without them ” into a national catchphrase in a series of commercials that debuted in 1973 .
In a company that has become known for its celebrity spokespeople , Malden “ was one of the first and most memorable , ” Joanna Lambert , a company vice president , told The Times in an e-mail .
Johnny Carson spoofed Malden ’s sober - faced ads on “ The Tonight Show , ” and Malden often recalled that people were always throwing a version of the tagline -- “ Do n’t leave home without it ” -- back at him .
With his unglamorous mug -- Malden had broken his bulbous nose twice playing sports as a teenager -- the former Indiana steel - mill worker realized early on the course his acting career would take .
Advertisement
“ I never thought I was salable , ” Malden recalled in a 2004 interview .
“ I learned in my second year of drama school that I was not a leading man -- I was a character actor .
So I thought , I ’d better be the best character actor around . ”
In a movie career that flourished in the 1950s and ‘ 60s , Malden played a variety of roles in more than 50 films , including the sympathetic priest in “ On the Waterfront , ” the resentful husband in “ Baby Doll , ” the warden in “ Birdman of Alcatraz , ” the pioneer patriarch in “ How the West Was Won , ” Madame Rose ’s suitor in “ Gypsy , ” the card dealerin “ The Cincinnati Kid ” and Gen. Omar Bradley in “ Patton . ”
The variety of the roles established Malden , former Times film critic Charles Champlin once wrote , “ as an Everyman , but one whose range moved easily up and down the levels of society and the IQ scale , from heroes to heavies and ordinary , decent guys just trying to get along . ”
Eva Marie Saint , who worked with him in 1954 ’s “ On the Waterfront ” and became a good friend , called Malden “ a consummate actor . ”
Advertisement
He “ never changed , he always became the character .
If you watch his work , he never falls , there ’s never a false move , ” she told The Times on Wednesday .
Malden was a longtime holdout on television roles until he agreed to play Lt. Mike Stone on the ABC police drama “ The Streets of San Francisco . ”
It ran from 1972 to 1977 and earned him four consecutive Emmy nominations .
He won his sole Emmy for portraying a man who begins to suspect that his daughter was murdered by her husband in the fact - based 1984 miniseries “ Fatal Vision . ”
Although he could find his American Express fame “ frustrating , ” the commercials gave him an actor ’s luxury : financial independence .
Advertisement
“ I do n’t have to jump at anything and everything that comes my way , ” he said in 1989 .
He was born Mladen Sekulovich in Chicago on March 22 , 1912 , the son of an immigrant mother from the nation that later became Czechoslovakia and a Serbian father , who was a milkman .
Malden spoke little English until his family moved from their Serbian enclave in Chicago to the steel - mill town of Gary , Ind. , when he was 5 .
Malden ’s father staged Serbian plays at church and in Serbian organizations in Gary .
As a teenager , Malden often appeared in them and in plays in high school .
He also played high school basketball .
Advertisement
After graduating in 1931 , he spent three years working in a steel mill before deciding to enroll in the Goodman School of Drama at the Art Institute of Chicago .
At the school , he underwent strenuous training to rid himself of the remains of his Slavic accent .
Malden also helped build scenery , took acting classes and appeared in plays .
The most important thing he learned , he later recalled , “ was to enjoy working on a part . ”
After graduating from Goodman in 1937 , he was too broke to pay $ 5 for his diploma .
He worked briefly as a milkman in Gary , then headed for New York with $ 175 in savings .
Advertisement
In Manhattan , he met Harold Clurman and Elia Kazan of the Group Theater , a legendary repertory company , and debuted on Broadway in 1937 as a fight manager in a company production of Clifford Odet ’s “ Golden Boy . ”
Kazan , who would play a prominent role in Malden ’s stage and film career , urged young Mladen Sekulovich to change his name .
The actor devised his stage name by taking his maternal grandfather ’s first name and turning “ Mladen ” into “ Malden . ”
He acted sporadically on radio and appeared in eight plays , but most ran for less than a month .
There were long spells of unemployment , Malden recalled in his 1997 memoir , “ When Do I Start ? ”
But there was an upside :
In 1938 , he married Mona Graham , an actress he had met when they were students at the Goodman School .
They had two daughters , Carla and Mila , and remained together until Malden ’s death .
Advertisement
“ I ’m the happiest man in the world because of my family , ” Malden often said .
During World War II , he spent two years stateside in the Army Air Forces , mainly acting on Broadway in “ Winged Victory , ” the Moss Hart show that raised millions for emergency relief .
Malden also appeared in the 1944 film version .
Back in New York after the war , Malden ’s worries about restarting his stage career proved unfounded .
Kazan asked him to play a drunken sailor in Maxwell Anderson ’s “ Truckline Cafe , ” which featured a young actor who mumbled during rehearsals : Marlon Brando .
Advertisement
In 1947 , Malden broke through on stage playing the partner of a man ( played by Ed Begley ) who profits by making faulty parts for warplanes in the Arthur Miller drama “ All My Sons , ” directed by Kazan .
Malden followed that up with an even greater stage success : his role as Blanche DuBois ’ awkward suitor in Tennessee Williams ’
“ A Streetcar Named Desire , ” the Kazan - directed play that turned Brando into a Broadway star .
In his memoir , Malden said Brando “ brought a reality to the stage that the theater had never witnessed before . ”
“ Playing with Marlon consistently brought out the best in me , ” Malden wrote .
“ I guess , in the final analysis , it is impossible to beat genius , but it can be great fun to try to match it . ”
Advertisement
Malden played Mitch on stage for about two years , then reprised the role in the 1951 movie version , also directed by Kazan .
For his role as a tough waterfront priest in the 1954 Kazan film “ On the Waterfront , ” Malden received a supporting actor Oscar nomination .
The character was based on Father John Corridan , whose church was near Hell ’s Kitchen on the Hudson River .
Malden wore Corridan ’s hat and coat in the film and spent 11 days with the priest , who told him , “ Just do n’t make me holier than thou ; make me a human being . ”
A speech Corridan had delivered on the docks provided the core of the film in which Malden ’s waterfront priest encourages longshoremen to testify against union corruption .
Advertisement
As Malden recalled in 1991 in The Times , Corridan “ was a Jesuit priest who taught law to the longshoremen .
. . .
The scene in the hold of the ship , he wrote at least 80 % of that speech .
A man came to him and said , ‘ Father John , I ca n’t get a chit to go to work .
Now I have n’t gotten a chit in two months . ’
He says , ‘ You go in there and demand a chit even if you take it out of his hands .
. . .’
And the man did , and two days later he was found in the East River , ” nearly dead .
The man survived , but the next morning Corridan stood on a box on the dock and delivered the sermon that inspired Budd Schulberg ’s screenplay .
“ Some people think the crucifixion only took place on Calvary .
They better wise up , ” Malden ’s priest says in the film .
“ Every time the mob puts the crusher on a good man , tries to stop him from doing his duty as a citizen , it ’s a crucifixion . ”
Kazan also directed Malden in the 1956 movie “ Baby Doll , ” Tennessee Williams ’ controversial story about the unusual marriage between a middle - aged man ( Malden ) and his teen bride , played by Carroll Baker .
Advertisement
Malden was one of the original members of the Actors Studio , formed by Kazan and others in 1948 after the Group Theater disbanded in 1941 .
After Kazan named names before the House Un- American Activities Committee in 1952 , Malden remained friends with the director .
Because of Kazan ’s testimony , Malden wrote in his book , many mutual friends who turned on Kazan also refused to speak to Malden .
The actor , who claimed to have always been apolitical , wrote that he “ never believed that politics had a place in art , that is to say , not in artistic relationships . ”
Malden said as much in 1999 when , as a member of the board of governors of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences , he proposed that Kazan be awarded an honorary Oscar for lifetime achievement .
Advertisement
Film festivals , critics associations and the American Film Institute had refused to bestow similar honors on Kazan in his later years because of his House testimony .
“ When I got up to talk , I suspected that there would be a big fight , but no one debated it at all , ” Malden later told The Times .
“ I said that I ’m nominating a dear friend , and as far as I ’m concerned , there ’s no place for politics in any art form .
An award like this is about your body of work , and when it comes to a body of work , Elia Kazan deserves to be honored . ”
When Malden finished speaking , The Times reported , he was greeted by a rousing burst of applause .
Malden served as president of the academy from 1989 to 1992 , during which he led the effort to remodel the academy theater in Beverly Hills and helped raise an endowment fund for the academy ’s Center for Motion Picture Study in the historic waterworks building in Beverly Hills .
Advertisement
As academy president , Malden also was required to speak at the annual Oscar - night ceremony seen by millions around the world .
There were no television cameras in 1952 when Malden accepted his best supporting actor Oscar for “ A Streetcar Named Desire . ”
The day of the Oscar ceremony at the Pantages Theater , he was making the B - movie “ Operation Secret , ” a World War II drama starring Cornel Wilde , at Warner Bros .
He had n’t even planned to attend the ceremony .
But , Malden told The Times in 1991 , someone from the front office went down to the set and said , “ You ’re going to the Oscar show .
You go to the wardrobe and get yourself a tuxedo .
You ’re going . ”
Advertisement
Malden ’s wife and family were home in New York , and he drove to the ceremony alone in an old green rented Chevy .
Embarrassed to see the limousines pulling up to the Pantages , he parked two blocks away .
As Malden recounted , “ I had a coat because in New York you had a coat -- a topcoat -- and I walked in .
Nobody knew me .
He put his coat in the adjacent seat before Humphrey Bogart and Lauren Bacall sat down .
When Malden ’s name was called as a winner , he asked Bogart to watch his coat .
“ He said , ‘ Get up there kid , take your Oscar . ’ . . . .
About a half - hour later , I see Bogart holding an Oscar , ” for best actor in “ The African Queen . ”
Advertisement
The first thing I said to him is , ‘ What did you do with my coat ? ’
He said in nice words , ‘ Forget your coat , hold on to the goddamn Oscar . ’ "
In addition to his wife of 70 years and his daughters , Malden is survived by three grandchildren and four great - grandchildren .
dennis.mclellan@latimes.com
Times staff writer Valerie J. Nelson contributed to this report .
Advertisement
MORE ARCHIVAL OBITUARIES
From the Archives : Johnny Carson Defined Late - Night TV
From the Archives : Marilyn Monroe Dies ; Pills Blamed
From the Archives : Bette Davis Dies in Paris at 81
Advertisement
From the Archives : Nat ‘ King ’
Cole dies of cancer at 45
From the Archives : Jack Lemmon , Everyman Star , Dies
For years , genes have been considered the one and only way biological traits could be passed down through generations of organisms .
Not anymore .
Increasingly , biologists are finding that non-genetic variation acquired during the life of an organism can sometimes be passed on to offspring — a phenomenon known as epigenetic inheritance .
An article forthcoming in the July issue of The Quarterly Review of Biology lists over 100 well - documented cases of epigenetic inheritance between generations of organisms , and suggests that non-DNA inheritance happens much more often than scientists previously thought .
Biologists have suspected for years that some kind of epigenetic inheritance occurs at the cellular level .
The different kinds of cells in our bodies provide an example .
Skin cells and brain cells have different forms and functions , despite having exactly the same DNA .
There must be mechanisms — other than DNA — that make sure skin cells stay skin cells when they divide .
Only recently , however , have researchers begun to find molecular evidence of non-DNA inheritance between organisms as well as between cells .
The main question now is :
How often does it happen ?
" The analysis of these data shows that epigenetic inheritance is ubiquitous … , " write Eva Jablonka and Gal Raz , both of Tel - Aviv University in Israel .
Their article outlines inherited epigenetic variation in bacteria , protists , fungi , plants , and animals .
advertisement
These findings " represent the tip of a very large iceberg , " the authors say .
For example , Jablonka and Raz cite a study finding that when fruit flies are exposed to certain chemicals , at least 13 generations of their descendants are born with bristly outgrowths on their eyes .
Another study found that exposing a pregnant rat to a chemical that alters reproductive hormones leads to generations of sick offspring .
Yet another study shows higher rates of heart disease and diabetes in the children and grandchildren of people who were malnourished in adolescence .
In these cases , as well as the rest of the cases Jablonka and Raz cite , the source of the variation in subsequent generations was not DNA .
Rather , the new traits were carried on through epigenetic means .
There are four known mechanisms for epigenetic inheritance .
According to Jablonka and Raz , the best understood of these is " DNA methylation . "
Methyls , small chemical groups within cells , latch on to certain areas along the DNA strand .
The methyls serve as a kind of switch that renders genes active or inactive .
By turning genes on and off , methyls can have a profound impact on the form and function of cells and organisms , without changing the underlying DNA .
If the normal pattern of methyls is altered — by a chemical agent , for example — that new pattern can be passed to future generations .
advertisement
The result , as in the case of the pregnant rats , can be dramatic and stick around for generations , despite the fact that underlying DNA remains unchanged .
Lamarck revisited
New evidence for epigenetic inheritance has profound implications for the study of evolution , Jablonka and Raz say .
" Incorporating epigenetic inheritance into evolutionary theory extends the scope of evolutionary thinking and leads to notions of heredity and evolution that incorporate development , " they write .
This is a vindication of sorts for 18th century naturalist Jean Baptiste Lamarck .
Lamarck , whose writings on evolution predated Charles Darwin's , believed that evolution was driven in part by the inheritance of acquired traits .
His classic example was the giraffe .
Giraffe ancestors , Lamarck surmised , reached with their necks to munch leaves high in trees .
The reaching caused their necks to become slightly longer — a trait that was passed on to descendants .
Generation after generation inherited slightly longer necks , and the result is what we see in giraffes today .
With the advent of Mendelian genetics and the later discovery of DNA , Lamarck 's ideas fell out of favor entirely .
Research on epigenetics , while yet to uncover anything as dramatic as Lamarck 's giraffes , does suggest that acquired traits can be heritable , and that Lamarck was not so wrong after all .
Yes , we know that the Drug Czar is required by law to lie , but given the abysmally low standards set by Gil Kerlikowske ’s predecessor we certainly expected better than this .
Drug czar :
Feds wo n’t support legalized pot
via The Fresno Bee
The federal government is not going to pull back on its efforts to curtail marijuana farming operations , Gil Kerlikowske , director of the White House ’s Office of National Drug Control Policy , said Wednesday in Fresno .
… “ Legalization is not in the president ’s vocabulary , and it ’s not in mine , ” he said .
… “ Marijuana is dangerous and has no medicinal benefit . ”
Most folks visiting this blog ought to recognize Kerlikowske ’s first bit of hyperbole ; after all , this is n’t the first time the Czar has admitted to possessing a severely limited vocabulary .
It ’s Kerlikowske ’s second allegation — an outright lie — that truly has people flabbergasted .
And with good reason .
Hundreds of scientific studies in peer - reviewed journals now document the therapeutic utility of cannabis .
That ’s why thirteen states , encompassing more than 25 percent of the US population , have legalized the physician - supervised use of pot .
To add insult to injury , the Drug Czar was visiting a medical marijuana state ( California ) when he made his asinine remark .
Then again , the Kerlikowske is stunted by his limited vocabulary .
So perhaps he is unable to read the findings of the hundreds of studies presently available in the scientific literature .
But is that any excuse to deny what is taking place in front of his eyes ?
For instance , a new study published in the Journal of Opioid Management just days prior to Kerlikowske ’s foot - in - mouth speech affirms :
“ Clearly , there is a growing acceptability of the therapeutic practice of medicinal cannabis use amongst organized medicine groups .
…
Estimates indicate that in 2008 , approximately 7,000 American physicians have made such authorizations for a total of approximately 400,000 patients . ”
So which is it Gil ?
Are more than 7,000 US physicians really all just snake - oil salesmen ?
Are 400,000 US patients actually just suffering from one massive placebo effect ?
Or are you sir , just like your predecessor , simply full of sh*t ?
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
WPI envisions sustainable change happening when each and every one of us works towards their own self - development .
Thus , we have created free and accessible tools for the empowerment and wellbeing of individuals worldwide , regardless of age , race , religion , cultural background .
HOME GIRL : Hayley Murfet and Chris Oram with daughter Eppany Nevaeh whose arrival took everyone by surprise .
Picture by Chris Ison Local Faces ' I gave birth on the toilet floor '
FIVE hours after she was sent home from Rockhampton Hospital ’s maternity unit because nothing was happening , Hayley Murfet had her first child on the toilet floor of her Depot Hill home .
The young mum was recovering in hospital yesterday with her new daughter , Eppany Nevaeh , reliving the impromptu home birth .
“ It just happened so quickly .
When things started it was all over in about five minutes , ” she said .
Her mum Tracy and dad Wayne did their best to help , but Hayley said her partner Chris Oram was a hero .
“ He was the calmest of everyone and the biggest help .
He was the only one calm enough to speak to the ambulance service on the phone .
He did very well . ”
Chris said helping to deliver his child in such unusual circumstances was exciting and nerve - racking .
“ It happened so quickly there was no time to think about what we were doing .
We just did it . ”
An ambulance arrived just in time for staff to take control and cut Eppany ’s umbilical cord .
The new arrival weighed in at nine pounds exactly , or 4080g .
“ Although it ’s not what I had planned I actually quite enjoyed having the baby at home , ” said Hayley .
“ If I have another baby I want to have it delivered at home . ”
Eppany , who was actually six days overdue , arrived at 5.40 pm on Sunday .
Hayley hopes to go home today .
this blog is about swearing at stuff
AAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
LIRL LIRL
Posted in I know this is all over METRO already but i could n’t not post this .
The way he pretends he ’s scratching his head to cover the fact he flipped someone off is totally ridiculous .
Shoulda kept it there .
I wonder if he ’ll get fired ????
Posted in Uncategorized on August 18 , 2010 by flipstuffoff
Leave a comment »
DOGS Posted in Sometimes I feel like this guy .
Posted in Uncategorized on June 21 , 2010 by flipstuffoff
Leave a comment »
Plagiarism Posted in This Douchebag stole my joke !
http://fuckyouyork.com/
And the worst thing about it is that his site looks all nice and professional !
Posted in Uncategorized on May 13 , 2010 by flipstuffoff
Leave a comment »
Cleavage Posted in I ’m getting a reputation for being a weirdo who takes pictures of people I do n’t know kissing .
And despite this photo :
That could n’t be further from the truth .
Having said that , it would be criminal if these photos I found on my phone ( of which i have no recollection of taking ) did n’t end up posted .
So here they are :
WHOOPS !
How ’d that one get in there !
Posted in Uncategorized on May 12 , 2010 by flipstuffoff
Leave a comment »
THE LAKE DISTRICT
Posted in Went to the lake district on the weekend … .
What a load of bollocks .
Also …wtf is with this dog ?
The kennel ’s for going inside not standing on top of : Posted in Uncategorized on May 11 , 2010 by flipstuffoff
Leave a comment »
Massive Dogs Posted in I thought this one was rather large …
But then I saw this one which was even more bloody massive …
And then these dogs got me thinking … why can’t I just sit down all day waiting for people to come up and admire me and stroke me ?
WHY ???
Posted in Uncategorized on April 30 , 2010 by flipstuffoff 1 Comment »
PLATFORM MAGAZINE
Posted in Although the thing is I actually love platform magazine .
They interviewed me ages ago and it was really fun , but i never put the link up .
So here it is : http://www.readplatform.com/blog-spotlight-flipstuff-off/
Posted in Uncategorized on April 29 , 2010 by flipstuffoff
Leave a comment »
Couples Kissing Posted in
But one can never be sure … so I took a bunch more photos .
So just to clarify … I was feeling jealous , grossed out and turned on .
All jokes aside … if you are one of these two people , or you know one or both of them , I really want to know …
How did you not bloody notice someone taking about 30 photos of you ?
( i edited my ones down ) Posted in Uncategorized on April 27 , 2010 by flipstuffoff Leave a comment »
A new dawn in Flipping off … the beast awakens Posted in It ’s been a long time .
A very long time indeed .
Let me tell you a story …
So there I was , looking through photos of myself on facebook .
And I found these :
And I suddenly realised , that during this time off , I had been living a lie .
Flipping off was in my blood .
That part of me was being left to die .
Plus the other hand gestures I was trying out just were n’t working for me :
So i’ve quit my job ( it was shit anyway ) and the blog is back .
Expect it to be sicker than before .
Also if it ’s your thing you can follow me on twitter , username : flipstuffoff Posted in Uncategorized on April 27 , 2010 by flipstuffoff
Leave a comment »
IBIZA Posted in So .. it turns out people who get naked at parties in Ibiza is a big issue .
I thought this guy was bad :
Turns out that was just the tip of the iceburg .
Another highlight was this guy :
All jokes aside I actually did eat toast from this toaster .
Posted in Uncategorized on August 4 , 2009 by flipstuffoff
Leave a comment »
Sad story about a happy mouse Posted in Mouse was spotted again by the girl who sits opposite me in the office .
Unfortunately the next time it was spotted was dying a miserable death in this trap Posted in Uncategorized on July 9 , 2009 by flipstuffoff
Leave a comment »
The hot weather Posted in My friend said ‘ get it in a cup cos it ’ll only melt ’ , and i was like ‘ WTF !?
I ’m not 6 years old !’
This is a picture of her having the last laugh :
But in the end it was I who had the REAL last laugh …
Posted in Uncategorized on June 30 , 2009 by flipstuffoff 2 Comments »
Exhibitionist Tigers Posted in Other highlights of the zoo include …
The animal who wants to be a giraffe :
This extremely elusive creature .
Species : Gyllenhall .
Genus : Maggie
And this fella who was in one of the animal enclosures prompting about 20 ‘ Oh look at that funny animal ! ’ comments from everyone watching ( including me ) Posted in Uncategorized on June 24 , 2009 by flipstuffoff 3 Comments »
HRH Queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom and the other Commonwealth Realms Posted in Now this lady has been top of my flip off list since day one .
So this is pretty exctiting .
But she was very far away so the quality is n’t that great .
She ’s the one in the blue dress sitting down .
This took so long to get the angle right as it was zoomed right in .
I was so paranoid that a red sniper ’s lazer would appear on my forehead while I was doing this .
This wo n’t be the last time I ’m in the presence of the Queen .
Hopefully next time I ’ll be a lot closer to her so I can do this thing properly .
Posted in Uncategorized on June 22 , 2009 by flipstuffoff 4 Comments »
Royal Ascot Posted in
All in all , a great day had by everybody Posted in Uncategorized on June 22 , 2009 by flipstuffoff 1 Comment »
Libraries Posted in Posted in Uncategorized on June 18 , 2009 by flipstuffoff 2 Comments »
Scotland and Wales Posted in Neither of these were done by me but I thought it was weird that I got sent a flipoff of Scottish AND Welsh scenery today .
Scotland : Wales : Posted in Uncategorized on June 17 , 2009 by flipstuffoff
Leave a comment »
Watford Posted in Posted in Uncategorized on June 16 , 2009 by flipstuffoff 1 Comment »
This is so cool Posted in Been getting a few flip offs sent to me which is cool .
Out of all of them though this has to be up there with the best : Posted in Uncategorized on June 16 , 2009 by flipstuffoff 1 Comment »
please send me your own flip offs Posted in There ’s a section to the right here called send your flipoffs here .
Would love to get some more .
Either send them to my twitter ( username : rawstudface ) or email them to rorypatrickrobinson@gmail.com Posted in Uncategorized on June 16 , 2009 by flipstuffoff 3 Comments »
FLIPPING STUFF OFF WORKS GUYS Posted in And then they agreed to acknowledge our work !
true story
What have we learned from this ?????
that flipping stuff off actually gets results .
Posted in Uncategorized on June 15 , 2009 by flipstuffoff
Leave a comment »
Lightweights Posted in
These two had to have a nap during an important meeting .
All I ’m going to say is that if you ca n’t take the heat girls …. well you know what to get out of .
Posted in Uncategorized on June 15 , 2009 by flipstuffoff Leave a comment »
FIRST GENUINE CELEBRITY FLIPOFF !
Posted in
My hands are actually shaking as I type .
This is pretty exciting .
For those who do n’t know , this is actor / comedian Mat Horne : ( BTW this obviously was n’t me – i do n’t wear nail varnish ) Posted in Uncategorized on June 14 , 2009 by flipstuffoff Leave a comment »
Some shout outs Posted in Been getting some flipoffs sent to me which is cool .
This one ’s from Aine
The next two are both from lizzie .
first things first , OMG HOW FREAKISHLY LONG IS LIZZIE’S MIDDLE FINGER .
wow Always looking for more flipoffs .
Send them to rorypatrickrobinson@gmail.com
Posted in Uncategorized on June 7 , 2009 by flipstuffoff 1 Comment »
the MEP elections Posted in So for the sheer confusion if nothing else … this is a well deserved flipoff : Posted in Uncategorized on June 4 , 2009 by flipstuffoff 2 Comments »
RECESSION SPECIAL !
Posted in Had a lot of requests for a bank flipoff , so here you go :
To be honest though I do n’t actually have a problem with the banks and also I do n’t understand the economic crisis at all so if anyone could explain it to me ?
Posted in Uncategorized on June 4 , 2009 by flipstuffoff
Leave a comment »
My friend Tom Posted in My friend tom is a bit of a dick sometimes .
He sent me this flipoff : haha very funny .
So i said we had to meet up to sort this out once and for all .
And he was all like :
So I was like :
But then i felt bad cos he was like : Posted in Uncategorized on May 30 , 2009 by flipstuffoff 9 Comments »
SO BASICALLY
Posted in i want to be less like this
and more like this Posted in Uncategorized on May 25 , 2009 by flipstuffoff 3 Comments »
' Remember the $ 400 hammer ?
How 'bout that $ 600 toilet seat ? " asks a Conservatives for Patients ' Rights TV commercial criticizing President Barack Obama 's health - care plan .
" Seems when Congress gets involved , things just cost more . "
As it happens , I do remember the incident of the $ 436 hammer , the one that made headlines back in 1984 .
And while it may " seem " in hazy retrospect as though it showed how " things just cost more " once those silly liberals in Congress get started , what the hammer episode actually illustrated was a ...
Reviews
The Descent ( 2005 ) Excellent British Horror .
8 July 2005 - 1 out of 4 users found this review helpful .
Dog Soldiers was enjoyable .
This film is better .
More polished .
The premise is realistic and gripping .
Good all round storytelling .
The score was impressive , quite haunting actually .
The action draws you in .
Only complaints were :
The underwater scene with Natlalie Mendoza .
The action highlight of the film .
This scene was far too short !
If it lasted longer then it would have been more exciting and gripping .
It would have been good to have a proper look at Mendoza underwater !
MAKE MORE OF THIS ON THE DVD EXTRAS .
The ending , when one character stabs the other in the leg to hamper her survival .
I felt short changed by this .
A very entertaining film which has beaten The Cave to the punch .
9/10 .
See more ▼
See less ▲
War of the Worlds ( 2005 ) The Tripods looks spectacular 1 July 2005 - 1 out of 6 users found this review helpful .
From design , modelling , animation and final rendering , the Tripods are a paragon of Alien design .
Streamlined , aggressive and terrifying , I have never witnessed aliens like this on film .
The head is a circular front light display capped off by a helmet .
The legs are 3 taped tentacles .
Two at the front , one at the back .
They end in three pronged hands .
The other smaller tentacles they have top off the look .
The only humour in the film comes from the aliens .
Sucking up people with a tentacled straw and later pissing them out as red weed fertiliser .
The aliens in the cellar spinning a wheel was a good touch .
So was the tripod reflections in car windows .
They rock man , they make the film .
Wooster Collective spotted this fun prank at Bristol Zoo where an informational placard about Homo Sapiens was installed outside the zoo 's cafe .
Click the image to read the sign .
A New Species at Bristol Zoo ( Thanks , Lindsay Tiemeyer ! )
UPDATE : Of course , humans have previously been exhibited at zoos in decidedly not funny contexts .
It 's a fascinating speech and I would have liked to see the audience 's reaction for myself .
It 's an unfortunate reality that the case for drug policy reform has yet to be widely embraced in the African - American community and Ethan faced the unique challenge of presenting our argument to NAACP leaders in only 7 minutes .
Here 's some subsequent discussion from the same event , in which an audience member asks the panelists what they think about marijuana legalization .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Home sales continued their modest upward swing in May , according to a closely watched industry report that rose for the fourth straight month for the first time in nearly 5 years .
The Pending Home Sales Index , reported Wednesday by the National Association of Realtors ( NAR ) , rose 0.1 % during the month .
The index was up 6.7 % compared with May 2008 .
It was the first four - month run up in the pending sales measure since October 2004
Industry prognosticators had forecast no growth at all in the index for the month , according to Briefing.com , expecting it to settle back after ramping up 6.7 % in April .
But the rise in sales contracts may not yield a like increase in completed sales , according to Lawrence Yun , chief economist for NAR .
" Closed existing - home sales have improved but are coming in lower than expected because some contracts are delayed or falling through from the application of new appraisal rules for many transactions , " he said .
Many industry insiders have complained that home appraisals are being too often based on values of foreclosed properties , which sell for significantly less than the homes of ordinary sellers .
The banks that have repossessed the foreclosed homes are anxious to sell and accept offers at large discounts than comparable homes not in foreclosure .
" We see that distressed homes often are selling for 20 % less than normal homes in the same area , but some appraisals do n't distinguish between traditional homes and distressed property , " said NAR President Charles McMillan , a broker in Dallas - Fort Worth .
Overall , home sales are still slow , about a third below the peak years of 2005 and 2006 .
The market will probably not rebound very fast , according to Robert Dye , a senior economist with PNC Financial Services , the Pittsburgh - based bank
" [ The May number ] is not a robust indicator of future market expansion , " he said .
" Taken with the April number , it points to a gradual but slow recovery . "
One factor favoring a rebound is lower home prices .
NAR 's Housing Affordability Index remains near historic highs , although it declined in May to 171.6 from 178.8 a month earlier , mostly due to higher interest rates .
April was the high point for the index , which dates back to 1970 .
" Under these conditions the typical family would devote only 14.6 % of gross income to mortgage principal and interest , which is one of the lowest percentages on record , " said Yun .
" If rates had n't crept up , we may have seen a better number [ for the May index ] , " said Dye .
Still , many other economic factors are decidedly negative , pointed out Dye .
Consumer confidence is low , unemployment is up and prospects for more layoffs , work furloughs and slashed hours high .
" Market conditions are still poor , " he said .
( last update 30/6/2010 )
email ( without spaces ) : julian.excel @ gmail.com or
julian7_s @ yahoo.com
Index listing A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z end
Excel Macros ( VBA ) tips for beginners .
I do not use macros that have too many lines of codes as this may confuse beginers .
I remembered when I started learning macro programming and going to sites by Chip Pearson & John Walkenbach and started seeing stars instead of VB !!!.
Simplified macros are used for easy understanding for people like YOU and ME .
By the way by , I am trained as an Accountant and not a programmer .
I hope the this site gets you started in Macro Programming & Good Luck .
NOTE : Run the macros at your own risk .
Macros can not be un -done .
Therefore always save your workbook before running any macros .
Auto Run [ 24/12/2001 ] ( back to top )
Making your macros run automatically when opening your workbook .
You can either use the Auto Open method or the Workbook Open method .
These macros will display the message " Hello " when you open the workbook .
Sub Auto_Open ( )
Msgbox " Hello "
End Sub
This code would be located in the module .
However if you use the second method , the code must be in the workbook ( double click " This Workbook " in the explorer window ) .
Click on the drop down list ( that says General ) and select Workbook .
Click on the drop down list ( that says declarations ) and select Open .
Private Sub Workbook_Open ( )
Msgbox " Hello "
End Sub
Active Cell [ 5/1/2002 ] ( back to top )
An active cell is the current cell that is selected .
This term is used in many macros .
This can be used as a marker .
A good example is when you need to move from your current cell .
Refer to Moving your cursor macro .
Adding Items to a combobox [ 15/3/2002 ] ( back to top )
To add a combobox refer to User Form .
To populate a combobox or a listbox is the same .
You could add from the code or even from a range of cells in your spreadsheet .
To add from the code , just add this line to your code .
ComboBox1.AddItem " Product A "
ComboBox1.AddItem " Product B "
Counting Rows & Columns & Sheets [ 27/10/2001 ] ( back to top )
When you have selected a range , it is sometimes useful to know how many rows or columns you have selected as this information can be used in your macros ( for eg when you have reached the end , you will know it is time to stop the macros .
This macro will do the trick .
Sub Count ( )
myCount = Selection .
Rows .
Count ' Change Rows to Columns to count columns
MsgBox myCount
End Sub
The next macro counts the number of sheets instead .
Refer to Protecting all sheets macro which uses this method .
Sub Count2 ( )
myCount = Application .
Sheets .
Count
MsgBox myCount
End Sub
[ 10/11/2002 ]
Sub TwoLines ( )
MsgBox " Line 1 " & vbCrLf & " Line 2 "
End Sub
Close All Files [ 23/3/2009 ] ( back to top )
Sometimes you may want to close all files without saving .
Doing it manually is a hassle with the question " Do you wanna save ? "
Sub CloseAll ( )
Application .DisplayAlerts = False
myTotal = Workbooks .
Count
For i = 1 To myTotal
ActiveWorkbook .
Close
Next i
End Sub
Copying A Range [ 5/1/2002 ] ( back to top )
Copy data from a specific range can be done with this macro .
Here data is copied from the current sheet to the activecell .
( Refer to Active Cell )
Sub CopyRange ( )
Range ( " A1:A3 " ) .
Copy Destination : =ActiveCell
End Sub
To copy from a range in another sheet ( eg Sheet3 ) to the active cell you need to change the code to ;
Sheets ( " sheet3 " ) .
Range ( " A1:A3 " ) .
Copy Destination : =ActiveCell
Counter [ 17/2/2002 ] ( back to top )
To use a counter in your macro , just assign any cell to retain the value .
In this example the cell A1 is chosen .
Each time the macro is run , it adds the value 1 to the cell A1 .
Sub Count ( )
mycount = Range ( " a1 " ) + 1
Range ( " a1 " ) = mycount
End Sub
Current Date [ 24/12/2001 ] ( back to top )
It 's a good idea to insert the current date when you save the file so that you can tell if it 's the latest version .
Of course this is shown under file properties but how many people know where to find it ?
You could also put the current date in the footer of your print out .
It is ideal if the date does not change unless the file is saved .
You can use this code .
( On the drop down list that says declaration , select before save and you will see the 1st line of code shown below - more details refer to Auto Run macro )
Private Sub Workbook_BeforeSave( ByVal SaveAsUI As Boolean , Cancel As Boolean )
Range ( " A1 " ) = Now ' Select any cell you want
End Sub
Current Cell Content [ 24/12/2001 ] ( back to top )
Sometimes we need to know what the cell contains ie dates , text or formulas before taking a course of action .
In this example a message box is displayed .
Replace this with a macro should you require another course of action .
Sub ContentChk ( )
If Application . IsText ( ActiveCell ) = True Then
MsgBox " Text " 'replace this line with your macro
Else
If ActiveCell = " " Then
MsgBox " Blank cell " ' replace this line with your macro
Else
End If
If ActiveCell.HasFormula
Then
MsgBox " formula " ' replace this line with your macro
Else
End If
If IsDate( ActiveCell.Value ) = True Then
MsgBox " date " ' replace this line with your macro
Else
End If
End If
End Sub
Current Cell Address [ 30/6/2010 ] ( back to top )
To get the current cell address ( or current range ) to perhaps incorporate into your formula , you could use the following code .
Sub MyAddress ( )
MsgBox ActiveCell .
Address ' absolute cell reference with the pesky $ signs
MsgBox ActiveCell .
Address ( RowAbsolute : =False , columnAbsolute : =False ) ' without the $ signs , you may choose to omit either one Row / Column absolute
End Sub
Current Cell Position [ 10/3/2002 ] ( back to top )
Sometimes we need to know the current cell position .
This would do the trick .
Sub MyPosition ( )
myRow = ActiveCell .Row
myCol = ActiveCell .
Column
Msgbox myRow & " , " & myCol
End Sub
Deleting Empty Rows [ 27/10/2001 ] ( back to top )
To delete empty rows in a selected range we can use the following macro .
The macro here uses the For Next Loop .
First the macro counts the rows in a selected range to determine the when the macro should stop .
The For Next statement acts as a counter .
Sub DelEmptyRow ( )
Rng = Selection .
Rows .
Count
ActiveCell .Offset(0 , 0 ) . Select
Application .
ScreenUpdating = False
For i = 1 To Rng
If ActiveCell .
Value = " " Then ' You can replace " " with 0 to delete rows with ' the value zero
Selection.EntireRow .
Delete
Else
ActiveCell .
Offset ( 1 , 0 ) . Select
End If
Next i
Application .
ScreenUpdating = True
End Sub
The statement " Application .
ScreenUpdating = False " prevents the screen from updating to ensure the macro runs faster and the screen will not flicker .
Do n't forget to set it back to " True " .
Deleting Range Names [ 15/03/2002 ] ( back to top )
To delete all the range names in your workbook , this macro will do the trick .
Sub DeleteNames ( )
Dim NameX As Name
For Each NameX In Names
ActiveWorkbook.Names ( NameX.Name ) .
Delete
Next NameX
End Sub
Duplicates ( Highlight duplicates in Bold Red ) [ 27/10/01 ] ( back to top )
There are times you need to highlight duplicate data in your worksheet .
This macro does the trick .
Sub DupsRed ( )
Application .
ScreenUpdating = False
Rng = Selection .
Rows .
Count
For i = Rng To 1 Step -1
myCheck = ActiveCell
ActiveCell .
Offset ( 1 , 0 ) . Select
For j = 1
To i
If ActiveCell = myCheck
Then
Selection .
Font .
Bold = True
Selection .Font.ColorIndex = 3
End If
ActiveCell .
Offset ( 1 , 0 ) . Select
Next j
ActiveCell .
Offset ( -i , 0 ) . Select
Next i
Application .
ScreenUpdating = True
End Sub
Emailing Workbook [ 2/12/2001 ] ( back to top )
To email your current workbook the following code .
Sub Email ( )
ActiveWorkbook .
SendMail recipients :=" julsn@yahoo.com "
End Sub
EDIT macros [ 30/6/2003 ] ( back to top )
Refer to Text Manipulation .
Errors in macros [ 1/2/2002 ] ( back to top )
Ever had a macro running perfectly one day and the next day errors keep on popping up even though you never made changes to that macro ?
This is no fault of yours .
Due to the excel VBA design , macro files get badly fragmented due to heavy editing of macros , insertion of modules & userforms .
What you need to do is copy your macros else where , delete the macros , save the file without macros .
Open the file again and import the macros and save it once more with the macros .
You macros will run properly until it gets fragmented again at a later stage .
Error Trapping [ 4/1/2002 ] ( back to top )
Trapping errors are important as users can do marvelous things to mess up you macros .
Here you can use either of these 2 statements .
- On Error Resume Next OR
- On Error Goto ErrorTrap1
... more lines of code
ErrorTrap1 :
... more code ( what to do if there is an error )
The first statement will allow the macro to continue the next line of code upon hitting an error but the second statement will run an alternative code should there be an error .
Excel Functions [ 8/2/2002 ] ( back to top )
Using Excel functions in VBA is almost the same as using them in a spreadsheet .
For example to round an amount to 2 decimal places in a spreadsheet would be ;
=round ( 1.2345,2 )
In VBA you would need to use the term Application followed by the function ie ;
ActiveCell = Application.round( ActiveCell , 2 )
For more examples see Rounding Numbers
Expiry Dates for Workbook / Macro [ 4/1/2002 ] ( back to top )
See Security in Excel .
For , Next Loop [ 5/1/2002 ] ( back to top )
See Deleting Empty Rows or Protect All Sheets .
A point to note is , try not to use the For , Next loop because this method is very slow unless of course you do n't know how to write your macro another way .
Flickering Screen [ 27/10/2001 ] ( back to top )
Sometimes when you run a macro , the screen flickers a lot due to the screen updating itself .
This slows the macro done especially when the macro has a lot of work to do .
You need to include the statement as shown below .
Also see Deleting Empty Rows
Application .
ScreenUpdating = False
You need to set the screen updating back to true at the end of the macro .
Functions [ 31/1/2002 ] ( back to top )
Creating function is useful as complicated formulas can be made easier in code than in a spread sheet .
Formulas can be protected so that users cannot see or modify them .
The example I use will calculate tax using the Select Case Statement .
Here 's the scenario .
First $ 2500 is tax free .
Next $ 2500 is taxable at 5 % .
Anything above $ 5000 is taxable at 10 % .
In cell A1 type Income and in cell B1 type in your income in numbers say $ 20000 .
In cell A2 type Tax payable and in cell B2 type =tax ( B1 ) .
Put the following code in a module .
The tax payable here would be $ 1625 .
Public Function tax ( income As Single )
Select Case income
Case Is <= 2500
tax = 0
Case Is <= 5000
tax = ( income - 2500 ) * 0.05
Case Else
tax = ( income - 5000 ) * 0.1 + 125
End Select
End Function
Goto ( a range ) [ 27/10/2001 ] ( back to top )
To specify a macro to go to a specific range you can use the Goto method .
Here I have already named a range in my worksheet called " Sales " .
You may also use an alternative method ie the Range select method .
Naming a range in excel is recommended rather than specifying an absolute cell reference .
Sub GoHere ( )
Application .
Goto Reference : =" Sales " OR Range ( " Sales " ) .
Select
End Sub
Going to the 1st Sheet [ 27/10/2001 ] ( back to top )
You can select the first sheet of the workbook without knowing the name of the sheet by referring to it by the index .
Sub FirstSheet ( )
Sheets ( 1 ) .
Select
End Sub
GoTo Sheet [ 18/03/2005 ] ( back to top )
Sometimes we have many sheets or sheets with long names & we cannot view them all .
You can select which sheet to go to by using this macro .
Sub Go2sheet ( )
myShts = ActiveWorkbook .
Sheets .
Count
For i = 1 To my Shts
myList = myList & i & " - " & ActiveWorkbook .
Sheets ( i ) .
Name & " " & vbCr
Next i
Dim mySht As Single
my Sht = InputBox ( " Select sheet to go to . " & vbCr & vbCr & myList )
Sheets ( mySht ) .
Select
End Sub
Hiding Sheets [ 27/10/2001 ] ( back to top )
To hide your worksheet from users you can use the following code .
Sub HideSheet ( )
Sheet1. Visible = xlSheetVeryHidden
End Sub
If you hide your sheets this way , users will not be able to unhide them using the menus .
Only using VB codes will be able to display the sheets again .
Hiding Excel [ 3/9/2002 ] ( back to top )
You can hide the Excel application with this macro .
This disables the user from using the excel menus .
Do n't forget to set it back to visible .
Sub HideExcel ( )
Application .
Visible = False
End Sub
Input Box [ 27/10/2001 ] ( back to top )
When you need to get input from users , you can use input boxes .
This macro will ask for the user 's name and will display a message " Hello " plus the user 's name .
Sub GetInput ( )
Dim MyInput
' This line of code is optional
MyInput = InputBox ( " Enter your name " )
MsgBox ( " Hello " ) & MyInput
End Sub
Inserting Rows [ 4/1/2002 ] ( back to top )
To insert rows required by a user is easy .
Here the input box is used so that a user can define the number of rows required .
Sub InsertRow ( )
Dim Rng
Rng = InputBox ( " Enter number of rows required . " )
Range( ActiveCell .
Offset(0 , 0 ) , ActiveCell .Offset ( Rng - 1 , 0 ) ) .
Select
Selection.EntireRow .
Insert
End Sub
Here the macro uses the range technique where a range is first selected and then subsequently rows are inserted .
IF , Then Statement [ 27/10/2001 ] ( back to top )
See Protect All Sheets
Joining Text Together [ 10/3/2003 ] ( back to top )
There are times where we import text file into Excel an we get text that are separated .
I received an email asking how put these text together .
Select across your cells first and run this macro .
Sub JoinText ( )
myCol = Selection .
Columns .
Count
For i = 1 To myCol
ActiveCell = ActiveCell .
Offset(0 , 0 ) & ActiveCell .
Offset (0 , i )
ActiveCell .Offset(0 , i ) = " "
Next i
End Sub
Killing Files [ 1/12/2001 ] ( back to top )
Killing or deleting files is easy .
However the files must not be in used .
Sub Killfile ( )
Dim MyFile As String ' This line of code is optional
On Error Resume Next ' On hitting errors , code resumes next code
MyFile = " c:\folder\filename.xls "
kill MyFile
End Sub
Wildcards can be use .
Replace the file name with * ( use with caution ! ) .
Killing The Current File [ 8/2/2002 ] ( back to top )
Killing the current file you need to change it 's status to read only .
Sub Killed ( )
Application .DisplayAlerts=False
ThisWorkbook.ChangeFileAccess xlReadOnly
Kill ThisWorkbook .
FullName
ThisWorkbook .
Close False
End Sub
Lower Case [ 27/10/2001 ] ( back to top )
To change text in a selected range to lower case use this code .
Sub LowerCase ( )
Dim cell As Range
For Each cell In Selection .
Cells
If cell .
HasFormula = False
Then
cell = LCase ( cell )
End If
Next
End Sub
Last Available Row [ 23/3/2009 ] ( back to top )
Many users need to know the next available row to input data .
This code locates the next available row in column A
Sub LastRow ( )
Range ( " a65536 " ) .
End( xlUp ) .
Offset ( 1 , 0 ) . Select
End Sub
Message Box [ 17/2/2002 ] ( back to top )
When you need to communicate with users , you can use message boxes .
This macro will display a message " This macro is created by Julian " .
The Message Box appearance can be customised to show whether it is Information , Critical Messages .
Here the icon in the message box would be different .
The buttons can also be customise to show extra Yes , No , Ok buttons .
( Refer to vbYesNo macro ) .
This macro will show you 3 different styles .
Sub MyMessage ( )
MsgBox " This macro is created by Julian "
MsgBox " The icon is different " , vbInformation
MsgBox " The top title is different " , vbExclamation , " Julian 's Tips "
End Sub
Modeless Forms [ 10/11/2002 ] ( back to top )
Sometimes you want to allow users to be able to switch between your form and your spreadsheet by clicking on either one .
All you need to do is set the form property of Show Modal to False or you can try this .
However this is only for Excel 2000 & above .
Sub myForm ( )
UserForm.show vbModeless
End Sub
Moving your cursor [ 27/10/2001 ] ( back to top )
Sometimes you need to move your cursor around your worksheet to re-position it before running the next step of a macro .
The movement here uses the row , column position method .
Also see ( Visible Rows )
Sub Down ( )
ActiveCell .
Offset ( 1 , 0 ) . Select
End Sub
Sub up ( )
ActiveCell .Offset( - 1 , 0 ) . Select
End Sub
Sub Right ( )
ActiveCell .
Offset(0 , 1 ) . Select
End Sub
Sub Left ( )
ActiveCell .
Offset(0 , - 1 ) .
Select
End Sub
Protecting / Unprotecting a sheet [ 27/10/2001 ] ( back to top )
The macros below will protect / unprotect the current worksheet with a password .
Sub ProtectSheet ( )
Dim Password
' This line of code is optional
Password = " 1234 "
ActiveSheet .
Protect Password , True , True , True
End Sub
Sub UnProtectSheet ( )
Password = " 1234 "
ActiveSheet .
Unprotect Password
End Sub
Protecting all sheets [ 27/10/2001 ] ( back to top )
To protect all the sheets this macro uses all the methods contained in this page ( see counting sheets ) .
The If , Then statement is also used here .
This tests for a condition and if the condition is TRUE , then the macro continuous the next line of code .
In this case it will END the macro .
If the condition is NOT TRUE , then it will go to the following line which in this case is to select the next sheet .
You will also notice the For , Next statement is also used .
This acts as a counter to tell the macro how many loops to run .
In this case if there are 3 sheets , the macro will run 3 times protecting all the 3 sheets .
Sub protectAll ( )
Dim myCount ' This line of code is optional
Dim i
' This line of code is optional
myCount = Application .
Sheets .
Count
Sheets ( 1 ) .
Select ' This line of code selects the 1st sheet
For i = 1 To myCount
ActiveSheet .
Protect
If i = myCount Then
End
End If
ActiveSheet .
Next .
Select
Next i
End Sub
Protecting your VB code [ 10/3/2002 ] ( back to top )
To protect your VB code from being seen by others , all you need to do is go to the project explorer , point at your project and right click on it .
Select VBA project properties , click on the protection tab and check the Lock project for viewing and key your password .
That 's it .
Random numbers [ 27/10/2001 ] ( back to top )
For macros to generate random numbers , the code is takes this format - Int ( ( upperbound - lowerbound +1 ) * Rnd + lowerbound ) .
Where the Upperbound is the largest number random number to be generated and Lowerbound is the lowest .
Sub RandomNo ( )
Randomize
MyNumber = Int (( 49 - 1 + 1 ) * Rnd + 1 )
MsgBox ( " The random number is " ) & ( MyNumber )
End Sub
In this case the random numbers that will be generate is between 1 and 49 .
Range Names [ 3/9/2002 ] ( back to top )
Assigning range names to a range of cells .
Sub RngName ( )
Selection .
Name = " myRange "
End Sub
Resizing a Range [ 3/9/2002 ] ( back to top )
Resizing a range is simple .
You can apply this to inserting rows & columns or to expand a selected range .
This macro resizes the range to 7 rows by 7 columns .
Sub ResizeRng ( )
Selection .Resize ( 7,7 ) .
Select
End Sub
Rounding Numbers [ 8/2/2002 ] ( back to top )
Here I will show how to perform different types of rounding .
Key in 12345 in any active cell and run the following code .
Sub Round ( )
ActiveCell = Application.round( ActiveCell , - 3 )
End Sub
This code round to the nearest 1000 thus giving the value 12000 .
ActiveCell = Application .Ceiling ( ActiveCell , 1000 )
Replace with this line of code and it will round up to the next 1000 ie 13000
ActiveCell = Application .
Floor ( ActiveCell , 1000 )
Replace with this line of code and it will round down to the next 1000 ie 12000
Running A Sub Routine [ 5/1/2002 ] ( back to top )
To run another macro from within a macro you need to use the Call statement .
Sub Macro1 ( )
Msgbox ( " This is Macro1 " )
Call Macro2
' This calls for Macro2 to run
End Sub
Saving a file [ 23/3/2009 ] ( back to top )
There are times you may want a macro to save a file automatically after running a macro .
The second macro will save the file with a name called " MyFile " .
You may specify the path if you need to .
The last macro saves all opened workbooks .
Sub Save ( )
ActiveWorkbook .
Save
End Sub
Sub SaveName ( )
ActiveWorkbook .
SaveAs Filename : =" C:\MyFile.xls "
End Sub
Sub SaveAll ( )
myFile = ActiveWorkbook .
Name
ActiveWorkbook .
Save
ActiveWindow.ActivateNext
Do While myFile <> ActiveWorkbook .
Name
ActiveWorkbook .
Save
ActiveWindow.ActivateNext
Loop
End Sub
Security in Excel [ 4/2/2002 ] ( back to top )
Level 1 - To protect your excel files , there are a few steps required to make it more difficult for other users to by pass security .
To prevent changes made to the worksheet , you need to protect your worksheet .
See protecting sheets .
To prevent sheets from being renamed , moved or deleted , protect the workbook .
However protection of worksheets and workbook can easily be hacked using macros as shown by an Excel developer .
I believe the next level of protection is protecting your macros .
To protect your macros , point at your project in the explorer window , right click on it and select VBA project properties , click on the Protection tab , check on Lock Project for Viewing and next key in your password and you 're done .
Now the project cannot be viewed or amended .
Level 2 - The next step is to force the user to enable your macro when opening your file .
The best way is to use a macro to hide the important sheets ( see Hiding sheets ) when saving your file .
Upon opening the file , a macro will be used to unhide these sheets .
If the user disables the macros when opening the worksheet , they will not be able to view your worksheet unless they allow the macro to run .
Level 3 - The final step is to put an expiry date for your worksheet or your macro .
However this has a draw back as the user may change the system date of the computer to by pass the step .
Alternatively you can use a counter ( Refer Counter Macro ) to allow a fixed number of access to your worksheet or macro .
Here you need to save the counter value each time the file or macro is used .
Upon reaching the defined limit , disable the macro or disable the access of your worksheet .
The steps mentioned above are not 100 % fool proof .
But it will keep normal users out but not hackers and crackers .
Here I will not supply the code as this can be lengthy and may be difficult to understand but I believe these steps may be useful to some of you out there .
Select Case Statement [ 31/1/2002 ] ( back to top )
This is a useful statement to use when you have many conditions .
Too many IFs in your code will only make you more confuse .
See Functions macro .
Sentence Case [ 6/6/2005 ] ( back to top )
To change text in a selected range to sentence case use this code .
This code was supplied by Simon Huggins .
He did a fine job of making the code work for both earlier & current versions of Excel .
Thanks for the contribution .
<> Sub SentenceCase ( )
For Each cell In Selection .
Cells
s = cell .
Value
Start = True
For i = 1 To Len(s )
ch = Mid(s , i , 1 )
Select Case ch
Case " . "
Start = True
Case " ? "
Start = True
Case " a " To " z "
If Start Then ch = UCase ( ch ) : Start = False
Case " A " To " Z "
If Start Then Start = False Else ch = LCase ( ch )
End Select
Mid(s , i , 1 ) = ch
Next
cell .
Value = s
Next
End Sub
[ 3/3/2006 ]
Sub SelAllData ( )
Application .
ScreenUpdating = False
Dim myLastRow As Long
Dim myLastColumn
As Long
Range ( " A1 " ) .
Select
On Error Resume Next
myLastRow = Cells. Find ( " * " , [ A1 ] , , , xlByRows , xlPrevious ) .
Row
myLastColumn = Cells. Find ( " * " , [ A1 ] , , , xlByColumns , xlPrevious ) .
Column
myLastCell = Cells( myLastRow , myLastColumn ) .
Address
myRange = " a1 : " & myLastCell
Application .
ScreenUpdating = True
Range ( myRange ) .
Select
End Sub
Text Manipulation [ 30/6/2003 ] ( back to top )
I received many queries regarding text manipulation .
Here are some useful text functions which you could use to EDIT your text .
Sub my Edit ( )
MsgBox Left ( " abcd " , 2 ) ' Displays 2 characters from Left
MsgBox Right ( " abcd " , 2 ) ' Displays 2 characters from Right
MsgBox Len ( " abcd " )
' Displays number of characters
End Sub
Text Box Calculations
( In user forms ) [ 24/12/2006 ] ( back to top )
To perform calculations using text boxes in user forms , you will need to validate the data first , otherwise you will be in for surprises .
Assuming you want to add two values in 2 separate textbox and assign the answer to another .
Textbox1 = Val( textbox2 ) +Val( textbox3 )
Timer [ 1/2/2002 ] ( back to top )
To create a macro to measure time before executing the next line of code use this simple code .
Sub timer ( )
Application .
Wait Now + TimeValue ( " 00:00:10 " )
MsgBox ( " 10 sec has elasped " )
End Sub
Title Case [ 27/10/2001 ] ( back to top )
To change text in a selected range to title case use this code .
Sub TitleCase ( )
Dim cell As Range
For Each cell In Selection .
Cells
If cell .
HasFormula = False
Then
cell = Application .Proper( cell )
End If
Next
End Sub
Top of the screen [ 10/11/2002 ] ( back to top )
To make the activecell be at the top of the screen & to the left on the screen try this .
Sub TopLeft ( )
ActiveCell .
Select
With ActiveWindow
. ScrollColumn = ActiveCell .
Column
. ScrollRow = ActiveCell.Row
End With
End Sub
Upper Case [ 27/10/2001 ] ( back to top )
To change text in a selected range to upper case use this code .
Sub UpperCase ( )
Dim cell As Range
For Each cell In Selection .
Cells
If cell .
HasFormula = False
Then
cell = UCase ( cell )
End If
Next
End Sub
User Forms [ 8/3/2005 ] ( back to top )
Adding user forms in your macro is simple .
With user forms you can create GUIs ( Graphical User Interface ) for user who do not have much excel knowledge and make you excel programs more professional looking .
Go to your Visual Basic Editor window & click on Insert , select user form and a user for will appear along with the toolbox .
Now you can add labels , buttons , text boxes and many more items .
The property window will allow you to customise your user form .
To display your user form use these codes .
<> UserForm1.show ' to load form
Unload Me ' to close the form with a macro
Loading User forms with MultiPage
[ 8/3/2005 ]
Sub page2 ( )
UserForm1.MultiPage1.Value = 1 ' this sets page 2
UserForm1 .
Show ' this displays the user form after page 2 has been set
End Sub
To select a page in a Multipage object is fairly simple .
Just remember the page 1 has a value of 0 , page 2 a value of 1 and so forth .
To load a form with a specific page in mind , try using these codes .
[ 17/2/2002 ]
YesNo = MsgBox ( " This macro will ... Do you want to continue ? " , vbYesNo + vbCritical , " Caution " )
Select Case YesNo
Case vbYes
' Insert your code here if Yes is clicked
Case vbNo
' Insert your code here if No is clicked
End Select
Visible Rows ( selecting ) [ 24/12/2006 ] ( back to top )
The normal way of selecting the next row cannot be used where there are hidden rows or filtered data .
To select the next visible row in a filtered list we test each row until we find the next visible row .
Sub NextVisibleRow ( )
ActiveCell .
Offset ( 1 , 0 ) . Select
Do While ActiveCell.EntireRow .
Hidden = True
ActiveCell .
Offset ( 1 , 0 ) . Select
Loop
End Sub
Take note that there are many ways of writing a macro which produces the same effect .
Macro programming takes a lot of imagination and creativity .
There is no one correct method .
The macros on this site may not be very efficient but I have used a simple approach and this is a good start to learn macro programming for those who are new in this area .
I have also simplified the macros so that it would be easier for you to understand .
I do get lots of email from all over the world saying that this is a great site for beginners .
Truly this is encouraging & I THANK YOU ALL for your support .
Please note that I may not answer all your emails as I get more emails than I can cope with & I 'm pretty busy with work too .
I will try to answer some of them if I can but it may take some time .
Also note that I do not provide the full source codes but I will try to point you in the right direction .
Once again a big Thank You for visiting my site .
Julian's Excel Tips
Julian's Excel Solutions
Link to other Excel Developers
GOOGLE Group on Excel Programming
Microsoft Office Training
In today 's highly competitive job market , success will determined by your ability in fully utilising the power of computers .
Build that competitive edge over the others .
Corporate / personal training available in Petaling Jaya , Kuala Lumpur and surrounding areas .
I have been conducting computer training for over 10 years .
With almost 20 years of using spreadsheets in the field of finance I can assure you that quality training with real life examples is what you will get .
For more details email julian .
excel @ gmail.com
Do n't get left behind in the IT world .
On site training available for organisations .
Courses available in Microsoft Excel are : Excel - Basic ( 1 day ) / Intermediate ( 1 day ) Managing A Database in Excel ( 1 day ) Excel - Advance ( 2 days ) Excel Functions & Formulas ( 2 days ) Excel Pivot Tables ( 1 day ) Excel Macro Programming - Basic ( 2 days ) Excel - Charts ( 1 day ) Excel Macro Programming - Intermediate ( 2 days ) Excel - Financial Analysis & Modeling ( 2 days )
Not listed above ?
Just tell me what you need
<< A Passion To Excel In All Things >>
She Did It !
Simona Halep ’s Breasts Are Gone !
Total Pro Sports –
Well the fantasy is officially over .
The tennis world has lost two of its brightest upcoming stars .
The left and right breasts of Simona Halep .
After the big breasted 17 - year - old Romanian tennis player was discovered earlier this year within the sports blogging world , she would soon state her plans to reduce her 34DD breasts .
Even after pleas from many fans and another big - breasted athlete , Alena Schurkova , Halep set her date to take her chest size down a couple of notches in hopes of improving her already solid tennis game .
Now Simona is left to hope that her decision goes as planned .
She was already headed towards stardom dur to her breasts .
Now that she has abandoned that route , she will have only her game to rely on now .
Pics have been revealed of the young star following her surgery , or at least the pics have been claimed as such .
It was originally stated that she would undergo the procedure in the fall and there is still no official word that she has actually had the surgery .
These pics may just be from her pre-big - breast - growth days , but for now we will assume that the dream is dead .
More Simona Halep Photos
Google Voice , the innovative invite - only telephone communication control service , is readying a iPhone version of its mobile phone app , which just became available on Tuesday for Android OS - based phones and Blackberries .
But will Apple and AT&T let Google sell such an app without hobbling it ?
For instance , Google Voice offers free SMS services that appear to come from one 's Google number rather than one 's mobile phone number .
That means users could text all they like , without paying AT&T $ 20 a month .
That money is virtually all profit for the telecom giant , since the messages use almost no bandwidth and even travel on a special channel separate from voice or data .
So the motive is clear .
The answer to whether they will is unclear , but history suggests it 's a strong possibility .
AT&T and Apple together have blocked video applications that compete with approved ones and forced the low cost phone calling company
Skype to disable its most powerful feature — free phone calls using a phone 's data connection — if it wanted to be included in the iPhone marketplace controlled by Apple .
AT&T has said that it expects Apple to block products that compete with its services .
It puts the kibosh on some other apps that might be hard on a network — Slingbox 's video application for one , though it is fine with other streaming media apps , like Major League Baseball 's , for one .
Such practices are part of the reason that Congress , public interest groups and the FCC have all been looking skeptically at U.S. mobile carriers , wondering if they need to be regulated more closely .
A Google spokesperson declined to answer specific questions about a potential app , but did say that it was " working with Apple to bring similar functionality [ as the Android / Blackberry apps ] to iPhone users . "
Still in an invite - only beta , Google Voice lets users combine work , home and mobile phones all under a single Google number .
Voicemail can be sent to all of the phones , all calling histories are combined , voicemails are turned into voice files and also machine - transcribed , and users can set custom call handling rules for every person in their address book .
Users can also make free conference calls , record calls and even switch phones during a call .
Apple , per usual , ignored a request for comment .
AT&T declined to comment on whether it considered the app as competition or if it was even talking to Apple about it .
In the meantime , Google says the Google Voice mobile website is optimized for the iPhone , and that it " will continue to improve the user experience for the iPhone users . "
There 's also already an unofficial Google Voice app for the iPhone called GV Mobile .
Photo : Flickr / Cloneofsnake
See Also :
Photo : Flickr/ CloneofSnake
The Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board has had a brief , if not unwelcome , existence in the White House .
Created by Congress in 2004 at the behest of the 9/11 Commission , the board was supposed to oversee the federal government ’s actions on civil liberties and privacy .
President George W. Bush never seemed to take it seriously , waiting six months to nominate anyone to the board , which did n’t even hold its first meeting until 2006 .
The following year a Democratic appointee , Lanny Davis , resigned because he said the remaining members saw the board as part of the White House operation , instead of being an independent oversight body .
With the arrival of President Barack Obama and his call for more openness in government , board proponents hoped it would get a fresh start .
In May the Obama administration promised to reconstitute the board and “ accelerate the selection process ” for its members .
But by late June no appointees had been announced — and then the board disappeared entirely from the White House website , according to ProPublica
Administration officials have refused to offer any public explanations for this move .
Thomas Kean , chairman of the 9/11 Commission , told ProPublica that the Obama administration ’s failure so far to take any positive action with the board was “ extremely disappointing . ”
- Noel Brinkerhoff
City dwellers can take connectivity for granted
Bill Thompson feels the pain of the digitally dispossessed .
I have just endured a week of limited connectivity and it has given me a salutary lesson in what life is like for the digitally dispossessed here in the UK and around the world .
I have been driven to searching for open wireless access points so that I can download my e-mail , sometimes wandering the beach looking for elusive 3G signals just to get my Facebook status updated .
It was my own fault , of course .
I spent a few days on the Norfolk coast with my son and some of his friends in a wifi-less cottage in an area that had poor 3G coverage , though I was probably less frustrated with lack of connectivity than he was , as he wanted to keep in touch with his mates back home while I was mostly on holiday .
Then I spent the weekend at the lovely Latitude Festival in deepest Suffolk , there to represent Writers ' Centre Norwich as we had supported some of the poets in the Poetry Tent .
No wireless there , at least none that I could get connected to - there did seem to be a private network for the tech crew to use - and the phone networks were clearly swamped as text messages were taking two or three hours to be delivered while my 3G dongle repeatedly failed to connect .
Photos of the beach sat on my hard drive because I did n't have the bandwidth to upload them to Flickr , while my ambitious plans to deluge the world with AudioBoos from Latitude came to naught after the first one took twenty minutes to upload over the slowest phone connection I have experienced for at least five years .
In between the Norfolk beach and the muddy fields of Latitude I had my third experience of life offline when I came into London to chair a conference organised by Arts Council England for arts organisations that want to explore the potential of new technologies to reach audiences or just work more effectively .
Network crash
The real benefits of the online revolution will only come when net access is seamless , pervasive and guaranteed .
Bill Thompson
The conference took place in the Lilian Baylis Theatre at Sadler 's Wells , a wonderful space that works really well for conferences because the acoustics and lighting are designed for performance .
Most conference centres are so soulless and dispiriting it takes all your energy to stand up at the lectern , so it was a pleasant contrast to be in an inspiring space .
We had wifi access inside the theatre as the conference included tutorials on social networks and online engagement , and the audience were encouraged to contribute questions online so they could be displayed on the screen behind the speakers .
Unfortunately the wifi stopped working about half - way through the first session of the day , and those of us with smartphones and laptop dongles were forced to resort to slower 3G connections .
It appeared that we had overwhelmed the capacity of the wireless network that the venue had set up for us .
I talked to the IT support engineer and he asked me how many of us were trying to connect , and I told him I estimated that thirty to forty people were using laptops and probably the same number had wifi-enabled smartphones .
Wider lesson
After he had recovered from the shock he explained that the wifi router they had installed could only support twenty simultaneous connections and had crashed when we all tried to log on .
He was very efficient once he realised the problem and sorted out a second network and higher - capacity kit by lunchtime , but it was interesting that twenty network connections were originally seen as adequate to support one hundred and fifty people at a conference about technology .
I go to many technology events now where the ratio of online devices to people is greater than one , as many of us have a laptop and a phone or two , and conference organisers are going to have to adapt pretty fast to this new reality or they will quickly lose custom .
But I think there 's a wider lesson here .
Finding myself intermittently online this week was a mild inconvenience for me , and I managed to get connected when I needed to so that urgent business could be dealt with .
However slow , unreliable connections are a fact of life for millions of people in the UK , and most of the world 's internet - using population , and experiencing it again myself made me realise that the real benefits of the online revolution will only come when net access is seamless , pervasive and guaranteed .
Slow down
The Digital Britain report pledged to improve coverage
The rhythm of my life now depends on easy and fast online access in the way that the driving beat of drummer Suren de Saram supports the frenetic guitar sound of Bombay Bicycle Club - one of the best acts at Latitude , by the way .
I have grown accustomed to being able to respond quickly and easily to people , to having much of the world 's information at my fingertips , to being able to share my thoughts and observations with my online friends and those who have chosen to listen as I think out loud .
Without it I slow down .
Things get lost or forgotten , ideas go nowhere and trains of thought are shuffled into the sidings and are neglected .
An unreliable network is worse than no network at all , and forces me to limit my imagination to those things that do n't rely on being online all the time .
Although the recent Digital Britain report was criticised for proposing that we should aim to offer universal access to a relatively slow 2 M bps ( megabits per second ) network connection by 2012 , on reflection I think that a reliable and pervasive two megabits might be enough to kick - start the next stage of the network revolution , because it will allow everyone to begin to embed online access into their lives .
Once we do that , then the demand for faster access will grow , but it will also be possible for commercial operators to see the benefits on offering next generation access , creating a virtuous circle that will benefit us all .
Being offline has been a learning experience , but it 's nice to be home to my twenty megabits .
I just hope that there 's some connectivity at the Port Eliot festival , where I 'll be next weekend !
Bill Thompson is an independent journalist and regular commentator on the BBC World Service programme Digital Planet .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Saddam Hussein believed Iran was a significant threat to Iraq and left open the possibility that he had weapons of mass destruction rather than appear vulnerable , according to declassified FBI documents on interrogations of the former Iraqi leader .
A member of the Palestinian security forces walks past a mural depicting the late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat ( R ) and the late Iraqi president Saddam Hussein in the West Bank city of Jenin January 22 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Mohamad Torokman
“ Hussein believed that Iraq could not appear weak to its enemies , especially Iran , ” FBI special agent George Piro wrote on notes of a conversation with Saddam in June 2004 about weapons of mass destruction .
He believed Iraq was being threatened by others in the region and must appear able to defend itself , the report said .
The FBI reports , released on Wednesday , said Saddam asserted that he was more concerned about Iran discovering Iraq ’s weaknesses and vulnerabilities than the repercussions of the United States for blocking the return of UN weapons inspectors who were searching for WMD .
“ In his opinion , the UN inspectors would have directly identified to the Iranians where to inflict maximum damage to Iraq , ” according to the documents obtained and released by the National Security Archive , a nongovernmental research institute .
Saddam began a bloody border war with Iran in 1980 that lasted until 1988 , during which Iraq used chemical weapons .
Former U.S. President George W. Bush launched the Iraq war in 2003 , citing a threat of weapons of mass destruction from Saddam ’s government , but no such weapons were ever found .
FBI special agents carried out 20 formal interviews and at least five “ casual conversations ” with the former Iraqi leader
after his capture by U.S. troops in December 2003 , according to the documents .
Saddam , identified as “ High Value Detainee # 1 , ” shared Bush ’s hostility toward the “ fanatic ” Iranian mullahs , according to the FBI records of conversations from February through June 2004 between Saddam and Arabic - speaking agents in his detention cell at Baghdad International Airport .
Saddam also denied any connections to al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden , who he called a “ zealot , ” and cited North Korea as his most likely ally in a crunch , according to the documents .
He also takes personal responsibility for ordering the launching of SCUD missiles against Israeli targets during the 1991 Persian Gulf War , because he blamed Israel and its influence in the United States for “ all the problems of the Arabs , ” the reports said .
During the interviews , Saddam rejects some examples of what he viewed as myths , like his purported use of body doubles .
According to the notes , Saddam said he could recall using the telephone only twice since March 1990 and that he communicated primarily through couriers .
Saddam was executed in December 2006 after being convicted of crimes against humanity by an Iraqi court for the killing of 148 Shi’ite men and boys following a 1982 assassination attempt .
The greatest number of Hungarians living outside the present - day borders of Hungary are to be found in Transylvania [ 1 ] west of the Carpathians in Rumania , where many ethnic groups of Central and Southeastern Europe ( Hungarians , Rumanians , Gypsies , Germans , Ukrainians , Slovaks , Serbs , Czechs , Bulgarians etc. ) also live in significant numbers .
At the time of the latest Rumanian census in 1992 , the registred number of the Hungarians in Rumania was 1,624,959 /ethnicity / or 1,639,135 / mother tongue / .
According to our estimates , however , the number of those people who claim Hungarian to be their native language was 2 million in 1986 .
The latter data indicate that close to 60 percent of the Hungarians living outside the borders of Hungary in the Carpathian Basin and 13.3 percent of the Hungarians in the world inhabit Transylvania ( Tab. 1 ) .THE NATURAL ENVIRONMENTAccording to our calculations , 51 % of the Hungarians from Transylvania live in a hilly or submountainous area , 28 % inhabit lowlands and 21 % live in the mountains .
The lowlanders - living adjacent to the Hungarian border - dwell in the eastern part of the Great Hungarian Plain , called the Western or Tisza Plain in Rumania .
The highlanders primarily include the inhabitants of the Székely Region , the Barcaság Basin , Hunyad , and Máramaros counties ( Fig. 22 ) .
A majority of the Hungarian highlanders live in the Eastern Carpathians and the basins encircled by the mountain chains .
The most important mountain ranges of the Carpathians inhabited also by Hungarians include the following :
The sandstone range comprising the Nemere Mts. ( Mt. Nemere 1649 m , Mt. Nagy Sándor 1640 m ) , the Háromszék Mts. ( Mt. Lakóca 1777 m ) , the Brassó Mts. ( Mt. Nagykõ 1843 m , Mt. Csukás 1954 m ) , the Persány Mts. ( Mt. Várhegy 1104 m ) , the Barót Mts. ( Mt. Görgõ 1017 m ) , the Bodok Mts. ( Mt. Kömöge 1241 m ) , and the Csík Mts. ( Mt. Tarhavas 1664 m , Mt. Sajhavasa 1553 m ) , the limestone peaks of the Székely Region ( Nagy - Hagymás 1792 m , Egyesk õ 1608 m , Öcsémtet õ 1707 m , Nagy - Cohárd 1506 m , etc. ) , the mainly crystalline schist belt of the Máramaros , Radna , and Gyergyó Mts. ( Mt. Siposkõ 1567 m ) , and the inner volcanic ring of the Avas , Kõhát , Gutin ( famous for its non-ferrous metal mining ) , Lápos , and Cibles Mts. , Kelemen Mts. and Görgény Mts. ( Fancsaltet õ 1684 m , Mezõhavas 1776 m ) , and the Hargita ( Madarasi - Hargita 1800 m , Mt. Kakukk 1558 m , Nagy - Csomád 1301 m ) .
The most significant basins inhabited also by Hungarians include the Máramaros , Gyergyó , Csík , Kászon , Háromszék and Barcaság basins .
The most noteworthy rivers of the Eastern Carpathians - regarding Hungarians - include the Tisza , Maros , Olt , Békás , Tatros , Feketeügy and Vargyas .
Important lakes e.g. the Gyilkos - tó ( " Killer " ) , Szent Anna - tó ( " St. Ann " ) , and Medve - tó ( " Bear " ) in Szováta are also found in this region .
Outside the Eastern Carpathians , a significant number of Hungarian highlanders inhabit the Torockó Mts. ( Székelykõ / Székelystone 1128 m , Torda and Túr Gorges ) , the northern base of the Bél Mts. , the Belényes Basin and the Petrozsény Basin bordered by the Retyezát Mts. , Vulkán Mts. and Páreng Mts. A majority of Hungarians occupying the lowlands live on the Western Tisza Plain covered mostly with chernozem , meadow and alluvial soils .
The richest agricultural land of Transylvania can be found in the Bánát region and Arad county .
The most important subregions of the Western Plain are the Szatmár , Érmellék , Körösmenti , Arad and Temes lowlands .
The most important rivers of the region regarding Hungarian settlements include , from north to south , the Szamos , Kraszna , Ér , Berettyó , Sebes / Rapid - Körös , Fekete / Black - Körös , Fehér / White - Körös , Maros , Béga and Temes .
Outside the region of historic Transylvania , west of the limestone range , the Hungarian national minority inhabiting the hilly regions lives mainly in the Szilágy hills whose streams include the tributaries of the Berettyó and Kraszna rivers .
A majority , however , lives in settlements located in the hills along the Szamos River between the Gyalu Mts. and the Gutin Mts. , the chernozem covered southwestern part of the Mezõség ( Plain of Transylvania ) , the hills along the Küküllõ rivers , and the sub- mountainous slopes of the Székely Region .
The following larger rivers ( and their tributaries ) extend throughout the hilly regions : Szamos ( Little and Big Szamos , Almás , Kapus , Nádas , Borsa , Füzes , Sajó ) , Maros ( Kapus , Ludas , Aranyos , Nyárád , Görgény , Little Küküllõ , Big Küküllõ ) , Olt ( Big Homoród , Little Homoród , Hortobágy ) .
The hilly regions of the Transylvanian Basin , shaped by mud flows and landslides and characterized by a mostly marly clay surface , are extremely rich in natural gas ( Medgyes , Kiskapus , Nagysármás , Mezõzáh , Nyárádszereda , etc. ) and salt deposits ( Parajd , Marosújvár ) .
ETHNIC PROCESSES DURING THE PAST HUNDRED YEARSAt the time of the 1880 Hungarian census that first gathered mother tongue statistics , 1,045,098 out of the total 4 million population of Transylvania - 26.1 % of the population - declared Hungarian to be their mother tongue ( Tab. 14 , Fig. 23 ) .
Of the then over one million Hungarian population , 38.7 % inhabited the Székely region and 34.4 % occupied the area called Partium [ 2 ] ( Tab. 15 , Fig. 24 ) .
In 1880 and later on , the Hungarians were the most urban nation in the territory of broadly defined Transylvania ; 21 % of Hungarians were urban dwellers .
At the same time , 17.1 % of the Germans and only 3.4 % of the Rumanians inhabited cities and towns .
Hungarians also formed a majority of the total urban population ( 56.3 % ) , contrary to the rural populations , where they were in minority next to the 61.3 percent Rumanians .
At the turn of the century , the slowly transforming Transylvanian society had not only a significant internal spatial mobility , but also a notable rate of emigration .
Mass emigration primarily to America and Rumania from the wealthy Swabian villages of the Bánát as well as from the regions less suitable for agricultural cultivation such as the poor Székely villages of Háromszék and Csík and the Rumanian and Ruthenian villages of Máramaros was motivated by a number of factors .
It seems that among these factors , especially in the case of Hungarians and Germans the most important - in addition to overpopulation and lack of well paying non-agricultural jobs - were entrepreneurial spirit and the desire to accumulate start - up capital .
At any rate , we can establish the fact that in 1910 , 57.7 percent of those United States inhabitants who were born in Transylvania declared themselves to be Hungarian ( Wagner , E. 1977 ) .
The large increase in the number and percentage of ethnic Hungarians between 1880 and 1910 ( Figs. 25 , 26 ) was the result of the increasingly voluntary linguistical assimilation of the Jewish population , in addition to the high natural birth rate .
The rapid growth of the Hungarian population of the Partium region was also due to the voluntary Magyarization of the Jews .
It must be noted that while in 1880 only 44.7 % of the Jews living in this area declared themselves Hungarians , this percentage rose to 64 % in 1900 ( Szász Z. 1986 ) .
In addition to the mainly urban Jews , a growing number of non-Hungarians especially Germans , Armenians , and Rumanians inhabiting cities of Temesvár , Arad , Brassó declared in increasing numbers their native language to be the language of the state , Hungarian ( Tab. 16 ) .
The rapidly growing heavy industrial centers near the sources of coal and iron ore in Southern Transylvania ( Resica , Boksán , Stájerlakanina , Vajdahunyad , Kalán , the Zsil Valley settlements etc. ) absorbed large numbers of the mainly Hungarian and German workers .
It is mainly due to this phenomena that between 1880 and 1910 the number of Hungarians swelled from 12 thousand to 53 thousand in Hunyad county and 7 thousand to 33 thousand in Krassó - Szörény county .
During this period , the approximately 2,000 Székelys that settled from Bukovina to Déva , Piski , Vajdahunyad , Csernakeresztúr , and Sztrigyszentgyörgy between 1888 and 1910 contributed substantially to the growth of Hunyad County 's Hungarian population .
Following the Austro - Hungarian compromise of 1867 , the state - conducted resettlement of numerous Hungarians from the Trans - Tisza Region , Szeged environment augmented the population number and the ethnic territory ( Szapáryfalva , Újszentes , Nagybodófalva , Igazfalva , etc. ) of the Hungarians in the Banat .
Following the invasion of militarily almost defenceless East Hungary ( Transylvania ) by Royal Rumanian troops at the end of the First World War , the annexation of Eastern Hungary ( Transylvania ) to Rumania was declared at the Rumanian General Assembly of Gyulafehérvár ( December 1 , 1918 ) .
In answer to this the Hungarian General Assembly of Kolozsvár proclaimed Transylvania 's loyalty to Hungary ( December 22 , 1918 ) .
At the Peace Treaty of Trianon ( 1920 ) the victorious Entente Powers keeping their promise of Bucharest in 1916 ceded the East Hungarian territory of 103,093 square kilometers to the Kingdom of Rumania ( Eördögh I. 1992 ) .
According to our calculations based on 1910 census data , of the 5.2 million people of this area that comprised 43.4 percent of the entire territory of Rumania , 31.7 % were Hungarian and 54 % were Rumanian ( Tab. 14 ) .
But the change in power significantly altered the previous ethnic stucture .
According to the figures of the National Office for Refugees in Budapest , between the fall of 1918 and the summer of 1924 , 197,035 Hungarians , especially public servants , military personnel and landowners fled Rumania to the new state territory of Hungary ( Rónai A. 1938 ) .
The number of Hungarians recorded in Rumanian statistics was further decreased by the classification of - the former mostly Hungarian native speaker - Jews into a separate ethnic category .
The so - called method of name analysis , whereby voluntary declarations of ethnicity were ignored , those with family names of non-Hungarian linguistic origin were not recognized as Hungarians , just as in Czechoslovakia and in Yugoslavia .
The decline in the number of Hungarians caused by the above - mentioned factors was the most pronounced primarily in the towns of Arad , Nagykároly , Szatmárnémeti and Nagyvárad in the Partium region ( Tab. 16 ) .
Between 1910 and 1930 , the resettlement of tens of thousands of Rumanians , mainly from the historical Rumanian regions of Moldavia and Wallachia , led to the most shocking repression of the percentage of Hungarians in Kolozsvár , Nagybánya , Marosvásárhely , Déva , Sepsiszentgyörgy , Torda , Zilah , Petrozsény , and Dés - in addition to the above - mentioned cities .
This exchange of urban population also contributed to the fact that in 1930 , only 44.8 % of the Transylvanian urban population was Hungarian .
On the other hand , between 1910 and 1930 the number of urban dwelling Rumanians rose by 210,000 , thus reaching 34.4 % of the entire urban population in 1930 .
Rumanization of compact Hungarian rural areas outside of cities also took place - under the guise of agrarian reform and land distribution - especially in Szatmár and Bihar , with the establishment of a Rumanian colony chain near the new Hungarian - Rumanian state border ( Paulian , Gelu , Baba Novac , Horea , Lucãceni , Scãrisoara Noua , etc. ) .
In this period , the state policy of ethnic discrimination , in addition to economic factors , also contributed to the fact that 95 percent of emigrants belonged to national minorities , 12 percent of these Hungarian ( 1927 ) .
78 % of the Hungarian emigrées of Transylvania went to Latin - America and Canada ( Wagner , E. 1977 ) .
By 1939 , the increasingly anti-Rumanian in Hungary and anti-Hungarian in Rumania internal and foreign policies - resulting from Hungary 's inability to resign itself to the loss of the large detached territories and Hungarian territorial claims on Transylvania created war - like tensions between Hungary and Rumania .
Acting on the principle of " divide and conquer " , the German decision makers split Transylvania in two parts at the Vienna Court of Arbitration on August 30 , 1940 .
The northern half with a 52 % population of Hungarian mother tongue ( 1941 Hungarian census data ) was reannexed to Hungary , and the southern territory with a 68.5 % population of Rumanian ethnic origin ( 1941 Rumanian census data ) remained in Rumania .
In this extremely tense situation , atrocities were committed against the " hostile minority " in both dissatisfied countries .
In Northern Transylvania - after the Rumanian civil servants who had settled there after 1918 had fled - a majority of the Rumanian agrarian colonists were forced to leave .
At the same time , in Southern Transylvania Rumanian authorities drove 67,000 Hungarians out of the country .
In Southern Transylvania , due to the fleeing of tens of thousands of Hungarians and the extreme anti-Hungarian atmosphere , the Rumanian census of 1941 showed a drastic drop of the Hungarian population mainly in Torda ( - 30 % ) , Brassó ( - 24 % ) , Arad , Déva , Petrozsény ( - 20 % ) , Temesvár , and Nagyenyed ( - 17 % ) .
In 1941 , the territory once again under Hungarian administration regained its 1910 Hungarian population percentage as a result of the forced Hungarian and Rumanian migrations , the self - declaration as Hungarians of a large number of Jews and Germans , and the settlers from the previously Hungarian territory ( Tab. 14 ) .
The Hungarians regained their pre-1918 population percentage , for example , over 80 percent in Kolozsvár and over 90 percent in Nagyvárad , Szatmárnémeti , and the Székely towns ( Tab. 16 and Fig. 27 ) .
This Hungarian " ethnic renaissance " in Northern Transylvania and the division of Transylvania , however , lasted only for a few war - years .
The mass fleeing of Hungarians began in September of 1944 .
The Soviet troops taking Transylvania were followed by the Rumanian " Maniu - gardists " , who embarked on a bloody mission of vengeance among the Hungarian population in the Székely Region ( e.g. Szárazajta , Csíkszentdomokos ) , the Kalotaszeg Region ( e.g. Egeres , Bánffyhunyad ) , and Bihar ( e.g. Gyanta , Köröstárkány , Magyarremete ) .
Simultaneously they started to deport some thousand Hungarians - e.g. from Maros - Torda county 4,000 persons - to concentration camps of Földvár - Feldioara , Tîrgu Jiu etc. ( Vincze G. 1994 ) .
As a result , Northern Transylvania was temporarily brought under Soviet administration ( between November 12 , 1944 and March 13 , 1945 ) until the Communist leader Petru Groza came to power .
As a consequence of the deportation of the majority of the Jews with Hungarian mother tongue , the fleeing and resettlement of ethnic Hungarians to present - day Hungary and to rural areas , the number of the population of Hungarian mother tongue in the ethnically strategic Transylvanian Hungarian cities fell considerably , by 111,000 .
Between 1941 and 1948 , for example , their number decreased by 32,195 in Kolozsvár , 38,287 in Nagyvárad , 17,379 in Szatmárnémeti , and 7,385 in Nagybánya .
Thus , in 1948 , for the first time in history , Rumanians became a majority of 50.2 % in the total population of Transylvanian urban settlements .
The percentage of urban dwellers among the Hungarian population decreased to 29.5 % , and that of the Germans to 24.2 % .
At this time , still only one out of six Transylvanian Rumanians were urban dwellers .
Partly in response to this , in the 1950's , during the " heroic age " of Rumanian socialist industrialization when industry was to a large degree concentrated in particular locations and people were indirectly forced to move to these industrial centers Transylvania 's urban population was expanded and thus made increasingly Rumanian .
Between 1948 and 1956 the urban population of Transylvania was increased by one million - partly by conferring urban status on many settlements .
In addition to fulfilling the general aims of early East European socialist urbanization in Transylvania , the concentration of people into an urban setting served the increasingly clear aim to create more cities and towns with Rumanian ethnic majority .
The ethnic structure of the cities undoubtedly would have been modified and altered even under " ideal " urbanization and nationality policies , because the source of their population growth , the population of Transylvanian villages , had been two - thirds Rumanian for almost two centuries .
It was only a matter of time where , when and to what degree the Rumanian majority of the urban reservoir would prevail .
In the period between the censuses of 1948 and 1956 , the structure of the population in cities - as a result of migration from villages - changed more or less according to the ethnic structure of their attraction zones .
Artificial " Rumanization " of cities still occurred only spontaneously at this time .
The fact that the percentage of Hungarians increased in cities whose hinterland had a majority Hungarian population ( e.g. Csíkszereda , Marosvásárhely , Gyergyószentmiklós , Nagykároly , Szatmárnémeti ) also lends credence to the above ( Tab. 16 ) .
In the period between 1956 to 1992 , the year of the last census , the rural population decreased by 0.78 million and the urban population increased by 2.26 million as a result of the party - directed growth of cities , that gained their population from Transylvanian and old Rumanian ( mainly Moldavian ) villages as well as the local natural population growth .
Due primarily to the mass migration from former Transylvanian and Moldavian ( mostly Rumanian ) villages , the population percentage of Rumanians in Transylvanian cities continued to increase to 75.6 % according to 1992 Rumanian census data .
By this time the percentage of urban dwellers in those main ethnic groups that defined the profile of Transylvania had almost reached a balance , 58.6 % of the Rumanians , 55.9 % of the Hungarians , and 65.1 % of the Germans .
According to Rumanian census statistics , during these 36 years there was a population increase of 39.3 % in the case of Rumanians , and a decrease of 0.7 % in the case of the Hungarians ( Tab. 14 ) .
The decrease of percentage the Hungarian population recorded in census statistics seems inexplicably dramatic next to the 13.3 % natural population growth of the Hungarians .
Taking into account their natural population growth we estimated the population of those whose native language was Hungarian in 1977 to be 1,870,000 .
This figure hardly deviates from other competent estimates ( e.g. Joó R.1988 - 1,850,000 Hungarians in 1977 ) .
The mostly centrally planned , manipulated county and city ethnic data of the 1966 and 1977 censuses of the Ceausescu regime and partly the 1992 census must be handled with cautions .
This is exceptionally relevant in the case of counties and cities where great differences are observed in the demographic development of certain ethnic groups , especially Hungarians and Rumanians , between 1956 and 1992 - differences that cannot be explained by natural population growth or differences in migration .
Examples include Szatmár county , Hungarians : - 17,963 and Rumanians +61,419 ; Bihar county : Hungarians - 22,951 and Rumanians +66,054 , Kolozs county : Hungarians - 19,768 and Rumanians +163,874 ( Tab. 17 ) .
The same applies to cities between 1956 and 1992 ; Kolozsvár : Hungarians - 2,947 and Rumanians +173,949 ; Temesvár : Hungarians - 4,661 and Rumanians +198,338 ; Nagyvárad : Hungarians +11,424 and Rumanians +109,743 ; Arad : Hungarians - 7,801 and Rumanians +92,388 , and so on .
Such alterations in the ethnic composition of cities are unlikely due to the ethnic composition of their attraction zones and the natural birth rate of the local populations .
We do not have access to data regarding the natural population growth of the Transylvanian Hungarians in the previous decade .
Thus , we accepted Transylvanian church estimates on the size of their population ( Joó R. 1988 ) as our basis .
According to these , the number of Hungarians kept track of in church records of 1987 was 2.03 million .
We can consider this figure to be a slight exaggeration even if there was a considerable number of Hungarians not recorded by the church - similar to assimilated people who increasingly lose their Hungarian language .
Inasmuch as we accept the 2.03 million figure , this would signify an 8.55 percent increase relative to their population in 1977 .
This increase barely differs from our estimate of an 8.69 percent growth in the Transylvanian Rumanian nation - nourished by the notable reserves from the old Rumanian regions as well as natural assimilation ( in 1977 : 5.06 million , in 1986 : 5.5 million Transylvanian Rumanians ) .
On the basis of natural population growth and other factors such as assimilation , emigration , we estimate the the number Transylvanian Hungarians to be 2 million as of July 1986 .
Before introducing the ethnic processes of the latest period and the change in the ratio of the Hungarian and Rumanian ethnic groups , we feel it is necessary to outline the spatial aspect of their objective demographic factors such as natural population growth , migration - on the basis of official Rumanian statistics .
The historical regional differences in the continuously declining natural population growth have not altered significantly in this decade .
Among the Hungarian - inhabited territories , the Székely Region ( especially Csík ) , and Brassó and Szatmár counties exceeded with 9.9 % per year the average annual natural population growth of Rumania and Transylvania ( 6.32 % , and 5.1 % per year ) .
Apart from the villages of the Bánát and Arad environs , the natural population growth or rather decrease of Hungarians was most alarming in Kalotaszeg Region , the southern part of the old Udvarhely county , and the former Kászonszék district .
The artificially increased and directed village - city migration - in accordance with the differences in demographic tensions in certain parts of the country and the regional differences of labor supply and demand - continued to determine the basic features of the internal migrations .
In Transylvania the urban populations increased to 316.2 percent of the 1950 level , while this same figure was only 258.7 percent in the old regions of Rumania including the capital , and 176.6 percent in Hungary .
In the course of the large scale spatial mobility between 1977 and 1986 , Transylvania had a positive migration balance of 62,645 in relation with the regions of Old - Rumania ( Moldavia , Oltenia , Muntenia , Dobrudja ) .
Thus , many more people migrated to Transylvania than from Transylvania to Old - Rumania , primarily to Bucharest .
The counties of the huge South Transylvanian heavy industrial centers ( Brassó , Hunyad , Krassó - Szörény ) continued to have the largest migration surplus of 30 % .
Because of the resettlement of over 10,000 dissatisfied Rumanian building lot seekers from Brassó to the Hungarian city of Sepsiszentgyörgy only 33 kilometers away , the county of Kovászna also experienced an exceptionally important migration surplus of 74.4 %.
On the basis of the official Rumanian census data , it can be determined that in the period between the censuses 1956 and 1992 , the growth in the number of Hungarians was greatest in urban settlements with a considerable Hungarian ethnic - demographical background ( the most important Székely - Hungarian towns : Marosvásárhely , Sepsiszentgyörgy , Csíkszereda , Székelyudvarhely and the centers of the Hungarian ethnic block of Szatmár - Bihar : Szatmárnémeti , Nagyvárad ) .
Nevertheless , the even more rapidly increasing Rumanian population extremely suppressed the population percentage of Hungarians in some of these towns : Nagyvárad , Szatmárnémeti , Marosvásárhely ( Tab. 16 ) .
Decline of the Hungarian population - in absolute number and percentage - was similar in those cities that had a lower Rumanian migration surplus but at the same time a smaller Hungarian ethnic " hinterland " ( Kolozsvár , Arad , Temesvár ) .
The Hungarians could maintain , in some places slightly increase , of their 5 - 28 percent share in the total population of 1956 only in southern and central Transylvanian industrial centers ( Nagyszeben , Medgyes , Segesvár , Vajdahunyad , Resica , Torda , Aranyosgyéres etc. ) due to the continuously increasing , mainly Székely immigration .
As a result of the above - mentioned facts the towns with relative small Hungarian ethnic - demographical reservoire ( eg. Arad , Nagybánya , Nagyszalonta , Nagykároly ) lost their leading places among the largest Transylvanian Hungarian communities ( Tab. 18 ) primarily because of the greater pace of population growth of the Hungarians of the Székely towns and Szatmárnémeti , Brassó , and Zilah .
In the suburban , agglomeration zones with many formerly Hungarian majority populated settlements lying in " traffic corridors " , the percentage of the Rumanian ethnic group significantly increased - due to an increasing immigration and population concentration of the Rumanians - often forcing the Hungarians into minority in Batiz , Szecseleváros , Maroskeresztúr , Marosszentanna , Radnót , Szentmihály , Szentleányfalva , Fakert , etc . Parallel to the selective emigration , aging , and natural population decrease of the decisively Hungarian majority populated tiny and small villages located mostly on the periphery of the settlement network , their local societies continue to become ethnically homogeneous and increasingly Hungarian - due to the emigration of the Rumanian minority ( e.g. certain villages in the Székely Region , Kalotaszeg Region , and in the counties of Bihar , Szatmár and Szilágy ) .
According to the 1992 Rumanian census , of the 1113 Transylvanian municipalities , towns , communes only in 579 do Hungarians live in a considerable number ( at least 100 persons ) and percentage ( at least 5 % ) .
They only comprise an absolute majority in 17 towns and 176 communes ( Tab. 19 ) .
Of the municipalities and towns outside of the Székely Region only Érmihályfalva , Nagyszalonta and Nagykároly - being in the frontier zone - and the small Szilágycseh could preserve their traditional Hungarian absolute majority .
Due to the mass - migrational processes , and urbanization during the Communist period , today not more than 51.6 % of the Transylvanian Hungarians live in those towns and communes where they comprise an absolute majority ( 50.0 % and more ) ( Fig. 28 ) .
It should be considered as a particular warning and extremely grave situation from the perspective of the language - ethnic assimilation and of the local protection of the Hungarian interests , minority rights , that almost half a million Hungarians or 28.7 % of the Transylvanian Hungarians live in those administrative units where their population share does not reach 25 % .
In this - for the Hungarians very unfavourable - percentage category ( 25 % >) can be found six municipalities with 208,000 Hungarians , where they formerly represented the relative or absolute majority of the local population : till 1930 Temesvár , Arad , Brassó ; till 1948 Nagybánya ; till 1956 Zilah and Kolozsvár .
THE PRESENT SETTLEMENT TERRITORY OF THE TRANSYLVANIANHUNGARIANSThe
Hungarian Ethnic Territory of the Székely Region [ 3 ]
More than one third of Hungarians in Transylvania live in the Székely Region ( Fig. 29 ) .
The survival of this almost compact Hungarian ethnic block is due to its autonomous status between the 13th century and 1876 , to the mountainous surroundings that offered protection to its inhabitants during the great catastrophies and invasions of the 17th century .
84,000 Hungarians live in Marosvásárhely , the ever growing capital of Maros county ( Fig. 30 ) .
The Rumanian population in the city and its suburban communities is growing rapidly due to settlers mainly from Mezõség region and the region of the Küküllõ rivers .
As a result , their percentage is over 46 in the county seat .
Despite the changes in the ethnic structure in urban areas , the borders of the Hungarian rural ethnic territory next to the Maros and Nyárád rivers extend along the Balavásár - Lukafalva - Mezõbánd -Szabéd-Mezõcsávás-Beresztelke -Magyarpéterlaka - Nyárádremete lines .
The most important centers of this Székely area - apart from Marosvásárhely - are Szováta , Erdõszentgyörgy , Nyárádszereda and Szászrégen , the town with a current Hungarian population of one - third .
Although the Hungarian majority populated villages located north of Szászrégen in the Maros Valley and among the Rumanians of the Görgény district do not belong strictly to the Székely region , but ethnically and geographically they can be considered part of the compact ethnic Hungarian population of this area ( Marosfelfalu , Marosvécs , Holtmaros , Magyaró , Görgényüvegcsûr , Alsóbölkény , etc. ) .
Travelling along the upper Maros - passing through a few villages with Hungarian minority populations ( Palotailva , Gödemesterháza , etc. ) - one reaches the Gyergyó Basin at Maroshévíz whose population is one - third Hungarian .
In Gyergyó region , the century - old Gyergyóremete - Ditró - Hágótõalja line continues to be the Hungarian - Rumanian ethnic border .
The most important Hungarian settlements north of this border include the resort of Borszék with 80 % Hungarian majority population , and Galócás , Salamás , Gyergyótölgyes and Gyergyóholló , all with Hungarian minority communities .
The economic center of the basin is Gyergyószentmiklós with a population of 18,888 Hungarians and 2,169 Rumanians .
The route into the neighboring Székely Basin of Csík leads through two Rumanian majority populated villages ( Vasláb , Marosfõ ) .
Csíkszereda , the seat of the former Csík and the present Hargita county , lies at the intersection of the road from Segesvár to Moldavia and the road along the River Olt .
In 1948 the total population of Csíkszereda was only 6,000 , whereas today there are already 45,769 inhabitants .
Today , over 16 % of the city or 7,488 people is Rumanian due to its central location and the immigration of Rumanians from Moldavia .
Among the other larger settlements in Csík , it is worth mentioning two other towns , copper - producing Balánbánya with a 30 % Hungarian , 70 % Rumanian population , and spa Tusnádfürd õ with its two thousand Hungarian inhabitants ( the smallest Transylvanian town ) .
A few other villages are also significant ( Csíkszentdomokos , Csíkszépvíz , Mádéfalva , Csíkszentkirály , Csíkszenttamás etc. ) .
Kászonaltíz is the most important settlement in the former Kászonszék district located in the basin between Csíkszék and Háromszék .
The former county of Udvarhely , was disbanded as an unit approximately four decades ago , and is now the southwestern part of the current Hargita county .
Székelyudvarhely , near the size of Csíkszereda with 39,959 inhabitants and with an 97.6 percent ethnic Hungarians , is the capital of this most homogeneous part of the Székely Region .
Outside of Székelyudvarhely , most of the jobs in this less urbanized region characterized by small settlements are provided by the agro-industry in Székelykeresztúr , the iron - ore industry , metallurgy in Szentegyházas , the ceramic industry of Korond and salt mining and refining in Parajd .
The southernmost territory of the Székely Region is Kovászna county , formerly known as the region of Háromszék ( `Three Districts ' ) composed of the subregions of Sepsi , Orbai and Kézdi .
Sepsiszentgyörgy , with a 67,220 , inhabitants is the capital of Kovászna county and the second largest Székely town .
Today , Hungarians comprise only three - quarters of this south Székely county seat .
There is a significant percentage of ethnic Rumanians in Kovászna , Bereck , Kézdimartonos , Zabola and Zágon as well due to their presence dating back to the middle ages and the period of modern history .
The following Hungarian villages in Olt valley were never under the administration of any Székely district and do not currently belong to Kovászna county , yet they form an integral part of the Hungarian ethnic territory of the Székely Region : Apáca , Örményes , Alsórákos ( with its basalt and limestone quarries ) and Olthévíz ( famous for its construction material industry ) .
Based on the above , the Hungarian - Rumanian ethnic border in the southern Székely Region extends along the Újszékely - Székelyderzs-Homoródjánosfalva-Olthévíz - Apáca-Árapatak - Kökös - Zágon -Kommandó line .
Hungarian Ethnic Enclaves in Historical TransylvaniaThe regions with the most ancient Hungarian settlements in Transylvania are the Mezõség region and the area surrounding the Szamos rivers .
The devastations of the previous centuries hit these territories especially hard .
Today , Hungarians inhabit only a few linguistic enclaves and numerous scattered communities with a five to twenty Hungarian percentage .
The most ethnic Hungarian settlements in the valley of the Big Szamos are Magyarnemegye , Várkudu , Bethlen , Felõr , Magyardécse , Árpástó , and Retteg , and those near the lower part of the Little Szamos including Dés , Désakna , Szamosújvár , Kérõ , Bonchida , Válaszút and Kendilóna .
In the Mezõség Region , located between the Maros and Szamos Rivers , Hungarian settlements include e.g. Mezõbodon , Mezõkeszü , Vajdakamarás , Visa , Szék , Zselyk , Vice , Ördöngõsfüzes , Bálványosváralja , Szentmáté and Cegõtelke .
The largest Hungarian community of Transylvania with 75 - 120 thousand people live in Kolozsvár with a total population of 328,602 , where the Little Szamos , Nádas creek and numerous national and international roads meet .
The villages of the region of Kalotaszeg ( Kõrösfõ , Kalotaszentkirály , Magyarvalkó , Jákótelke , Bogártelke , Magyar - vista , Méra etc. ) , one of the most valuable folk relics of Hungarian culture , are located west of Kolozsvár City - considered to be the cultural capital of Hungarians of Transylvania - and near the upper part of the Nádas creek and Sebes Körös .
The ethnic Hungarian profile of the Kalotaszeg region 's seat , Bánffyhunyad , has changed significantly due to the settlement of Rumanian highlanders from a broader periphery .
Some Hungarian villages of the Erdõfelek Hills ( Györgyfalva , Tordaszentlászló , Magyarléta , Magyarfenes , Szászlóna ) provide a link between the Hungarians of the Kalotaszeg and Torda regions .
In the former Székely district of Aranyosszék [ 4 ] and its surroundings , the population percentage of Hungarians declined primarily in Székelyko - csárd , Hadrév , Felvinc , Aranyosegerbegy and Szentmihály as a result of the increased settling of Rumanians and the urbanization of the Torda region and Maros valley .
The highland villages , on the other hand , were able to preserve their Hungarian majorities ( Torockó , Torockószentgyörgy , Kövend , Bágyon , Kercsed , etc . ) .
As one of the most important components of the migration 's motivation , the highways , railroads and the employment as well as commuting opportunities reshaped or left untouched the ethnic composition of the Maros and Küküllõ regions in a similar fashion .
Among the formerly Hungarian majority populated settlements along the nationally and regionally significant roads and in the industrial centers , Rumanians became a majority in , for example , Radnót , Marosludas , Marosugra , Marosújvár , Nagyenyed and Dicsõszentmárton .
The former Hungarian character of deserted tiny and small villages whose young populations have outmigrated , however , has remained and even increased in certain places ( Magyarbece , Magyarlapád , Nagymedvés , Magyarózd , Istvánháza , Csávás , etc. ) .
A majority of ethnic Hungarians in the territory between the Little Küküllõ and Olt inhabit larger industrial centers ( Medgyes , Segesvár , Kiskapus , Nagyszeben ) or remote villages ( Halmágy , Kóbor , Dombos , Nagymoha , Sárpatak , Bürkös , etc. ) and Vízakna .
In Hunyad county , the Hungarians mostly inhabit towns in the Zsil valley ( Petrozsény , Lupény , Vulkán , Petrilla ) , Vajdahunyad , Déva , Kalán and Piski .
The few hundred descendants of the medieval Hungarians and the Székely - Hungarians from Bukovina who settled in this region at the turn of the century live mainly in Bácsi , Hosdát , Gyalár , Haró , Nagyrápolt , Lozsád , Csernakeresztúr and Rákosd - in the last three village as the absolute majority of the local population .
Brassó , the largest city in Transylvania with a population of 323,736 , is the main traditional urban center of the Székelys - aside from Marosvásárhely .
For this reason , growth of the Hungarian population of the city has been uninterrupted since the Second World War ( 31,574 in 1992 ) .
Four Csángó- Hungarian [ 5 ] - Rumanian villages of the city 's agglomeration belt ( Bácsfalu , Türkös , Csernátfalu , Hosszúfalu ) were united under the name of Szecseleváros , where the percentage of the Hungarian ethnic group has dropped to 27.2 due to an influx of Rumanians who settled there after the establishment of the electrical industry .
Hungarians in the Partium Region ( Arad , Bihar , Szilágy , Szatmár and Máramaros counties ) The majority of the Hungarian national minority of the Partium region , estimated to be approximately 700,000 inhabitants , primarily inhabits cities along the main traffic lines on the periphery of the Great Hungarian Plain , approximately 40 kilometers from the Hungarian - Rumanian border .
More than half of the ethnic Hungarians of the overwhelmingly Rumanian Máramaros county live as 17 - 31 % minority in Nagybánya , the county seat famous for its non-ferrous metal processing plants .
Hungarians also comprise a similar population proportion ( 20 - 30 % ) in the other towns of the county ( Felsõbánya , Kapnikbánya , Máramarossziget , Szinérváralja ) , with the exception of Borsa , Magyarlápos and Felsõvisó .
Hungarians that comprise an important community , in some places a majority can be found only in some villages located near the periphery ( Rónaszék , Aknasugatag , Hosszúmezõ , Kistécsõ , Domonkos , Erzsébetbánya , Magyarberkesz , Koltó , Katalin , Monó , Szamosardó etc. ) .
Due to the attraction of Kolozsvár , Nagyvárad , Szatmárnémeti and Nagybánya , as well as to its unfavourable local potentials for economic development , the Szilágyság region was not the target of large waves of immigration .
In fact , it became one of Transylvania 's largest population discharging counties .
This situation only led to a relative stability of the ethnic structure of the villages .
The large degree of migration within the Szilágyság region led to a decline in the percentage of the Hungarian population of towns - according to the ethnic composition of their attraction zones - especially the four decades ago Hungarian majority populated Zilah , Szilágysomlyó or Szilágycseh .
Hungarians became a minority in the first two of the above - mentioned towns .
The largest Hungarian communities of the county live in Zilah ( 13,638 ) , Szilágysomlyó ( 4,886 ) , Kraszna ( 3,936 ) , Sarmaság ( 3,829 ) , Szilágycseh ( 3,774 ) , Szilágynagyfalu ( 2,404 ) and Szilágyperecsen ( 2,259 ) .
The Rumanian colonies established between the two world wars ( Decebal , Traian , Dacia , Paulian , Lucãceni , Aliza , Gelu , Baba Novac , Criseni , Horea , Scãrisoara Nouã , etc. ) following the land reform and the villages of the recently re-Germanized population of Swabian origin ( e.g. Béltek , Mezõfény , Mezõterem , Csanálos , Nagymajtény ) disrupted the previous homogenity of Szatmár county 's Hungarian ethnic territory along the Rumanian - Hungarian border .
The 92-95 % majority Hungarian population in the new county seat of Szatmárnémeti and old county seat of Nagykároly in 1941 decreased , according to the Rumanian statistics , to 41 - 53 % by 1992 , despite the significant natural growth in their numbers .
In addition to the above - mentioned towns , a significant number of Hungarians can be found in Tasnád , Mezõpetri , Szaniszló , Kaplony , Börvely , Erdõd , Béltek , Bogdánd , Hadad , Szatmárhegy , Lázári , Batiz , Sárköz , Halmi , Kökényesd , Túrterebes and Avasújváros .
The third largest Hungarian community in Transylvania with 74,228 people lives in Nagyvárad , the seat of Bihar county , whose Hungarian population proportion is currently 33.3 % , according to the 1992 Rumanian census .
The compact ethnic Hungarian population of Bihar is located north of the county 's capital and west of the Fugyivásárhely - Szalárd - Szentjobb - Micske - Margitta line .
Among the notable local centers in this area , Margitta , Érmihályfalva , Székelyhíd , Bihardiószeg and Bihar are worth mentioning .
Significant medieval language enclaves also preserve Hungarian culture in the upper regions of the Berettyó and Sebes / Rapid Körös rivers ( Berettyószéplak , Bályok , Mezõtelegd , Pusztaújlak , Pósalaka , Örvénd , Mezõtelki , Élesd , Rév etc. ) .
In Southern Bihar , for the last three centuries the majority Hungarian populated territories have shrunk to the environs of Nagyszalonta , Tenke and Belényes ( Árpád , Erdõgyarak , Mezõbaj , Bélfenyér , Gyanta , Köröstárkány , Kisnyégerfalva , Várasfenes , Körösjánosfalva , Belényessonkolyos , and Belényesújlak ) .
Of the above - listed settlements , Tenke , Körösjánosfalva and Belényessonkolyos have already lost their Hungarian majority - due to the heavy influx of Rumanians as well as natural assimilation .
More than half of the Hungarians of Arad county dwell in the county seat , Arad with 29,832 Hungarians and the rest primarily live in environs of Arad and Kisjenõ .
Among these , the relatively largest Hungarian population can be found in Magyarpécska ( now united with the mainly Rumanian and Gypsy inhabited Ópécska ) , Kisjenõ , Kisiratos , Nagyiratos , Borosjenõ , Pankota , Nagyzerénd , Simonyifalva , Ágya , Zimándújfalu and Kispereg .
Hungarian Ethnic Enclaves in the BánátThe total number of the Hungarians living in the rural ethnic enclaves and urban diaspora of the Bánát is estimated to be approximately 90,000 ( 1992 census data : 70,772 ethnic Hungarians ) .
This number has stagnated due to the settlement of Hungarians and Székelys from other Transylvanian territories to Temesvár , Resica and other industrial centers - thereby evening out the natural decrease of the population and assimilation .
Due to the above mentioned factor as well as to the increasing regional concentration of the Hungarians of the Bánát , 45 % of the Hungarians of this region claim to be from Temesvár City .
In addition to inhabiting this city of 334,115 people , significant numbers and percentages of ethnic Hungarians live only in around 30 settlements , for example , Pusztakeresztúr , Porgány , Nagyszentmiklós and Majláthfalva in the northwest , Nagybodófalva , Szapáryfalva , Igazfalva , Nõrincse , Vásáros and Kisszécsény in the northeast , and Dézsánfalva , Omor , Detta , Gátalja , Végvár , Ötvösd , Józsefszállás , Torontálkeresztes and Magyarszentmárton in the south .
In the Temesvár agglomeration , the percentage of the Hungarian population drastically decreased in the formerly majority Hungarian populated settlements of Gyõröd , Újmosnica , Magyarmedves and Újszentes due to considerable immigration of the Rumanians and the natural decrease of the local Hungarians .--------------------------------------------------------------------------------[1]Transylvania ( Hungarian : Erdély ; Rumanian : Ardeal , Transilvania ; German : Siebenbürgen , Slovak , Czech : Sedmohradsko ; Serbian , Croatian : Erdelj ) .
Historical region between the Eastern Carpathians , the Transylvanian Alps ( Southern Carpathians ) and the Bihar Massiv ( Rumanian : Apuseni Mts. ) between the 9th century and 1920 in East Hungary , since then in Central Rumania .
In the Middle Ages Hungary was divided - in the regional attitude of the people of the country - into two parts : west of the Bihar Massiv called in Latin " Ultrasilvania " ( territory on this side of the forest , Hungarian : Erdõn inneni , Erdõ elõtti terület ) and east of it called in Latin " Transsilvania " ( territory beyond the forest , Hungarian : Erdõn túl , Erdõelve = Erdély ) .
The German name " Siebenbürgen " ( Land of seven castles ) based on the seven bailiff ( Hungarian : ispánsági ) castles of Transylvania in the 11th century : Dés , Doboka , Kolozsvár , Torda , Küküllõ , Gyulafehérvár and Hunyadvár .
In the text we use the broader sense of the word ( " Greater - Transylvania " ) to label the entire area having belonged to Hungary and ceded to Rumania in 1920 .
This territory includes not only the historical Transylvania but the regions of Rumanian Banat and Partium ( Körös - Crisana region + Máramaros - Maramures ) .
[ 2 ]
Partium ( Hungarian : " Részek " ) .
As a geographical collective term included in the 16th and 17th century the territories of the Principality of Transylvania outside - mostly west - of the historic Transylvania ( Máramaros , Kõvárvidék , Közép - Szolnok , Kraszna , Bihar , Zaránd and Szörény counties ) .
Nowadays it is often in use from Hungarian side to name the former Hungarian territories annexed to Rumania in 1920 - apart from historic Transylvania and Banat : ca. the present - day Rumanian counties Arad , Bihar , Szilágy , Szatmár and Máramaros or the former Rumanian provinces Crisana and Maramures . [ 3 ]
Székely Region ( Hungarian : Székelyföld ; German : Szeklerland ; Rumanian : Pamîntul Secuilor ; Latin : Terra Siculorum ) .
An area populated - since the 12th century - almost exclusively by Székely - Hungarians in the center of present - day Rumania , bordered by the Eastern Carpathians .
The clan division of this privilegized borderland was followed - in the 14 - 15th century - by the establishment of special territorial administrative units ( Hungarian : " szék " ) , namely Marosszék , Csíkszék , Kászonszék , Udvarhelyszék , Sepsiszék , Kézdiszék and Orbaiszék .
Due to the war devastations , the mass immigration of the Rumanians , the shattering of the Hungarian ethnic territory in Northwest and Central Transylvania during the 16th and 17th century , the direct ethnic - territorial connection discontinued between the Hungarian ethnic block of the Great Hungarian Plain and the Székely Region .
Since then the Székely ethnic block is completely encircled by Rumanians .
The special status of this region came to an end after the administrative reorganization of Hungary in 1876 .
The entire Székely ethnic block was formally united in the frame of an autonomous province of Rumania ( " Hungarian Autonomous Province " ) only for a short period , between 1952 and 1960 .
[ 4 ]
Aranyosszék ( " Golden District " ) .
Small Székely - Hungarian ethnographical - till 1876 administrative - region including 22 settlements in West - Central Transylvania , between the towns of Torda and Nagyenyed .
It was founded by the Hungarian king Stephen V with Székelys from Kézdiszék ( today north of Covasna county ) on the territory of the deserted royal estate of Torda between 1264 and 1271 .
The historical seat of Aranyosszék district was Felvinc ( Rumanian : Unirea ) .
[ 5] Csángó ( Rumanian : Ceangãu ; German : Tschango ) : general name of the persons separated from the Székely - Hungarians , outmigrated from the Székely Region .
The Csángó Hungarian ethnographical group includes first of all the Roman Catholic Hungarians in Moldavia , but the Hungarians in the Upper - Tatros / Trotus Valley around Gyímes / Ghimes and the Hungarians in the Barcaság / Bîrsa / Burzenland region , west of Brassó / Brasov / City , the last two situated in the Eastern Carpathians .
The number of the Csángós of Hungarian ethnic identity in Moldavia is decreasing due to the intensive , forced Rumanization ( 1930 : 20,964 , 1992 : 6,514 ) .
The number of - till the end of the 19th century predominantly Hungarian speaking - Roman Catholics in Moldavia exceeded the 184,000 in 1992 .
Similarly to the - dominantly English speaking and Roman Catholic - Irish in Ireland , only one part of the Csángós , of the Moldavian Roman Catholics of Hungarian ethnic origin can be estimated as Hungarian native speaker ( ca. 50,000 , see Diószegi L. -R. Süle A. 1990 ) .
They live mostly around the towns Bákó / Bacãu and Roman towns , in the Szeret / Siret river valley .
Animal Sounds
In different languages what do we say to mimic animal sounds ?
Below is the world 's biggest multilingual list .
A guiding principle behind this list is to visualise a comic book , in your language , and imagine what would be written in the text balloon coming from the mouth of an animal .
For languages that use a different alphabet , I have tried to transliterate the word into the English alphabet for ease of comparison .
A forward slash is used to separate alternative words .
Please email me at dabbott( at)eleceng.adelaide.edu.au if you have any comments , corrections or additions .
See also : http://fluffypals4kids.com/dabbott-animal-et
Acknowledgements : ( Danish ) Per -Anker Lindgard ; ( Dutch ) Henk van Beijeren ; ( English ) Derek Abbott , Lloyd Irving , Cosma Shalizi , Oxford English Dictionary ; ( Finnish ) Antti-Pekka Jauho ; ( French ) Frederic Bonnet ; ( German ) Ehrhard Behrends , Inke Pitz , Irena Hajnsek ; ( Greek ) Anna Tanatzi ; ( Hebrew ) Amit Singer ; ( Hungarian ) Janos Bergou , Andrea Kish ; ( Italian ) Riccardo Mannella , Louise Giamarino ; ( Japan ) Miki Kurahashi , Nobuko Fuchikami ; ( Russian ) Vadim Smelyanski , Slava Soskin , Kira Foygel , Mark Dykman ; ( Spanish ) Jose Francisco Lopez Feliciano , Sebastian " Chano " Lopez Suarez , Jorge Rodriguez , Armando Morales - Castorena ; ( Swedish ) Lisen Kulman ; ( Turkish ) Nesimi Ertugrul .
Animal Sound
Danish Dutch English Finnish French German Greek Hebrew Hungarian Italian Japanese Portugese Russian Spanish Swedish Turkish Urdu
Bee droning bzzz buzz buzz / bzzz bzz bzzz summ summ zoum zoum bzzz bzzz zzzz boon boon
zh - zh - zh bzzz buzz buzz vizzz bzzz Bird ( small ) pip -pip tjiep cheep / chirp / chirrup / peep piip piep piep tsiou tsiou tziff - tziff csip - csirip chip pee pee/ pii pii
fiyt - fiyt pip-pip jiyk jiyk Bird ( medium ) dit kari jay sige lige sa tit son jay vol cheep cheep / tweet tsirk / piip cui cui tschiwitt tsiou tsiou csirip chip pio pío pío pip -pip juyk juyk Bird ( big ) squawk kvak kra kra hihihi / chip ( loudly ) ouh - ouh Bird ( many birds ) warble / twitter chip chip Camel nuzzing grumph ga-a-a-a-h Cat mewing miav miauw meow miau miaou miau miaou miyau miau miau nyan nyan / nyaa nyaa
miyau miao mjan mjan miyav meow Cat purring pierr prrr purr hrr ronron srr doromb purr goro goro mrrr rrr Chaffinch pink Chicken ( hen ) clucking tok tok cluck cluck kot - kot cotcotcodet tock tock ko ko ko / ka ka ka chuck - chuck kot kot coccodé ku - ku - ku - ku / ko - ko - ko - ko
ko - ko - ko caca - racá / cocorocó / ock - ock gut gut gdak Rooster ( cock ) crowing kykyliky kukeleku cock - a - doodle - doo kukko kiekuu cocorico kikeriki kikiriku / kikiriki coo - koo - ri - koo kukuriku chicchirichí ko - ke - kok - ko -o
cucurucu kukareku quiquiriquí / kikiriki kuckeliku kuk - kurri - kuuu u uru uuu ( pron : oo - oore - oo ) kuklooku Chick ( baby chicken ) pip - pip piep piep cheep / peep piip piou piou piep piep ko ko ko csip -csip pio pio piyo piyo
pi -pi - pi pi-pi pip-pip jiyk jiyk tsik - tsik Cow lowing moe / boe moo ammuu / möö ( calf ) meuh mmuuh moo moo mu muu mau mau
mu -u-u muuu / meee mu mu mooo ( pron : meuh ) baeh Cow / Bull ( angry ) snorting snurk snort pärsk pfff buff Crane clang Crocodile ( biting ) klap snap clap klap gnam clap / clack Crow cawing kra -kra kra kra kaak / caw kraa / vaak croa croa kräh kräh kra-kra krak - krak kár - kár cra cra kar - kar kar - kar ah ah kra kra gaak gaak Cuckoo koekoek cuckoo kukkuu coucou kuckuck cuckoo kakukk cucú kakko - kakko / tokk yo - kyoka - kyoku ( baby cuckoo )
ku - ku cu-cu ko - ko Deer troat Donkey braying i-a hee haw / eeyore hihan iaah iaah iaa iaa yi-ah iá - iá ioh ioh ia - ia iha iha / ji-jo a - iiii a - iiii Dog barking ( small dog ) vov-vov ( in a high voice ) waf waf yap yap / arf arf hau hau ouah ouah ( in a high voice ) wau wau
( in a high voice ) how - how vau vau arf arf / bau bau kian kian
hav - hav/ gav - gav guau / gua bjäbb - bjäbb hev hev Dog barking ( medium dog ) vov-vov woef woef woof woof / ruff ruff vuff ouah ouah wau wau gav gav woof - woof vau vau bau bau wan wan hav - hav / gav - gav guav vov-vov / voff hauv hauv Dog barking ( big dog ) vov-vov ( in a low voice ) bow wow vuff / rouf ouah ouah ( in a low voice ) wuff wuff vau vau bau bau wan wan
hav - hav/ gav - gav guf guf hov hov bow bow Dog ( biting ) gnash / snap naps gnam gari gari chac Dog ( gnawing bone ) knor chomp / chump / gnaw chrong paku paku chua-chua haart haart Dog ( angry ) grrr grr grrr / snarl / growl mrr grrr grrr grrr grr uuuuu grrrrr grrr grr hirrrr Dog ( crying ) whine / whimper juhhh yu - yu - yuuu !
Dog ( panting ) ha ha pant pant lääh - lääh cha-cha pant pant hah hah he - he - he eh eh eh heh heh heh Dog ( distressed ) peep - peep yelp / yip / howl / yowl ui - ui juhhh huuu o- u - u - u-h auu Dog ( drinking ) lap lap glup schlapp schlapp lefety lefety slop slop / slurp hu-up hu-up blap blap slap slap slap ( pron : schlup )
Dove crooding roekoe coo kurr rou rou guru guru burukk uuu grl - grl gu gu/ cucurrucu oo ho oo ho gu gu gu guuk Duck gabbing rap - rap kwak kwak quack quack kvak coin coin quack quack pa-pa - pa quak - quak háp - háp qua qua ga ga
krya - krya cua cua kvack - kvack vak vak quak quak Elephant trumpeting baraag tööt toerroe baaa paoh - paoh
u -u-u biaaah
Frog kvæk - kvæk kwak kwak croak / ribbit ( USA ) kvaak croa croa quaak quaak quak - quak bre - ke - ke / kuty kurutty / kurutty ( pron : kurutch ) cra cra kero kero
kva -kva croac croac ko ack ack ack vrak vrak
Goat bleating mæh mè mè naa mää bêê maehh maehh maehehe meh meh mek - mek bee me-e me-e me - e-e beee määk määk me - e-e me - e-e meh Goose cackling gak gak honk tööt gak gak gá - gá ga - a ga - a ga - ga - ga gak gak Horse neighing neigh hi-hiin
i - go - go iihaha
Horse shuddering prrr/ vrinsk brrr brrr bhhh Horse whinnying hi hi wehee iha -haa hiiiii wihiie nyihaha hiii hihiiiiin
ihiii e-he - he -he Horse ( hoof sound ) klip - klap klip klap clip clop kopotikop clip clop klip klap clippete / clip clop paka paka ta - tá ta - tá ta - tá cotocloc deg - a - dek Lion roaring grrrr / grauuw raa / grr / roar raoh grr ah ah / gra gra grr / roar gaooooo r-r - r -r grr uagh Moose bröl Mouse squeeking piep piep eek piep piep cin-cin ( pron : tsin - tsin ) squit chu - chu pi-pi - pi iiik pip-pip viyk viyk
Owl hooting oe hoe twit twoo / hoo hoo / whit woo / terwit terwoo huhuu hou hou uhu / huuh huuh hu hu hu hoh hoh uh !
uh !
uh !
uhh uhh ho - ho uuu uuu hoo hoo
Ox lowing boo / booh meuh Parrot lorre / Lora Lora pretty Polly /
Who 's a pretty boy ?
coco Lora Lora gyuri pityu Portobello ohayo ( =good morning )
Pópka - durák lorito lorito vakra klara naaber naaber / nasilin nasilin / mucuk mucuk ( pron : mujuk ) mea mitu / churi
Pig grunting øf - øf knor knor oink nöff groin groin grunz röf-röf ( pron : reuf - reuf ) oink
boo boo
hrgu - hrgu oink / oinc nöff - nöff
Pig squealing hvin sweek wee wee quiek ui - uii bu-hii bu-hii iiih / uiii / cuiii Pigeon cooing coo kurr rou rou guru guru gru uu woo - woo burukk hu hu guli - guli ruú - ruú / cucurrocu oo ho oo ho gu gu gu guuk Raven croaking kra -kra kra kra caw croâ croâ kra-kra kár - kár cra cra kar - kar kra-kra Sheep bleating mæh - mæh bè bè baa mäh bêê baehh baehh mae -ee beee bee meh meh
beee beee beee bä bä maeh maeh Snake hissing sss sss sss hiss sss sss sss psss sz-sz hshs ssss sss sss sss Sparrow chun chun Tiger roaring grr grr raa / grr grr grr grr grr gaooooo grrr grrr grr Turkey ( male cock ) gobble gobble glou glou glou glou clou clou / goro - goro - goro ( Mexico ) glu glu Turkey ( female hen ) yelp
Wolf howling oou ahoo / hoeea owooooo uhuu ooouh huh oou huu uuu auuuh oooahh ooo Woodcock peent Animal Commands
In different languages what do we say when we tell an animal to do something ?
Animal Command
Danish Dutch English Finnish French German Greek Hebrew Hungarian Italian Japanese Portugese Russian Spanish Swedish Turkish Urdu
Go faster ( horse ) hyp - hyp hort giddyup hep hu hueah / hüh hei - hei hoysa gyi / rá-rá vai poshlá arre ( This is unwritable as it is a sound made with the lips ) deh tazebahaga Slow down ( horse ) prr-prr ho whoa ptruu ho brr sh - sh - sh hó piano doh doh stoy !
sooo prot brr aista
Come here ( cat ) kissar - kissar poes poes / ps ps ps here kitty kitty kis - kis bi biss mietz mietz ps - ps - ps pss-pss cic-cic vieni ricio neko chan oide ks - ks - ks misu misu / bishito bishito ( Mexico ) kiss - kiss pissy - pissy ahow Go away ( cat ) hiss kst/ ksjjjt scat schhh psit !!
kishta sic/ hess via bryss !
zupe / sáquese ( Mexico ) shas kis kis ( pron : kisht ) huto
Come here ( dog ) kom kom kom here boy komm hier ela !
hozzám / ide quí wan chan oide
syudá tiu kom nit gel / kucu kucu ( pron : kucher ) ahow Sit down ( dog ) sit zit sit istu assis sitz katse !!
shev üi/ ülj siedi sidét sit / sientate sitt otur bato
Walk behind me ( dog ) volg heel paikka bei Fuss takarj dietro za mnoy fot peachao Get stick ( dog ) aport raport fetch / get hae va chercher hol 's hup !/ piasto !
tfos hozd ide prendi apórt cogeb apport tut / yeakalla utalao
Go away ( dog ) vak weg / vort verschwinde exo !
kishta el via poshlá / von fuera / ajucia /
( Las Palmas ) sáquese ( Mexico ) gå host ( pron : hosht ) hoosh Go away ( any animal ) vak kst / weg / vort shoo / scram chassez / va-t 'en ab/ husch / geh weg exo !
kishta el via espante poshlá / von vete / fuera shas defol
Go away ( bird ) vak kst hess shó shi shi kysh !
ssk / shh / sio Come here ( cow ) buzo - buzo booie ide vacaaa kossera kossera kossera mi gel sari kiz ao Come here ( pig ) sooie ide turre turre Come here ( chicken ) put - put tsip tsip Animal Pet Names
In different languages what are the most typical names we give to our pets or animals in children 's story books ?
Animal
Danish Dutch English Finnish French German Greek Hebrew Hungarian Italian Japanese Portugese Russian Spanish Swedish Turkish Urdu Bear Pooh , Paddington nalle , otso , mesikämmen Winny Puh Bubu Bull Angus Torito Cat Tom , Boots kisu Félix Pussi Micifús Ceyote Wiley Chicken Chicken Licken tipu Cocotte Coco Cow Daisy , Voilet , Mavis ammu , Mansikki Marguerite Carolina / Margherita Donkey Eeyore Dog ( small ) Fifi , Tiddles hauva Toutou / Oscar Musetta Solovino
( Stray dog ) Dog ( medium ) Lassie , Rover , Spot , Fluffy , Snowy Rintintin Dog
( big ) Bounder , Rex , Bowser Dog
( bad ) Gnasher , Bruiser Nerón Duck Jemima , Donald Kalle ja Liisa ( name for a pair of ducks ) Paperino / Paperina Pascual Elephant Jumbo , Nellie , Dumbo Baban Dumbo Frog Kermit René Goat Billy , Nanny Horse Trigger , Silver heppa , humma , koni Jolly Jumper Furia Kangaroo Skippy Skipper Skippy Lion Reggie , Leo Leo Kimba Moose Bullwinkle Mouse Jerry , Mickey , Minnie hiiru , hiirulainen Topolino / Jerry Speedy González Owl Whootie Parrot Polly Pig Piglet nasu , possu Cuinito Rabbit Bugs ,
Peter ,
Brer kani Bugs Rat Roland Reindeer Rudolph , Prancer , Dasher , Dancer , Vixen , Comet , Cupid , Fabian Rudolf Rodolfo Sheep Agnes Snake Lucifer Tiger Simba , Tigger , Tony Tigrou
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Former Formula 1 driver Alex Wurz has lodged an entry in the 2010 Formula 1 World Championship with a new start - up operation called Team Superfund , AUTOSPORT can reveal .
The former Williams , McLaren and Benetton racer , will become team principal of the new outfit , which is set to be funded by Austrian business tycoon Christian Baha - the founder and owner of the investment company Superfund .
The team 's cars will be powered by the standard - specification Cosworth engine .
Superfund joins Prodrive , Lola , Campos Meta1 and Team US F1 as one of several new ventures seeking to enter the sport following the FIA 's plan to introduce budget caps to F1 for 2010 .
AUTOSPORT understands that Superfund has been in serious discussions with the FIA already , that planning for the project is at an advanced stage , and that it has been in contact with key personnel .
The team is waiting until it has secured its entry before it begins acquiring assets and staff however .
Superfund is also understood to be awaiting the outcome of talks between the governing body and the Formula One Teams '
Association over proposals for existing teams to assist new outfits before it decides on how to structure the operation .
It is believed that Wurz would prefer to align the team with an existing constructor based in the UK , perhaps renting space , facilities and staff from its factory , while Superfund takes time to build - up its own headquarters , possibly based on existing resources in Austria .
This would also give the new team an opportunity to gain essential experience from existing expertise .
It is understood however that finances are already in place for Superfund to create a team from the ground up if necessary .
Baha , who is known to be a huge motorsport fan , has sponsored F1 teams and junior series in the past and came close to setting up a Superfund category of his own earlier in the decade .
Wurz retired from Formula 1 racing at the end of 2007 with Williams , though he spent last year as test and reserve driver for Honda and has stayed on the team 's roster since it became Brawn .
The 34 - year - old Austrian is expected to continue racing for Peugeot in sportscars and will compete in the Le Mans 24 Hours next month .
Joe was eager to hear how upset Howard would be about the public option being dead .
Chuck Todd had said it would be interesting to see if Dean would push back at all .
Thing was , Howard did n't seem upset at all .
But he was eager to explain Obama 's legislative strategy :
JOE : If you were Senator Dean from Vermont and the president tried to pass a health care bill that did n't have a public option in it , like this one that 's going to be on the floor of the senate at some point , would you vote for a health care bill without a public option ?
DEAN : I would n't vote for a final bill without a public option under any circumstances .
Because I do n't think we ought to dump $ 60 billion into the health insurance industry , which is what this bill would do .
On the other hand , I think what is going on here is nothing more than politics .
The president knows very well that you are n't really going to have health care reform without a public option .
But he also knows he has to get this out of the senate .
And he's got a very important member of the Finance Committee , Kent Conrad , who does n't want to vote for this bill if it has a public option in it .
And he knows he 's not going to get any Republicans votes of any kind .
So at the end of the day this bill 's going to be written by Democrats , it 's got to get out of the senate and you only need a few Democrats to take out the public option .
At this point in Howard 's explanation , Joe seemed to understand and started looking very interested :
JOE : Let me explain to people what you 're saying .
The House is going to pass a version with a public option .
The senate will pass a version without a public option .
You get past the 60 votes .
You go to reconciliation , you put the public option back in .
And then you vote it on it and you only need 50 votes .
And you get a public option .
RON BROWNSTEIN : Wow .
JOE : Is that what you 're saying ?
DEAN : Basically , yes . [...]
RON BROWNSTEIN : Governor , that 's a complicated political strategy ...
DEAN : It 's very complicated .
It 's why we 're getting all this talk .
It 's why the message has to be so simple in August ... what 's most likely to happen , honestly , is the Republicans are going to continue , as they 've made very clear , to obstruct the bill .
October 16th is going to come along and that 's when reconciliation kicks in .
They 're going to have to write this bill in the budget .
There 's no question in my mind about this .
After the interview , Joe looked around the table and mused :
JOE : Is n't that something ?
That 's fascinating .
RON BROWNSTEIN :
It 's political gamesmanship , right ?
MIKA : Yeah .
JOE : The president sells it without the public option .
Nancy Pelosi puts it back in and he ends up signing the bill .
So they get what they want .
We 'll see if it works .
So then they do a segment on Michael Vick and it's twenty minutes later .
They come back from commercial and Scarborough is seen wandering around the studio looking a little spaced out , " like John McCain at the debate " says Mika .
MIKA : Um , is your mind wandering or ...?
JOE : Yeah .
I 'm just , I 'm going back to thinking about what Howard Dean said ...
MIKA : Well , I know !
I can't wait to ask Dr. Nancy Snyderman what she thinks about that .
And it turned out Dr. Nancy was also in awe of Dr. Dean 's analysis of the congressional " chess game . "
She also agreed with Dean that it 's not health care reform without the public option .
Very nice .
I 'll finish by re-posting a comment I made over at Hullabaloo this weekend :
Obama 's simply not stupid enough to believe there will be a bipartisan health care bill .
It 's the last thing in the world the Republicans want -- no matter what 's in the bill .
It will never happen and Obama knows it .
The bipartisan talk is simply cover -- a PR offensive against Broder and the Village idiots to make sure the GOP is blamed for the lack of bipartisanship .
The Senate Finance Committee will produce a Democratic bill by September 15th .
( Remember Baucus has publicly pledged to meet that deadline with or without Republicans . )
It might not have a public option but it does n't matter .
The only thing that matters is the eventual conference report .
The conservadems will fold when faced with the prospect of voting against a public option and killing reform .
Unlike ' 94 , they have a healthy fear of failure this time .
A bill has to pass and even stooges like Kent Conrad will end up casting a vote for the public option in the end .
Perhaps I 'm wrong about the conservadems folding .
As Dean said , it may require reconciliation .
But either way , the public option is very far from being dead .
Here 's the video of the entire Dean interview from this morning :
UPDATE :
As posted below in comments , Dean also rocked it on the Dr. Nancy show later in the morning :
TAKE ACTION :
The key to this strategy is for progressives in the House of Representatives to stand strong for the public option at all points in the process .
It 's up to them to make sure the public option is in the final bill .
We can't let the progressives cave !
Please go to Firedoglake 's Public Option Whip Count Tool and make some phone calls to progressive members of Congress today .
L4D 's Francis decides to step into Heavy Weapons Guy ' shoes to see how much he hates TF2
Heavy Weapons Francis - Inspired by L4D's Francis
This is my first attempt at re-texturing a TF2 character .
So I felt like doing a little mish mash of two of my favorite games .
Hope you all enjoy .
____________________
To install , place the files in : ...\ Program Files\Steam\steamapps\[steam_account ] \team fortress 2\tf\materials\models\player\hvyweapon
Note :
If the directories does n't exist you can create the folders and place them in the correct locations .
____________________
P.S. I 'd like to start creating custom model replacements , so if you guys could direct me to any helpful tutorials / forums it'd be greatly appreciated .
Created by Duane D. All rights belong to Valve .
There was a diary on the rec list earlier today about how Bill Moyers was specific and on point about health care in America .
( note : the video was not available at that time )
Moyers was not shy , afraid , scared but he took the Democratic Party to task .
The main issue that stood out for me , Moyers blasting of the money and its influence that is running all through the Democratic Party .
Watch this while you can , HBO has the tendency to remove these videos .
FYI .
That one off the big roadside billboards .
Where you can't see her face , just , um , you know .
The Marks & Spencer ads .
That one .
Well , it 's not good news , The Mill is afraid .
Today 's Sun has the story : " dating Premier League footballer ... inseparable from ...
Romantic holiday in Dubai ... KIERAN RICHARDSON " .
Well , at least there 's some kind of clue here , finally , as to what he 's actually been doing with himself for the last couple of years .
Elsewhere , more unlikely couplings as a low - level background rumour – more of an ambient rumour – is transformed into today 's expansively twiddling back page saxophone solo :
It 's " Van Utd " with the news that Sir Alex Ferguson is " monitoring Robin Van Persie " , presumably with the help of a machine that goes " poyoyoyoing " every 30 seconds and an old - fashioned set of really heavy Bakelite headphones .
" Robin loves it at Arsenal but he is getting to the age when he wants to win things and earn significantly more money just for sitting next to Ben Foster and occasionally warming up , " says a Dutch " source " .
The increasingly demented Real Madrid now want Big Brother 's Marcus , the cats of Martina Cole 's The Take , the last red telephone box in London , a really good new pair of jeans and £ 8 m worth of Alvaro Arbeloa .
But will they be happy ?
They will at least be dancing in north London 's irritating tapas bars full of people called Josh at the news " Barça " Lona want to spend £ 17 m on Pepe Reina .
Victor Valdes is on is way out and Pepe can look forward to earning £ 150,000 a week for standing about watching assorted midfield gnomes ping it around for 90 minutes and occasionally joining in the goal celebration bundle .
It 's enough to make even Kieran Richardson wonder where it all went wrong .
The Mirror has news of a thrillingly pointless swap deal involving slow - witted , but kindly Spurs midfielder , Lennie From Of Mice And Men – also known as " Tom Huddleston " – and Nigel Reo-Coker , who fouls a lot .
Tesco -Value - Range - Roberto-Carlos Andrea Dossena 's move to Juventus is " on hold " .
The Mill can't think why .
In The Daily Star Gary Megson is striding about with a banana in his pocket wearing a Zapata moustache and planning to " hijack " Lee Bowyer 's move to Birmingham .
In The Times Sol Campbell is considering taking a 50 % pay cut to continue jogging very slowly with a sombre expression on his face for another season at Portsmouth .
' Arry Redknapp has been getting sweaty and short of breath at the thought of Moussa Sissoko and Étienne Capoue of Toulouse , a midfield - scuffling duo who should hang about vaguely for an inconclusive season or two before going out on loan to Middlesborough , being " misquoted " saying horrible things in a French newspaper and then weirdly reappearing a couple of years later as world - beaters at somewhere like Internazionale or Valencia .
Malaga are keen to solve their ongoing first - team vowel shortage by signing Spurs jinker Adel Taarabt .
Manchester City , stumbling blindly from airport check - in lounge to Eurotrash hotel suite , have decided to try and sign Joan Angel Román , a 16 - year - old Espanyol midfielder .
For pity 's sake .
He 's just a boy .
Leave him be .
Sam Allardyce thinks he's on to something with Borussia Dortmund 's Mohamed Zidan , who reminds him of someone - he can't think who .
And Andriy Shevchenko has been " offered " to Monaco , in much the same way you might offer the last remaining executive truffle liqueur from a particularly plush box of A - list chocolates , even though you know it 's actually a revolting banana - tiramisu surprise that 's just going to collapse into a mush and drip down your wrist the moment you bite into it .
The Daily Mail has Manchester United " on the trail of " Roma striker Mirko Vucinic , who runs around a lot and would cost £ 15 m .
Also , there 's talk of " tentative inquiries " about Porto 's Hulk .
Fiorentina are " keen on " Philippe Senderos , but then who is n't ?
Some kind of swap deal may be in the offing involving Brazilian midfielder Melo , who 's just a really laidback guy .
On Goal.com Lyon 's president will " neither confirm or deny " that Inter are about to pay £ 15 m for his midfielder Ederson , who invented the light bulb .
Paolo Rossi says that Giuseppe Rossi is his " heir " , which is confusing .
And David Villa will join Barcelona only if Bojan Krkic has disappeared and resurfaced at Valencia by the time he opens his eyes again .
Have you got a sizzling hot rumour that the world must know about ?
Tell us in the comments section below .
Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates believes that the U.S. can improve its universal educational ranking by rewarding effective teaching and by developing better performance measures for students and teachers .
Gates told lawmakers that federal stimulus money should be used to increase educational innovation , improve accountability , and spread best practises .
American public school students have been lagging in comparison to students of other developed countries .
Gates has been a long - time critic of education in America .
He believes that philanthropy is the basis for a better educational system .
There have been many proposals on how to improve achievement standards but nothing has changed .
It is not clear when or what path will be used to get schools back on track .
Gates believes that one step in the right direction , is for lawmakers to require colleges and universities to publish graduation rates .
Then those institutions would be rewarded with funding based on the number of degrees granted , and not just students enrolled .
He also wants to see teachers rewarded for their effectiveness and not just seniority .
He believes that data identifying the best instructors would be more likely to increase quality than by reducing class size .
The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation has spent nearly $ 4 billion in eight years in order to improve America ’s high schools and even offer award scholarships , primarily to low - income and minority students .
Bill Gates wants to see the U.S. graduation rate increase from 70 percent to 80 percent .
Then he wants to see the number of low - income adults 26 years and younger , who get a degree or certificate beyond high school to double .
These may seem like lofty goals but America needs to take steps to improve education .
Americans are and have been falling behind many nations in terms of education .
Drastic actions need to be taken if American students are going to keep up with China , Korea , and many other nations .
On the back of the dotcom boom , Michael Simms ploughed £ 350,000 of his own money into a games company with the intention of bringing some of the most playable Windows titles to Linux .
Almost 10 years later , Linux Game Publishing , which specialises in porting Windows titles , is still going strong , releasing several titles every year .
Linux Format magazine caught up with Michael on a recent trip and asked him about where the company will go from here .
Linux Format : What inspired you to start making games Linux - compatible ?
Michael Simms : I started using Linux when I was at university , so I 've been doing it for a long time .
I did a few jobs in the Unix field and got to hear of Loki Software , who had just decided to make Civilisation : Call to Power .
I got on to the beta for that , but I found it was hard to buy a copy of it when it came out .
So I contacted Loki about becoming a reseller and that 's what started Tux Games .
When it became obvious Loki was going under , it was like : ' crap , we 're going to have nothing to sell ' .
So we went to a company we knew were n't able to make a deal with Loki , Creature Labs , and came to an agreement with them .
We started off by publishing Creatures 3 and went from there .
LXF : What do you think Loki did wrong ?
MS : Loki overestimated the market .
It would spend a lot licensing a triple - A title and not generate enough sales , but carry on doing that again and again .
A classic example was its Quake 3 special edition where it made 50,000 tin boxes and only sold a few thousand .
LXF : Did n't you do a similar thing with X3 ?
MS : That was a limited edition of 500 rather than 50,000 !
We did it slightly differently .
Just 500 , and we wo n't be making any more .
We 'll carry on making the standard edition until whenever , but try to avoid making the same mistakes as Loki .
LXF : After deciding to port a game to Linux , what 's the next step for you at LGP ?
MS : Once we 've made the agreement , we get hold of the source code and then we just do whatever we need to do for the port .
Usually , ports are fairly similar .
LXF : Do you choose games with a similar back - end ?
MS : No , we choose games based on playability .
I personally pick out a lot of the games because they 're what I like !
But we 've also got a few other people that we trust to give a balanced view of things .
LXF : Is there a massive difference between taking on something like X3 and a 2D puzzle game ?
MS : We aim to do fifty - fifty top - end games to entry - level games so that we can pay equal attention to companies behind titles like Jets 'n ' Guns .
We concentrate on both to make sure that we 're still seen to port big games , but we do small games so that smaller companies also have a route into the Linux market .
LXF : How long does a game like Jets take to port ?
MS : Well , with Jets , we did n't actually do most of the port .
Rake
In Games did it instead , we just added some polish and work at the end …
To do a port of something like Jets would take one developer a couple of months .
Maybe a bit less .
X3 – that 's more a team of four developers for five to six months .
When you 're looking for a white butterfly , it 's amazing how many white butterflies you see .
Large whites , small whites , green - veined whites – all three lumped by most people ( especially gardeners ) under the term " cabbage white " – the outright winner in the contest for Britain 's most hated butterfly .
But not all white butterflies ravage cabbages .
What about the orange tip – one of the earliest butterflies to appear in spring ?
Female orange tips look remarkably like a delicate version of the small white , as only the males sport the striking orange wing - patches that give this butterfly its name .
There 's also the marbled white .
Confusingly , this is not a white at all , but a brown butterfly spotted with white rather than the other way around .
And finally , there 's the only white British butterfly I have yet to see : the rare , elusive and sadly declining wood white .
Once found in woodland habitats throughout much of England and Wales , the species is now confined to a few localities in the south and west of the country , from Herefordshire and Worcestershire via the Chilterns to parts of Devon and Somerset .
So last week I went to one of the wood white 's Somerset strongholds , Staple Common between Taunton and Ilchester , in search of this delicate wisp of a creature .
I 've been here before : last June I tramped through these woodland rides for a couple of hours with my ever more impatient children ( who gleefully pointed out every white butterfly except the right one ) before we gave up and went to the pub .
It 's been another frustrating day .
I have somehow ended up at the wrong end of the wood , and tried to walk through an impenetrable thicket of pines before giving up .
I 've also had a classic false alarm : a delicate white butterfly sitting on a bluebell , its wings folded shut , exactly in the manner of the wood white .
I got as far as taking close - up photos before I realise I am looking at a green - veined white – beautiful , but not the target of my quest .
By mid-afternoon I was lost , hot , sweaty and wishing I had brought some sandwiches .
Then , a small , insignificant little butterfly floats past on pallid wings .
Its flight action is somehow fluttery yet decisive , and for a moment I fear it will continue out of sight without landing .
But it does settle , and immediately closes its wings to reveal the distinctive rounded shape and ghostly grey streaks that mark it out as a wood white .
Wood whites are one of nature 's paradoxes .
There 's plenty of suitable habitat for them to live , and climate change should be allowing them to spread northwards .
But while other butterflies such as the peacock and speckled wood are extending their ranges , the wood white is not .
The reason ?
Those delicate little wings .
Unlike its stronger cousins the wood white seems to be unable to fly between patches of woodland to colonise new areas .
And if it fails to do so , it could face extinction as a British butterfly .
If that seems a bit far - fetched , consider the case of the black - veined white .
Once so common that butterfly collectors competed to see how many they could catch with a single sweep of their net , this attractive relative of the cabbage whites began to decline in the early 19th century .
Despite its food - plants – hawthorn and blackthorn – being abundant , the decline continued , and in 1925 , black - veined whites bred here for the very last time .
So if you want to see wood whites fluttering through an English woodland , perhaps you 'd better hurry – they may not be there in a year or two .
In the meantime , you 're not too late : they fly until the end of June , with a second brood on the wing from mid-July to mid-August .
• Send in your photos of butterflies to our Flickr group and we 'll feature our favourites on theguardian.com / environment
The guy who 's sick of the games industry , and the world in general .
QUOTE OF THE DAY ….
Sen. George Voinovich ( R - Ohio ) appeared on CNBC ’s “ Squawk Box ” this morning for the kind of softball interview one might ordinarily associate with Fox News .
One of the two hosts , for example , thanked the Republican “ for his leadership ” because “ we ’re headed off a fiscal cliff . ”
The interview wrapped up with this interesting exchange .
Host : Senator , one question , before we go , on health care .
How much of this disagreement with the administration is about the policy of health care and how to fix it , and how much of it is Republicans ’ obviously understandable desire to declaw the president politically .
How much does that fit into the equation ?
Voinovich : I think it ’s probably 50 - 50 .
Putting aside the obvious slant of the question , Voinovich ’s candid response was nevertheless interesting .
At least half of the Republican opposition to health care reform , according to a sitting Republican senator , is nothing more than partisan politics .
Good to know .
The New York Civil Liberties Union is suing the city of Troy , New York and its Public Works Commissioner , Robert Mirch , over shutting down controversial video game exhibition , Virtual Jihadi .
Advertisement
Virtual Jihadi is actually a PC mod of a mod of a low - budget first - person shooter that came out in 2003 .
In the original game , Quest for Saddam , players hunt down and kill Saddam Hussein .
The first mod , created by Al Qaeda , re-skins the game so that players are out to get President George W. Bush .
Virtual Jihadi is Iraq - born artist Wafaa Bilal 's follow - up mod to the game which puts Bilal in the role of an Iraqi citizen who joins Al Qaeda to avenge his dead brother by killing Bush .
Bilal says that his work is designed to raise awareness about the vulnerability of Iraqi citizens ' recruitment by Al Qaeda " because of the U.S. 's failed strategy in securing Iraq . "
Also , he says the game addresses the racist stereotypes presented in the original game , Quest for Saddam .
Advertisement
GamePolitics reports that the exhibition has gone through a lot of red tape since its debut :
Bilal , a U.S. citizen and a faculty member at the Art Institute of Chicago , was invited to display his work at Rensselaer Polytechnical Institute in Troy but was abruptly ordered off campus after the school 's College Republican Club raised objections to the game .
Bilal was then offered space to display Virtual Jihadi at a nearby gallery , the Sanctuary for Independent Media .
The gallery , however , was suddenly shut down for building code violations by Troy 's Public Works Commissioner , Robert Mirch .
This latest lawsuit alleges that the city 's shutdown action taken in March 2008 was a suppression of free speech .
The suit seeks to stop the city from blocking the exhibit further and requests lawyers ' fees and damages of an unspecified dollar amount to be paid by the city .
You can find the text of the NYCLU complaint here and the original press release here .
Advertisement
City Sued Over Shutdown of Controversial Video Game Exhibit [ GamePolitics ]
But others working on the blockbuster , which is backed by Hollywood studios and has a £ 26 million budget , are insisting that the dog's name is too racially offensive , particularly in the crucial United States market .
In the first half of 2009 , nationwide foreclosure filings topped the 1.9 million mark for the first time ever surpassing the 1.5 million for the first half of 2008 .
Also , Q2 of 2009 was the worst quarter in terms of foreclosure filings ever .
Whatever the case may be with a handful of good earnings reports including some Wall Street firms that are making billions on a disaster they helped to orchestrate , the overall housing market is still deteriorating .
The Alt - A and option ARM problems still loom in the near future with really no strategic way to address them .
Many of these loans will be recasting in large numbers in states like California and Florida where housing is still in tatters .
The U.S. Treasury and Federal Reserve seem intent on prolonging the slump as long as possible to give them time to craft another bubble .
We ’ve seen this with the loan modifications which amount to additional government sponsored option ARMs which virtually convert homeowners into long - term renters .
Before we drill down into California , let us first take stock of the nationwide foreclosure situation :
* Click for sharper image
We are on pace for approximately 3.5 to 4 million foreclosure filings in 2009 .
This is unheard of in modern history .
What makes this number even more startling is that the government has handed over trillions of dollars to Wall Street and the banking system yet the problems still persist for most average Americans .
Many Americans are wondering if the money they handed over ( unwillingly most of the time ) is even doing any good .
The outrage from last September ’s Paulson 3 page $ 700 billion memo seems to have subsided .
From that time however , the bailouts have gotten bigger and are following the unfortunate same trend .
That is why foreclosures are still rocketing up .
We ’ve committed some $ 13 trillion in bailouts , enough to pay off every single mortgage in the United States , yet here we are still with massive foreclosures slamming the housing market lower while more and more Americans lose their jobs .
Over the past few days there have been people voicing that the “ recession is over ” although much of this glow hides the darker reality and many fail to address where the jobs will be coming from .
Even if the recession is over soon , we are not going to have housing bouncing back .
Even if the recession is over , credit will never be as accessible as it was during the bubble .
If anything , it will be a tepid recovery that will only register a green color on the GDP but for most people , unemployment will still be surging , wages will be stagnant or falling , and housing will continue to face massive foreclosures .
So those claiming the recession is over are usually the Wall Street cheerleaders who have never looked out for the average American and are obsessed with turbo capitalism .
I received a few e-mails even after highlighting price issues in Culver City and Palms which are good areas and some of these people are jumping into the market .
In some of the e-mails , these people are able to understand my argument regarding the Alt - A and option ARM tsunami that is on the horizon yet have decided to jump in .
It is rather amazing .
As of today , if you want the best rates you need good credit and a sizable down payment of 20 percent .
You can get by with pristine credit and 10 percent down but this will not get you the best rates .
So take for example a $ 500,000 home in Culver City .
The argument I have presented is this range of the market will be hit in the next couple of years with a 10 to 15 percent decline and this home will drop to $ 450,000 or less .
So there goes that 10 percent down payment .
Yet the mentality of the current buyer has tinges of the same delusion of the buyer which bought into the bubble .
“ I know I may over pay a bit , but in 5 to 7 years prices will go up and we ’ll have sizable equity . ”
You sure about that ?
Japan has seen stagnant real estate for two decades .
Sure they have very different demographics but real estate bubbles can linger for years .
Many that bought in Southern California are back to prices that we ’ve seen 7 years ago :
So there goes those 7 years .
But wait .
You notice how all counties have started creeping up recently ?
Welcome to phase two of the housing bubble bust .
The eye of the hurricane mini rally .
First , much of the distortion in the median price is based on the fact that mid to higher priced areas are lowering prices and moving inventory .
Therefore , we now have a bigger sample of higher priced homes moving creating a momentum for a higher regional median price .
But overall prices are still falling if we look at the Case - Shiller Index which looks at same home resales :
The trend is clearly still heading lower although at a much slower pace .
Some try to spin this as a major shift from the cliff diving we were experiencing .
Well of course it had to abate .
At the rate we were going the stock market was going to zero and housing prices would be free in a few years .
That was clearly not realistic .
But now , we are trying to link actual value with economic fundamentals .
That is the current battle .
After a decade of a major real estate bubble , there is still much distortion in the system .
Yet the fact is , the median price did go up last month .
If you understand why , you have a better grasp of the market and will avoid jumping into the pit right before the Alt - A and option ARM problems slam California .
It looks like I ’m not alone in this camp now :
“ ( Bloomberg ) Payment - option adjustable rate mortgages will contribute to higher defaults , said Rick Sharga , executive vice president of RealtyTrac .
Option ARMs allow borrowers to pay less than the interest they owe each month , tacking on the difference to their total debt and creating the potential for bigger bills in the future .
About three quarters of those loans will adjust to require higher payments next year and in 2011 , with the peak coming in August 2011 when about 54,000 loans recast , according to data from First American CoreLogic of Santa Ana , California . ”
Last year I gave 10 reason why California would not see a housing bottom until 2011 .
Those factors are still in play .
Last month , 45 percent of all homes sold in Southern California were foreclosure resales .
This is off the 56 percent peak but still incredibly high .
And it will remain high if you know where to look .
We have a massive wave of pent up foreclosures that will hit late this year and into 2010 :
The lull we are experiencing right now has to do with a few combined forces :
(a) The moratorium from last year has created a sense that things did get better .
This filtered to the market and many on the fence are now buying .
( b) Prices have fallen 40 to 50 percent across the Southland and people are now jumping back in .
( c) A large part of the subprime problems have cleaned out giving the impression we are closer to the end .
They fail to look at the second phase which includes the Alt - A and option ARM tsunami which is much larger than the subprime issues .
And I think this is probably one point that is being overlooked .
During the bubble everyone and their mother , father , pets , and broke family members qualified to purchase a home .
It was pure insanity .
When people look back at this time in history they will say , “ California entered a collective delusion and paid $ 500,000 for wooden shacks giving loans to everyone and anyone . ”
That part of the market is gone .
And we can look at the California homeownership rate and you will see the bubble disappearing :
But I would argue that the bubble started earlier in the 1990s with the technology boom .
So we went from one mega bubble to another .
This is a key factor that is missed .
Most assume we ’ll go back to 2000 levels which eliminates the real estate bubble and that is that .
Yet they forget that much of the holdover from the tech bubble was mixed in with this current real estate bubble .
Either way , those that are buying in mid to higher priced areas are taking a gigantic risk and going against all data that I am seeing .
I stand by my bottom call of 2011 .
One of the reasons is also the horrific employment situation :
The BLS offered us a statewide look at the U - 6 measure of unemployment for states recently .
From the second quarter of 2008 to the first quarter of 2009 the California U - 3 rate ( headline ) came in at 8.3 percent .
The more broader measure which looks at unemployed and underemployed was at 15.6 percent .
So with this ratio , which plays out nationally as well we were able to reconstruct the above graph .
As of now , California has a U - 6 rate of over 21 percent .
And this is obvious .
With 200,000 + state workers being furloughed and many others being laid off , the actual employment situation is worse than the headline states .
Those getting hours cut are still considered fully employed but their buying power clearly is much weaker .
You cannot have a healthy economy with this kind of weak employment numbers .
Now if we look at the recent runup in sales for SoCal , you will notice we are far from the bubble days and keep in mind for the past few months approximately half of all sales were foreclosure resales :
When you really look at the data , things will get much worse for housing .
And with the Alt - A and option ARM problems just around the corner , those buying in California are once again speculating .
Did You Enjoy The Post ? Subscribe to Dr. Housing Bubble ’s
Blog to get updated housing commentary , analysis , and information .
READER COMMENTS ON
" Village Voice : Palin Attorney Swings and Misses on ' HouseGate ' Scandal Questions "
( 26 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... another joe said on 7/7/2009 @ 2:56 pm PT ...
GIVE 'EM HELL , BRAD !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The sheer mass of wingnut trolls and apologists that showed up here and all over the bloggosphere to attack anyone that even questions why a Governor would unexpectedly step down is utterly amazing .
And the fact that little johnny mclame put her on his presidential ticket makes discussing her inability to maintain commitments to the citizens of Alaska even more compelling .
You have them running scared - when a bunch of weirdos show up here , posting under a variety of different names , and making insane proclaimations and threats , they know that this is potential scandal of MAMMOTH proportions .
Please keep posting updates and following this story .
If the trolls keep showing up , please consider it additional truth that you are doing the citizens of this nation an OUTSTANDING SERVICE !
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Plumber said on 7/7/2009 @ 3:08 pm PT ...
Did n't the FBI refute it ?
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... another joe said on 7/7/2009 @ 3:21 pm PT ...
Plumber - fbi does not speak for every other agency in the federal government such as IRS , DOJ , etc . .
And it is highly unusual for them to categorically deny something like this .
Just the fact that the lying liars in the mainstream media and folks like you proclaim that a scoop by the rag - sheet la times should end all dialog means that someone is trying to cover up something VERY BIG !
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 7/7/2009 @ 3:25 pm PT ...
Comment # 2... Plumber
Have you ever considered that it may not be an FBI investigation ?
Have you even considered that the FBI may not want to comprimise their current investigation by revealing that investigation ( if they are investigating ) ?
Have you considered that it may indeed be a State law enforcement investigation ?
Just a few of things to ponder ...
By the way ... why has n't Sarah Palin filed her lawsuit yet ?
the blogosphere has n't stop reporting on the iceberg story ; hell more sites are reporting it now .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... DES said on 7/7/2009 @ 3:31 pm PT ...
The FBI refuted nothing , Plumber --- they simply stated “ Sarah Palin is not the subject of an FBI investigation ” .
Which is interesting since it looks like no one ever said the FBI was investigating .
Also , the FBI is not the only federal agency that conducts investigations .
There are also state agencies that investigate corruption as well .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Axey said on 7/7/2009 @ 4:01 pm PT ...
Sarah Palin attorney Thomas Van Flein spent his July 4 in Fairbanks , Alaska , issuing a four - page statement warning news organizations not to investigate allegations printed by the Voice last October .
Starting off on a bad note , since nowhere in the letter does Van Flein warn anyone not to investigate allegations .
In fact , he invites investigation by offering tidbits on where to look .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Plumber said on 7/7/2009 @ 4:20 pm PT ...
And it is highly unusual for them to categorically deny something like this .
I agree completely .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Plumber said on 7/7/2009 @ 4:23 pm PT ...
BlueHawk , I 'm still waiting for you to address the malice issue in Sullivan .
That 's okay , but it truly changes the playing field and not recognizing that could mean trouble for a lot of people .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... DES said on 7/7/2009 @ 4:31 pm PT ...
Eh , starting off on a bad note yourself , there , Axey --- nowhere in the letter does Van Flein say or even imply that he " invite[s ] investigation " , so , " in fact " , you inferred that .
Also , you 're quoting Will Barret 's characterization of Van Flein 's letter as excerpted in the Village Voice , not Brad .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Axey said on 7/7/2009 @ 4:41 pm PT ...
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... DES said on 7/7/2009 @ 4:31 pm PT ... I 'm aware the quote was from Barrett .
In fact , I followed the link and read the entire post .
And yes , the attorney invites investigation when he says " basic journalism and fact checking would confirm this " .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 7/7/2009 @ 5:17 pm PT ...
Comment # 8 ... Plumber ...
The verbatim Sullivan vs New York Times 1964 libel case ;
The opinion by the SCOTUS written by Justice Brennan is as follows ...
If you want to wade through the whole opinion it 's here ...
http://caselaw.lp.findla...mp;vol=376&invol=254
" Cases which impose liability for erroneous reports of the political conduct of officials reflect the obsolete doctrine that the governed must not criticize their governors .
. . .
The interest of the public here outweighs the interest of appellant or any other individual .
The protection of the public requires not merely discussion , but information .
Political conduct and views which some respectable people approve , and others condemn , are constantly imputed to Congressmen .
Errors of fact , particularly in regard to a man 's mental states and processes , are inevitable .
. . .
Whatever is added to the field of libel is taken from the field of free debate . "
13 According to SCOTUS Shannyne Moore or any other journalist have first amendment protection in reporting the news .
If that news is found to be in error then they can retract , but it 's not libel .
The SCOTUS valued the free flow of ideas and public discourse over shackling that free flow with libel ... in short Govt.
officials can't sue if something is n't factual .
They have the same medium to get the facts out .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... DES said on 7/7/2009 @ 5:37 pm PT ...
To further BlueHawk 's point , the Supreme Court defined ' actual malice ' quite specifically : " Held : A State cannot , under the First and Fourteenth Amendments , award damages to a public official for defamatory falsehood relating to his official conduct unless he proves " actual malice " -- that the statement was made with knowledge of its falsity or with reckless disregard of whether it was true or false .
...
( c) Factual error , content defamatory of official reputation , or both , are insufficient to warrant an award of damages for false statements unless " actual malice " -- knowledge that statements are false or in reckless disregard of the truth -- is alleged and proved . "
Moore said there were rumors of an investigation .
It would be difficult for Palin 's attorney to prove that there were no rumors of investigations .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Plumber said on 7/7/2009 @ 6:55 pm PT ...
BlueHawk , I 've read the opinion .
You continue to avoid this :
The court thus sustained the trial court 's instruction as a correct statement of the law , saying : " In such a case the occasion gives rise to a privilege , qualified to this extent : any one claiming to be defamed by the communication must show actual malice or go remediless .
This privilege extends to a great variety of subjects , and includes matters of [ 376 U.S. 254 , 282 ] public concern , public men , and candidates for office . "
78 Kan. , at 723 , 98 P. , at 285 .
When there is intentional malice as there clearly was in the Moore report , there is a remedy and that remedy is money .
That is the absolute guts of the decision .
Moore was n't reporting news .
News is factual .
Her report was a malicious rumor designed to hurt Palin .
It reminds me Jason Leopold 's scoop about Rove being " frogmarched from the white house " in 24 " business " hours .
So at the least this is not a cakewalk for Ms. Moore .
You and she may relish the opportunity to be sued , but if Palin decides to proceed it will be a costly one .
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Plumber said on 7/7/2009 @ 7:45 pm PT ...
Des ,
You may be right , but if I were Moore I would n't be quite that smug tonite .
I suspect she is not the only one .
I 'd say there certainly was " reckless disregard " for the truth that was repeated many other places , including here .
But good luck with it .
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 7/7/2009 @ 7:54 pm PT ...
When there is intentional malice as there clearly was in the Moore report
What the hell are you talking about , Plumber ?
What " malice " ??
If you do n't know who Shannyn is , she 's also the one who debunked the so - called Palin book - ban list , and other such myths .
I appreciate that you and the Palin protecorate have an agenda here , Plumber .
But if you could avoid simply making stuff up outta thin air , in hopes of pushing it , it'd be greatly appreciated .
Thanks !
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 7/7/2009 @ 8:56 pm PT ...
So Plumber ...
Do you actually think Sarah Palin can PROVE to a court that Shannyne Moore was motivated by malice ?
good luck wid dat ...
With malice comes tangible INJURY ... unless Sarah Palin can demonstrate injury above and beyond what any other elected official endures then she has NO CASE .
I 've used the example of Bill Clinton before ... right wing media outright accused Bill Clinton of murder .
They did it for years regularly .
I can't think of any elected officials who endured the lies , smears and MALICE of some in the media ( right wingers ) .
Yet they never sued or even threatened a lawsuit .
Both were lawyers educated at the best institutions , yet they did n't sue ... ask yourself ; why ?
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Gos said on 7/8/2009 @ 12:34 am PT ...
YEAH WHO CARES ABOUT THIS PARTISAN CRAP ?
sUP WITH HONDURAS BRAD ?
SUP WITH CYNTHIA MCKINNEY ?
ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Axey said on 7/8/2009 @ 9:57 am PT ...
ask yourself ; why ?
They killed Vince Foster ?
I keed , I joke .
Run over to the newest thread .
I mentioned you .
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... DES said on 7/8/2009 @ 10:16 am PT ...
Sorry that our discussion of the subtler points of constitutional law is boring to you , Gos !
I think the sticking point , Plumber , seems to be the definition of ' malice ' in the Sullivan case .
Brennan makes a point in that decision to clarify the definition of ' actual malice ' as distinct from the common usage of ' malice ' , the intent to cause harm .
Common malice is difficult to prove because it involves proving a person 's state of mind at a given moment .
Brennan acknowledged the subjectivity of this , and so clarified with the logic that a person who would say or publish something they know to be untrue must have malicious intent , thereby arriving at the legal , provable definition of ' actual malice ' .
The first test here , as I understand it , is that the information must first be untrue , and then and only then does the second test --- the legal definition of ' actual malice ' --- come into play : the person must then have known that the information was untrue at the time of publication , or had reckless disregard for finding out if it was true .
In the case of rumors of an investigation from an unknown entity , the plaintiff would have to prove that there were no rumors , not that there was no investigation , as that is what Moore and Brad actually said .
If it was twisted or conflated from ' rumors of an investigation ' to just ' an investigation ' by others as it spread across the internet , then the plaintiff would likely have to seek relief from those other entities for getting the quotes wrong .
The last test that would have to be proved to satisfy Sullivan , I believe , is that the plaintiff must prove actual damages , and prove the amount being sought as well .
As Palin announced her resignation from office in that rambling speech prior to Moore 's statements , the plaintiff would likely then have the difficult task of proving that it was Moore 's specific statements that were the cause of any subsequent damage to Palin 's reputation , rather than Palin 's speech or any stories about her in the media prior or subsequent to Moore 's July 3rd statements .
It 's my understanding that all three of those tests must be simultaneously answered in the affirmative to satisfy Sullivan .
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 7/8/2009 @ 2:20 pm PT ...
Comment # 19 ... Des Well said ...
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... woemstac said on 7/8/2009 @ 2:49 pm PT ...
What will happen if it turns out Palin really is being investigated by someone other than the FBI , but they conclude no wrongdoing ?
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Mustafa said on 7/9/2009 @ 7:09 am PT ...
It was the LA Times that broke Uncle Ted 's scandal in 2003 , it was the LA Times that broke the story of organized crime in Alaska in 1974 .
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... DES said on 7/9/2009 @ 11:57 am PT ...
woemstac @ # 21 said :
What will happen if it turns out Palin really is being investigated by someone other than the FBI , but they conclude no wrongdoing ?
My guess would be ... nothing .
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... tomandlou said on 7/11/2009 @ 8:22 pm PT ...
Seems to me it would be very easy to investigate .
Discover how many windows , railing glass , fixtures etc that match the fixtures in the home against those used in the complex .
If the sum of both adds up to the amount ordered for the complex .
I guess that would answer a lot of questions ( or generate a lot of questions .
Just speculating .
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Deeper Voice said on 7/19/2009 @ 6:03 am PT ...
My guess would be ... nothing as well .
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... deeper voice said on 9/15/2009 @ 6:58 am PT ...
The scheme follows complaints from pedestrians walking along the seafront
Mobile cameras used to snare speeding cyclists on Bournemouth seafront stopped 69 people in four days .
Riders were caught out travelling above the 10 mph speed limit during the operation and were given safety advice .
The initiative was launched to warn cyclists of the dangers of reaching high speeds during the tourist season .
Bournemouth Borough Council joined forces with Dorset Police as part of the operation , which took place over four days in June .
Council rangers were armed with cameras and patrolled the promenade , however wet weather meant few cyclists were around during two days .
Summer restrictions
Charmaine Andrews , seafront development officer , said : " We received a large number of positive comments regarding this safety initiative and hope that it has raised awareness amongst cyclists of the dangers of speeding on the seafront , to both themselves and pedestrians .
" We want to encourage cyclists to use the seafront , but we want them to take care in doing so and watch their speed . "
In July and August , cyclists are only allowed to ride on the promenade before 1000 BST and after 1800 BST .
Anyone caught outside of these times faces a fine of up to £ 1,000 .
That gave me the chills
white whale of chills
medical explanation
The Eye of The World
The Wheel of Time
Chill with a capital " C "
The expression is a fairly common one , but it is also often overused to note a scary or creepy moment . " " is however , not necessarily a negative .
The kind of chill I am talking about in this post is the rare and illusive one , the .
It strikes like lightning when the reading is so good your brain has no other way to express its pleasure ; when the intensity of the scene demands a physical reaction that you refuse to produce because you do n't even want to blink for fear of missing the next word .
Chills , to me , are the ultimate stamp on great writing .
I can count the major Chills I have had on one hand , and still remember the scenes I was reading when they occurred .
I have googled high and low , and have been unable to find anyfor the phenomenon .
My first Chill that I can remember came from reading the story of Manetheren ( starts at p. 111 ) in , the first book ofby Robert Jordan .
Even rereading it now brings on secondary chills , like the aftershock of some great earthquake .
Now , I can't even be sure that Chills are a generalized occurrence , they could in all honesty just be some rare chemical reaction that is unique to my physiognomy .
They feel like someone strummed a cord in my brain -- it starts out sharp and intense , and spreads throughout the body , diminishing in pitch until your are tingling everywhere .
That , as best as I can describe it , is the .
I obviously know what other physical occurrence this sounds similar to , and it is indeed similar in some respects , but they are worlds apart .
Now , if I am totally off my mark here , I apologize for sharing the peculiar workings of my brain .
I am , however , incredibly curious to see if any of you have experienced a Chill before , and if you remember what scene brought it to life .
Obviously , a Chill is context specific and , in a lot of cases , highly personal , so do n't feel pressured to share if you do n't want to .
If you are interested though , leave a comment briefly describing the feeling and the scene , or go ahead and share it with your readers on your own blog ( but let me know so I can link to it ) .
Déjà vu alert : Betsy McCaughey is pushing misinformation about health care legislation in Congress again .
Back in 1994 , McCaughey wrote a New Republic article that popularized the false claim that people would not be able to purchase health care services outside the Clinton administration 's proposed system of managed competition .
The premise was that she had read the entire 1300 + page bill and discovered this coercive requirement , but she failed to mention the provision stating that " Nothing in this Act shall be construed as prohibiting ... [ a ] n individual from purchasing any health care services . "
( Incredibly , her article won a National Magazine Award and she went on to become lieutenant governor of New York . )
It 's hard to understate the damage that McCaughey 's article inflicted on the Clinton health care plan .
The next week , former TNR editor Michael Kinsley slammed McCaughey 's piece in his own column in the magazine , and subsequent reporting by James Fallows and Mickey Kaus showed it to be riddled with a number of false and misleading claims .
By then , however , her claims had been repeated and disseminated throughout the national media .
Hendrik Hertzberg , a former TNR editor now at The New Yorker , told me in previous reporting that " No Exit " was " the low point in the magazine 's history since it stopped being sympathetic to the Soviet Union " and Fallows recently nominated her for " Most destructive effect on public discourse by a single person " during the 1990s .
For all of these reasons , it 's disturbing to see McCaughey being given airtime on CNBC to promote new misinformation about the Democratic health care plan being developed in Congress .
In this case , as Media Matters reports , she 's falsely claiming that " the Democratic legislation pushes Americans into low - budget plans . "
And again , she 's using the gimmick of pushing strained interpretations of specific provisions in the legislation ( " That 's Section 3101 " ) while ignoring other provisions that directly undercut her arguments ( " No individual shall be compelled to enroll in a qualified health plan or to participate in a Gateway " ) .
Earlier this year , McCaughey tried the same close - reading gimmick with the stimulus bill , falsely claiming to have discovered that it will create " [ a ] new bureaucracy , the National Coordinator of Health Information Technology [ that ] will monitor treatments to make sure your doctor is doing what the federal government deems appropriate and cost effective , " leading to " rationing " for seniors .
How many times will we let McCaughey get away with this ?
It 's time to cast her out of public discourse and shame anyone who gives attention to her claims .
Update 6/19 9:40 AM : McCaughey has an op -ed in the Wall Street Journal making the same false claim .
Under the Kennedy bill , she writes , " you must enroll in a ' qualified ' plan or face a fine even if you and your employer are paying the entire cost of the plan you already have ( section 161 ) . "
Again , the provision described above , which states that " No individual shall be compelled to enroll in a qualified health plan or to participate in a Gateway , " is omitted .
As TNR 's Jonathan Cohn writes , " She has forfeited the right to be taken seriously , particularly when it comes to health care . "
Between 2003 and 2007 , the progress made in the 1990s and early 2000s in improving teen contraceptive use and reducing teen pregnancy and childbearing stalled , and may even have reversed among certain groups of teens , according to “ Changing Behavior Risk for Pregnancy Among High School Students in the United States , 1991 – 2007 , ” by John S. Santelli et al .
Between 1991 and 2003 , teens ’ condom use increased while their use of no contraceptive method declined , leading to a decreased risk of pregnancy and to declines in teen pregnancy and childbearing .
These new findings paint a very different picture since 2003 .
Using data from young women in grades 9 –12 who participated in the Youth Risk Behavior Survey , the authors estimated teens ’ risk of becoming pregnant based on their sexual activity , the contraceptive method they used and the effectiveness of that method in preventing pregnancy .
The authors found no change in teen sexual activity between 2003 and 2007 , but did find a small decline in contraceptive use .
“ After major improvements in teen contraceptive use in the 1990s and early 2000s , which led to significant declines in teen pregnancy , it is disheartening to see a reversal of such a positive trend , ” says lead author John Santelli , M.D. , chair of the Heilbrunn Department of Population and Family Health at Columbia University Mailman School of Public Health and Guttmacher Institute senior fellow .
“ Teens are still having sex , but it appears many are not taking the necessary steps to protect themselves from unwanted pregnancy or sexually transmitted infections . ”
Our previous research has shown that contraceptive use was a key factor in reducing teen pregnancy rates in the 1990s , despite little significant change in teen sexual activity .
The authors suggest that the recent decline in teen contraceptive use since 2003 could be the result of faltering HIV prevention efforts among youth , or of more than a decade of abstinence - only - until - marriage sex education that does not mention contraception unless it is to disparage its use and effectiveness .
This reversal in contraceptive use is consistent with increases in the teen birth rate in 2006 and 2007 as reported by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) , and may well portend further increases in teen pregnancies and births in 2008 .
The authors recommend reinvigorated efforts at both the state and national levels to promote contraceptive use among teens through medically accurate sex education and increased access to health services , to effectively address the problem of teen pregnancy .
The Western European experience in reducing teen pregnancy and childbearing — with rates that are far lower than in the United States — suggests that efforts to improve teen contraceptive use are warranted .
Click here for the full article , “ Changing Behavior Risk for Pregnancy Among High School Students in the United States , 1991 ¬ –2007 , ” by John S. Santelli , Mark Orr , Laura D. Lindberg and Daniela C. Diaz , published in the July 2009 issue of the Journal of Adolescent Health .
A second man has died of pneumonic plague in a remote part of north - west China where a town of more than 10,000 people has been sealed off .
The 37 - year - old victim was a neighbour of the first person to die from the plague , a herdsman aged 32 in Ziketan in Xinghai in Qinghai Province .
The sparsely populated area is mostly inhabited by Tibetans .
Pneumonic plague , which attacks the lungs , can spread from person to person or from animals to people .
PLAGUE Bubonic plague is spread by flea bites or contact with infected animals Pneumonic plague , caused by the same bacterium , can spread between humans Pneumonic plague , affecting the lungs , can kill within 24 hours Almost all cases curable if diagnosed in time
Medical notes : Plague
Is plague still a killer ?
A spokeswoman for the World Health Organization , Vivian Tan , said an outbreak such as this was always a concern , but praised the Chinese for reacting quickly and for getting the situation under control .
A BBC correspondent in Beijing , Michael Bristow , says that unlike in the past the authorities are being very open about this outbreak .
Local officials in north - western China have told the BBC that the situation is under control , and that schools and offices are open as usual .
But to prevent the plague spreading , the authorities have sealed off Ziketan , which has some 10,000 residents .
About 10 other people inside the town have so far contracted the disease , according to state media .
No -one is being allowed leave the area , and the authorities are trying to track down people who had contact with the men who died .
FROM BBC WORLD SERVICE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service Initial symptoms of pneumonic plague include fever , headache and shortness of breath .
The local health bureau has warned anyone with a cough or fever who has visited the town since mid-July to seek medical treatment .
Outbreak anticipated Health officials in Qinghai have been concerned about pneumonic plague for some time .
In February , they said they had sent out 55 teams across the province to help monitor and control the disease .
One Chinese media report said this was the third outbreak of the disease in Qinghai within the last 10 years .
It looks like the authorities have got the situation under control
Vivian Tan
WHO spokeswoman in China According to the WHO , pneumonic plague is the most virulent and least common form of plague .
It is caused by the same bacteria that occur in bubonic plague - the Black Death that killed an estimated 25 million people in Europe during the Middle Ages .
But while bubonic plague is usually transmitted by flea bites and can be treated with antibiotics , pneumonic plague is easier to contract and if untreated , has a very high case - fatality ratio .
The WHO was informed on Saturday of the outbreak but has not been asked for help .
" When it comes to outbreaks of the plague it 's always quite worrying , but it looks like the authorities have got the situation under control , " said WHO spokeswoman Vivian Tan .
" This area is quite remote and the population is very small so this should make it easier to contain . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
From the Someone Left the Irony On Department , John Ziegler gets arrested by security guards outside USC ’s Annenberg School of Journalism for committing … er … journalism .
He wanted to ask people attending their ceremony honoring Katie Couric with their Walter Cronkite Award for Excellence in Journalism about the award , and the Annenberg School of Journalism apparently objected to … er … journalism .
Watch the whole video , as John provides a good running commentary :
Link :
When will Reporters Without Borders lodge a protest against the Annenberg School of Journalism for having journalists arrested ?
Would Walter Cronkite have approved of police locking up reporters for merely covering an event and walking on property that is very obviously open to the public in doing so ?
The Annenberg School of Journalism … teaching journalists how to stonewall and intimidate … journalists .
( NaturalNews )
The United States of America is devolving into medical fascism and
Massachusetts is leading the way with the passage of a new bill ,
the " Pandemic Response Bill " 2028 , reportedly just passed
by the MA state Senate and now awaiting approval in the House .
This
bill suspends virtually all Constitutional rights of Massachusetts
citizens and forces anyone " suspected " of being infected
to submit to interrogations , " decontaminations " and vaccines .
It ’s also sets
fines up to $ 1,000 per day for anyone who refuses to submit to quarantines ,
vaccinations , decontamination efforts or to follow any other verbal
order by virtually any state - licensed law enforcement or medical
personnel .
You
can read the text yourself here .
Here ’s some
of the language contained in the bill :
( Violation
of 4th Amendment : Illegal search and seizure )
During either
type of declared emergency , a local public health authority … may
exercise authority … to require the owner or occupier of premises
to permit entry into and investigation of the premises ; to close ,
direct , and compel the evacuation of , or to decontaminate or cause
to be decontaminated any building or facility ; to destroy any material ;
to restrict or prohibit assemblages of persons ;
( Violation
of 14th Amendment ; illegal arrest without a warrant )
… an officer
authorized to serve criminal process may arrest without a warrant
any person whom the officer has probable cause to believe has violated
an order given to effectuate the purposes of this subsection and
shall use reasonable diligence to enforce such order .
[ Gunpoint ]
( Government
price controls )
The attorney
general , in consultation with the office of consumer affairs and
business regulation , and upon the declaration by the governor that
a supply emergency exists , shall take appropriate action to ensure
that no person shall sell a product or service that is at a price
that unreasonably exceeds the price charged before the emergency .
Read
the rest of the article
August
29 , 2009
The Best of Mike Adams
This article is more than 15 years old
This article is more than 15 years old
A leading Israeli doctor and medical ethicist has called for the prosecution of doctors responsible for thousands of unauthorised and often illegal experiments on small children and geriatric and psychiatric patients in Israeli hospitals .
An investigation by the government watchdog , the state comptroller , has revealed that researchers in 10 public hospitals administered drugs , carried out unauthorised genetic testing or undertook painful surgery on patients unable to give informed consent or without obtaining health ministry approval .
At one hospital , staff pierced children 's eardrums to apply an experimental medication yet to be approved in any country .
At another , patients with senile dementia had their thumbprints applied to consent forms for experimental drugs .
Israel 's health minister , Dan Naveh , said he was " shocked " at what he described as a failure of his department and some of Israel 's hospitals .
Dr Jacques Michel , the former director of Hadassah hos pital who triggered the comptroller 's inquiry with a public warning about the abuses in 2001 , yesterday called for the prosecution of the doctors .
" These doctors should be punished very severely because they really are criminals , " said Dr Michel , who is head of the committee that approves medical experimentation at Hadassah , which is not among the accused hospitals .
" They should be stripped of their licences to practise and they should be prosecuted .
If you do n't show by example that the medical profession does not accept this kind of conduct the phenomenon will go on and on .
" It 's not an isolated phenomenon .
It spread through different institutions . "
The state comptroller , Eliezer Goldberg , found that patients were often not properly informed about the experiments they were agreeing to and , in some cases , not told at all .
Every Israeli hospital has a medical ethics committee to oversee adherence to the 1964 Helsinki code on experimentation .
But the comptroller said the committees routinely failed to apply their own regulations and that the health ministry was negligent in enforcing standards .
Mr Goldberg described a series of incidents at Harzfeld geriatric hospital as " extremely grave " , including the cases of a 101 - year - old woman and another aged 91 who supposedly consented to experimental drugs without their families being informed .
Researchers applied the thumbprints of seven other patients at Harzfeld to consent forms that they were too senile to read or sign .
" At this age , 25 - 30 % of these people are not fit to give informed consent because they suffer from dementia or senility , " said Dr Michel .
In other cases , doctors were unable to produce the consent forms they said that patients had signed although the law requires researchers to keep the documents for 15 years .
Kaplan hospital conducted painful clinical trials on patients to draw urine samples by needle , a procedure normally reserved for extreme circumstances .
The comptroller found that 40 % of the patients who signed consent forms - five of them with a fingerprint - were mentally unfit to do so .
Mr Goldberg said two women died from infections , but their deaths were not reported to the ministry nor was a legally required investigation committee set up .
The comptroller said that in some cases the deaths of patients who were part of clinical trials were not immediately reported , which undermined attempts to establish whether the experiments were to blame .
Dr Michel believes some doctors bowed to incentives from pharmaceutical firms to test experimental drugs .
" I do n't have to explain the enormous power of the pharmaceutical industry to direct research according to its priorities , " he said .
Mr Goldberg described how one researcher was also the medical director of a company that initiated the clinical trial he was responsible for .
The health ministry said it has already taken steps to tighten supervision following the comptroller 's report .
Race preparation is the hardest .
Not the training , which Van Deren does eagerly , but the packing .
In stopping the seizures , her mind , otherwise sharp and unaffected , was robbed of part of its memory and organizational skills .
Her dining room table is covered with gear .
She divides it into carefully marked bags that will await her at various aid stations , sometimes 40 miles apart , along the next course .
Which bag needs a headlamp ?
Sunblock ?
Extra outerwear ?
Van Deren can no longer read maps .
Telling her to go five miles , turn left , then right , then left is a confusing algorithm .
She rarely runs a race without a wrong turn .
“ Everyone knows not to follow me now , ” she said .
Gerber , who works at Craig Hospital , a rehabilitation hospital in Englewood , Colo. , for people with brain or spinal - cord injuries , said that Van Deren “ can go hours and hours and have no idea how long it ’s been . ”
Her mind carries little dread for how far she is from the finish .
She does not track her pace , even in training .
Her gauge is the sound of her feet on the trail .
“ It ’s a kinesthetic melody that she hits , ” Gerber said .
“ And when she hits it , she knows she ’s running well . ”
Her family and friends offer full support .
Still , they worry .
“ I ’m just terrified we ’re going to lose her , ” said Barb Page , executive director of the Craig Hospital Foundation .
Running was always the self - prescribed antidote to seizures .
When Van Deren felt an aura , a tingling sensation that signaled an upcoming seizure , she would lace her running shoes and go out the door .
She never had a seizure while running .
I just started freelancing in 2018 .
Today , everyone needs a website to find new customers , so I was also looking how I can have an own website .
For me it was very important that it is affordable .
I got offers from agencies for several thousand Euros , but that was just too expensive .
I tried out different services and found hPage to be the best one .
- Friedrich K. , Freelancer
Google has released a simple , BASIC - like programming language called , well , Simple .
However , while the original BASIC language implementation was created as an educational tool to teach programming , Simple is intended for developing Android applications .
" Bringing an easy to learn and use language to the mobile world and the Android platform is the goal of the Simple project , " said Google 's Herbert Czymontek .
" Simple is a BASIC dialect for developing Android applications .
Simple allows programmers to quickly write Android applications by using the components supplied by its runtime system . "
According to Google , Simple programs are form definitions ( which contain components ) and code ( which contains the program logic ) .
The interaction between the components and the program logic happens through events triggered by the components .
The program logic consists of event handlers which contain code reacting to the events .
Simple is available for Linux , Mac , and Windows .
The source code for the implementation is freely available , along with sample applications .
A tutorial on how to build Simple and write applications is available here .
It is worth noting that Simple is still a work in progress .
We chat with Carrie Preston about her initial impression of Arlene and when she felt like she " clicked " with the character , filming the first ...
Margaret is it just me or did combing your hair become optional when going out in public ?
I ’ve been watching news clips of these town hall free - for - alls and we have definitely become a nation of tired , poor , and huddled masses clearly tempest - tossed , but without access to a good beauty salon .
Universal Hygiene – now that is something I could get behind .
And all of them are asking for their America back .
I wonder which America that would be ?
Would that be the America where the Supreme Court picks your president instead of counting all the votes ?
Would that be the America where rights to privacy are ignored ?
Would that be the America where the Vice President shoots his best friend in the face ?
Or would that be the America where an idiot from Alaska and a college drop - out with a radio show could become the torchbearers for the now illiterate Republican party ?
I fear that would not be the America they want back .
I fear that the America they want back is the one where black men do n’t become President .
I remember that America .
In that America people screaming at public gatherings were called out for what they were – an angry mob .
Of course , they wore sheets to cover up their bad hair .
Let ’s be clear about something : if you show up to a town hall meeting with a gun strapped to your leg , the point you are trying to make is n’t a good one .
Fear never produced anything worthwhile .
And what ’s all this crap about killing your grandmother ?
Are you people honestly that stupid ?
This has become less an argument about healthcare reform and more a statement about our failed education system .
Margaret , I do n’t know what plans you ’ve made up there with Howard , but down here with Harold , we have living wills to determine how we will leave this world when the time comes .
Mine states that unless the feeding tube is large enough for a piece of pie , I do n’t want to be hooked up to it .
Harold , of course , says his can only be connected to him if the other end is connected to a bottle of single malt scotch .
Now shame on me for making a joke about a serious subject , but if these morons are going to show up and scream at their elected officials , they need to educate themselves about the subject at hand .
No one is planning on killing you or your grandmother with rationed healthcare or death squads .
By the looks of the American citizenry turning out for these town hall meetings , we ’re doing a fine job of killing ourselves with fast food , cigarettes and an overindulgence of ignorance .
The Founding Fathers could n’t have seen this coming .
If they had , the right to free speech would have been conditional upon one ’s ability to read .
But the Founding Fathers did n’t plan on the likes of Palin , Cheney and Limbaugh .
I too long for the America I remember as a child , Margaret .
The one where men used guns to hunt quail and women visited a beauty salon at least once a week .
Oh , those were the days .
I wish we had them back .
I mean it .
Really .
HONG KONG , China ( CNN ) -- China moved closer to its goal of 8 percent annual growth , as the nation recorded a record jump in foreign currency reserves .
In Hong Kong on June 1 , the stock market finishes day with four 8s , a lucky number in China .
China 's foreign exchange reserves hit a record $ 2.13 trillion at the end of June , according to the People 's Bank of China .
The world 's largest holder of foreign cash -- mostly U.S. treasury bills -- China 's reserves grew by nearly $ 180 billion last quarter -- $ 42.1 billion alone in the month of June , a $ 30 billion increase from same time period last year
Separately , the Chinese economy grew by 7.1 percent so far this year ; the nation 's GDP grew 7.9 percent alone in the April to June quarter .
That 's close to the government 's target rate of 8 percent -- an auspicious number in Chinese culture .
" It does n't surprise me because it does have such a strong cultural significance and it was indeed a target they have set in the past in the 1990s , " said Frederic Neumann , senior Asia economist for HSBC .
" Whenever the economy is in trouble then the government reiterates this as a particular growth goal .
Remember confidence and perception plays a big role in macroeconomic management . "
Eight percent also is a key rate in order to preserve " social order " -- which in China means jobs , economists say .
" Eight percent means job creation .
And while the Chinese economy is in better shape than many other parts of the world , China does n't have a social safety net , " said Dong Tao , economist for Credit Suisse .
" So job creation is absolutely critical .
What China really needs is to create enough jobs to keep its society calm . "
Some analysts are worried the economy is being propped by its $ 585 billion stimulus package .
" If you look at very narrow indicators , it looks quite good .
Real estate prices are going up , ( the ) stock market is shooting up , " said Peking University 's Michael Pettis , an expert on China 's financial markets .
" Growth is much higher than expected but then when you try to figure out why all of that happened , you become very , very nervous . "
Particularly troubling for some is the record rate of lending in China , which some market watchers fear could fuel speculation and create asset bubbles .
Lending for the first half of the year in China was 7.4 trillion yuan ( US $ 1 trillion ) .
CNN 's Eunice Yoon and Emily Chang contributed to this report
All About China • Business • Economic Issues
Disaster flicks ?
Rom-coms ?
Aliens , vampires , boy wizards and big - budget thrillers ?
Over !
2009 , loves , is the summer of the high - fashion film - no other cinematic experience will cut the mustard .
From Coco Avant Chanel ( the dramatisation of Coco Chanel 's life , pre-fashion , starring Audrey Tautou ) to Sacha Baron Cohen 's Bruno ; from haute couture doc Valentino : The Last Emperor to The September Issue - a fab behind - the - scener based on the day - to - day business of US Vogue - cinema is devoting itself to this most glorious , escapist , decadent and bonkers of sub-cultures .
In anticipation of a summer of fash flicks , Observer Woman will now address a selection of the myths associated with the industry .
We 're basing our insights on multiple viewings of Absolutely Fabulous - although a few of us have actually toiled at the coalface of real - life fash mags in our time , but we do n't like to talk about it much .
It makes us a bit ... twitchy .
1 . Do fashion people prefer babies or handbags ?
Fashion people enjoy babies as an occasional alternative to handbags .
They 're both arm candy ; and there are pros and cons for each .
A handbag has a practical application ( carrying shit around ) but will ultimately go out of style ( unless it 's a Hermès Birkin - and who has the time for the two - year wait list ? )
A baby wo n't go out of style ( probably ) , but people take a dim view if you try and return one because it 's not as pretty as you first thought .
( Unlike handbags , babies can look good at first , but evolve into ugly pre-schoolers overnight and with absolutely no warning . )
Adopting one - as Sacha BC's Bruno does ( see picture , above ) - has obvious benefits .
You can vet for pretty at the point of purchase ; you can also assume that the good karma acquired in the adopting process will help to offset the bad karma you generated while peddling unattainable and unrealistic standards of beauty to the world at large .
If it 's black , well , tant mieux !
You can do as Bruno did and give it " a traditional African name [ like ] OJ " .
Babies come into their own - as far as fashion 's concerned - if they grow up to be leggy , coltish beauties in the style of Carine " French Vogue " Roitfeld 's daughter Julia Restoin - Roitfeld ; and Anna " US Vogue " Wintour 's daughter Bea Schaffer .
At that point they provide their mothers with fabulous walkers , the kind of red - carpet accoutrement you know will be an asset to you ; that 'll look ravishing , be better behaved than any ghastly heterosexual - male option ever could , and remind everyone how pretty their mother was in her youth .
Fashion offspring also provide their steely power parent with a suggestion of softness .
Anna Wintour , when asked to name her weakness , said ( after minimal hesitation , and with molto sincerity - you know , for her ) : " My children . "
2. Fashion people only speak in hyperbole
There is a lot of hyperbole in fashion ( absolutely definitely more than there is in any other industry you can possibly dream of , ever ) , but hyperbole is the province of the low - ranking fashion person .
The further up the ranks you climb , the more subdued your language becomes .
At a certain point , you become too grand to enthuse .
Ultimately you 'll be too grand to even speak .
From then on you communicate only through ironically arched eyebrows , displeased huffs and impatient snorts .
No one 's gonna be able to read much in your eyes , because they 'll be cold , flinty and glazed , as if you 're quite , quite bored - by everything and everybody .
3 . Do fashion people have enormous clothing allowances ?
According to CBS 's Sixty Minutes on Anna Wintour ( which ran last month in the US ; extracts may be glimpsed online ) , the editor of US Vogue scores something like $ 200,000 a year in clothing stipend from Vogue 's publishing company .
Assuming this is true , it is also exceptional .
Most of fashion does n't get free money to spend on frocks , sadly .
However , what fashion people do have is an insanely evolved capacity to blag .
Freebies , discounts , access to top - secret sample sales , personal orders direct from designers who'll give them stuff at cost , the " lend " of a piece to wear to a glitzy do , gifts in exchange for an in - mag mention etc .
Wheeling and dealing with discounts and long - term loans , the strategic " loss " of the odd sample , a thriving eBay profile ... that , friends , is how fashion people ( who are not , historically , paid more than your average child chimney sweep ) look so good .
Non-fashion people might mistake this sort of behaviour for dubious , in the style of the great politicians ' expenses scandal , but that 's because they are Non Fashion , so Do n't Get It .
Furthermore , they do n't count .
4 . Are all fashion people scathing , judgmental , power - crazed bitches ?
Well - duh !
Why else would one bother ?
Fashion 's like the most horrible time anyone ever had at school , only with good hair and better shoes .
If it did n't lock people out - make them feel excluded , fat and passé - then it would n't work .
How else do you inspire people to keep buying new clothes when the ones they own are in perfectly good working order ?
The aim for fashion people is to be the most scathing , judgmental , power - crazed bitch in the room .
When everyone is scared of you , bravo !
You 've won .
To quote Bruno : " Naomi Campbell inspires me - despite all ze pressure of 25 years at ze top , she has n't changed a bit und has remained a total bitch . "
Anna Wintour is also worth invoking at this juncture .
She instils mega - fear in everyone by loading neutral statements with damning overtones , thus : " Stefano .
I take it you 're not really ... [ ominous pause , sardonic tilting of teeny tiny lady head ] feeling colour this season ? "
5 . Do fashion people eat ?
No - but they do drink coffee .
How else to keep one 's metabolism racing at breakneck speed , and one 's brutal , snappy attitude at optimal fierceness ?
To wit : Anna Wintour is rarely seen without a Starbucks coffee cup within easy reach .
The Miranda Priestly character in The Devil Wears Prada - who was not based on Wintour , incidentally ; where ever did you hear that ?
- says , on discovering her assistant has not brought her latte : " Is there some reason my coffee is n't here ?
Has she ... died or something ? "
Caffeine buzz is the fashion - approved high .
6. Fashion people are shallow and intellectually redundant .
They 're responsible for the dumbing and the slimming - down of popular culture .
They 're evil
... Sorry .
Er , what ?
I got distracted by a ... skirt and ... OMG , look !
A fatty in Balmain !
How extraordinary .
Are n't there laws against that ?
So .
Have we met ?
I do n't recall .
And I kinda see where you were going with your look , but ... it does n't ...
Does it ?
No !
Now , I must ... [ OW drifts off to talk to someone more important ] .
WASHINGTON - To reduce fraud and discrimination , a federal system to verify that workers are U.S. citizens or legal immigrants must use biometrics such as fingerprints or iris scans , experts told a Senate panel Tuesday .
The current E - Verify system , which checks employee - eligibility forms against records in the Social Security and Homeland Security databases , can be easily thwarted by illegal immigrants who steal or are given someone else 's identity , experts said .
The only way to stop that kind of fraud is to focus on a person 's unique physical characteristics to identify them , said James Ziglar , former commissioner of the U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service and a senior fellow at the Migration Policy Institute .
The two most reliable ways to identify people are by scans of their fingerprints or irises or , ideally , both , Ziglar told the immigration subcommittee of the Senate Judiciary Committee .
" In my opinion , it would border on irresponsible not to seriously analyze the possibility of incorporating a biometric identification and verification module into the E - Verify system , " Ziglar said .
In most parts of the country , use of E - Verify is voluntary .
In Arizona , employers must check the eligibility of potential workers as part of the state 's employer - sanctions law .
Sen. Chuck Schumer , D - N.Y. , who chairs the immigration subcommittee , has begun pushing for what he called " a non-forgeable identification system " that relies on biometrics .
" This is the only way to stop future waves of illegal immigration , " said Schumer , who is writing a comprehensive immigration - reform bill that he hopes to introduce this year .
He has said his plan would increase border security and create a path to legalization for the estimated 12 million illegal immigrants living in the country .
The panel 's senior Republican , Sen. John Cornyn of Texas , said a reliable nationwide verification system should be the foundation of any bill aimed at comprehensive immigration reform .
" We 've got to get this right in order to have a crack at any reform program , " he said .
A report released this week by the Migration Policy Institute acknowledged some disadvantages to a biometric system , while still saying it is the surest way to prevent identity fraud .
Among the disadvantages : cost .
Employers would have to buy scanning hardware or hire companies to perform the services for them .
" Such issues could result in increased incentives for small employers not to use the system , " says the report , which was written by the institute 's Doris Meissner and Marc Rosenblum .
The greatest concerns would be political and philosophical , the report says .
" Many Americans . . . will object to providing the government with their fingerprints or other biometrics beyond a photo , " the report says .
President Obama 's attempt to reform the US healthcare system is one of the most ambitious and complicated legislative efforts Washington has seen in decades .
At the same time , the national debate over the effort has become so loud and confusing that ordinary voters may have trouble figuring out what 's really going on .
With members of Congress on break , now may be a good time to try to sort out fact from assumption .
So for all those who do n't have time to read the thousands of pages of proposed legislation , or listen to hours of C - Span debate , here is a quick summary of the legislative basics :
Health insurance :
You 'd have to have it .
Perhaps the centerpiece of both House and Senate efforts is a requirement that individuals obtain health insurance , or pay a penalty to the government .
The analogy is inexact , but health insurance might become more like auto insurance : something you are supposed to have to participate in national society .
For those who have coverage now , this would be no big deal .
But for some segments of the population , it could force a radical change in behavior .
So all you twenty - somethings who have long figured you do n't need health insurance , take note :
That approach might be out the window .
But the Feds might help you pay for it .
Health insurance is expensive , so if the government is going to require that you buy it , Washington should subsidize those who cannot afford it .
That is the thinking behind the subsidy portion of the effort .
Both House and Senate efforts contain subsidy provisions .
The House bill would help support housholds earning up to 400 percent of the poverty level , or about $ 88,000 .
That cap may end up being lower in the Senate version of the legislation , to help pare the bill 's cost .
Your employer might have to help out .
Employers would also have to kick in and help their workers get health coverage –under the House plan and one of the two draft Senate bills .
They would have to foot the bill for 60 to 65 percent of the cost of family health premiums .
Small businesses probably would be exempt from this provision , though the definition of " small " remains up in the air .
The House , for example , excuses employers with a payroll smaller than $ 500,000 from this mandate .
Uncle Sam might get into the insurance business .
Or not .
One of the biggest disputes surrouding health reform is whether there needs to be a public health - insurance plan , to provide competition to private insurers and cover people in areas that have few health - insurance options .
Of course , Washington is already in the health coverage business , in a big way .
Between Medicare and Medicaid , the US government accounts for some 25 percent of all health spending in the country .
And Medicaid , the program that covers low - income and disabled Americans , would get larger under both House and Senate reform bills .
The House , for instance , would enlarge Medicaid to cover households that earn less than 133 percent of the federal poverty level .
The House would also set up a government - run plan that anyone could buy into , if they want – the so - called " public option . "
But this is controversial with many Republicans , who see it as the leading edge of greater government control in healthcare .
Thus the Senate is considering a consumer - run insurance cooperative as an option .
So that 's it – the bare - bones guide to health reform 's structure .
These changes raise as many questions as they answer , of course .
Would current insurance stay the same ?
Would Medicare be affected ?
Would Washington ration heathcare ?
All important subjects – and possible topics for further stories .
Login : Password : Remember Me Register Blogs >>
Piotr 's Blog
Created : Friday , July 17 2009 09:58.44 CDT
Modified : Friday , July 17 2009 10:36.19 CDT
Printer Friendly ...
Some news on Aslan and BLOG issues Author : Piotr # Views : 7844
For those who are interested :
The OPENRCE FEED reader seems to be not working correctly and posts from my original blog ( outside one ) are imported to OPENRCE usually with long delay .
I have noticed Pedram about it but this issue stays unresolved .
I have recently updated my website with few articles and a little update for Aslan 4514N .
If anyone is interested here is my current blog :
http://blog.piotrbania.com
And here you can subscribe :
http://blog.piotrbania.com/feeds/posts/default
Some short post about Aslan and its new feature is available here :
http://blog.piotrbania.com/2009/07/aslan-4514n-binary-code-integrator.html
peace
Blog Comments PeterFerrie Posted : Friday , July 17 2009 10:59.39 CDT
Integration of C code into executables was done by herm1t in his Crimea virus for Linux .
ELF is far more complicated than PE .
Do n't bother . ;-)
Piotr Posted : Friday , July 17 2009 11:59.11 CDT
AFAIK ELF integration / injection is also already supported by the ERESI project as well .
So i do n't see any reason to add this to Aslan .
Besides regarding the Crimea virus , i would like to see how it handles FPU / SSE instructions - as far as i know it was based on XDE and this engine was unable to disassemble such instructions .
Not to mention some of its bugs like SIB decoding ( AFAIR ) etc .
Finally will i bother with adding ELF support or not is entirely my decision not yours , so do n't bother giving me yours life advices . ;-)
Orr Posted : Saturday , July 18 2009 08:11.52 CDT very good work piotr ! ;)
for peter : question is how a scanner will be able to deal with a virus using victim 's own APIs ?
PeterFerrie Posted : Saturday , July 18 2009 15:14.02 CDT
Piotr : you misunderstood me .
I meant " do n't bother with Aslan " because it has all been done before , by Zombie for PE , and herm1t for ELF .
No matter how good your engine is , we 'll still only think of you as the second man on the moon .
btw what possible purpose could Aslan serve ?
Orr : it was done already by Drill .
It was no problem for us to detect it .
BanMe Posted : Saturday , July 18 2009 18:10.26 CDT
Thats considerably disturbing ..
thats " nice " that z0 mbie and herm1t did it ..
you lack foresight and a unquenchable thirst for knowledge that is what I find disturbing ..
But I find it Disgusting , that you would say " do n't bother with ' your project name here ' " that is the apitemy of why " other " communities have died .. the idea that " it 's already been done " so why " redo it " is not something I think should be said to anyone let alone someone who contributes " publicly " there research and knowledge ..
regards BanMe
Piotr Posted : Saturday , July 18 2009 20:33.04 CDT
PeterFerrie :
Oh please , perhaps we should all stick to grab people 's antidebugging methods , write another " Anti-Unpacker Tricks " issue and sign it with ours name ?
Where is the innovation in that ?
Once more as long as i consider Aslan as knowledge i will continue it and if you have nothing useful to add / comment please limit your ego to bash others on your private site or mmpc blog .
EDITO :
EDITO : P.S I do n't see any reason to continue this useless discussion , i believe OPENRCE.ORG is not a place for flame wars besides flame wars do not interest me at all ( and in fact they never did ) .
I was with OPENRCE from the start and i think i have contributed enough to this site .
Whenever readers like my stuff or not is up to them to decide , i am always open to criticism as long as it is constructive .
Right now i am going to enjoy my holidays , i respect my freetime so goodbye all and be safe .
PeterFerrie Posted : Sunday , July 19 2009 22:33.28 CDT
BanMe :
> you lack foresight and a unquenchable thirst for knowledge that is what I find disturbing ..
And you base this on what ?
> But I find it Disgusting , that you would say " do n't bother with ' your project name here ' "
That is not what I said .
What I find disgusting is this on Piotr 's site : " do you want to compile a rootkit inside of yours ndis.sys ? "
Is Aslan intended for malicious purposes ?
What else would anyone do with it ?
Is OpenRCE any place for such a thing ?
> perhaps we should all stick to grab people 's antidebugging methods , write another " Anti-Unpacker Tricks " issue and sign it with ours name ?
I gave credit to all techniques that were not mine , however we are talking about you not me .
> Once more as long as i consider Aslan as knowledge i will continue it and if you have nothing useful to add / comment
But this is my useful comment .
If Aslan is intended to be malicious , then it is my duty to try to discourage you in that effort .
Piotr Posted : Monday , July 20 2009 02:57.12 CDT
Dear PeterFerrie ,
> What I find disgusting is this on Piotr 's site : " do you want to compile a
> rootkit inside of yours ndis.sys ? "
> Is Aslan intended for malicious purposes ?
What else would anyone do with it ?
I need to clarify something here .
As updated Aslan website says and one of the comment on my blog in reply to dELTA message Aslan can be used in variety of legal purposes :
- partially it is used in PE protection software which i am currently doing for one of companies
- sometimes we use it in pentest to bypass AV protection
- it can be used in extending original applications which are not updated anymore of course as long as it does not violate the copyrights
Of course it can be still used for malicious purposes , thats why i am not releasing it .
Moreover i have made a bet with couple of persons that you will be the first person to throw stones even if no code is released , not really surprisingly i won .
> Is OpenRCE any place for such a thing ?
Oh , really ?
Let me quote :
" OpenRCE aims to serve as a centralized resource for reverse engineers ( currently heavily win32/ security / malcode biased ) by hosting files , blogs , forums articles and more . "
Besides I am afraid you have n't contributed much to this site so your demands look at least ridiculous .
Now regarding the ' rootkit ' word :
Almost every year in BlackHat agenda ( also multiple other conferences ) there are few talks when people present rootkits .
This year as far as i remember Dino is presenting a MacOS rootkit , Travis Goodspeed is presenting a rootkit too , Erez Metula too , Alexander Tereshkin , Rafal Wojtczuk , Peter Kleissner too - and few others also [ 1 ] .
Moreover not so long ago Immunity presented a linux rootkit which comes with complete source code [ 2 ] not to mention Greg has a nice rootkit collection on his site [ 3 ] .
I do n't find it disgusting but what about you ?
Why your sense of duty have suddenly disappeared ?
Does it work only on selected persons ?
Why you have n't complained to them , how big hypocrite does it make you ?
Besides original Aslan website with the ' rootkit ' word is online since 2006 , i bet you have seen it multiple times already and suddenly today you found it disgusting , * sweet Jesus * .
> I gave credit to all techniques that were not mine , however we are talking
> about you not me .
Oh really ?
But how come you are using tricks from the persons who you found " disgusting " and moreover you are also making money from it ?
Ohh and wait , those unpacking tricks can be also used in evil purposes , right ?
Do n't bother to answer it was kinda rethorical question .
So i am afraid we are talking about you here too .
Of course not to mention you once said you are not going to credit virus writers [ 5 ] .
> But this is my useful comment .
If Aslan is intended to be malicious , then it > is my duty to try to discourage you in that effort .
Look upper lines about you being a hypocrite .
I made a big effort to read some of yours articles today and also some posts written by you on the mmpc blog together will old symantec ones .
In almost everyone of them you are trying to bash people , claiming how big your brain is and how small is theirs ( of course mostly except the posts about roygbiv - somehow :) ) .
You are trying to pose like a justice servant with your shiny little badge of lieutenant Columbo , dangling a plastic water gun in front of your monitor .
If you are thinking i am breaking the law spreading malicious software just sue me otherwise please cut the crap .
P.S
And if a person who writes such things publicly [ 4 ] on the corporate blog , bragging about his undercover investigation names me as " disgusting " then i really feel relieved .
Despite of your technical skills i feel sad for you , i may be young and stupid and that may be my explanation but for your lack of good - taste and bragging about things like that there is none .
One thing is certain , all the underground / hacker people should now beware , you never know from which toilet mr .
Ferrie undercover investigation will jump out from .
Since you have been spreading your envy and bane for few long years already i do n't think anything i say will change you behaviour .
Some people feed on looking for scandals and that 's the way it is .
Therefore i see no point with arguing / talking with you - i have already said enough .
Cum tacent , clamant .
with no regards ,
Piotr Bania
[ 1 ] - http://www.blackhat.com/html/bh-usa-09/bh-usa-09-speakers.html
[ 2 ] - http://www.immunitysec.com/downloads/linux_rootkit_source.tbz2
[ 3 ] - http://www.rootkit.com
[ 4 ] - http://blogs.technet.com/mmpc/archive/2009/02/17/we-read-their-forums-too.aspx
[ 5 ] - http://seclists.org/fulldisclosure/2006/Oct/0370.html
wtbw Posted : Monday , July 20 2009 03:41.34 CDT
C'mon guys .
There are many reasons to do projects other than being the first , both for one 's self and for the community ; and we all have to make decisions about how and what we publish based on what we think is right .
There are too few of us doing this sort of research ... let 's stick together and try to respect each other even if our often unusual social styles rub a bit ;-)
" Anybody can press a button and blow a ship up , anybody can use an atom bomb , anybody can pick up a big whip and whip you , anybody can stick a knife into you , anybody can pull a trigger ... but where 's the man with the character as can take a punch on the nose and keep his temper and keep control of himself ? "
Piotr Posted : Monday , July 20 2009 04:37.02 CDT wtbw :
I honestly do n't care which number do i have , as long as i find things that i do interesting .
This is true that the idea of PE / ELF integration was developed earlier , but i have only claimed i am the first to introduce two PE file welding together with additional import repairing and support for FPU / SSE instructions .
It 's hard to get on with mr .
Ferrie since in my humble opinion he commented this blog entry only to create another plastic scandal ( Aslan itself is not even a rootkit btw . ) - and if you will read his work you will find he did it multiple times .
And it is just as i said when people are publishing rootkits on conferences or they are published by security companies he suddenly disappears .
This thing and also many others i have already mentioned make him the one of the biggest hypocrite ever .
It 's like they say : " no matter how much do you earn or where you work as long as you see the same pig in your mirror " .
MohammadHosein Posted : Monday , July 20 2009 15:09.59 CDT
What I find disgusting is this on Piotr 's site : " do you want to compile a rootkit inside of yours ndis.sys ? "
Is Aslan intended for malicious purposes ?
What else would anyone do with it ?
Is OpenRCE any place for such a thing ?
But this is my useful comment .
If Aslan is intended to be malicious , then it is my duty to try to discourage you in that effort .
so basically what you find disgusting is just another way to mount a Rootkit ?
and you probably think this is nessecarily a malicious activity ?
what 's even more funnier is that you are telling us you have a " duty " to let openrce community know this is not a place for such stuff ?
Rootkits are not necessarily malwares and ideas or tools to develop stuff what that nature are not necessarily malicious .
you are in no position to make judgment on people 's intentions .
here , i'm not talking about the technical aspects of this story , since Piotr did that himself .
what i'm talking about is the other thing .
" duty " .
sounded very much relegious to me .
please be aware that , according to Pedram , OpenRCE is modeled on the architecture of Rootkit.com the very same site hosting all sorts of codes and tricks related to Rootkits and Greg is a respected member of this Community .
your history in anti av probably had effects on your position against technical research and development .
i strongly suggest you to think on that .
at the end of the day , nothing is wrong with putting a rootkit on ndis.sys .
using that to steal someone 's money is wrong , according to law .
gangsters use guns and you have constitutional right to own one to defend yourself and nobody has a " duty " to sue the weapon manufacture company .
take a look at the hiring ad section of openrce .
half the people , maybe more , active in RCE environment working for some law enforcement or defense contractors .
we all know the deal .
maybe you dont ?
BanMe Posted : Monday , July 20 2009 18:43.28 CDT
bah I contributed to a senseless war , this is not how we should act .. nor should I be the one to say ' how anyone " should " act ' , but we lose sight of what we all do and forge barriers between people that " could 've " been freinds with this and other " flame " wars .. and each has to have their own say .
we are always granted that , but it is the " saying of it " that should be tempered and given thought to before just typing it out .
I quote Cli3nt again ...
" Peace & Code "
PeterFerrie : ' you base this on what '
Simple and constructive as possible .
Someone who has these things would n't discourage someone else in pursuit of there own interests , just to say its been done before .. of course its been done before ... Microsoft ( all rights denied ) prolly did it before all of us ..so.. why bother programming or asking why ?
Because that is part of the fundementals of being human .. think of us as ' old ' kids .
Asking why over and over .. and you might not get entangled in such heated response :D
kind regards ,
BanMe
PeterFerrie Posted : Tuesday , July 21 2009 15:26.13 CDT >
Of course it can be still used for malicious purposes , thats why i am not releasing it .
So we are discussing a product that we will never see ?
> i have made a bet with couple of persons that you will be the first person to throw stones even if no code is released
I am not the first one to suggest that you stop work on it .
Surely you remember this ?
http://omeg.pl/dump/OpenRCE.htm
" Cancel Aslan , apologize for releasing Garaa , and go back to work on vulnerabilities " .
I did n't write any of that ( apart from the stuff that they quoted from the Tigraa article ) .
> how come you are using tricks from the persons who you found " disgusting " and moreover you are also making money from it ?
You started by saying that I stole the tricks , which I refuted , so now you 're attacking me for something else ?
Please decide .
I did n't say anything about the people whose tricks I described .
You 're trying to put words into my mouth .
> those unpacking tricks can be also used in evil purposes , right ?
Yes , but in that case , the disclosure takes away the element of surprise .
We now know the tricks , so we can defend against the tricks , even before we see them .
> I made a big effort to read some of yours articles today ...
> In almost everyone of them you are trying to bash people , claiming how big your brain is and how small is theirs
They are virus writers , so by definition their brain is already smaller than mine . ;-)
> ( of course mostly except the posts about roygbiv - somehow :) ) .
:-)
He has fewer bugs than most , but I still make fun of him .
herm1t has even fewer bugs and I have n't even made fun of him at all yet .
Do you suggest that I am him ?
That would be equally silly .
> i have already said enough
And yet you keep talking ...
It sounds like you need that holiday .
Perhaps it will help you to calm down .
MohammadHosein :
> you are telling us you have a " duty " to let openrce community know this is not a place for such stuff ?
I did n't say that .
I said that it 's my duty to try to discourage [ Piotr ] in that effort .
I did n't say anything about OpenRCE .
I merely asked if this is the place for such a thing .
> " duty " .
sounded very much relegious to me
Yes , it is that .
Read my articles , read my blog entries , you 'll see that it 's a theme with me .
Piotr can say what he likes ( " I 'm going to write this " ) , I can say what I like ( " please do n't do that " ) , but no - one should be trying to tell me that I can't say it .
AbelianGrape Posted : Wednesday , July 22 2009 01:53.05 CDT
Why does Peter Ferrie continually dodge the question as to why he does n't apply the same standard to those who publish rootkits at major security conferences ?
gnukish Posted : Thursday , July 23 2009 03:44.47 CDT
wow , i think we 've gotta throw some cold water on to you guys ... relax ! :)
AbelianGrape Posted : Friday , July 24 2009 04:21.35 CDT
No gnukish , the issue goes deeper than this .
When evaluating another human being , one of the central questions that I ask is " is this person consistent " .
Given that Peter Ferrie gave a presentation at BlackHat publicly regarding someone else 's rootkit research , and did not take the opportunity to bash that person for producing a rootkit at all , it would seem that his current position is contradictory , in fact hypocritical .
I am waiting for a clarification from Peter Ferrie .
If I do n't get one , I must forever decide that Peter Ferrie is in fact a hypocrite , and I would encourage all readers of sound mind to reach the same conclusion .
PeterFerrie Posted : Friday , July 24 2009 13:59.50 CDT
I have n't been dodging the question , I have been ignoring it .
You took something that I did not say , and made it the core of your complaint against me .
Or , more specifically , Piotr took something that I did not say , and you embarass yourself by blindly copying him .
Remedial reading classes for both of you .
Perhaps you 'll learn to be more polite while you 're there . ;-)
BanMe Posted : Friday , July 24 2009 14:31.33 CDT ewww ..
using a attack vector to passivly attack another .. absolutly disgusting .. shows on which level you range from .. this also shows you are not any different then any other ' person ' .
so caught up in the world of your want 's and needs , that you neglect your own advice .. marvelous self - deprecation .. ;p
AbelianGrape not only presented a valid ' varaint ' point .
Then you chose to ' dodge ' the meat of the question and mount a counter attack ..
I find it sickening that this is what we are still .
Just 3 ~ 4 yr olds on a playground spitting anger driven remarks back and forth at each other ..
also maybe you should take the ' remedial reading ' class and learn more word associations .. cause in my book dodging and ignoring are the same thing ...
' BanMe from this world of pettiecoats and turncoats . '
and the quote by ferrie ' they are virus writers of course there brain is smaller then mine ..' arrogance is a slippery slope my friend ;)
BanMe
sovietskicpu Posted : Friday , July 24 2009 19:35.40 CDT
Hey mister Ferrie you seem in big troubles here , do n't you ?
You are getting shot by everyone in every word they are saying do n't you feel the heat yet ?
I feel you are somehow hated and things are conducted against your person : Peter Ferrie .
I mean : they used to hate you before anyway , and now , after your comments about Bania 's work they are just hating you a bit more hehe ...
Now , frankly speaking , personnally I do n't give a damn about the potential malicious usage of Bania 's work .
I even encourage the malicious usage of his findings ... you know why ?
Simply there is no damn RELIGION in our AV BUSINESS !!
I have more to tell : may GOD
Bless all those Rootkits , worms , virii and craps makers all around the world !!
you know why ?
if there were no viruses and no virii writers then how would you bought your car (s ) and house (s ) ?
if there were no virii writers how would Symantec existed then ?
would Peter Ferrie existed also ?
Or may be you would have been working in walt disney with the rest of us : doing toy researches hehe :)
Mister Ferrie , I am in your side , I mean I am also paying my bills by doing AV " homeworks " :)
However , I do respect my enemies , I even do like them because they are maintaining my life up .
I understand you can't officially respect virii writers , however as a minimum , you owe them some diplomacy for every dollar (s ) you had won , can you please ?
bubbles Posted : Friday , July 24 2009 20:59.51 CDT
From my perspective it looks rather like Ferrie is jealous for Piotr recent research ( and i do n't mean only Aslan here but also excellent articles he released recently ) .
It looks like another Ferrie 's frenzied attempt to discredit Piotr .
I think Peter Ferrie got stuck in the elevator with ' his ' unpacking tricks and lost creativity .
Oh noez :( ^H^H^H^H. Peter Ferrie
I hope you stopped spending nights in the company , perhaps you are just tired ?
Nevertheless you shot your own feet with your comments .
Can a mod just delete this thread already ?
It 's going nowhere !
msuiche Posted : Tuesday , August 4 2009 08:27.36 CDT
I would like to thanks every contributor of this thread .
I really enjoyed the reading .
Cheers ,
sohlow Posted : Saturday , August 15 2009 15:37.41 CDT peterferrie -> i < 3 you
cli4fun Posted : Tuesday , September 1 2009 01:19.42 CDT
I would say , if its public , every " noob " can use it , this forces the AV do a better job .
I believe that if he did it , and its a problem for new " malware " heuristics then ...
What about the " bad teams " out there ?
The black market ?
The true " malwares " that we know that can't be detected by AV 's because it have " specific " targets , its not spread to the world ...
I 'm with Mr. Ferrier that , every " good " boy here , could make your efforts in something that he thinks is " good " , that is , " good " for him and others , more " good " than " bad " at least : P , that 's enough .
But I 'm with Piotr because hes making it " public " .
If it was a real threat , and he a " bad " boy , he would never make it so public like hes doing right know ...
I do n't know either Fer. or Pi .
That 's a simple post , would be very stupid make conclusions about just , it .
But , as I 'm new to this stuff of " low level stuff " , i say thanks anyway for such thing , not because the almost flamewar ( flamewar > 100 replies most the times hehe ) i have discovered more people involved in this scene ...
Some mentioned the ERESI , I 'm curious ...
Why they decreased the commits to the tree ?
I saw a very low access rate on the project page , and it is considered a " complex " soft , what i would think that require updates really often ...
Seems to have few open source projects on that stuff , i hope it do n't end up being no more maintained ;/
mayhem Posted : Thursday , November 19 2009 01:39.12 CST
Piotr is right to mention that ERESI already supports the feature of injecting C code to an executable .
I originally wrote this code in 2003 and documented it in an article published in phrack # 61 called " THe Cerberus ELF interface " .
A cool feature also was the ability to work on PaX machines .
Since that time , we ported the feature for a couple of architectures , but at this point , it was all just for fun .
I dont think those techniques implemented in ELFsh need any specific maintaining .
They just work .
As for ERESI in general , we are sorry not to provide much update for a couple of months .
We are all very busy and there are time when you just cant feed a family by writing free software .
It doesnt mean that the project is dead , but in the absence of contributors , I dont see how the project could grow more for now .
Many motivated students worked on interfacing eresi with virtual machines and make it capable of using the GDB / JTAG protocol to debug embedded systems .
We havent advertized much that work but its there and working if you know where to look at in the SVN .
Beside this , if you are interested in coding in eresi , just let us know and we will surely tell you how you can help .
-m
Nintendo of America President Reggie Fils - Aime hopes to expand the Wii's third - party library with games targeting serious players , according to an article published today in the Wall Street Journal .
Currently , 55 % of the Wii's library consists of games from outside publishers .
Fils - Aime wants to push that number up to 70 % , the library ratio for their handheld device , the Nintendo DS .
Nintendo is also seeking to diversify its library , in an effort to woo " core " video game players .
" In order to achieve high levels of sales of hardware , we need all genres in the market , " Fils - Aime tells the Journal .
The Wii has developed a reputation -- deemed false by Nintendo -- as a console benefitting only first - party games , not outside publishers .
As the Journal points out , the top - selling game is Wii Play , with 10.7 million copies moving in the U.S. Meanwhile , the top - selling third party title is Guitar Hero III : Legends of Rock , which sold 2.9 million .
As for a price cut on the $ 250 console , Fils - Aime says the company has no plans to do so , saying good software will excite consumers in the long - term .
Readers , what do you think of the Wii 's third - party library ?
By Brett Molina
Photo : The Wii ( Nintendo )
Based on the original comic strip Boondocks , Two young brothers ( Huey and Riley ) move away from their birth city to live with their irascible grandfather out in the suburbs .
With one brother being socially and politically motivated and the younger brother a stereotypical black youth who likes rap music and culture etc
Biting socio-political commentary ensues when they meet a whole cast of crazy exaggerated characters set in a mainly white middle upper class neighbourhood .
Written by Anonymous
Taser guns discharge 50,000 volts
A man in Western Australia was engulfed in flames when police officers fired a Taser stun gun at him .
Police say they used the Taser on Ronald Mitchell , 36 , when he ran at them carrying a container of petrol and a cigarette lighter .
They said that Mr Mitchell , who lives in a remote Aboriginal community , had been sniffing petrol .
They suggested the cigarette lighter started the fire .
Mr Mitchell is in a critical condition in hospital with third degree burns .
Bare hands Western Australia Police say they went to the community of Warburton , about 1,500 km ( 950 miles ) north - east of Perth , in response to a complaint .
They say they used the Taser on Mr Mitchell when he came out of the house and ran at them .
He burst into flames .
One officer pushed him to the ground and smothered the fire with his bare hands , police said .
Mr Mitchell 's sister told The Australian newspaper that her brother had been sniffing petrol .
" He must have put petrol on his face , then the policeman shot him with the Taser , that 's when the flames happened , " she said .
Police Commissioner Karl O'Callaghan said Mr Mitchell was a known violent offender , and defended the police officers ' deployment of the Taser .
He told reporters : " The only other choice they would have had is to use a police - issue firearm , and the consequences would almost certainly have been far more grave . "
He said the police internal affairs department would investigate the incident , saying there was " a very strong possibility that the fire was caused by the lighter in the hand of the offender " .
Review call Mr Mitchell was charged with assault to prevent arrest and possession of a sniffing substance .
Dennis Eggington , of the Aboriginal Legal Service of Western Australia , called for an urgent review of Taser use .
Aboriginal people , he said , were often in poor health , which made them particularly vulnerable to stun weapons .
A Taser works by firing two barbs which penetrate the skin and discharge 50,000 volts along two copper wires attached to the gun .
Amnesty International has called them " potentially lethal " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A fox looks for food along the edge of a farmer 's field in a file photo .
REUTERS / Andy Clark
BERLIN ( Reuters ) - A fox has been unmasked as the mystery thief of more than 100 shoes in the small western German town of Foehren , authorities said Friday .
A forest worker stumbled upon shoes strewn near the fox ’s den and found a trove of footwear down the hole which had recently been stolen overnight from outside locals ’ front doors .
“ There was everything from ladies ’ shoes to trainers , ” said a local police spokesman .
“ We ’ve found between 110 and 120 so far .
It seems a vixen stole them for her cubs to play with . ”
Although many were missing laces , the shoes were in good condition and their owners were delighted to reclaim them , he said , adding that no reprisals were planned against the culprit .
Editor 's note : Peter Bregman is chief executive of Bregman Partners Inc. , a global management consulting firm , and the author of " Point B : A Short Guide to Leading a Big Change " .
He writes a weekly column , How We Work , for HarvardBusiness.org .
Peter Bregman says you can't make your luck , but you can control how you 'll react to what happens .
NEW YORK ( CNN ) --
There is a Buddhist story about a poor farmer whose one horse ran away .
All his neighbors came to him in sympathy , saying " What bad luck ! "
" Maybe , " he responded .
The next day the horse returned with several other wild horses .
" What great luck ! " his neighbors exclaimed .
" Maybe , " he responded .
A few days later the farmer 's son was trying to tame one of the wild horses when he was thrown off and broke his leg .
" What terrible luck ! " his neighbors said .
" Maybe , " he responded .
A week later the army came through the village to draft all the young men but seeing the broken leg of the farmer 's son , they left him in peace .
" What wonderful luck ! " the neighbors said .
" Maybe , " the farmer responded .
And so it goes .
My life is a series of lucky accidents strung together starting from the moment of my conception .
I was a diaphragm baby .
In college I was planning to go into politics .
Then in the spring of my junior year the bicycle trip I had planned to go on was cancelled because the leader broke her arm .
So instead I went on a camping trip and it changed my life .
I soon gave up politics and began teaching leadership on wilderness expeditions .
And on one of those expeditions I met the woman who would eventually become my wife .
Later I built a successful company teaching leadership with lots of employees and several offices around the world .
Then , as luck would have it , my company crashed along with the economy and the Twin Towers .
It turns out , after some introspection and a solid dose of therapy , that I was n't enjoying the business the way I had built it the first time .
So I rebuilt it in a much smaller , sustainable and fulfilling way .
While I might not have been happy about it at the time , each turn of luck was a catalyst that brought me closer to the life that I 'm happily living now .
Often we operate with the impression that we are in control of our lives .
I remember long conversations with my wife , Eleanor , about exactly when we should have our second child .
Two miscarriages later we realized it was n't up to us .
And when Sophia eventually came , we knew that any time would have been the right time .
Some strokes of luck are small .
Maybe you enjoy a conversation with someone new .
Maybe you read a poem that happened to be sitting on someone 's desk .
Maybe you bump into the car in front of you .
Only years later can you see how fundamentally that moment may have changed your life .
Some strokes of luck are big and you know at the time they will change your life .
Maybe you win $ 10 million with a lottery ticket you did n't even know you had , as recently happened to a woman in Australia .
Maybe you lose your job .
What we do n't know is how those things will change our lives .
All the research points to how poor we are at predicting how we 'll feel about something once it happens to us .
Lottery winners are no happier than before .
Paraplegics are no less happy .
And there 's something I 've been noticing about people who have lost their jobs recently .
They seem happier .
Relieved , almost .
Not everyone .
But in many cases , the fear of losing your job is worse than losing your job .
I know a large number of employed people who are miserable on two counts :
They hate their jobs and they 're afraid of losing them .
They 're scared and stuck .
But once you lose your job you can move on .
Daniel Gilbert , professor of psychology at Harvard University , explained this phenomenon in a recent New York Times article , " What You Don't Know Makes You Nervous . "
" When we get bad news we weep for a while , and then get busy making the best of it .
We change our behavior , we change our attitudes .
...
An uncertain future leaves us stranded in an unhappy present with nothing to do but wait . "
So when your luck changes , what should you do about it ?
Stanford psychologist Carol Dweck has done a tremendous amount of research to understand what makes someone give up in the face of adversity versus strive to overcome it .
Her research shows that if someone believes his talent is inborn he 'll give up quickly , because any obstacle is a sign of his limitation .
He 's hit a wall ; he can't do something and wo n't ever be able to .
But if someone believes her talent grows with persistence and effort , she 'll work to master the challenge .
She 'll view adversity as an opportunity to get better .
So here 's the good news :
You can change your results by changing your mind - set .
When Dweck trained children to view themselves as capable of growing their intelligence , they worked harder , more persistently , and with greater success on math problems they had previously abandoned as unsolvable .
Luck changes .
Call it fate .
Call it God 's will .
Call it an accident .
No matter how well we plan our lives , we 're not fully in control .
But how we face our luck -- good and bad -- is in our control .
How 's this year going ?
Are you having good luck ?
Bad luck ?
Maybe .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Peter Bregman .
All About Philosophy • Culture and Lifestyle • Lottery Results
READER COMMENTS ON
" Maher Blasts Obama on Reform Efforts : ' Not Getting the Job Done , Not What I Voted For ' "
( 22 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... geekmom said on 6/13/2009 @ 8:13 pm PT ...
yuck , i could have sworn that maher was a libertarian , but he sure does sound like a whining little democrat .
ick. i'll stick to john stewert , thank you very much .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... John said on 6/13/2009 @ 11:59 pm PT ...
Can I just say something here ?
I hate Barack Obama 's centrist guts .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Larry Bergan said on 6/14/2009 @ 3:03 am PT ...
The first two comments here do n't promote a great deal of humor , so let me do the best I can ...
The republicans are always able to find humor in audacity ; so can the democrats - squared !
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 6/14/2009 @ 3:08 am PT ...
Heh , Larry , nice try ...
I 'm stuck on " The Audacity of Hubris " , which is completely not funny , more in line with John 's sentiments , so , well , yer doing better than I am anyway ....
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... lottakatz said on 6/14/2009 @ 3:23 am PT ...
Maher was dead - on and his audiance seemed to agree totaly with him .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Stoneveneer said on 6/14/2009 @ 3:59 am PT ...
As usual , Maher tells it like it is ...
Sad but true .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Bystander said on 6/14/2009 @ 6:26 am PT ...
Finally .
Finally someone , even a masquerading lib. , spoke up and criticized Obama .
I am so tired of O being on TV every single day ; I thought once the campaigning and election were over we'd have a break .
He 's diluted the importance of our president speaking on important matters .
Enough !
He 's a limp wristed pres .
to be sure and he could use a little backbone to hopefully stand up to our adversaries .
That I 'm afraid is a hollow wish .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Perry Logan said on 6/14/2009 @ 10:59 am PT ...
What 's PUMA for " I told you so " ?
Progressives just had their first shot at the big - time in decades -- and they blew it completely .
Five minutes of googling would have shown that Barack Obama is a neocon .
He voted for the Cheney energy bill , which no real Democrat would do .
Let 's face it : the Left had their hopes up , so they saw what they wanted to see .
In this , they are only human .
But what a screw - up .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Ilean Hill said on 6/14/2009 @ 12:02 pm PT ...
Maher should use his airtime to advocate Term Limits in Congress instead of blasting the President .
Change does not happen overnight .
It 's difficult to get anything done with an 19th century Congress .
When will Americans wake up and realize the politicians we have in office today do n't have the people 's best interest at heart .
They are the real threat to our ecomomic recovery .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... another joe said on 6/14/2009 @ 12:14 pm PT ...
Comment # 9 - I am so sick of hearing this crap , the lie that obama is not responsible for anything he does because blah blah blah blah ...
There are the fools that proclaim that his actions never match his rhetoric because he is such a smart politician - that he is just a master of strategy .
THIS IS A LIE .
Then there is the crowd that proclaims that he can't do anything because of someone else or some other group of people .
To listen to these folks , you would think he is a little boy .
The lie that its because of the repugs , faus news , lying liars like rush limpballs & bill oliely , pelosi , blah blah blah ...
Those that take this position are really just admitting that obama was lying when he said " yes we can . "
Obama showed us long before the election that he would sell us out and that is precisely what he is doing .
Enough of the excuses already .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 6/14/2009 @ 12:27 pm PT ...
Perry @ 8 asked :
What 's PUMA for " I told you so " ?
I 'll answer the same way I answered you the last time you asked this same question : " You think Obama 's bad ?
Imagine how much worse Hillary would have been . "
Feel free to send that to your PUMA friends , and / or put it in your pocket so you do n't have to ask the same silly question a third time , here .
K ?
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 6/14/2009 @ 12:32 pm PT ...
Ilean Hill @ 9 said : Maher should use his airtime to advocate Term Limits in Congress instead of blasting the President .
Term Limits would do nothing .
The corporate interests would simply find other corporately supported candidates to bump up into higher office each time .
The solution is in getting the corporations the hell out of campaign funding and turning to publicly financed elections .
The rest of your comment I have no particular problem with .
But you'd be a chump to fall for the old " term limits " stunt .
The only ones who * actually * want that is the party out of power , since they think it 'll help them get back the majority ( and they 'll drop their interest in term limits just as soon as they get into that majority - see the Republicans who came to power promising term limits in 1994 , and see how fast almost all of them thereafter dumped that scam . )
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Paul McCarthy said on 6/14/2009 @ 4:02 pm PT ...
re global warming -- I suspect we are going to see the first major increase in mpg in American cars in years .
Whoever 's fault it is , the US government is going to end up as majority owner of the auto industry .
Right now Ford is selling a 7 passenger van in Europe that gets something like 29 mpg city , 43 highway --- the S - Max --- and it is n't even a hybrid --- so it is just not true that Detroit is incapable of producing fuel efficient cars .
http://www.mpgomatic.com...est_gas_mileage_van.html
However " centrist " you think Obama is , there has n't been anyone who took fuel efficiency seriously since Jimmy Carter , and that 's nearly 30 years ago .
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Martin said on 6/15/2009 @ 12:34 am PT ...
Heheh , you should have elected Ron Paul when you still had the chance .
He 's got the guts - they do n't call him dr .
No for nothing
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Another Joe said on 6/15/2009 @ 6:39 am PT ...
Yeah , right , martin .
RON PAUL DID NOT EVEN HAVE THE GUTS TO SHOW UP AT THE REPUG CONVENTION !!
Please do n't give me this crap that he is about anything more than grandstanding .
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Kmac said on 6/15/2009 @ 7:32 am PT ...
I am total agreement with Maher ... totally disappointed !
The answer to change is to rid Congress of payola from BIG BUSINESS AND LOBBYISTS
As long as this corrupt system is in place the rich run the country not the people .
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 6/15/2009 @ 8:51 am PT ...
If this means Obama 's going to allow his leftist socialist policies to be reined in by some Republican common sense , I say more power to him .
Maybe there 's some hope for him after all .
[ ed note :
This is not our usual " Phil " .
And , Phil , please pick another screen name if you intend to comment further , otherwise people will be too confused .
Thank you . -- 99 ]
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... NYCartist said on 6/15/2009 @ 11:15 am PT ...
Kucinich .
And BlackAgendaReport gets Obama clearly on health care and war(s ) www.blackagendareport.com
I admit to voting for Obama .
I wo n't do it again .
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Ross Levin said on 6/16/2009 @ 8:17 am PT ...
I do n't think there should be any guilt associated with voting for Obama .
I 'm a third party activist , but what choice do voters have ?
Vote for an unsatisfactory likely winner or a semi-satisfactory sure loser and possible spoiler ?
Our system is rigged .
For now , the best we can do is vote how we feel is best and then recognize that the presidency is not the center of the political world , and do our best to work toward our goals without the help of the president .
We 're never going to see a Kucinich or a Ron Paul in the presidency - it's not a position for such openly radical people , especially with a rigged election system like the one we have .
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Ross Levin said on 6/16/2009 @ 8:20 am PT ...
Brad -
I thought the term limits were dumped after 1994 because of constitutionality .
As I understand it , Paul Jacob and his group got term limits in a bunch of states through initiative , but then it was ruled that they were unconstitutional because states could n't apply term limits to federal positions .
Plus , I think if we had more statewide initiatives and a national ballot initiative process , that would make term limits a lot less useful .
Citizens would have a better tool to hold politicians accountable .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Alex said on 6/16/2009 @ 4:33 pm PT ...
Obama is not the problem unless you want him to behave as unconstitutionally as Bush .
The problem with Obama is he is trying to get the Congress to perform as they historically did in the early 19th century , when Congress had most of the power .
The problem is that Congress has allowed all its power to be usurped by the Executive branch .
They do n't want to be blamed for anything so they wait for the president to do things like come out with a spending bill ( and then criticize the details ) .
Constitutionally the laws and spending are supposed to originate in the legislative branch .
Congress is supposed to have control of the purse and declarations of war ( not the executive branch ) .
We have the weakest legislative branch in our country 's history ( because they have been manipulated , controled and extorted by previous administrations ) which leads us to a do nothing congress , when we need a highly active one .
Yes , they have passed a few things but there are so many important things to do and the Dems have such a majority they should be able to do almost anything they want .
The Dems claim they are for the common person , but what have they done for the common person ?
Bail outs for the banks and car companies help the rich , and keep the entire economy form falling apart .
This is not a benefit for the common person , especiially .
Maher is not wrong in criticizing Obama .
Though from a libertarian 's point of view Maher seems to be a bit hypocrtical in seeming to want a very strong centralized government that forces things through regardless of the democratic process .
How libertarian is he ?
Those of us on the left need to remember what we criticized Bush for and not condone or suggest the same practices in the current Democratic administration because of expediency or pay - back .
Then the Dems would look no different than the Republicans they replaced and will be voted out accordingly .
Obama deserves to be criticized , but the Congress , its lack of leadership and lack of spine against lobbyists , deserves more .
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Disillusioned said on 6/16/2009 @ 5:38 pm PT ...
[ How do you make your game UI more usable ?
Developer Glinert looks at the four main elements -- learnability , simplicity , efficiency , and aesthetic -- that help game usability to flourish . ]
A common gripe I hear from developers is that a game has a really great concept or aesthetic , but that the user interface ( UI ) is lousy .
Games that are hard to control or that mystify users by not providing useful or sufficient feedback are pretty damn frustrating to play .
This can translate into worse sales , so it 's worthwhile for game developers to really spend a lot of time thinking about a game 's UI .
How are great UIs created ?
Certainly experience and good instincts are necessary to create a UI which is both highly functional and aesthetically pleasing .
It is also helpful to have concrete methods for analyzing usability , and in this article I 'll define and focus four dimensions of usability : Learnability , Simplicity , Efficiency , and Aesthetic [ 1 ] .
The purpose of defining such usability dimensions is to provide a methodology for talking about UIs , i.e. user interface X is more learnable , but less efficient , than user interface Y .
Keep in mind that these dimensions are not a rating of how " good " a UI is , as sometimes it makes sense to disregard certain principles for the sake of gameplay .
What 's important is in these cases the game developers are conscious of such choices , and that they are not decided arbitrarily .
Learnability --
How easy is it to learn how to use the system ?
This dimension mainly concerns novice users .
Most developers prefer straightforward UI learning .
To this end , tutorials are commonplace , as they provide a safe environment for learning controls and mechanics while providing meaningful assistance and guidance .
Once learned by the player , use of the UI should be based on recognition rather than recall .
Generally one should not be expected to remember every game control , rather there should be easily accessible reminders where appropriate .
The exception to this rule comes from games where learnability is part of the game mechanic .
The fighting genre is the most regular example of this exception , as players are rewarded for learning difficult - to - remember controls .
For instance , in Street Fighter II discovering the input sequence for a Hadouken ( or any of the other complex moves in the game ) is generally quite hard to learn from experimentation , but once it is found the player is rewarded with a new fun skill .
Street Fighter II has learnability at the core of its game mechanic , as players must learn complicated input sequences for attacks .
Even within fighting games there is a hidden learnability method -- namely , feedback .
Obvious , immediate , and repeatable feedback between input and output are critical for learnability , and thus trial and error in a fighting game will likely teach the user much about the mechanic .
Relying only on feedback is dangerous , though -- how will users learn non-obvious or complicated input methods ?
Perhaps more importantly , will such a game be fun for someone who has yet to learn these expert inputs ?
Learnability also dictates that controller mappings should be consistent ; if the X button is used for " yes " in one area of a game , it should always be used for confirmation throughout .
This is why this sort of consistency is made part of the standards set by the console manufacturers .
Likewise , controls should match real world expectations ; if most other games in a genre have X as the standard button for " yes " , then a new game within that genre should conform for maximum learnability [ 2 ] .
Games with highly learnable interfaces are inviting to new users as they tend to be easy to pick up and play , while novel user interfaces frequently have difficult learnability issues as all users are effectively novices .
Remember how tricky it was playing Guitar Hero for the first time ?
[ 1 ]
This list is based on Rob Miller 's dimensions of HCI usability , but only focuses on the four that are especially relevant to video games .
For more information on usability dimensions I 'd recommend references from design experts like Jakob Neilson , Donald Norman .
[ 2 ]
However one must be wary of slavish adherence in the face of new , superior control schemes .
News
Microsoft's ' Gazelle ' Browser Concept Going on Tour
Why ca n't a Web browser be more like an operating system ?
That 's a question being investigated with " Gazelle , " an ongoing project at Microsoft Research .
Microsoft plans to describe Gazelle in greater detail next month at the Usenix Security Symposium in Montreal , according to an article published this week at the Microsoft Research Web site .
Usenix is a computer security conference for academic researchers .
Gazelle is pure research led by Helen J. Wang of Microsoft Research in Redmond , Wash .
She and her colleagues published a paper in February explaining the construction of the Gazelle Web browser .
The paper critiques security handling by both Internet Explorer 8 and Google 's Chrome browser .
Gazelle will seek a different approach -- one in which the browser acts more like an operating system to control processes .
The essence of Gazelle is its " browser kernel " concept , which will handle interactions more securely , much as an operating system does with applications .
The browser kernel consists of approximately 5,000 lines of C# code and is " resilient to memory attacks , " according to the authors of the paper .
" Gazelle is all about constructing the browser as a multi- principal OS : How should a browser - based OS provide protection and resource management to its applications ? " the Microsoft Research article explains .
In Gazelle parlance , the word " multi- principal " refers to the various Web sites that the browser has to handle all at once .
The browser kernel in Gazelle treats all such principals as potentially hostile elements .
It isolates them so that a Web site or component wo n't crash the browser .
The Microsoft Research article emphasizes that Gazelle is still at the research stage ; Microsoft does n't have a " product prototype . "
However , such research does tend to find its way into Microsoft 's products .
Rick Rashid , senior vice president at Microsoft Research , claims that the organization 's work has " influenced virtually every product the company has developed . "
Microsoft pours " as much as 17 percent of its total annual revenues " into research and development , Rashid explained .
Steve Ballmer , Microsoft 's CEO , quantified that spending in a February speech .
" Our company will continue to invest more than US$ 9 billion a year in R&D , because we think it's that R&D spending that will cause us to remain strong , " Ballmer said .
Your Predator drone has all the latest gear , including communications , laser target designator , day and night cameras and , of course , Hellfire missiles .
But , according to Special Operations Command , it still needs that essential finishing touch : the latest sound system .
The command is setting out to correct this , providing speakers not just for drones but also for plenty of other applications , in a new high - tech loudspeaker program .
Loudspeakers are already used for psychological warfare operations ( pysops ) in Iraq and elsewhere , but the current Family of Loudspeakers is looking a bit old , having been designed in the '90s .
So SOCOM is looking for a Next Generation Loudspeaker System ( NGLS ) " which will consist of seven variants : manpack ; ground vehicle / watercraft ; unmanned air vehicle ; unmanned ground vehicle ; scatterable media long duration ; scatterable media short duration ; and sonic projection ( focused sound ) . "
The manpack and vehicle speakers will be a direct replacement for existing systems , but the unmanned and scatterable versions will be a new capability , especially as they are intended to be " interconnected using secure wireless technology to form sets of loudspeakers that provide high - quality recorded audio , live dissemination , and acoustic - deception capability . "
A set of scattered , networked speakers could certainly create some confusing sound effects .
It could create the impression of a patrol or a vehicle moving around , surrounding the enemy with phantoms while masking the presence of real forces .
Special Forces have already had good results using focused sound in the form of the Long Range Acoustic Device ( LRAD ) .
The unofficial PsyWarrior site reports that LRAD could be clearly heard at 1,400 meters , and it proved a handy way of communicating with the locals .
" Iraqis were seen writing down the counter - terrorism tip - line number at over 600 meters range . "
It also has its uses in operations , not only for clearing civilians from streets and rooftops during operations and issuing instructions , but also for " drawing out enemy snipers who are subsequently destroyed by our own snipers . "
This takes us back to putting speakers on aircraft , a tactic which was honed to perfection in Vietnam .
Many different broadcasts were tried , including the celebrated " Wandering Soul , " also known as the " Howling Ghost " or " Ghost Tape Number 10 " ( " Number 10 " or " So Moui " was Vietnam slang for " very bad " ) .
This played on the Vietnamese belief that unless a person is buried properly , his or her suffering soul will wander the earth .
The Wandering Soul tape has an echoing voice , supposedly of a dead Viet Cong , warning his comrades that his soul is doomed to wander forever and telling them to go back to their homes .
The Viet Cong soon realized that the voice was not really a ghost , but it certainly had a very disturbing effect on them , and in many cases provoked them to open fire on the helicopter carrying the speakers .
One Navy team got so fed up with taking fire every time they played the tape that they used it with a team of helicopters armed with rockets and 7.62 mm miniguns capable of spraying 4,000 rounds per minute : " Killing was our business , and the PSYOP tapes helped make business damn good . "
Elsewhere when the Wandering Ghost was used , C - 47 gunships flew alongside the PSYOP helicopters , ready to open fire on any ground positions that fired at it .
There4 was a similar effort called Project Quick Speakcarried out by the 5th Air Commando Squadron in 1965 .
This used a transport aircraft fitted with speakers to provoke hidden Viet Cong by praising the Vietnamese government , and warning of severe consequences if they fired on the aircraft .
If there was any ground fire , it was met by a barrage from a C - 47 armed with three miniguns flying below and behind the speaker plane , which would then deliver the taunting message : " See , I told you so ! "
One could imagine a lot of uses for speakers or an LRAD - style hailer on a Predator or other drone .
It could warn a vehicle to stop , or tell the occupants to leave a building or face the consequences .
It could fly Howling Ghost or Quick Speak missions or use other sounds to provoke a reaction or spread alarm .
Predators are already feared , and sound effects could add considerably .
Or you could just play " Ride of the Valkyries . "
**
Photo : Nathan Hodge
Based on that kind of growth , the company was able to raise $ 25 million in December from some of Silicon Valley ’s top venture capitalists , including Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers .
Image Books are sorted at Chegg.com , named for a chicken - egg question .
Flanking the chicken are Jim Safka , far right , C.E.O , and Aayush Phumbhra , a co-founder .
Credit ... Ozier Muhammad / The New York Times
“ The textbook business was wildly inefficient , ” said Mike Maples Jr. , managing partner at Maples Investments , a fund that invests in young start - ups ; it was one of Chegg ’s first outside investors .
With demand for good deals on textbooks running high , Chegg ’s success comes in large part from being able to address those inefficiencies .
While Chegg primarily rents books , it is also essentially acting as a kind of “ market maker , ” gathering books from sellers at the end of a semester and renting  or sometimes selling  them to other students at the start of a new one .
That provides liquidity to the market , said Yannis Bakos , associate professor of management at the Stern School of Business at New York University .
“ The model is clever , ” Professor Bakos said .
“ If they execute well , it will be an accomplishment . ”
E-commerce was all the rage with investors during the Internet boom of the late 1990s .
Of course , many start - ups failed .
In recent years , most of the successful ideas in e-commerce have been refinements or variations of models that had been tried before .
In the case of Chegg and some budding competitors , the inspiration was Netflix .
“ We benefit from the comfort zone that people have with renting things online from Netflix , ” said Colin Barceloux , the co-founder of BookRenter.com , a Chegg rival that is also based in Silicon Valley .
Alan Bradford , a senior at Arizona State University , read about Chegg in a campus newspaper in 2008 and calculated that his bill for books that semester would have been $ 334 with Chegg , far less than the $ 657 he paid .
Since then , he has ordered about a dozen textbooks from Chegg .
“ Nobody likes paying for textbooks , ” he said .
CHEGG is shorthand for “ chicken and egg , ” a reference to what Mr. Rashid called students ’ quandary after graduation : they need experience to get a job , but ca n’t get experience without having a job .
W ith the American right poised to derail yet another attempt to bring public health care to the United States , Canada has been dragged in for a disturbing cameo role .
By any reasonable measure , our health - care system is stellar compared to theirs , yet ours has been cast as the scary bad guy to serve as a cautionary tale to those who consider it urgent to provide health - care coverage to the 47 million Americans without it .
In TV ads broadcast across America , Canadian Shona Holmes says she would have died of a brain tumour if she 'd relied on the Canadian health - care system rather than heading to the U.S. for treatment .
Dramatic stuff , but not quite true .
She did have a cyst in her brain , but it was n't life - threatening – a fact exposed last month by Julie Mason in the Ottawa Citizen .
( This should clear up any misunderstanding about Canadian health care for the millions of Americans who read the Ottawa Citizen . )
If there 's a lesson to be learned from the sorry spectacle of the U.S. health - care debate , it 's never to underestimate the determination of the right to block even the most desperately needed reforms .
The right in Canada , like its American counterpart , has tried hard to discourage the public from trusting government to provide public services , so that the private sector can provide them instead at a profit .
Although the Canadian right has been less organized , it 's learning .
And it has the advantage of having one of its own sons running the country .
Of course , Stephen Harper , aware of Canada 's more moderate political climate , has been careful in his push to the right , helped along by a media that 's allowed his past as head of the right - wing National Citizens Coalition to largely slip from view .
One interesting nudge rightward was the Harper government 's recent appointment of Jack Mintz , a conservative economist and former CEO of the business - funded C.D. Howe Institute , to the influential post of research director of a federal - provincial review of pensions .
Like health care , pensions cry out for public programs .
Our public pensions – Old Age Security and Canada Pension Plan – have helped keep seniors out of poverty .
But the amounts provided under these programs are low and need to be topped up .
Yet less than 40 per cent of Canadians have private pensions to supplement their retirement incomes .
The best way to ensure better pension coverage for all Canadians would be to put more money into our public programs .
Another promising idea , promoted by some provincial governments , involves government setting up multi-employer " super pension funds " that would operate on a non-profit basis .
Jack Mintz does n't like this idea .
In an op - ed piece in the National Post last May , he attacked it as " dangerous . "
Just why is it dangerous ?
Well , it seems it 's dangerous to the interests of banks and insurance companies because , as Mintz explained , they would have trouble competing with the non-profit pension funds .
Interestingly , this is the same argument American conservatives use against Obama 's public health - care plan – that private insurers would have trouble competing with it .
Which raises the question : whose interests come first ?
If we have to choose between leaving elderly Canadians at risk of slipping into poverty or making it harder for banks and insurance companies to compete in the pension market , is that really a tough choice – except perhaps for Jack Mintz , Stephen Harper and others on the Canadian right ?
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Linda McQuaig 's column appears every other week .
lmcquaig@sympatico.ca
Read more about :
NEW YORK �( CNNMoney.com ) --
Stocks rallied Thursday , with the Dow jumping 200 points and hitting its highest point since November , as investors welcomed better - than - expected quarterly results and home sales .
The Dow Jones industrial average ( INDU ) gained 188 points , or 2.1 % , closing at its highest point since Nov. 5 . The S&P 500 ( SPX ) index added 22 points , or 2.5 % .
The Nasdaq composite ( COMP ) gained 47 points , or 2.5 % .
The Nasdaq has now closed higher for 12 consecutive sessions , its longest winning streak since January 1992 .
Treasury bond prices plunged , raising the corresponding yields , as investors pulled money out of the safe - haven and put it into stocks .
The dollar gained versus other major currencies .
Oil and gold prices rose .
Stocks have been on the rise for the last week - and - a - half , bouncing after a four week retreat , as better - than - expected corporate reports have surprised investors .
" You are seeing companies in large part beating expectations in just about every sector , and while revenues are coming in a bit lower in a lot of categories , we seem to be able to look past that , " said Jamie Cox , managing partner at Harris Financial Group .
Cost - cutting has largely driven the earnings growth , raising concerns about what the second - half economic growth is going to look like .
" Somebody 's cost cutting means somebody else 's job , " said Ben Halliburton , chief investment officer at Tradition Capital Management .
He said that rising unemployment and its impact on an already - strapped consumer suggests that expectations for a second - half recovery are overdone .
" There 's really no place for a recovery if the consumer is still on the decline , " he said .
Friday brings a revised consumer sentiment reading from the University of Michigan , but the report is not likely to move markets .
Microsoft and American Express should be active Friday , after reporting quarterly results after the close of trading .
Microsoft ( MSFT , Fortune 500 ) reported weaker earnings that topped estimates and weaker revenue that missed estimates .
The tech leader said its results were due to weakness in the global PC and server markets .
American Express ( AXP , Fortune 500 ) reported a big drop in earnings due to the cost of paying back the loan it received from the government last year .
However , the earnings still managed to top analysts ' forecasts .
Results : Ford Motor ( F , Fortune 500 ) reported a second - quarter profit due to its efforts to reduce debt .
The automaker also reported an operating loss that was narrower than a year ago and smaller than forecast .
Ford 's drop in revenue was also narrower - than - expected .
Shares gained 9.4 % .
Ford is the only U.S. automaker that was not forced to declare bankruptcy last quarter , as a result of the slowdown in auto demand amid the recession .
Dow component AT&T ( T , Fortune 500 ) reported quarterly sales and earnings that fell from a year ago but topped estimates .
The telecom benefited from its exclusive contract with Apple , as strong iPhone sales boosted subscriber growth .
AT&T shares gained 2.6 % .
Fellow Dow component 3M ( MMM , Fortune 500 ) reported weaker quarterly sales and earnings that topped estimates .
Considered to be a bellwether for the economy due to the breadth of its businesses , 3 M also lifted its forecast for full - year profit .
Shares gained 7.4 % .
AT&T ( T , Fortune 500 ) and 3M ( MMM , Fortune 500 ) were among the 27 Dow components that rose , with three falling .
IBM ( IBM , Fortune 500 ) , Johnson & Johnson ( JNJ , Fortune 500 ) , Verizon Communications ( VZ , Fortune 500 ) , Caterpillar ( CAT , Fortune 500 ) , Chevron ( CVX , Fortune 500 ) and Exxon Mobil ( XOM , Fortune 500 ) were among the big Dow gainers .
But another Dow component , McDonald 's ( MCD , Fortune 500 ) , disappointed investors by reporting a bigger - than - expected drop in revenue and an in - line drop in earnings .
Shares fell 4.6 % .
Wal - Mart Stores ( WMT , Fortune 500 ) and Boeing ( BA , Fortune 500 ) were the other two losers .
Other company news : Bristol - Myers Squibb ( BMY , Fortune 500 ) said late Wednesday that it will buy biotech company Medarex ( MDX ) for $ 2.4 billion .
Amazon.com ( AMZN , Fortune 500 ) said Wednesday it would buy online shoe retailer Zappos.com for $ 807 million .
Market breadth was positive .
On the New York Stock Exchange , winners topped losers by over five to one on volume of 1.39 billion shares .
On the New York Stock Exchange , advancers topped decliners by over three to one on volume of 3.13 billion shares .
Economy :
The number of Americans filing new claims for unemployment rose to 554,000 last week from 524,000 in the previous week , according to a Labor Department report released Thursday morning .
Economists thought claims would rise to 557,000 , according to Briefing.com estimates .
June existing home sales rose to a 4.89 million unit annual rate from a revised 4.72 million unit rate in May , according to the National Association of Realtors .
Sales were better than expected , with economists forecasting sales would rise to a 4.85 million annualized rate .
The median home price continued to slide , falling 15.4 % versus a year ago .
Bonds : Treasury prices tumbled , raising the yield on the benchmark 10 - year note to 3.66 % from 3.54 % Wednesday .
Treasury prices and yields move in opposite directions .
Other markets :
In global trade , European markets gained late in the day , while Asian markets ended higher .
In currency trading , the dollar gained against the euro and the Japanese yen .
U.S. light crude oil for September delivery rose $ 1.76 to settle at $ 67.16 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange .
COMEX gold for August delivery rose $ 1.50 to settle at $ 954.80 an ounce .
Félicette ,
the space cat ... and Félix ,
who did n't exist
After first uploading this page in 2004 , there was a new and unexpected twist to the story in 2014 ,
when we learned that Félix ( commonly stated to be the name of the first cat in space ,
including by ourselves until that point ) actually never existed !
Read more below ...
While Félicette may not be one of the best - known cats in the world , maybe she should be , as she became the first of only two cats that we 've been able to confirm were sent into space .
There was a report of a cat being used in a space launch several years earlier , in 1958 / 9 , but we were later reliably informed that the launch was cancelled at the last minute .
Early Soviet experiments
The then Soviet Union experimented in the later 1950s with dogs in capsules on the edge of space ; then in 1957 Laika , a mongrel dog who became very well known , was launched in Sputnik 2 .
According to what the Russians said at the time , she suffered no ill - effects while in orbit , but after a few days her batteries and air supply ran out and she died .
However , the real story , only revealed more recently , is that she died from overheating and stress just a few hours into the mission .
She is remembered on a memorial at Star City , outside Moscow ( right ) .
A number of other dogs followed in her pawprints , up until the mid-1960s ; many of them were successfully returned to Earth , but some were not .
There are some Russian postage stamps honouring ' space dogs ' .
A Brazilian space cat ?
We came across announcements from late in 1958 in some local American newspapers ( Daytona Morning Journal , Spokane Daily Chronicle were two ) saying that the Brazilian Army was planning to launch a rocket that could carry a cat .
The rocket  confusingly named ' Felix I '  was to be built by the Army Technical School , and the plan was that the feline , in a pressurised chamber and with recording instruments attached , would be fed oxygen during the flight and then parachuted down from the rocket 's zenith , which was to be at about 70 miles high ( 112 km ) .
Protests were made by US cat lovers , but in December 1958 it was reported that the flight was to go ahead on New Year 's Day 1959 .
The cat , a tomcat called Flamengo , was said to be trained up and ready to go  there was even a photo of him in his chamber  but we have n't been able to find out whether the flight actually happened or what the result was .
It seems odd that there was no follow - up , and the news does n't seem to have reached the international press .
Therefore we remain a bit sceptical about the information , but if the flight did take place , hopefully it was successful , as the poor cat was the pet of the project manager ’s daughters .
Note : Brazilian reader Erika Flore , to whom thanks , later informed us that in fact Flamengo never went into space .
Following the protests , the rocket project 360 BD was dismantled and the man responsible for the project , Colonel Manuel dos Santos Lage , was transferred to other duties .
Monkeys and rats
Other animals  mice and various monkeys  had been used in previous sub-orbital space experiments by the USA , from as early as 1949 .
The first primate actually to enter orbit in space was Enos , a chimpanzee launched on 29 November 1961 and successfully recovered a few days later .
During 1961 and 1962 white rats were also used in space experiments by the French ; three , named Hector , Castor and Pollux by journalists , were launched at different times , with varying degrees of success .
The French feline programme
By 1963 the French government had moved on from rodents and had some 14 cats undergoing intensive training for possible space flight , with fairly arduous tasks involving a compression chamber and a centrifuge .
Although they were deliberately not given names , to discourage staff from becoming too attached to them and results possibly being influenced , every effort was made to keep them comfortable and in a calm environment ; they do n't seem to have suffered too much , as ten of the would - be astronauts were later ' decommissioned ' .
An exception to the ' no name ' rule was Scoubidou ; her implanted electrode deteriorated from polarisation and was removed , so she became the laboratory mascot and was later adopted by one of the secretaries .
The photo ( right ) shows some of the French felines in training .
Félicette
The cat selected to undertake the first mission  one report said because she was the only animal that had n't put on too much weight !
 was a nice - natured black - and - white female , apparently formerly a Paris street cat , although it was suggested she 'd been bought by the French government from a dealer .
It seems likely she is the cat on left of the group photo shown above .
Whatever her origins , on the prescribed date of 18 October 1963 the cat was blasted off in a special capsule on top of a French Véronique AG1 rocket , from the Colomb Bacar rocket base at Hammaguir in the Algerian Sahara desert .
She did n't go into orbit , but in a flight lasting altogether less than 15 minutes travelled some 100 miles ( 160 km ) into space , where the capsule separated from the rocket and descended by parachute .
Throughout the flight the electrodes implanted in her brain transmitted neurological impulses back to Earth , and the French Centre d'Enseignement et de Recherches de Médecine Aéronautique ( CERMA ) , which directed these flights , stated afterwards that the cat had made a valuable contribution to research .
The capsule and cat were safely recovered and she was photographed with the team afterwards ( left ) .
The British press of the time called her the ' Astrocat ' ; but at some point and from an unknown source  possibly journalists  she gained the name Félicette .
Félicette ' had her hour of glory ' when she returned safely to Paris ; then she was kept at the CERMA laboratories for 2 or 3 months while checks and studies were carried out .
Sadly , after this time she was put to sleep , so that further studies could be made on the electrodes that had been implanted in her brain .
There was a second cat flight on 24 October , but the launch went wrong from the start , the rocket crashed , and when the module was finally recovered , quite a distance away and two days later , the unfortunate cat , which has never been named and may well have not been given a name , had died .
The non-existent Félix
Somewhere among the stories of these events of more than half a century ago , the myth emerged that Félicette was not the cat originally chosen for the space mission , but that it was a male cat called Félix , who managed to escape from the laboratories at the last minute  so that Félicette made the flight by default , as it were .
However , in 2014 new information for this account came to us directly from Dr Gérard Chatelier , a skilled surgeon who worked on the space programme at CERMA at the time of the feline space flights : he told us there never was a cat called Félix , and he did n't know where that tale originated .
We think that the tabby cat ( left ) shown in some press images as ' Félix ' is just one of the other CERMA cats that underwent training .
It 's now clear that Félicette is the black - and - white cat shown above right .
The inscription on the photo , together with her pawprint , reads in French ' Merci pour votre participation à mon succès du 18 octobre 1963 , ' which means ' Thank you for taking part in my success of 18 October 1963 . '
( We do n't know for whom it was intended . )
There 's a superb series of images ( captions in French ) of the cats , the rocket , its launch and its recovery at the Nos premières années dans l'espace pages .
Postage stamps
The Felix myth became sufficiently well established for him to be commemorated , and named , on three postage stamps from former French colonies some 30 years or more after the historic voyage !
One , issued in 1992 by the Comoro Islands ( right ) , is from a set showing various rockets and the animals Laika and Ham , another space - going chimp .
Later on , in 1997 , Chad produced a series of souvenir sheets showing many aspects of space travel ; the one with ' Félix ' also includes Laika , as well as astronauts Armstrong , Collins and Aldrin and their Saturn V rocket ( see below ) .
Lastly there was a 1999 stamp from Niger showing ' Félix ' .
However , even if the captions on these stamps were changed to read ' Félicette ' , the depictions would still be inaccurate as they all show a long - haired cat , whereas Félicette was short - haired .
It seems the stamp designers did n't do their research too well !
Interestingly , the philatelic cover below that I came across , produced by an American outfit called Bow - Wow Local Post to mark the tenth anniversary of a cat in space , shows a tabby cat on the blue label , so is also inaccurate .
An Iranian space cat ?
As a footnote , in September 2013 the Iranian Space Agency ( yes , there is one ... ) claimed that it was considering sending a Persian cat into space , having successfully launched and recovered a monkey from a space mission in February 2013 .
This latter news was greeted with scepticism by the scientific community , as ' before ' and ' after ' photos of the monkey clearly showed different animals ( see links below ) .
Update , December 2019
Getting on for 60 years after her ground - breaking foray into space , Félicette was finally recognised with a memorial sculpture , by British artist Gill Parker , unveiled on 17 December 2019 at the International Space University in Strasbourg , France .
It stands in the Pioneers ' Hall , next to one of Russian cosmonaut Yuri Gagarin .
The initiative came from Londoner Matthew Guy , who came across Félicette ’s story and decided she deserved to be honoured .
A crowd - funding campaign raised 49,000 euros for the 1.75 metre - tall bronze statue , which shows a cat looking up to the stars while seated on the globe ( see the Kickstarter links below ) .
Acknowledgements
Very warm thanks to Dr Chatelier , in his 80s in early 2014 , who most kindly responded to our enquiry , answered our questions and gave permission for photos to be used .
We hope we 've now set the record straight concerning this fascinating story .
Acknowledgements also to Jean - Xavier Bardant from France and ' altoreno2 ' from Italy for earlier contributions .
Links and further information
Souvenir sheet produced by Chad in 1997 , one of a series showing aspects of space travel .
This one shows ' Félix ' and Laika , with Armstrong , Collins and Aldrin and their Saturn V rocket .
Our gift to you this National Taco Day .
September 28 - October 4 .
Terms and fees apply .
Order min & discount does not apply to taxes / fees .
See Uber Eats for availability .
Most of the world 's undernourished live in developing countries
One billion people throughout the world suffer from hunger , a figure which has increased by 100 million because of the global financial crisis , says the UN .
The UN's Food and Agriculture Organisation ( FAO ) said the figure was a record high .
Persistently high food prices have also contributed to the hunger crisis .
The director general of the FAO said the level of hunger , one - sixth of the world 's population , posed a " serious risk " to world peace and security .
The UN said almost all of the world 's undernourished live in developing countries , with the most , some 642 million people , living in the Asia - Pacific region .
In sub -Saharan Africa , the next worst - hit region , the figure stands at 265 million .
Just 15 million people are left hungry in the developed world .
" The silent hunger crisis - affecting one - sixth of all of humanity - poses a serious risk for world peace and security , " said Jacques Diouf .
" We urgently need to forge a broad consensus on the total and rapid eradication of hunger in the world and to take the necessary actions . "
' Contradiction '
The increase in the number of hungry people was blamed on lower incomes and increased unemployment , which in turn reduced access to food by the poor , the UN agency said .
But it contrasted sharply with evidence that much of the developed world is richer than ever before .
WORLD HUNGER Asia-Pacific : 642 m Sub-Saharan Africa : 265 m Latin America and Caribbean : 53 m Middle East and North Africa : 42 m Developed world : 15 m Source : FAO
" It 's the first time in human history that we have so many hungry people in the world , " said FAO spokesman Kostas Stamoulis , director of the organisation 's development department .
" And that 's a contradiction , because a lot of the world is very rich despite the economic crisis . "
Mr Diouf urged governments to provide development and economic assistance to boost agriculture , particularly by smallholder farmers .
" Investment in agriculture must be increased because for the majority of poor countries a healthy agricultural sector is essential to overcome poverty and hunger and is a pre-requisite for overall economic growth , " he said .
Urban suffering
The UK's international development ministry ( Dfid ) said the figures were " a scandal " and said it was helping some of the poorest farmers in the world to boost the amount of food they produce .
" In the last year we have pledged more than £ 900 million to lift millions out of hunger to help farmers boost agriculture production , " a Dfid spokesman said .
The UN warns that poor people living in cities will probably face the most severe problems in coping with the global recession , because lower export demand and reduced foreign investment are likely to hit urban jobs harder .
Many migrants to urban areas would be likely to return to rural areas , it added , transferring the burden .
Incomes have also dropped " substantially " in some developing countries where families depend on remittances from relatives working abroad .
With the financial crisis hitting all parts of the world more or less simultaneously , developing countries have less room to adjust , the UN agency says .
Food prices
Among the pressures is the reality that borrowing from international capital markets is " more limited " in a global crisis , the FAO said .
Food costs in developing countries now seem more expensive , despite prices in world markets declining during the food and fuel crisis of 2006 - 08 , it added .
They remained on average 24 % higher in real terms by the end of 2008 compared to 2006 .
" For poor consumers , who spend up to 60 % of their incomes on staple foods , this means a strong reduction in their effective purchasing power , " the FAO said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Plasters embedded with light - emitting diodes could be used to help treat skin cancer ( Image : Polymertronics Ltd )
THE humble sticking plaster is getting a high - tech upgrade .
As well as simply patching up small cuts and grazes , plasters embedded with light - emitting diodes could be used to treat skin cancer in combination with light - sensitive drugs .
Polymertronics , based in Banbury , UK , is developing the plasters , which are impregnated with a ser ies of organic light - emitting diodes ( OLEDs ) .
The light plasters are designed for use in photodynamic therapy , in which light - sensitive drugs are applied to the skin as a cream .
When you shine red light …
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Circumcision may help protect men from the AIDS virus but it does not protect the wives and female partners of infected men , researchers reported on Thursday .
The disappointed researchers had to stop the trial , which they had hoped would confirm early suggestions that circumcision would protect men and women alike .
But , they said , circumcision is so effective in protecting men that will still likely benefit women indirectly by reducing circulation of the virus in general .
“ We were disappointed that the trial did not show protection from HIV infection in women , as was expected from observational studies , ” Dr. Maria Wawer of Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore and colleagues in Uganda wrote in the Lancet medical journal .
“ The trial was stopped early because of futility . ”
AIDS is caused by the fatal and incurable human immunodeficiency virus and is transmitted mostly through sex .
It has killed 25 million people since it was identified in the early 1980s and infects an estimated 33 million .
Most cases are in Africa , passed along mainly by sex between men and women .
Researchers have demonstrated several times that men who are circumcised are less likely to become infected by female partners .
The foreskin of the penis , which is removed during circumcision , is rich in cells that are particularly easy for the virus to infect .
The theory is that removing this source of vulnerable cells makes infection more difficult .
Wawer ’s team recruited 922 uncircumcised , HIV - infected , men aged 15 to 49 years .
Some were immediately circumcised and some had the procedure delayed for two years .
The researchers also followed 163 wives or female sex partners of these men .
“ Circumcision of HIV - infected men did not reduce HIV transmission to female partners over 24 months ; longer - term effects could not be assessed , ” Wawer ’s team wrote .
“ Condom use after male circumcision is essential for HIV prevention . ”
The sex partners of circumcised men also were no less likely to get other sexually transmitted infections with the exception of one called trichomonas .
“ However , the efficacy of male circumcision for prevention of HIV in uninfected men is clear , and reductions in male acquisition of HIV attributable to circumcision are likely to reduce women ’s exposure to HIV - infected men .
Male circumcision programs are thus likely to confer an overall benefit to women , ” the researchers concluded .
Nazareth —
The rights of Palestinian children are routinely violated by Israel ’s security forces , according to a new report that says beatings and torture are common .
In addition , hundreds of Palestinian minors are prosecuted by Israel each year without a proper trial and are denied family visits .
The findings by Defense for Children International ( DCI ) come in the wake of revelations from Israeli soldiers and senior commanders that it is “ normal procedure ” in the West Bank to terrorise Palestinian civilians , including children .
Col Itai Virob , commander of the Kfir Brigade , disclosed last month that to accomplish a mission , “ aggressiveness towards every one of the residents in the village is common . ”
Questioning included slaps , beatings and kickings , he said .
As a result , Gabi Ashkenazi , the head of the armed services , was forced to appear before the Israeli parliament to disavow the behavior of his soldiers .
Beatings were “ absolutely prohibited ” , he told legislators .
Col Virob made his remarks during court testimony in defense of two soldiers , including his deputy commander , who are accused of beating Palestinians in the village of Qaddum , close to Nablus .
One told the court that , “ soldiers are educated towards aggression in the IDF [ army ] . ”
Col Virob appeared to confirm his observation , saying it was policy to “ disturb the balance ” of village life during missions and that the vast majority of assaults were “ against uninvolved people . ”
Last week , further disclosures of ill - treatment of Palestinians , some as young as 14 , were aired on Israeli TV , using material collected by dissident soldiers as part of the Breaking the Silence project , which highlights army brutality .
Two soldiers serving in the Harub battalion said they had witnessed beatings at a school in the West Bank village of Hares , south - west of Nablus , in an operation in March to stop stone - throwing .
Many of those held were not involved , the soldiers said .
During a 12 - hour operation that began at 3am , 150 detainees were blindfolded and handcuffed from behind , with the nylon restraints so tight their hands turned blue .
The worst beatings , the soldiers said , occurred in the school toilets .
According to one soldier ’s testimony , a boy of about 15 was given “ a slap that brought him to the ground . ”
He added that many of his comrades “ just knee [ Palestinians ] because it ’s boring , because you stand there 10 hours , you ’re not doing anything , so they beat people up ” .
The picture from serving soldiers confirms the findings of DCI , which noted that many children were picked up in general sweeps after disturbances or during late - night raids of their homes .
Its report includes a selection of testimonies from children it represented in 2008 in which they describe Israeli soldiers beating them or being tortured by interrogators .
One 10 - year - old boy , identified as Ezzat H , described an army search of his family home for a gun .
He said a soldier slapped and punched him repeatedly during two hours of questioning , before another soldier pointed a rifle at him :
“ The rifle barrel was a few centimeters away from my face .
I was so terrified that I started to shiver .
He made fun of me . ”
Another boy , Shadi H , aged 15 , said he and his friend were forced to undress by soldiers in an orange grove near Tulkarm while the soldiers threw stones at them .
They were then beaten with rifle butts .
Jameel K , aged 14 , described being taken to a military camp where he was assaulted and then had a rope tightened around his neck in a mock execution .
Yehuda Shaul , of Breaking the Silence , said soldiers treated any Palestinian older than 12 or 13 as an adult .
“ For the first time a high - ranking soldier [ Col Virob ] has joined us in raising the issue — even if not intentionally — that the use of physical violence against Palestinians is not exceptional but policy .
A few years ago no senior officer would have had the guts to say this , ” he said .
The DCI report also highlights the systematic use of torture by interrogators from the army and the secret police , the Shin Bet , in an attempt to extract confessions from children , often in cases involving stone throwing .
Islam M , aged 12 , said he was threatened with having boiling water poured on his face if he did not admit throwing stones and was then pushed into a thorn bush .
Another boy , Abed S , aged 16 , said his hands and feet were tied to the wall of an interrogation room in the shape of a cross for a day and then put in solitary confinement for 15 days .
Last month , the United Nations Committee Against Torture , a panel of independent experts , expressed “ deep concern ” at Israel ’s treatment of Palestinian minors .
According to the DCI report , some 700 children are convicted in Israel ’s military courts each year , with children older than 12 denied access to lawyers in interrogation .
It adds that interrogators routinely blindfold and handcuff child detainees during questioning and use techniques including slaps and kicks , sleep deprivation , solitary confinement , threats to the child and his family , and tying the child up for long periods .
Such practices were banned by Israel ’s Supreme Court in 1999 but are still widely documented by Israeli human rights groups .
DCI says it has been disturbed by reports from several children of a special tiny cell , referred to as No 36 , at a detention centre near Haifa .
The cell has no windows or ventilation , its walls are dark and a dim light is kept on 24 hours a day .
In 95 per cent of cases , children are convicted on the basis of signed confessions written in Hebrew , a language few of them understand .
Once sentenced , the children are held in violation of international law in prisons in Israel where most are denied visits from family and receive little or no education .
DCI also criticizes “ a culture of impunity ” among the Shin Bet , noting that not one of 600 complaints of torture filed against its interrogators during the second intifada has led to a criminal investigation .
Yesh Din , an Israeli human rights group , reported in November that soldiers too rarely face disciplinary action over illegal behavior .
Army data from 2000 to the end of 2007 revealed that the military police had indicted soldiers in only 78 of 1,268 investigations .
Most soldiers received minor sentences .
Academic studies suggest that Israeli soldiers have been routinely using violence against Palestinian civilians , including children , for many years .
In late 2007 Israelis were shocked by the testimonies collected by clinical psychologist Nufar Yishai - Karin from 21 soldiers with whom she shared her military service during the early 1990s .
The soldiers told her of incidents in which bystanders were shot or assaulted .
In one of the most disturbing testimonies , a soldier said he had witnessed his commander attacking a four - year - old boy playing in the sand in Gaza .
“ He broke his hand here at the wrist .
Broke his hand at the wrist , broke his leg here .
And started to stomp on his stomach , three times , and left . . .
The next day I go out with him on another patrol , and the soldiers are already starting to do the same thing . ”
Such revelations have grown in number since the Breaking the Silence began drawing attention to the army ’s mistreatment of Palestinians in 2004 .
* A version of this article originally appeared in The National , published in Abu Dhabi .
Bush / Cheney Pushed Torture on DOJ
In 2005 , Attorney General Alberto Gonzales bent to demands from President George W. Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney to push through new legal opinions sanctioning harsh interrogation of terrorism suspects , according to e-mails written by then - Deputy Attorney General James Comey .
Email
Printer friendly " The AG explained that he was under great pressure from the Vice President to complete both memos , and that the President had even raised it last week , apparently at the VP 's request and the AG had promised they [ the opinions ] would be ready early this week , " Comey wrote in one of several e-mails obtained by the New York Times .
The Times revealed the e-mails Saturday in an article that focused more on Comey ’s acceptance of the legal interpretations of the anti-torture statute than on the behind - the - scenes battle over the White House demand that the Department of Justice reauthorize the “ enhanced interrogation techniques . ”
The White House role in pressing the DOJ ’s Office of Legal Counsel to sign off again on the brutal tactics – after other OLC lawyers working with Comey had withdrawn the earlier approval – is crucial in assessing whether the OLC offered honest legal guidance or simply tailored its opinions to fit the desires of Bush , Cheney and other policymakers .
A key defense line for Bush has been that the President was just following the advice of the OLC , which is responsible for setting parameters on presidential authority , and thus Bush and his senior aides should n’t be held accountable for any law violations .
However , if the White House had been stage - managing those opinions , that defense would crumble .
Comey ’s e-mails offer additional proof that the White House was , in fact , pulling the strings on the OLC ’s legal opinions , especially after Bush ’s longtime legal counsel Gonzales was elevated to the post of Attorney General in 2005 .
On April 27 , 2005 , several weeks before the OLC issued the first of the new memos , Comey sent an e-mail to his Chief of Staff Chuck Rosenberg describing a meeting with Gonzales about a draft legal opinion on allowing CIA interrogators to employ a combination of torture techniques against detainees .
“ In our private meeting yesterday afternoon , I told [ Gonzales ] I was here to urge him not to allow the ‘ combined effects ’ memo to be finalized , ” Comey wrote .
“ I told him it would come back to haunt him and the Department .
I told him the first opinion [ regarding legal interpretations of U.S. anti-torture statutes ] was ready to go out and I concurred .
I told him I did not concur with the second and asked him to stop it . ”
Politicizing Justice Comey wrote that Gonzales had essentially allowed Cheney and his legal counsel David Addington to politicize the Justice Department , with Gonzales complaining that “ the VP kept telling him ‘ we are getting killed on the Hill , ’ ” a suggestion that members of Congress were raising objections about the interrogation policies .
“ It leaves me feeling sad for the Department and the AG , ” Comey said .
“ I just hope that when this all comes out , this institution does n't take the hit , but rather the hit is taken by those individuals who occupied positions at [ OLC and the AG ’s office who ] were too weak to stand up for the principles that undergird the rest of this great institution . ”
According to Comey , Gonzales agreed about clearing the first opinion but not the second , promising to “ speak with [ White House Counsel ] Harriet Miers and share the concerns . ”
Comey added that Gonzales “ also directed me to call [ CIA general counsel ]
John Rizzo and the CIA and give him some comfort by saying the first [ OLC memo ] would be done and that we would need to do additional work on the second . ”
Comey was not the only one concerned with the authorization to the CIA to use “ combined effects ” during interrogations .
Patrick Philbin , the OLC ’s deputy assistant attorney general , also raised red flags .
“ Pat alerted me to his serious concerns about the adequacy of the ‘ combined effects ’ analysis , particularly as it related to the category of ‘ severe physical suffering , ” Comey wrote .
After sharing Comey ’s concerns with the Principals Committee – which included Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice , Cheney and Addington – Gonzales told Comey that DOJ ’s objections did n’t matter , that Cheney and Addington were demanding that the disputed memo be finalized .
“ I told [ Gonzales ] the people who were applying pressure now would not be there when the [ expletive ] hit the fan , ” Comey wrote in an April 28 , 2005 e-mail .
“ It would be Alberto Gonzales in the bull ’s - eye .
I told him it was my job to protect the department and the AG and that I could not agree to this because it was wrong .
“ I told him it could be made right in a week , which was a blink of an eye , and that nobody would understand at a hearing three years from now why we did n’t take that week . ”
In another e-mail , also dated April 28 , 2005 , Comey suggested that the legal opinion may have been needed quickly to provide retroactive cover for torture that already occurred .
Gonzales 's Chief of Staff Ted Ullyot " mentioned at one point that OLC did n't feel like it could accede to my request to make the opinion focused on one person because they do n't give retrospective advice , " Comey wrote to Rosenberg .
" I said I understood that , but that the treatment of that person had been the subject of oral advice , which OLC would simply be confirming in writing , something they do quite often . "
The identity of the detainee Comey had referred to is unknown .
Internal Battle Steven Bradbury , who was acting head of the OLC during Bush ’s second term , signed the May 2005 memos to reverse efforts led by former Assistant Attorney General Jack Goldsmith in 2003 and 2004 to scrap earlier OLC memos asserting Bush ’s powers over detainee treatment .
Senior Bush administration officials , including Addington and Cheney , were furious at Goldsmith , who had Comey ’s support in knocking down memos by previous OLC lawyers John Yoo and Jay Bybee .
In 2002 , Yoo and Bybee worked closely with the White House to create legal arguments for Bush to claim that his Commander - in - Chief power essentially let him operate beyond the law .
In the May 2005 memos , Bradbury reinstated key elements of the Yoo - Bybee memos clearing the way for additional use of “ enhanced interrogation techniques ” against detainees .
In another e-mail , Comey wrote that Bradbury had succumbed to pressure from Cheney and Addington because he wanted to be nominated for the prestigious job as head of OLC .
" I have previously expressed my worry that having Steve as ‘ Acting ’ -- and wanting the job -- would make him susceptible to just this kind of pressure , " Comey wrote .
( After signing the earlier memos , Bybee also was given the job he wanted , a lifetime seat on the U.S. Court of Appeals in San Francisco . )
In her book , The Dark Side , New Yorker reporter Jane Mayer recounted the episode that Comey described in his e-mails .
She wrote : " The White House was so pleased with Bradbury 's work that the day after he completed his opinion legalizing the cruelest treatment of U.S. - held prisoners in history , President Bush sent his name forward to the FBI to begin work on a background check , so that Bradbury could be formally nominated to run the OLC .
Evidently , the White House had received the ‘ work product ’ it wanted ; Bradbury had passed his probation . ”
One day after Bradbury signed the last of three torture memos issued in May 2005 , Comey sent another e-mail to Rosenberg .
“ In stark terms I explained to him what this would look like some day and what it would mean for the president and the government , ” Comey wrote on May 31 , 2005 .
( Though Bush nominated Bradbury to be assistant attorney general at the OLC , the Senate never approved the nomination . )
See - No -Toture
In the same e-mail , Comey said he , OLC deputy Philbin and Bradbury met with Gonzales that morning to prepare the Attorney General for his meeting with the Principals Committee , which was chaired by Rice .
Gonzales “ began by saying that Dr. Rice was not interested in discussing details [ of the list of torture techniques ] and that her attitude was that if DOJ said it was legal and CIA said it was effective , then that ended it , without a need for detailed policy discussion .
“ Pat [ Philbin ] and I urged [ Gonzales ] in the strongest possible terms to drive a full policy discussion of all techniques .
I said I was not going to rehash my concerns about the legal opinion , but it was simply not acceptable for Principles [ sic ] to say that everything that may be ‘ legal ’ is also appropriate .
“ In stark terms , I explained to him what this would look like some day and what it would look like for the President and the government . …
I told him it would all come out some day and be presented in the way I was presenting it . ”
However , after losing the battle over the May 2005 torture memos – and having also offended the White House regarding its warrantless wiretap program – Comey knew his days were numbered .
He soon resigned .
On Aug. 15 , 2005 , in his farewell speech , Comey urged his colleagues to defend the integrity and honesty of the Justice Department .
“ I expect that you will appreciate and protect an amazing gift you have received as an employee of the Department of Justice , ” Comey said .
“ It is a gift you may not notice until the first time you stand up and identify yourself as an employee of the Department of Justice and say something – whether in a courtroom , a conference room or a cocktail party – and find that total strangers believe what you say next .
“ That gift – the gift that makes possible so much of the good we accomplish – is a reservoir of trust and credibility , a reservoir built for us , and filled for us , by those who went before – most of whom we never knew .
They were people who made sacrifices and kept promises to build that reservoir of trust .
“ Our obligation – as the recipients of that great gift – is to protect that reservoir , to pass it to those who follow , those who may never know us , as full as we got it .
The problem with reservoirs is that it takes tremendous time and effort to fill them , but one hole in a dam can drain them .
“ The protection of that reservoir requires vigilance , an unerring commitment to truth , and a recognition that the actions of one may affect the priceless gift that benefits all .
I have tried my absolute best – in matters big and small – to protect that reservoir and inspire others to protect it . ”
Though the full import of Comey ’s comments was not apparent at the time , it now appears that he was referring to the legal gamesmanship that had enabled the Bush administration to circumvent American laws and traditions to engage in torture .
Jason Leopold has launched his own Web site , The Public Record , at www.pubrecord.org.
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
You have to get this Apollo 11 Moon Mission widget – it is awesome
Stephen Pate , NJN Network , Charlottetown , Prince Edward Island , Canada , July 14 , 2009 with story from ComputerWorld
Where were you when Neil Armstrong put the first foot on the moon ?
Do you remember when President Kennedy spoke those stirring words “ We chose to send a man to the moon . ” ?
I remember both .
Kennedy ’s decision changed the world in ways we can’t imagine .
It was the demand for smaller computers in the Command Module and Lunar Lander that created the demand for the micro electronics we take for granted today .
They went to the moon with less computer technology than the device in a modern toaster .
If you want to relive the events in real time , get the widget from the John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum –
I ’ve had it installed since 7 pm when I started a hard drive upgrade .
At first I thought helicopters were outside my window .
Then I heard voices .
It ’s the soundtrack of the pre-launch .
As I write it is it is T minus 35 hours to launch of Apollo 11 , the first flight to the moon 40 years ago .
This is going to be exciting .
OK I ’m a space nut .
I have been to Cape Canaveral twice , got the t- shirt , the jacket , the videos .
I have an early laser - disc of the IMAX movie about the mission The Dream is Alive .
I bought a sub - woofer in 1989 just to hear the rockets roar and rumble .
The American landing of a man on the moon is one of the greatest adventures of man .
We have learned so much from it .
Many of our scientific and computer innovations can be traced to Apollo .
Get the widget .
Re-live the excitement .
Except where otherwise noted , this work is licensed under a Creative Commons License – NJN Network Inc .
Like this : Like Loading ...
( CNN ) --
Phones at help centers across the country rang Saturday , a day after broadcasters halted the transmission of analog signals long depended on by many people without cable or satellite television .
Without a converter box , satellite service or cable hook - up , analog TVs will deliver only static now .
The Federal Communication Commission , on its Web site , said Friday 's switch to digital television by 971 full - power stations had prompted hundreds of thousands of calls for help " but caused no widespread disruption of free , over - the - air television broadcasts . "
It said 317,450 calls had been handled on Friday alone by the commission 's help line , 1-888- CALL-FCC .
" Of the calls handled by live FCC help - line agents , nearly 30 percent concerned the operation of digital converter boxes , " the FCC said .
" Most of those calls were resolved when consumers were instructed to ' re - scan ' their converter boxes in order to receive the digital channels that had moved to new frequencies . "
According to Nielsen Co. , which measures ratings and other television - rated data , more than 6.5 million U.S. households ( 5.7 percent of the total ) were not ready for the transition as of January 22 and would not be able to get any television programming on their sets .
That number had been cut in half by Friday , Acting FCC Chairman Michael Copp said .
But that still left more than 3 million households unprepared .
In some cases that prove unsolveable over the phone , volunteers are going to the callers ' homes and helping them install the converter boxes .
With 4,000 agents answering calls , average wait time on the help line was 4.6 minutes , the FCC said , and 1.8 minutes for Spanish - speaking calls .
Agents on average spent over 8.4 minutes per call .
Staffers at one of three assistance centers in Atlanta said they had fielded more than 600 calls from people needing help .
" Most of the calls have been about ' I have the converter box , but I can't get it to work , ' " said Helen Butler , executive director of The Coalition for the Peoples ' Agenda , which helped set up the Atlanta assistance centers .
" Some have been , ' My television has gone blank .
What are they doing to me ? ' "
Butler said most of those her group is helping are low - income , elderly residents , but are simply not technologically savvy -- people who have bought a digital converter box but can't figure out how to make it work .
Congress ordered the change in 2005 to free analog frequencies for other uses .
Government coupons worth $ 40 to help offset the cost of converter boxes are available through July 31 .
Viewers with cable or satellite hookups are n't affected by the change .
Though he expressed satisfaction with the initial change , Copps said the job is not over .
" This transition is not a one - day affair , " he said in a posting on the FCC Web site .
" We have known about re-scanning and reception issues for some time and have been doing our best to get the word out .
We will continue to work with every consumer who needs assistance in making this important and necessary transition . "
He added , " Over the next few days , weeks and perhaps months , we need to keep our efforts in overdrive , continuing to conduct a national field , phone and Internet operation .
We need to ' search and rescue ' viewers who are still unprepared .
And we need to remind viewers to rescan their TVs and boxes , and adjust their antennas . "
CNN Radio's Barbara
Hall contributed to this report .
All About Digital Televisions
De WikiQuébec
Bienvenue dans WikiQuébec
Objectifs de WikiQuébec
est un espace collaboratif de construction des connaissances
WikiQuébec a pour but de développer une vision rigoureuse et approfondie des arguments en faveur de l’indépendance du Québec .
WikiQuébec n'est pas un site partisan .
Il n'est contrôlé par aucun parti politique .
Il ne vise pas à faire la critique des gestes particuliers des hommes et des femmes politiques qui siègent au parlement canadien ou à l'Assemblée nationale .
Il vise à faire la critique du régime politique canadien , à en identifier les blocages au développement du Québec et à présenter des projets collectifs qui deviendront possibles grâce à l'indépendance du Québec .
Politique éditoriale
La Politique éditoriale décrit les objectifs du projet , la description des utilisateurs , les catégories de contenu thématique et les principes quant à l'édition des documents .
Accès au contenu .
Le contenu thématique de WikiQuébec est distribué en cinq grands thèmes ou sections .
Les documents de WikiQuébec ont plusieurs fonctions et s'adressent à différents types d'utilisateurs , à différents rôles dans la promotion de l'indépendance .
Nous identifions cinq catégories de pages .
Les arguments , les blocages , les analyses , les projets ainsi que les concepts .
Voir la définition de ces termes dans la politique éditoriale .
The math in California housing simply does not add up .
Given the amount of sales and monthly foreclosures over the past few months , it would appear that banks are sitting back while a gigantic backlog of foreclosures grows .
A few in the media are calling attention to this obvious fraud but not many .
The California housing market is reeling from an epic mulit - decade long real estate bubble .
For the past few months , foreclosures have been hitting at a record pace yet the official MLS inventory is falling lower and lower .
I have pulled up data for the largest California counties with MLS data from March and compared it to July and what you will see is simply astonishing .
I will compare this data with actual foreclosures and what you see is banks are taking homes back , failing to list them on the MLS , and basically sitting back probably hoping the government bails them out .
Let us first look at the March and July snapshots of inventory :
* Source : MLS data
As many of you know , the spring and summer are usually the hottest selling seasons and this normally will see both a jump in sales but also inventory .
What we see here instead is a massive drop in inventory of 26 percent in 4 months !
This data here is n’t the big shocker however .
When we start looking at sales and actual foreclosures , that is when we start realizing something is terribly amiss :
* Source : DataQuick
It is safe to assume that for June , taking an average from the past 3 months would give us a total of 38,000 to 40,000 additional homes sold in California for last month .
So with that information , we can add the last 4 months to see that a total of approximately 151,000 + homes sold in California .
Looking at our list of the largest California counties , we notice that the list on the MLS dropped by 44,439 .
But we know that over half of homes sold are foreclosure re-sales .
This means in the last four months out of the 151,000 homes sold in California , some 75,000 to 80,000 homes that sold were distressed properties .
And here is where the major data discrepancies begin for the California housing market .
Let us look at the distress inventory for this same timeframe :
In the same time that California was selling an average of 38,000 homes a month , an average 47,000 homes were being foreclosed on .
So even looking at this basic data set for 4 months , we know that in March 20,787 homes that sold were foreclosure re-sales .
But during March , we know that California had 48,927 actual foreclosures ( we are n’t counting the 58,959 notice of defaults that will become foreclosures in 6 to 9 months ) .
This pattern holds for April and May and I would assume June as well .
So what is the bottom line ?
Some 23,000 to 28,000 homes per month that are foreclosed or now owned by the bank do n’t make their way to the public MLS !
That is why in this short time frame , we see the actual public data dwindle because organic sales from non-distressed properties are accounted for , but the building distress market is kept off the books and this is enormous .
In fact , the MLS data is well accounted for :
Non-distress CA homes sold :
March : 15,428
April : 17,048
May : 19,096
June* : 17,191 ( running average from previous 3 months )
Total : 68,763
And this would make sense since in our tiny subset , we accounted for 44,000 + homes that came off the MLS in this timeframe without including all California counties .
Yet this is tremendously deceiving to the public .
The pundits are spinning this data just like they spin the terrible unemployment numbers and are saying look at how quickly inventory is dropping .
Well sure , this is the only data that we can see .
But knowing the rest of the story we know that some 23,000 to 28,000 foreclosed properties are sitting somewhere either being sold off in bulk to investors or simply put , just sitting .
We know that looking at closed escrow sales data that over half of the market is foreclosed properties so this is the market .
I ’m not the only one seeing this :
“ ( LA Times )
The percentage of Los Angeles County mortgages delinquent by 90 days or more in May was nearly double the rate last year , First American CoreLogic reported today .
May ’s 9.5 % delinquency rate for L.A. County was up from 5 % of mortgages late by 90 days or more in May 2008 .
First American bases its foreclosure analyses on public records .
While the default rate has nearly doubled , the number of homes actually being sold at auction — the final foreclosure stage — has shrunk .
In May , the L.A. County repossession rate was down to 1 % of mortgages , from 1.1 % a year ago .
This discrepancy is the “ foreclosure backlog ” now looming over the housing market .
It ’s caused by various government - mandated and voluntary foreclosure moratoriums , and possibly by lenders trying to manage the flow of repossessed homes entering the market .
Nationally , First American reported 6.5 % of mortgages were in default in May , up from 4 % in May 2008 .
The national repossession rate was 0.7 % in May , up from 0.6 % in May 2007 . ”
The amount of inventory being kept off the public view is simply enormous .
This is going to end badly for a state with a massive fiscal budget problem .
I have yet to see any deeper analysis trying to pinpoint the actual figure since it is hard to get any accurate figures from banks , but looking at data we know to be true , we know something is absolutely rotten in Denmark .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
Backpacking :
Where to go ; readying yourself for an overnight hike .
Backpacking means carrying life 's necessities , food ; clothes ; bedding and shelter , on your back .
With today 's lightweight equipment , a pack load for a weekend trip in summer need not exceed 20 to 30 pounds .
Condition yourself for a trip by walking or jogging daily .
Work up to 6 miles of walking ; then begin carrying a backpack with a gradually increasing load .
It 's best to backpack with at least two partners .
In case of injury , one can stay with the injured person while the other goes for help .
Where to backpack : National and state parks and forests provide the best back country camping .
Inquire at park headquarters or at a state parks department about trails and campsites .
Other sources are guide books , trail maps , and outing clubs .
In selecting a destination , consider the difficulty of the terrain , the physical condition of party members , and the availability of water .
A rule of thumb is not to exceed 5 to 10 miles per day on easy terrain at the outset .
A 10 - minute rest for each hiking hour gives you the chance to remove the burden from your shoulders , drink water , eat a snack , take pictures , and savor the wilds .
Allow ample time to arrive at your campsite before dusk .
Food and cooking equipment : Nothing beats a hot meal at day 's beginning and end .
Rent , borrow , or buy a cook stove and fuel , a set of nesting pots , a pot gripper , and a pot holder .
Also bring plastic bowls and cups and spoons for each person .
Dehydrated and freeze - dried foods packaged for campers are convenient but expensive .
You can pick up many items from your supermarket , such as instant cereal , dried soups , potato and rice dishes , and pasta sauces .
Go heavy on carbohydrates ; season with herbs ; add canned tuna or frankfurters for flavor .
Put the ingredients for each meal in individual plastic bags labeled as to which meal it is .
Take dried fruits , nuts , and candies for desserts and trail snacks .
Clothing : Plan your first trip for warm weather .
It simplifies your choice of clothing .
Cotton is cool next to the skin , but cotton - synthetic blends dry faster if they get wet .
On warm days enjoy the freedom of loose - fitting hiking shorts .
But for protection against nighttime temperatures , insects , and brambles , bring long pants and a light , long - sleeved shirt .
Cool weather calls for a sweater , long underwear , a down - filled or synthetic - insulated vest or parka , and wool cap and mittens .
Prepare for rain with a hooded poncho or a pants - and - parka outfit of waterproof and breathable fabric .
( Breathable fabric allows body moisture to escape . )
Wear lightweight boots of leather or of fabric and leather with ridged soles for traction .
To reduce boot friction , wear a pair of silk , cotton , or light wool socks under thick over socks of wool or wool and synthetic .
Break in new boots by walking around in them for an hour a day ; when they feel comfortable , extend the time and mileage .
Sleeping gear :
Although expensive , a good down or synthetic sleeping bag will last many years with care .
A closed - cell foam pad or an air mattress under your sleeping bag will make your bed nearly as comfy as at home .
A foam pad weighs less and insulates better against cold ground , but an air mattress provides better cushioning .
Tents :
If possible , borrow or rent tents at first , trying different styles before investing in one .
A tent should be light - weight and well ventilated and should have mosquito - proof netting at all openings .
It should have a seamless , waterproof floor extending up the sides 6 to 12 inches ; the top should be of breathable nylon fabric , and there should be a separate rain fly .
The pack and its contents :
The pack too can be rented .
It should have an internal or external frame to help support the load .
Proper fit and adjustment of straps are essential , so ask a sales person or experienced friend for help .
Carry a flashlight , first aid kit , waterproof matches and backup light , a knife with can and bottle opener , a filled water bottle and water - purification tablets , trail maps , sunscreen , sunglasses , insect repellent , toilet paper , whistle , rope ( for hanging food from a tree out of animals ' reach ) , and change for emergency phone calls .
You may include camera , binoculars , field guides , and fishing gear , but remember that each item adds weight .
Keep the pack 's center of gravity high and forward .
Put light items at the bottom , heavier ones at top .
Items needed on the trail : snacks , water bottle , maps , and rain gear go in outer pockets or near the top .
Pack the sleeping bag and pad in a waterproof bag and lash it to the bottom of the pack with straps or shock cords .
Before setting out , tell at least one friend or relative your plans .
Check the weather forecast .
At the trail head or ranger station ( if any ) , sign in and inform the authorities where you 're going and when you plan to return .
My hobbyist coding updates and releases as the mysterious " Mr. Tines "
Photo Gallery Retaliation , Refugees and Phosphorus Bombs
At the beginning of 2009 , Israel justified its military operation Cast Lead in the Gaza Strip as a fair war .
But now Israeli soldiers are speaking out about willful destruction -- from the indiscriminate use of phosphorus bombs to the death of Palestinian civilians .
This Eggplant Kofta Kebab takes the regular meatballs to the next level .
So authentic and super delicious !
You ’ll be amazed when you see that it ’s possible to make it at home .
What is your favorite summer recipe ?
Ours is Eggplant Kofta Kebab because it ’s the perfect season for eggplants .
I hardly ever buy eggplants in winter because they are so tasteless .
On the other hand , one of my favorite vegetable to buy when it is summer time is eggplant and love to create new recipes with it .
Summer is the season of many vegetables here , and one of the most outstanding vegetables in Summer is eggplant .
We can see eggplants at markets in the Winter as well , but they do n’t have the same taste as the ones at bazaars .
The difference of these two shopping centers is so obvious at this point .
I do n’t know if this is the same in other countries , but although they are lower at price , the vegetables and fruits at bazaars are always much fresher .
That ’s why I always prefer shopping there .
At bazaars , you are not allowed to pick the vegetables yourselves and fill your bag , sellers do it for you .
You just tell him how many kilos you want .
Some people may find it unfair and prefer markets as they are more free there to pick what they want .
But what does it mean when they are not that fresh ?
I think I must talk on the meanings of market and bazaar in our culture .
Market is the same in Turkish , just its pronunciation is different , but its meaning may also have some difference from its English meaning .
Market is a closed area ( I mean which has a roof ) with many things like canned / packaged foods , vegetables and fruits , detergents , kitchen utensils , garden tools , so many various things .
Here we buy things , put it in the shopping basket and pay it to cashiers in cash or with credit cards .
As for bazaar , we call it ‘ pazar ’ in Turkish and they are always at open areas .
( I think they are also called open markets in English , I do n’t know if they have difference . )
They are open in certain neighborhoods on certain days , so you have to wait for that day for shopping and people generally buy their needs weekly .
Unlike markets , these bazaars are generally based on vegetables , fruits , homemade breads , cheese , yogurt , no detergent or other things not related to food , but some bigger ones may have clothes stands .
And we must pay in cash at bazaars , no credit cards .
Besides the fresh foods , the thing I love the most at bazaars is the conversations I have with the sellers and other people who are shopping there .
I think markets add to modern indivual ’s alienation , no social relationships there , just fill your shopping basket and pay .
Of course the role of the music playing at markets can not be ignored here .
It prevents you from feeling lonely and also it makes you feel yourself as an important person .
I know many people ‘ visiting ’ markets to spend time , not for shopping , they just watch the aisles , compare products and leave .
On the contrary , you feel the life energy and interactions between people by the time you approach to a bazaar .
You start to hear sellers ’ voices trying to attract customers .
You can ask sellers where that product is grown and talk for a while .
You can even get a recipe from a seller or an old lady while shopping .
Sellers at our bazaars are always so funny and creative , they find different descriptions or slogans for their products and they continually repeat them in a high tone .
They may suddenly break a cucumber in half just as you ’re passing along to show how fresh it is and say it is like fresh green almond .
The seller which sold me these eggplants was repeating this ; ‘ perfect for kebab , perfect for kebab , perfect for kebab , come on look at this ’ .
As you can guess , I went and buy as I was intrigued by the word ‘ kebab ’ .
Kebab is the general name of meat dishes grilled on skewers on wood fire .
It has many varieties and it can be made from lamb ( the best for me ) or beef , diced or minced .
There are also some meat dishes cooked in pots on stove but called kebab though .
This eggplant kebab is traditionally grilled on wood fire and eggplants and meatballs are strung on skewers , but I cooked it in oven , so I did n’t use skewers .
Homemade version is made with this method .
Information obtained by a Freedom of Information Act request by the Conquistador Group in Arizona has found that as Secretary Salazar stands before the Statue of Liberty in his white cowboy hat and speaks of the great American experience , he is also presiding over the formal plans to kill 33,000 wild horses and provide stress counseling for the BLM workers who carry out his orders .
A quite different American experience .
Over 19 million acres of BLM Wild Horse Territories have been " zeroed out " of all wild horses , with several more million acres and hundreds of more horses targeted .
The BLM has repeatedly claimed that the wild horses are responsible for the destruction of public lands through overgrazing , yet the impact of the less than 30,000 remaining wild horses on public lands are minimal compared to the approximately 400,000 head of cattle ( a conservative estimate , based on the 600 million Animal Unit Months quoted by BLM Wild Horse & Burro Bureau Chief , Don Glen ) , that are on these same public lands ,
In addition , the BLM continues to ignore and invert the science behind horse vs cattle grazing and continues to claim horses have a more negative impact on grass conditions , even though cattle , unlike horses , do not have front teeth and actually pull out the grasses by the roots and have a much more adverse effect on range conditions .
The ranching industry has long sought to obfuscate the science and the BLM has often been led by those sympathetic if not indeed part of that industry , much like Secretary Salazar , who hails from a ranching family in Colorado and who as a Senator voted to allow downed and diseased animals into the American families ’ food supply .
A Viable and Humane Alternative
The humane slaughter of wild horses , a long - necked flight animal , is a difficult if not impossible task for the BLM ’s employees , let alone for slaughterhouses designed and equipped for the slaughter of passive domestic bovines .
Unbeknownst to most civilized Americans , the 2004 GAO Report on the Humane Slaughter Act of 1958 indicates slaughterhouses have a difficult enough time humanely slaughtering cows , with pneumatic bolt guns often ineffective in rendering them unconscious , leaving bovines conscious as they are suspended by a single hind leg for their terrifying journey down through the slaughter disassembly line .
A viable and humane alternative to the wholesale slaughter of the wild horses has existed for 20 years .
Dartable Porcine Zona Pellucida ( PZP ) birth control was developed 20 years ago by Dr. Jay Kirkpatrick .
The application of PZP to mares would control the birth rate within wild horse herds , with 90 % efficacy per the BLM , whereas round - ups and removals actually result in doubling the birth rate through compensatory reproduction ,
BLM claims that darting of wild horses is difficult seem preposterous , given the fact that lure trapping and darting have been in use by humans since they inhabited caves .
The BLM has acknowledged PZP as a viable alternative through it ’s inclusion as an option ( mostly unused ) in multiple Environmental Assessments , through their statement on the successful application of the 12 month form of PZP on the Assateague wild horses ( among others ) and through their current BLM policy , as of 7/1/09 , on the trial use of the 22 month form of PZP on all wild horse that may be released from a gather .
With a well thought out management plan in place , utilizing the many available suitable options , the wild horses can be returned to the Wild Horse Territories , as originally intended by the 1971 Free Roaming Wild Horse and Burro Act , and save the American taxpayers the more than 39 million dollar per year cost of round - ups and holding pens fees .
An Obama Administation Legacy ?
Horses have fought under our soldiers in wars from the Revolutionary War , for which we celebrate our Independence Day , through World War I .
Horses have been instrumental in the settlement of the West , in both the settlement of the Spanish in the Southwest and in the western expansion of the American frontier , as they have pulled the wagons west , plowed our fields wherever we have settled , and yes even drove our cattle .
Even as the horse helped western expansion , Native Americans adopted the horse and regarded them as one of their spiritual animals .
Will the mass killing of 33,000 wild horses , a living symbol that embodies the free spirit of the American West , be one of the great legacies of Obama Administration ?
Colombian bio-energy boom is a bust for farmers
Colombias biofuel industry is increasingly coming under scrutiny for human rights abuses .
Palm tree oil companies in particular have been accused of using using illegal militias to seize land from thousands of primarily Afro-Colombian and indigenous farmers .
The Washington Post has reported that as many as 3,000 farmers have been forced to abandon a total of 247,000 acres of land .
After launching an investigation against 27 palm oil companies in 2007 , last March Colombias Attorney General ordered nine of them to return thousands of acres of land to rural households .
This territory was allegedly obtained through methods like doctored records , false land titles or slightly messier strategies , like cutting off peoples arms and using the fingerprints to forge signatures .
So far , three palm oil companies have agreed to return 3,200 acres to their rightful owners .
But more needs to be done to ensure that Colombias bio-energy boom is actually beneficial for the rural poor , rather than yet another cause of terror and displacement .
At the moment , most of the production and processing of biofuels is done through large - scale producers , such as the five sugarcane mills in Valle del Cauca that reportedly pump out one million liters of ethanol a day .
The State needs to better promote and develop small - scale bioenergy technologies that campesinos could use to tangibly improve their lives .
In countries like Zambia , Tanzania and Mali , local farmers co-ops  often headed by women  have turned biodiesel - producing - plants into their villages new cash crop .
In Costa Rica , one non-profit helps foster local sustainable energy use by assisting rural women in building and using their own solar stoves .
If small - scale farmers in Colombia could sell seeds and produce to biofuel processors in the same way that small - scale coffee farmers already do with coffee buyers , this would also help cut down on the damage caused by large - scale biofuel farming .
Massive monoculture plantations are used to cultivate palm oil , sugar cane and cassava , which not only threatens local biodiversity , but also necessitates heavy duty use of pesticides and chemical fertilizers .
Microlevel banking has already been proved a huge success around the world .
Similarly for Colombias bio-energy business , bigger is not always better .
The State also needs to do more to address the disgrace which is Urapalma .
There is strong evidence that this particular palm oil company has seized approximately 52,000 acres of land in Choco since 2001 , with paramilitary thugs doing the dirty work .
Both Jens Mesa , president of the national palm growers  federation , and Prosecutor General Mario Iguaran need to stop complaining that these charges are blown out of proportion and actually conduct a transparent , thorough investigation .
This is no easy task in Colombia , but Uribes government should realize that it desperately needs to clean up its image .
For better or worse , Uribe is hoping that the Obama administration soon ratifies the U.S. - Colombia Free Trade Agreement .
The U.S.A. will remain iffy about doing so , as long as it appears that paramilitary groups are terrorizing the countryside without so much a slap on the wrist .
Colombia can demonstrate its commitment to stopping human rights abuses by coming down hard on biofuel - related violence .
The U.S. government also needs to pull its own weight .
There is some evidence that U.S. dollars may potentially have ended up funding at least two palm oil companies with paramilitary and drug trafficking links .
$ 161,000 worth of USAID money allegedly went to Coproagrosur and another $ 650,000 to Gradesa , two companies that reportedly had known paras sitting on their board of directors .
The U.S. can make good when the Senate votes on Plan Colombia , slated for 2010 .
Earlier this week , a subcommittee of the House of Representatives approved $ 520 million in aid .
U.S. Senator Patrick Leahy of Vermont has added an amendment to the plan that would pull funding from palm oil companies shown to have forcibly seized land and displaced farmers .
As of now , this Senate amendment is slated for removal by 2010 .
Quick , painless advice : dont delete it !
Colombia may yet see a green revolution within its borders .
But let s ensure its a revolution without blood on its hands .
He encouraged people to book tickets with the unlikely enticement : " Michael Palin is going to appear in drag for the first time in several years – in public anyway . "
Very interesting .
.....
Read out loud the text inside the triangle below .
More than likely you said , " A bird in the bush , " and ........
if this IS what YOU said , then you failed to see
that the word THE is repeated twice !
Sorry , look again .
Test Your Brain
This is really cool .
The second one is amazing so please read all the way though .
ALZHEIMERS ' EYE TEST
Count every " F " in the following text :
FINISHED FILES ARE THE RE
SULT OF YEARS OF SCIENTI
FIC STUDY COMBINED WITH
THE EXPERIENCE OF YEARS ...
( SEE BELOW )
HOW MANY ?
WRONG , THERE ARE 6 -- no joke .
READ IT AGAIN !
Really , go Back and Try to find the 6 F's before you scroll down .
The reasoning behind is further down .
The brain cannot process " OF " .
Incredible or what ?
Go back and look again !!
Anyone who counts all 6 " F's " on the first go is a genius .
Three is normal , four is quite rare .
Send this to your friends .
It will drive them crazy .!
And keep them occupied
For several minutes ..!
More Brain Stuff . . .
From Cambridge University ....
O lny srmat poelpe can raed tihs .
cdnuolt blveiee taht I cluod aulaclty uesdnatnrd waht I was rdanieg .
The
phaonmneal pweor of the hmuan mnid , aoccdrnig to a rscheearch at Cmabrigde Uinervtisy ,
it deos n't mttaer in waht oredr the ltteers in a wrod are , the olny iprmoatnt tihng is taht the frist and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae .
The rset can be a taotl mses and you can sitll raed it wouthit a porbelm .
Tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef , but the wrod as a wlohe .
Amzanig huh ?
yaeh and I awlyas tghuhot slpeling was ipmorantt !
if
you can raed tihs psas it on !!
Psas Ti ON !
Well , How many F's did you count in the ALZHEIMERS ' EYE TEST ?
I counted 4 .
This post has been edited by Patterson Abraham : Jun 2 2009 , 04:00 PM
In light of the following numbers , it looks like the GOP ’s strategy to attack Justice Sotomayor and paint Obama as an illegal alien Manchurian Candidate worked out great :
Yes , that ’s a 24 - point decrease in net favorability over just three months !
Brilliant .
Absolutely brilliant .
Following a Twitter announcement from former congressional candidate Tim Bridgewater ( R ) that he would challenge Bennett , Shurtleff fired off a series of Twitter messages that he thought were private .
The writing is strange and hard to decipher , but the message is clear : Shurtleff is in .
“ I'm announcing I 'm running at 12 , " he wrote in one .
“ it will also be against Bennett and I ’ll pick up his delegates when he drops off the first ballot , ” Shurtleff writes , apparently referring to the multi- ballot nominating process at the Utah GOP ’s state convention .
He says in another that he will have “ all of the legislative conservative causcus [ sic ] and other senators and representatives there endorsing me .
Time to rock and roll ! "
The Republicans ' opposition to Johnsen is hypocritical , given their acquiescence in the rank politicization of the Office of Legal Counsel in the Bush years .
But even Sen. Dianne Feinstein ( D - Calif. ) has noted that the nominee has not been a cloistered academic .
Feinstein said she voted for Johnsen in the Judiciary Committee after the nominee assured her " in no uncertain terms " that she would leave her views as an activist behind when she returned to the office , where she served during the Clinton administration .
Feinstein added : " I take her at her word . "
So do we , and only partly because Johnsen has broad support from the legal community .
Her most impressive qualification for the position , in addition to her prior service , is a detailed position paper she and 18 other former Office of Legal Counsel lawyers published after the release of the first torture memo .
It offers a mirror image of the way the office behaved during the Bush administration : " When providing legal advice to guide contemplated executive branch action , OLC should provide an accurate and honest appraisal of applicable law , even if that advice will constrain the administration 's pursuit of desired policies .
The advocacy model of lawyering , in which lawyers craft merely plausible legal arguments to support their clients ' desired actions , inadequately promotes the president 's constitutional obligation to ensure the legality of executive action . "
Wait ...
The Democratsthe Senate , right ?
Even with Republicans preventing Al Franken from being seated -- and even with Ted Kennedy incapacitated -- there are still 58 of 'em and only 40 Republicans .
So what happened to President Obama 's nomination of David Hayes as the # 2 guy at the Interior Department ?
Obeying directives from Limbaugh and Cheney and the rest of the obstructionist hard core , the Republican Senate caucus decided on afilibuster .
When Reid moved to shut down debate -- for which he needs 60 votes -- he wound up with a 57 - 39 outcome , 3 short .
I hate to say it but clearly , it 's time for Kennedy to give up his seat .
( Kerry was attending a military funeral in Massachusetts , which is why he missed the vote and Mikulski has been out for a few days . )
Reid and Kyl traded votes so that , under the arcane Senate rules , Reid can bring it up again , and Olympia Snowe crossed the aisle and voted with the Democrats .
( With Kerry , Mikulski and either Kennedy or Franken voting , the cloture would have -- or , more important -- will in the future , be successful . )
Hayes , the first of Obama 's nominees to be rejected by the Senate , is an environmental lawyer and he was targeted by GOP hack Bob Bennett ( R - UT ) because Interior Secretary Ken Salazar canceled oil and gas leases .
Salazar right after the vote : " It may be uncomfortable for some to watch us have to clean up mess after mess -- from corruption to lawbreaking -- that is the previous administration ’s legacy at Interior , but to cast a vote against such a qualified and fine person is the height of cynicism .
" So why does Bennett have his panties all in a tangle ?
Ahh ... glad you asked .
Back in March we looked at a little intra-party political problem Senator Bennett is having back in the theocratic homeland of the Mormon Cult .
If you 're an avid twitterer , you may be aware that what we warned about back then was revealed -- by another klutzy Republican troglodyte -- this morning .
Bennett is viewed as a something of mainstream conservative and the Utah Republican Party is cleaning house and movingto the right .
Last year they ousted another mainstream conservative , Chris Cannon , and replaced him with a hard right fanatic , Jason Chaffetz , a confirmed bigot and someone way out of the mainstream of American political thought -- just the way most of the Mormon hierarchy likes 'em .
Next up on the chopping block is Bennett , who was , until today 's twittery slip , hoping to avoid a vicious primary with Utah 's neo-fascist Attorney General , Mark Shurtleff .
Like most Republican politicians , Shurtleff is clueless about how to use technology but knows he has to make himself look like he 's one of the cool kids .
So , forgetting it's a public communication system , the hapless AG sent out a series of tweets -- now removed Ministry of Truth style -- giving away his hand .
( Someone who knows what a slimy character Shurtleff is , photographed the evidence . )
Anyway , Bennett has been on a lunatic fringe rampage all year trying to prove that he is n't a mainstream conservative but a neo - fascist obstructionist maniac .
Uncharacteristically , this year he's one of the deadly zeroes , a group of 25 far right obstructionists who have voted against every single proposal President Obama has put forward .
His score is zero ; Orrin Hatch 's is 6.06 .
Hatch is n't up for re-election .
There are two unrelated matters each related to today 's vote that I want to point out .
First is that , despite an hysterical and bloody uproar from the nutroots , the GOP Establishment is determined to destroy far right Florida fringe candidate Marco Rubio 's primary campaign so they can get relatively moderate ( and electable ) Charlie Crist into the Senate .
Yesterday Red State 's Erik Erickson warned after the NRSC endorsed Crist that they would be sorry when all the " salacious stuff " started coming out about him .
Even more important is another vote coming up to confirm Dawn Johnsen to run the Department of Justice ’s Office of Legal Counsel .
Normally the Senate just gives nominees alook and then confirms them with a voice vote .
That 's how a scumbag and torturer like Jay Bybee got the job .
But the Republicans have decided Johnsen is too liberal for the job , regardless of what the president thinks .
And yesterday Harry Reid confirmed that he does n't have the votes to prevent them from theirfilibuster maneuver .
Odd how one of Bush 's most controversial nominees , Michael Mukasey , was confirmed as Attorney General with 53 votes while Johnsen needs 60 votes to be confirmed .
Pseudo - Democrats Arlen Specter and Ben Nelson have vowed to oppose her nomination , although at one time it looked like Nelson had agreed to votecloture , which would allow an up or down vote that Johnsen would easily win .
Reid actually only needs one more GOP vote ( since Lugar favors the nomination ) and both Maine senators say they are still deciding how to vote .
A few days ago an editorial urged her confirmation and pointed to the horrifying hypocrisy of the Republicans ' tactics :
" The irony is overwhelming : Republicans in the Senate are opposing -- and may try to filibuster -- President Obama 's choice to head the Justice Department agency that during the Bush administration provided legal cover for the torture of suspected terrorists .
Their argument : Indiana University law professor Dawn Johnsen is a partisan activist who would politicize the Office of Legal Counsel , which is charged with providing the executive branch with an objective analysis of existing law .
" That hate her because she 's so outspoken about her opposition to torture and because she 's a powerful voice for pro-choice positions .
She 's probably one of the half dozen best nominations Obama has made so far .
Pennsylvania progressives should watch carefully to see how the Senate 's newest " Democrat " votes on this one .
And anyone know what ever happened to Harry Reid 's public promise to seat Al Franken by the beginning of April ?
Employee Free Choice is extremely important if we 're going to turn the economic tide and go back towards middle - class friendly policies .
But it is n't the only reason to look askance at Biden 's lame deal to make Specter a Democrat :
Labels : Arlen Specter , David Hayes , Dawn Johnsen , filibuster , obstructionist Republicans , OLC , Robert Bennett , Utah
The thing with thongs is that they need to be taken seriously if they are to work , and I am not sure I can take this one too seriously .
It 's the pattern you see , and the way he jingle - jangles his bits around inside it .
Read More >>
Killings suspect done in by dropped cell phone EAST BAY
Anthony Ramirez , 25 , was convicted of murdering a marijuana dealer in Emeryville during a 2008 robbery attempt .
Anthony Ramirez , 25 , was convicted of murdering a marijuana dealer in Emeryville during a 2008 robbery attempt .
Photo : Courtesy , Pinole Police Dept Photo : Courtesy , Pinole Police Dept Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Killings suspect done in by dropped cell phone 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
An East Bay triple - slaying suspect left his cell phone behind at the scene of a Pinole burglary and then called it to get it back , unaware that a police officer was on the other end , authorities said Tuesday .
Anthony Ramirez , 23 , never got his phone .
Instead , he is in jail , charged with killing a man in Emeryville and suspected of two other homicides in Contra Costa County , Pinole police Sgt. Matthew Messier said .
It all began at about 9:30 p.m. May 22 when a burglar broke into a home on Alice Way in Pinole .
The resident interrupted the break - in , and the burglar fled out the window .
But he left his cell phone behind .
As Pinole police were scouring the home for evidence , they heard a cell phone ring .
Officer Uri Nieves answered it .
" Hey , did you find my phone ? " said the voice on the other end .
Nieves acted as if he was " just some guy who picked it up off the street , " Messier said .
Nieves nailed his role .
" He 's a very street - savvy officer who actually grew up in a rough neighborhood in Sacramento , " Messier said .
Nieves asked the caller what his name was , and he replied , " Tony . "
Nieves arranged to return the phone to Tony - for a price - at the Boys and Girls Club on Appian Way .
Ramirez drove to the scene in a stolen Nissan 350Z , police said .
Pinole police tried to box the car in with their cruisers , but Ramirez escaped after crashing the Nissan at Appian and Garden Way , Messier said .
Officers found a sawed - off .30 - 30 rifle in the car .
Pinole police identified Ramirez as the suspect and learned that he was wanted in Emeryville for the April 20 , 2008 , shooting death of Chad Clarke on the 5500 block of Beaudry Street .
Pinole handed the phone over to Emeryville police .
On May 27 , officers found Ramirez outside a home on Samuel Street in Pinole , where he had apparently been sleeping on a mattress on the front porch , Messier said .
Even as officers were closing in on him , Ramirez was texting his phone to arrange a meeting to get it back , unaware that the person on the other end this time was an Emeryville police officer , Messier said .
Two other sawed - off rifles were found at the home , police said .
In the Emeryville killing , Ramirez is accused of murdering Clarke during an attempted home - invasion robbery .
Another man , Ricco Orlando Earl , 29 , has also been charged with murder .
Ramirez was also being sought in connection with the April beating death of El Cerrito city employee Bruce King , 55 , in his El Sobrante home , and the September shooting death of Ryan Valdez , Ramirez 's half - brother , said Jimmy Lee , a Contra Costa sheriff 's spokesman .
A second suspect in King 's slaying , Raymond Gardner , 45 , has been charged with murder .
Police are gratified that Ramirez was arrested without incident , Messier said , because the swastika - tattooed suspect told an acquaintance that " he was not going to be taken alive . "
The first of two brand - new confabs , both dedicated to open source software , kicks off today at the Oregon Convention Center .
A second follows in September .
Each convention seeks to tap into Portland 's software community by mining the city 's reputation for collaboration and socializing , key elements in open source development .
Open source conferences
Open Source Bridge
Details : Wednesday through Friday at the Oregon Convention Center
Focus : Collaboration within the open source developer community
Expected attendance : 400
Highlights : Thursday keynotes include wiki creator Ward Cunningham and Portland Mayor Sam Adams
Cost : $ 250 , or $ 99 for a single day
More information : Open Source Bridge
LinuxCon
Details : Sept. 21-23 at the Portland Marriott Downtown Waterfront
Focus : Technical conference for developers working on the Linux computer operating system
Expected attendance : 500
Highlights : Talks by Linux founder Linus Torvalds and by IBM open source vice president Bob Sutor
Cost : $ 399 ( for those who register by Aug. 15 )
More information : LinuxCon
When Portland lost a major technology conference last year , the city 's techies saw an opportunity .
" Nobody gets excited about going to a conference where there are n't people they want to talk to , " said Audrey Eschright , a Web developer and co-chair of Open Source Bridge , which starts today .
Open Source Bridge plans a loose " unconference " format , Eschright said , in hopes of bringing together developers from a variety of specialties .
" We wanted people that work with different technologies to talk to each other , " said Eschright , one of 30 volunteers staging the conference .
Unlike proprietary software , including Windows , open source software is open to user modification and is frequently given away .
Open source software plays an increasingly important role in all manner of computer technology , from Web browsing to mobile phones .
Open Source Bridge and September 's LinuxCon replace the O'Reilly Open Source Convention , which announced last year that it was leaving Portland after six years .
The conference moved this year to San Jose .
OSCON 's organizers gave conflicting accounts of the reason for the switch , first suggesting that the economic downturn made it too expensive for developers to travel to Portland , and later complaining that Portland 's convention facilities are too small for a convention that typically drew about 2,000 .
OSCON is not only among the biggest open source conferences , it was also the biggest national conference of any kind held annually in Portland .
Together , the two new conferences expect to attract slightly less than half of OSCON 's attendance this year .
Portland remains a hub for open source developers , though , and is home to some of the biggest names in the field .
Those include wiki creator Ward Cunningham , who speaks at Open Source Bridge on Thursday , and Linux inventor Linus Torvalds , who speaks at LinuxCon in September .
" Portland is the open source mecca of the U.S. , I would say , so there 's no better place to have this , " said Amanda McPherson , vice president with the Linux Foundation , which is organizing LinuxCon .
Open Source Bridge and LinuxCon plan on becoming annual events , but McPherson said LinuxCon may visit other cities before returning to Portland .
Open Source Bridge plans to be back here next year .
Because open source software is often free , McPherson said , it has an added attraction during the recession .
" In a down economy , we have seen some strength for Linux , " she said .
-- Mike Rogoway ; twitter : @rogoway
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
BNP leader Nick Griffin has been elected to the European Parliament as the party won its first two seats .
Mr Griffin was elected for the North West region while Andrew Brons picked up another BNP seat in Yorkshire and Humber , where it won 10 % of the vote .
Mr Griffin said the BNP was not racist , but won votes because it " spoke openly about the problem of immigration . "
Labour 's Harriet Harman described the result as " terrible " while Tory leader David Cameron said he was " sickened " .
' Great victory '
Mr Griffin was elected to Brussels even though the BNP polled fewer votes in the region than it had in 2004 - the slump in Labour support meant its share of the vote increased .
It meant that although the BNP came fifth in the popular vote in the region , it won a seat through the system of proportional representation used in the European elections .
The Labour Party , the Lib Dems and the Tories , by leaving the door to Britain open , has forced people to turn to a party which speaks openly about the problem of immigration
Nick Griffin
BNP leader Mr Griffin denied the party was racist , telling the BBC's Radio 4 Today programme : " There 's a huge amount of racism in this country , overwhelmingly it is directed towards the indigenous British majority , which is one reason we 've done so well in these elections . "
He said the " ruling elite " had made the " indigenous majority ... second - class citizens in every possible sphere " .
" The Labour Party , the Lib Dems and the Tories , by leaving the door to Britain open , has forced people to turn to a party which speaks openly about the problem of immigration and says that while there might be a few good things about it there 's also a lot of bad things . "
' People 's fears '
Ms Harman said : " I think it 's a terrible thing that we 've now got representing Britain in the European Parliament a party that is a racist party , a party that does n't believe black people should even be allowed to join this party .
She added : " The British National Party have played on people 's fears ... and we 'll have to work to tackle the fear that lead to people to vote BNP . "
Communities Secretary John Denham said that although " an element " of those who voted for the BNP would have been racists , most would have cast their ballots for the party because they felt ignored and excluded .
It sickens me as it should sicken everybody here that the British National Party has succeeded in these European elections
David Cameron
He told BBC Radio 4's The World At One : " We 've got to make it very clear that we want to hear what those voters are saying . "
Conservative leader David Cameron told party supporters : " It sickens me as it should sicken everybody here that the British National Party has succeeded in these European elections . "
" It brings shame on us that these fascist , racist thugs have been elected to the European Parliament . "
And Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg said politicians had to be " uncompromising " about the BNP which he said was " a party of thugs , of fascists " .
Media ' onslaught '
But he added : " We should not dismiss the reasons why people have voted for the BNP - the anger , the frustration , the sense of alienation , the sense of powerlessness .
" We must listen to that and must react to that , that much is obvious . "
The BNP won more than 120,139 votes in the Yorkshire region , slightly less than in 2004 , but enough to take one of the six seats on offer in the region .
Nick Griffin is now an MEP even though he won fewer votes than he did five years ago
Nick Robinson
BBC political editor
Read Nick 's blog in full Successful candidate Andrew Brons acknowledged that his victory would not be " universally popular " .
He said the party , which denies stirring racial hatred , had survived an " onslaught " by the media and the political classes during the campaign .
" Despite the headlines , money and misrepresentation , we have managed to win through , " he said .
The election was the " first step " towards the UK removing itself from the " EU dictatorship " , he added .
Dagenham Labour MP Jon Cruddas said the BNP " have not really moved on " in terms of its share of the vote since 2004 but the party had benefited from the drop in Labour support .
He added : " There 's a long - term legacy here of us failing to bring people with us and deal with some of the issues that concern them , be they around housing , or about employment insecurity or the recession or immigration . "
The BNP targeted the North West during the campaign , having had earlier success in local council elections .
It won one of its three English county council seats in Burnley in Thursday 's elections .
As Mr Griffin arrived at the North West count - held in Manchester 's town hall - on Sunday , his car was surrounded by noisy protesters , who broke one of its windows .
Mr Griffin returned later and entered the building by the back entrance , accompanied by several minders .
Police said one man was arrested in scuffles when Mr Griffin tried to get into the building .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
If true , another sign of how desperate the regime is .
A reader writes :
Just got off the phone with my dad .
He leaves in northern Tehran , off Afrika Blvd .
He said that most iranians believe that a lot of the " commandos " on the bikes are Hezbollah arabs brought in to do to the citizens what a Persian cop would refuse to do .
Accordingly when the protesters knock one of the biker thugs off they are being particularly brutal , believing that the rider is Arab .
Bank storefronts have been smashed all over northern Tehran .
Mousavi , Khatami and Rafsanjani are allegedly meeting at Mousavi 's house ( who is under house arrest ) and are planning their next move .
People there are waiting for further instructions from Mousavi .
In my dad 's neighborhood BBC Persia and Voice of America have been knocked off the satellite but not in all parts .
Sorry this is rambling I 'm getting constant calls from Tehran .
Will speak to my father again in two hours and will let you know anything new .
It 's just a question of priorities :
Something like 97 percent coverage for people already here , at a total cost somewhere in the $ 1 trillion range .
Bear in mind that the Bush tax cuts cost around $ 1.8 trillion over a decade .
We can do this — and have no excuse for not doing it .
Just a little fact check to throw at your Congressional reps when they 're out waving the flag in your supposed interest over the holiday weekend .
The BBC has been accused of wasting public money and creating unnecessary environmental damage by spending nearly half a million pounds a year on bottled water .
Responding to a freedom of information request from the Guardian , the public broadcaster said it spent £ 406,000 annually on large bottles for its water coolers .
In addition , BBC staff are allowed to order bottled water for the organisation 's hospitality events .
The BBC refused to reveal how much it did spend on bottled water at the 103,000 events it held last year , claiming the cost of finding out was more than the Freedom of Information Act required .
Bottled water can also be ordered by staff for internal meetings , provided a meeting lasts more than two hours .
The broadcaster said it was assessing the " health issues " of switching from bottled to mains - fed water .
A regional breakdown showed BBC London and Scotland were the biggest spenders , paying £ 365,368 combined , with the English regions on £ 23,690 , Northern Ireland spending £ 16,285 and Wales £ 1,489 .
The low figure for BBC Wales is because most of its drinking fountains are supplied by mains water .
Steve Bloomfield , senior national officer at Unison , which is campaigning for employers to provide staff with mains - fed water , said : " The BBC could save themselves a lot of money , aside from the urgent sustainability issues .
Using the health and safety angle is ridiculous .
You might as well say you are going to look at the health and safety issues of using plates .
Naturally , normal hygiene issues need to be respected but that applies to all food and drink . "
Dave Prentis , Unison 's general secretary , said : " Workers work better if they are hydrated and have access to good clean drinking water .
Bottled water is no better than mains water and the effect on the environment of all that water being transported around is enormous . "
Susie Squires , political director the Taxpayers Alliance said that paying for bottled water was an unnecessary waste of money .
" What is wrong with the tap ?
It is the little things that add up to unacceptable waste at the BBC .
Splashing out on bottled water is a frivolous expense .
Families are having to cut back on the little luxuries and time the BBC did also . "
The BBC defended itself against accusations of wasting licence fee payers ' money on an environmentally destructive practice .
A spokesperson said : " The BBC is committed to reducing waste and promoting environmentally sound practices .
We are also working to implement a policy of replacing bottled water with other options where they are used , for example , in meetings and hospitality functions .
Current contractual commitments are being reviewed and the health issues related to replacing bottled water with jugs of tap water are being assessed . "
The organisation 's press office did not provide the figures despite repeated requests .
They were only revealed after a Freedom of Information Act request .
Employers have a legal duty to provide staff with drinking water in the workplace , but bottled water has a far higher carbon footprint than mains - fed water .
According to Thames Water , a litre of mains water creates about 0.0003kg of CO2 , around 600 times less than the 0.185 kg generated by a litre of Volvic or the 0.172 kg produced by the same volume of Evian .
The water cooler bottles used by the BBC are also made from a type of plastic derived from oil , which is not recyclable and takes up to 1,000 years to biodegrade .
Reddit Alien Soap Update !
Hi everyone !
Just wanted to keep you updated on the new Reddit Alien soap that Soapier is creating for Reddit .
After much deliberation , and trials with cookie cutters , we decided to go with aluminum for the master mold .
We received a very nice letter from a Redditor , Brad from Briscoe Machining , who offered to help us with creating this soap mold .
Brad went above and beyond .
If you 're in need of mold making , or robotic parts ( seriously , he makes robotic parts , and after doing some research , I found that Briscoe Machining LLC was owned by Cyberdyne ) ... this is your guy !
So , what we have here are four cool images of the Reddit Alien soap .
Two digital images , two final master mold shots .
And I have to say , I think it looks pretty awesome !
They 're being shipped to our plastic mold maker , and we 'll have a prototype Reddit Alien soap posted ASAP .
We 'll be taking orders in about two to three weeks !
We 'll also be posting a poll to decide which fragrance we 'll be creating this soap with .
And YES , yes , yes , we 're TRYING to figure out a way for it to smell like bacon .
We 've received your emails .
We 've received your postcards .
Smoke signals .
All of it .
Even a singing telegram * .
I promise , we 're looking into it .
If there 's a way , we 'll offer two fragrances to choose from .
Thanks , Reddit , for your continued support .
We all really appreciate it .
Click the images to check out larger shots !
John @ Soapier *
It 's amazing how many words rhyme with bacon .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The House of Representatives Energy and Commerce Committee has canceled its Tuesday debate and vote on healthcare legislation but has kept a Wednesday meeting on its schedule .
The Democratic - led committee has been struggling to keep a group of fiscally conservative Democrats on board with the nearly $ 1 trillion , 10 - year healthcare overhaul .
The group , known as the Blue Dog Democrats , has said they cannot support legislation that would increase the massive federal budget deficit .
One of the first bidet companies in america
PilotBidet has been thriving for the last 15 years to bring the perfect bidet to your household .
From catering to the elderly , to satisfying the needs of numerous cultures ;
The Bidet brings luxury to the bathroom
In the worst quarter in modern history for American newspapers , advertising sales fell by an unprecedented 28.3 % in the first three months of 2009 , plunging sales by more than $ 2.6 billion from the prior year .
Statistics posted without publicity on the website of the Newspaper Association of America show that print ad sales fell by a historic 29.7 % to $ 5.9 billion in the first period of this year and that online sales fell a record 13.4 % to $ 696.3 million .
The worst percentage decline was in the highly profitable classified advertising category .
which dived 42.3 % to produce slightly less than $ 1.5 billion in sales .
As illustrated in the graph below , newspaper sales have dropped at a steadily accelerating rate since April , 2006 .
In records published by the NAA that date to 1950 , there is no precedent for the sort of decline suffered in the first three months of this year .
The $ 2.6 billion sales decline in the first period of this year is equal to almost a third of the $ 7.5 billion that newspaper ad revenues fell in all of 2008 .
Newspaper ad sales last year fell 16.6 % to $ 37.8 billion , making it by far the worst 12 months in the history of the industry .
Barring a miraculous turnaround in the economy , the first quarter sales performance suggests the industry could be headed to its first year since 1987 of less than $ 30 billion in annual sales .
By contrast , newspapers sold an all - time high of $ 49.4 billion in advertising as recently as 2005 .
If the industry achieved only $ 30 billion in sales this year , its volume would be 40 % lower than it was four years ago .
The rout in the first quarter of 2009 was wide and deep , owing in part to the most difficult economy since World War II but also to major secular changes in consumer and advertiser behavior .
Here is a category - by - category breakdown : : : Employment classified advertising skidded 67.4 % to $ 205.4 million . :: Real estate classified advertising slumped 45.6 % to $ 336.9 million . :: Automotive classified advertising swooned 43.4 % to $ 332.8 million . :: National advertising slipped 25.9 % to $ 1.1 billion . :: Retail advertising stumbled 23.7 % to $ 3.3 billion . ::
Other classified advertising slid 16.5 % to $ 587.7 million .
Jimmy Saville was the face of the ' Clunk - Click ' seatbelt campaign Fifty years after the invention of the modern car seatbelt , 400 people are still being killed each year because they fail to " belt up " , a charity says .
The Royal Society for the Prevention of Accidents ( Rospa ) says Volvo's three - point belt design has saved one million lives worldwide .
But it says too many people are still ignoring safety warnings .
The Department for Transport said campaigns and on - the - spot fines were hoped to encourage more seatbelt use .
Volvo did not patent its three - point belt design , created in 1959 , to encourage other carmakers to install the safety measure .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
As a result seatbelts were widely fitted from the 1970s .
Robert Gifford , of the Parliamentary Advisory Council for Transport Safety charity , said seatbelts had saved 35,000 lives in the UK during the last 25 years .
However , Rospa 's road safety manager Duncan Vernon said lives were still being " needlessly lost " despite the invention 's success .
SEATBELT USE IN THE UK
In 1983 seat belt use in front of vehicles becomes compulsory Back seat belt use by children becomes law in 1989 ; extended to adults in 1991 Of 1,432 car occupants killed in 2007 , 34 % had not ' belted up '
In 1982 , 37 % of drivers wore seatbelts - by 2007 , it was 94 %
An estimated 565 people were not using a seatbelt when killed in 2005 .
Some 370 may have survived if properly restrained Source : Department for Transport
' They do n't realise the dangers ' " Wearing a seatbelt is one way you can drastically increase your chances of survival in a crash , even if it 's just a short journey or you do n't think it 's necessary to put one on , " he said .
" As we get new drivers every week , it 's important that everyone hears the message about how seatbelt wearing is important . "
The first government campaigns in the 1970s featured Jimmy Saville imploring motorists to : " Clunk the car door .
Click the seat belt .
Even if you are just going round the corner : Clunk Click Every Trip . "
By 1982 , it had succeeded in convincing about 40 % of car drivers and front - seat passengers to wear seatbelts .
That figure topped 93 % when their use in front seats became compulsory a year later and it is now close to 95 % .
However , just over two - thirds of adults wear seatbelts in back seats - despite it being made law in 1991 - and similar figures apply to people in vans .
Younger drivers Department for Transport research puts the number of people killed annually while not wearing a seatbelt at about 565 and estimates close to 370 would have survived if they had been restrained .
Its research showed the peak age for not wearing seatbelts was 21 to 25 .
A spokesman said : " Road deaths are at an all time low in the UK but we know that a life could be saved every day if all drivers and passengers belted up every time they got in a car .
" That is why the government runs hard - hitting advertising campaigns highlighting the dangers of not wearing a seatbelt and has recently doubled the fixed penalty for not wearing a seatbelt [ to £ 60 ] . "
Its latest campaign , launched last year at a cost of £ 2.6 m , shows graphic images of the damage that can be caused to internal organs in road crashes when people do not wear seatbelts .
The maximum fine in the courts for not wearing a seatbelt is £ 500 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Gunmen shot and killed U.S. Border Patrol agent Robert Rosas in California near the U.S. - Mexico border fence on July 23 , the first such fatal shooting in more than a decade .
In rugged desert where people smugglers and drug traffickers roam , Rosas was tracking a suspicious group of people near the rural town of Campo , about 60 miles ( 97 kms ) east of San Diego .
After radioing for backup , he got out of his vehicle and started to follow members of the group as it split up .
He was attacked , robbed of his weapon and shot several times in the head and abdomen .
Mexican police have rounded up five suspects believed to be coyotes , or people smugglers , and drug gang members , although the FBI , which is heading the investigation , considers the case unsolved .
While it unfolds , the probe into the murder of 30 year - old Rosas , father of two small children and whose memorial service is on Friday , is a test for U.S. - Mexican cooperation .
Both countries are at pains to show a unified alliance in the drug war , underscored again by U.S. drug czar Gil Kerlikowske ’s visit to Mexico this week .
But Rosas ’ murder is also a warning that Mexican organized crime is increasingly undaunted by U.S. law enforcement .
In Mexico , well - armed drug cartels take on the army at will .
Mexico ’s escalating drug war has killed some 12,800 people since late 2006 , when President Felipe Calderon launched his army - backed crackdown on cartels .
Attacks are also rising against the Border Patrol on the U.S. - Mexico border as drug gangs , pressured by increased enforcement and the border fence , link up with people smugglers to use illegal immigrants to smuggle narcotics across the border .
Border Patrol agents often work alone in remote stretches of the 2,000 - mile ( 3,200 - km ) border and traffickers are willing to use brutal violence against them if threatened .
Last year , Border Patrol agent Luis Aguilar was intentionally run over and killed by a smuggler in a drug - packed Hummer in Arizona .
According to U.S. security consultancy Stratfor : “ such deaths in the United States can be considered almost inevitable , especially considering that authorities report nearly 50 Border Patrol agents were fired on during 2008 . ”
In Tucson sector alone in the first 10 months of fiscal 2009 there have been 171 assaults on Border Patrol agents .
Disarming Mexican drug cartels , who have easy access to assault weapons in gun shops in U.S. border states , is one of the central strategies of the drug war but one that is making limited progress .
We all got used to the nuclear power plants , even if having some precautions of the phenomena itself they look like have been here for quite a while .
But when did this nuclear energy extraction thing has started ?
The first nuclear power plant has been built in Russia or Soviet Union as it was called at that times .
It has been built in high hush - hush mode , even the construction workers on site did n’t know what exactly they were doing there .
Then on June 27th , 1954 Russian radio stations knocked over their listeners across the vast country and worldwide when they broadcasted the news like “ In Soviet Union , thanks to the joint effort of scientists and engineers the construction of the world ’s first nuclear power plant with an output power of 5000 kW .
The power plant construction has been completed and already produced electricity for the local Soviet agricultural objects ” .
Today let ’s see how this shrine of nuclear power looks in our days .
The name of the station still stays the same .
It ’s being officialy called “ The First Nuclear Power Plant ” .
The history of the atomic energy had deep roots in the times before the World War 2 , long before the June 1954 , the day when the first workable plant has started working .
They had called this project “ The Peaceful Atom ” and so was the called the reactor of the first nuclear power plant .
This site was the joint effort of the thousands of prominent Russian scientists and engineers and was built in record short terms , it took only three years from scheming the projects to actual location fully constructed .
So , today , in order to get inside you got to get the white gown .
The great experience Russian scientist got from constucting the first nuclear power plant gave a big push for the development of Soviet atomic energy program .
The reactor itself was built with a lot of “ debugging ” possibilities on purpose , so that scientists could have a lot of experimental material available .
At that time all the Soviet newspapers also joined the congratulational hype across the country .
International media also could n’t pass by the sensational news from the Evil Empire .
The main control point of the plant looks bit small if being compared to its contemorary brothers on the modern power plants .
It ’s pity but every detail here is already being touched by unmerciful hand of The Time : everything is being wear out , and it ’s not a surprise – the power plant has worked a lot .
It has to be stopped at 1984 , but those were the years when the great changes sprung in Russia so many of the “ planned ” events never took place , as well as the need in cheap electricity was vital in those years , so it worked for eighteen years more than it was scheduled to it by the original plan and was stopped only recently , in year 2002 .
And that ’s the chamber of the mighty reactor , now resting quitely after being in work for so many years in a row and showing the way to all his modern brothers reactors on the nuclear power plants across the world .
Some protective slabs that were forming one protective shield are now being dismantled and lay nearby in stacks .
And those were the storage cells for the atomic fuel capsules .
The fuel capsules with Uriniaum were transported in place with this special crane .
Because of excessive radiation levels while on this job the crane has extra thick walls and the 50 cm ( 20 inch ) thick quarz glass so that the operator could visually control the process of transportation .
They did n’t have the video cams at that times .
Now we have a chance to look thru those 20 inch thick windows too to see what has the crane driver seen back in 1954 loading uranium capsules into the world ’s first reactor , though we could n’t get a clue of what he felt doing that .
Now the station stays quite and forgotten .
From time to time the lucky ones can get permission from “ MinAtom ” – the Russian department dealing with all “ Peaceful Atom ” locations to get a trip there .
photo credits : Chistoprudov & Ilya Varlamov
Calm is expected to return to the streets of Jerusalem today after a court decision attempted to defuse clashes between police and ultra-Orthodox protesters .
Violent riots racked the city this week as thousands of ultra-Orthodox – or " Haredi " – residents protested against the arrest of a woman accused of nearly starving her three - year - old son to death .
Yesterday Jerusalem courts released the woman to house arrest .
The violence escalated this week , with 50 arrests and 18 police injuries on Thursday night as protesters threw bottles and rocks at police , who responded with water - cannons .
Extreme sections of Jerusalem 's ultra-Orthodox community were angered by police intervention in the case of a Haredi woman suspected of starving her son over a period of two years .
The toddler was hospitalised last week , weighing 7kg .
His mother is thought to be suffering from the psychiatric condition Munchausen 's syndrome by proxy , whereby individuals attempt to draw attention to themselves by deliberately making someone else ill , typically a child .
But rumours over religious persecution have reportedly raged through Haredi neighbourhoods and one rabbi described the case as a blood libel .
According to a Jerusalem
Post editorial last week , such rumours include claims that the emaciated toddler had cancer , and that doctors were conducting experiments on the child .
The article slates these as the " conspiracy theories " of extremists and religious fanatics and reports that the doctor treating the child confirms that he does not have cancer and has gained weight in hospital
The woman , who is five months pregnant and has two other children , will now undergo psychiatric evaluation by a professional approved by social services and the Haredi community .
David Zilbershlag , media representative for the accused , said : " The best outcome of the court 's decision is that it has restored some faith in the system amongst the Orthodox community . "
Members of this community say the Haredi mother 's imprisonment shattered the trust and good relations that had developed with social services , previously viewed with hatred and suspicion by a deeply insular , ultra - conservative sector with rigid codes of conduct .
The Haredi custom of raising large families and abstaining from work on religious grounds results in high levels of poverty , and regularly attracts stigmatisation and accusations of child neglect .
Last summer , Israeli media reported that a four - year - old Haredi child was abandoned at Ben Gurion airport while her eight - member family boarded a flight to Paris .
Some commentators have observed that the incident points to a deep malaise in the community .
" The stress is immense in those families where there is no money , no work and lots of children , " says Professor Tamar El - Or , who lectures in sociology and anthropology at Jerusalem 's Hebrew university .
" Fragile people , like this woman , can collapse .
But in this immense effort to protect the community and its ideological beliefs , a story is created about children being kidnapped … and the religious leadership does not take any responsibility for thinking of solutions . "
Before the Jerusalem court hearing , about 2,000 police were on standby in the city , fearing that protests over the Haredi mother might spill over into ongoing clashes about a car park .
The new municipal parking lot near the Old City is open on Saturdays , which the ultra-religious view as a desecration of the Sabbath .
This issue has been a regular flashpoint in the city over the past month , with several arrests and charges of police assault .
Robbers pulled off what is thought to be Britain 's biggest jewellery heist in a 40 - million - pound ( $ 68 million ) raid at a chic London shop , police say .
Two smartly dressed men armed with handguns walked in to Graff , on London 's upmarket New Bond Street last Thursday , and threatened staff before getting away with 43 rings , bracelets , necklaces and watches .
As they left , they dragged a female member of staff with them and fired a warning shot outside the shop , although no - one was injured and the assistant was left behind as they raced off .
Another shot was also fired soon after as the pair abandoned their BMW getaway car nearby and switched to a Mercedes - Benz , before switching to a third car later .
Graff , which is known for its diamonds , was also targeted in 2003 in what until now was reportedly Britain 's previous most expensive jewellery robbery , worth 23 million pounds .
Police in London released CCTV images of the suspects on Tuesday and appealed for information about the raid , which took place in broad daylight at 4.40 pm ( local time ) .
" These men are extremely dangerous and fired at least two shots in busy London streets as they made their getaway , " said Detective Chief Inspector Pam Mace of the Flying Squad , which investigates armed robberies .
" Someone knows who these men are - they would undoubtedly have spoken about it beforehand or boasted about it afterwards . "
New Bond Street , in the exclusive Mayfair district , is dotted with big name gem stores including royal jeweller Asprey .
Celebrities spotted wearing Graff 's jewels include Paris Hilton , Kylie Minogue , Naomi Campbell , Oprah Winfrey and Victoria Beckham .
- AFP
( CNN ) --
An American sentenced to seven years hard labor in Myanmar after he sneaked into the home of detained democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi , arrived in Thailand on Sunday with the U.S. senator who secured his release .
American John Yettaw smiles as he arrives at a military airport in Bangkok .
John William Yettaw was taken to hospital in Bangkok shortly after arriving aboard a military aircraft with Sen. Jim Webb .
" I believe what he did was regrettable .
I believe it was hurtful to the person that he thought he was trying to help , " Webb told reporters in Thailand .
" But at the same time , on humanitarian grounds , I feel fortunate that the government honored my request to allow him to come back here to Thailand with me .
Watch Webb detail Myanmar negotiations »
" I believe that this was a gesture from the government of Myanmar that we should be grateful for and hopefully build upon . "
After arriving in Bangkok , Yettaw , a diabetic , was taken to a hospital for observation .
" He was not a well man .
He had a medical emergency this morning when they read him his orders of deportation , " Webb said , without elaborating .
Yettaw , 53 , a former military serviceman from Falcon , Missouri , was sentenced last week for a May 3 incident when he swam across a lake to the house of Suu Kyi and stayed , uninvited , for two days .
Myanmar 's government said Yettaw 's presence at Suu Kyi's compound violated the terms of the house arrest she was under at the time .
Yettaw testified in court that God had sent him to Myanmar to protect the opposition leader because he dreamed that a terrorist group would assassinate her .
He was convicted of violating immigration laws , municipal laws and Suu Kyi's house arrest terms .
Suu Kyi , who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 , told the court during her trial that she does n't know Yettaw , did not know of his plans and denied any wrongdoing .
She said she did not report the intrusion because she did not want Yettaw or anyone else to get in trouble .
The court initially sentenced Suu Kyi to three years in prison for the incident .
It was later commuted to a year - and - a - half of house arrest .
A mother and daughter who serve as Suu Kyi's house companions -- and are members of the National League for Democracy -- also received the same sentence .
On Saturday , Webb -- who chairs the East Asia and Pacific Affairs Subcommittee of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee -- held separate meetings with Suu Kyi and Myanmar 's top official , junta leader Senior Gen .
Than Shwe .
Webb is the first member of Congress to visit Myanmar in more than a decade -- and the first American official to meet with Than Shwe .
In his meeting with the junta leader , Webb said he requested that Suu Kyi be released from her 18 - month house arrest .
" I do n't think Sen .
Webb can be proud for the release of Mr. John Yettaw , while our leader Daw Aung San Suu Kyi , who is the real victim of this conspiracy and injustices , and two women colleagues are still under detention , " said Aung Din , executive director of the Washington - based U.S. Campaign for Burma .
" This will surely make a negative impression among the people of Burma .
They will think that Americans are easy to satisfy with the dictators when they get their citizens back . "
Myanmar 's military junta , which has ruled the country since 1962 , changed the English translation of the country 's name from Burma in 1989 , but Suu Kyi's supporters and several governments still use the older name .
All About Aung San Suu Kyi
Researchers at Lawrence Berkeley National Lab and UC Berkeley say they have demonstrated a way to fabricate efficient solar cells from low - cost , flexible materials ; optically active semiconductors in arrays of nanoscale pillars , each a single crystal , with dimensions measured in billionths of a meter .
A solar cell 's basic job is to convert light energy into charge - carrying electrons and " holes " ( the absence of an electron ) , which flow to electrodes to produce a current .
Unlike a typical two - dimensional solar cell , a nanopillar array offers much more surface for collecting light .
Computer simulations have indicated that , compared to flat surfaces , nanopillar semiconductor arrays should be more sensitive to light , have a greatly enhanced ability to separate electrons from holes , and be a more efficient collector of these charge carriers .
The aluminum substrate forms a template for a forest of cadmium sulfide nanopillars and also serves as a bottom electrode .
Embedded in clear cadmium telluride and equipped with a top electrode of copper and gold , the result is an inexpensive and efficient 3 - D solar cell .
Photo Credit : Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory " Unfortunately , early attempts to make photovoltaic cells based on pillar - shaped semiconductors grown from the bottom - up yielded disappointing results .
Light - to - electricity efficiencies were less than one to two percent , " says Ali Javey , a faculty scientist in Berkeley Lab's Materials Sciences Division and a professor of electrical engineering and computer science at UC Berkeley .
" Epitaxial growth on single crystalline substrates was often used , which is costly .
The nanopillar dimensions were n't well controlled , pillar density and alignment was poor , and the quality of the interface between the semiconductors was poor .
" Javey devised a new , controlled way to use a method called the " vapor - liquid - solid " process to make large - scale modules of dense , highly ordered arrays of single - crystal nanopillars .
Inside a quartz furnace his group grew pillars of electron - rich cadmium sulfide on aluminum foil , in which geometrically distributed pores made by anodization served as a template .
In the same furnace they submerged the nanopillars , once grown , in a thin layer of hole - rich cadmium telluride , which acted as a window to collect the light .
The two materials in contact with each other form a solar cell in which the electrons flow through the nanopillars to the aluminum contact below , and the holes are conducted to thin copper - gold electrodes placed on the surface of the window above .
The efficiency of the test device was measured at six percent , which while less than the 10 to 18 percent range of mass - produced commercial cells is higher than most photovoltaic devices based on nanostructured materials – even though the nontransparent copper - gold electrodes on top of the Javey group 's test device cut its efficiency by 50 percent .
In future , top contact transparency can easily be improved .
Other factors that greatly affect the efficiency of a 3 - D nanopillar - array solar cell include its density and the exposed length of the pillars in contact with the window material .
These dimensions are easily optimized in future generations of the device .
The aluminum substrate shown at top rear is patterned with pores seeded with anodized gold , spaced at intervals of about half a micron ( a millionth of a meter ) .
At middle rear , the single - crystal cadmium sulfide nanopillars are about 200 nanometers in diameter ( 200 billionths of a meter ) .
The test device in the foreground is shown next to a dime for scale .
Photo Credit : Lawrence Berkeley National LaboratoryConcerned with practical applications as well as theoretical performance , the researchers made a flexible solar cell of the same design by etching away the aluminum substrate and substituting a thin layer of indium for the bottom electrode .
They sheathed the whole solar cell in clear plastic ( polydimethylsiloxane ) to make a bendable device , which could be flexed with only marginal effect on performance – and no degradation of performance after repeated bending .
" There are lots of ways to improve 3 - D nanopillar photovoltaics for higher performance , and ways to simplify the fabrication process as well , but the method is already hugely promising as a way to lower the cost of efficient solar cells , " says Javey .
" There 's the ability to grow single - crystalline structures directly on large aluminum sheets .
And the 3 - D configuration means the requirements for quality and purity of the input materials are less stringent and less costly .
Nanopillar arrays are a new path to versatile solar modules .
" Their flexible solar cell is achieved by removing the aluminum substrate , substituting an indium bottom electrode , and embedding the 3 - D array in clear plastic .
Photo Credit : Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory
Some guy emailed me out of the blue , having found my journal or something and deciding that I would be an interesting philosophical sparring partner .
He posed me , essentially , Zeno 's paradox , though I realized eventually he was n't aware it already existed as such .
I answered him straightforwardly , and he replied arrogantly and condescendingly that my answer was crock , he had THE answer , and perhaps I would like to try again ?
He provided numerous complaints about my answer , and I addressed them all , one by one .
His reply in turn was to provide numerous complaints to each of those , and so the whole thing was just blossoming exponentially into a useless mess , mostly ( and rapidly ) off topic , even though in some sense every point under debate was seemingly a necessary prerequisite to resolving the original question .
He eventually provided his answer , which I immediately dismantled ( it really was crock , and I have no doubt you two would heartily agree ) , but of course he found as much fault in these explanations as in my defense of my original answer to his " riddle " .
All in all , the experience was very much like this [ other ] debate , with both sides finding -- and providing as far as the other side was concerned -- endless cascading nonsense .
Most people would have just walked away fairly early on , but I was finding it a fascinating study of people 's ability to rationalize .
He was , I would say , a Mensa - level thinker , with all that [ choice of wording ] implies .
In this particular case ( unlike the [ other ] discussion ) I had such confidence in my position , I felt comfortable focusing entirely on the meta level of the discussion , purely manipulating the manner in which I interacted with him , and specifically seeking to eliminate the sources of noise that were allowing a very concrete and easily resolved matter to blossom and multiply like an invading fungus .
One thing I realized is that it was absolutely a mistake to answer all of his points , whether to agree or disagree .
Each of his letters was long and full of claims and implications , some with obvious flaws , some correct but irrelevant , and some both flawed and irrelevant .
In particular , often his letters would contain at least one glaringly bogus line of reasoning that begged to be debated -- but often this was not the most important point to the original issue .
To address all of his points , or even many of them , was just inviting an exponential growth of noise .
I resolved to pick from each of his replies what I believed to be the single more central fallacy , and to simply ask him about it .
It was with great restraint that I did not answer Two or Three or More points , but literally just one -- the one that I thought was truly most important .
Not the one that was the most wrong , nor the one I had the most to say about , but the one that was the most important to the central question .
And I absolutely minimized my interpretations of his words , drew no conclusions on his behalf , and only put A and B together for him explicitly , with reluctance , and wherever possible using his own words or as close to is as possible -- being in particular very careful to phrase things in a way which he would agree with .
And so I would send him one or two line emails , and he would reply with big , long emails shooting off in ten different directions , and I would carefully analyze them for the most central fallacy , and reply to that with another one or two line question , occasionally pulling in a central point from two separate emails of his so that I could ask him about how these two things he claimed fit together ...
And fairly quickly in this cycle he replied for the first time with a letter I found to be downright mysticism !
And at first I was disappointed that it had so quickly ended here ... but he seemed like such a ( wants - to - be ) rational person , I decided to press on anyway .
And that letter was the hardest to reply to because it took a great deal of analysis to discern how he was rationalizing this in his head , and took a great deal of discipline to remain objective and non-dismissive about , but at last I brought the appropriate question forward , and it seemed to break through that particular stone wall and the debate continued more as before for a few more cycles until he finally declared , from his own reasoning , essentially the same answer I had given him at the start , and he acknowledged , reflecting on his own argument , where his fallacies had been , and he apologized for being an arrogant prick .
And of course , I have n't heard from him again since .
The most interesting aspect of this to me is that I am absolutely certain that had I addressed even multiple of his points at once , let alone all of them , it would have never ended .
Given any excuse to do so , people will evade the point most centrally undermining to their own , and not with conscious intent .
I believe , quite simply , that people search in their minds for responses , and that this search turns nothing up where there is real conflict -- and this is a non-event like not seeing an elephant that is n't there , and so never crosses conscious awareness .
Meta commentary possibly of interest to both of you : I am ever more convinced that human cognition is synonymous with perception , and that perception amounts to model - based synthesis limited by immediate percepts -- i.e. , that the way we think about everything is to make it up based on what we already believe , with fabrication choices made in accordance with what will make us synthesize what we are seeing .
That is , I believe people are wholly incapable of seeing what they do n't already believe , with the only exception to this rule being Learning , and that Learning is highly constrained to only happen within a certain tight boundary around the frontier of our existing knowledge , thus again limiting it to things essentially touching what we already believe , and furthermore that it does n't take effect until LTP sets in -- a minimum of eight hours -- which means that people are essentially incapable of understanding , on - the - spot , anything that violates their existing structure .
What this means in practical terms is that once someone 's beliefs have diverged sufficiently from the evidence ( or indeed just from someone else 's beliefs ) -- and " sufficiently " is a * surprisingly * small distance -- this gap becomes a filter that omits further evidence from being statistically integrated at the intuitive level ( or , that is , causes it to integrate differently for the two people -- at least one of whom , by the way , is objectively flawed at that point , since when things are working properly this gap should never form in the first place ; but all it takes to create it is sufficiently narrow experience for a sufficient duration of time ) .
In other words , * no amount of evidence will change someone 's mind * unless sufficient evidence can be presented in a compact enough format in time and space to be held and consciously considered in short - term memory , and even then this process ( whereby they acknowledge the rational conclusion given the evidence ) will have to be repeated many times before it has a hope of competing with prior faulty statistical integrations .
The only exception to this , ironically , is anything that can be slipped into presuppositions of anything they are willing to entertain as intuitive truth -- even if just a work of fiction which is indulged through willful suspension of disbelief .
And conversely , most forms of debate will only * firm * someone 's intuitive convictions ( i.e. , internal biases - - even if wholly incorrect to begin with ) because of the constant and intentional positioning , out of ego defense , of the status - quo as correct and the challenge as faulty .
I.e. , reverse psychology has much deeper and longer - lasting impact than any conscious argument , and I suspect this is often what drives a wedge into initially small gaps and turns them into dogmatic abysses .
For this reason , I believe the only , or at least best , way to make any progress in a debate around complex issues is to work hard each and every cycle to distill down to the most central point , and to keep claims compact and concise , and wherever one does present evidence , to take the time to gather enough of it and with an acceptably objective method , so that in one shot it can be construed as compelling , or at least meaningfully debated as such .
In particular , I do not believe in addressing every point in an email , I believe in addressing THE point to your best ability to discern it .
It is better to address one point and have the opponent declare that that was not the point ( then you just try again ) than to address a tangent and have them do the same , ad infinitum .
I have been endeavoring to do this more lately myself , but I am far from making it a habit , and it takes a great deal of self - restraint to ignore tantalizing tangents .
Certainly I believe it 's polite and necessary to answer a direct question amongst few or any that has been asked twice , but I do n't consider all questions amongst many to be asked with equal import -- mine or others ' .
( Many questions in debates such as the [ other ] one are ambiguously rhetorical . )
In short , I think we should be addressing fewer of eachother 's points , not more .
But we should choose those points to be as truly central as we can make them - - not simply choosing the easiest point to win-- and we should distill our address down to the least presumptive form we possibly can .
It should be apparent from all of the above that this declaration is first and foremost a critique of my own style and a reminder to myself , but I would also like it applied toward me as well as by me .
The hardest remaining part for me is I have a very hard time figuring out what to do with it when someone presents something they see as clear evidence or a clear explanation of XYZ and I fail to see the connection at all .
This is like when that guy came back with what I called his mystical reply -- sometimes there seems simply nothing to address because whatever discrepancy there is in premises is so far removed from the immediate claim that there is simply no common ground upon which to evaluate it .
One is tempted to seek the underlying premise discrepancy here , but this in itself can become a tangent to the core question .
I still do n't know how to resolve this .
The ability to easily bookmark or share content on popular social media platforms is now a must have feature for web sites .
It ’s also important that this feature is n’t over looked by web site visitors .
So it ’s always a good idea to use icons when linking to social media sites .
They get peoples attention and the logos are immediately recognizable .
I ’ve taken the time to round up what I believe are the best free social media icons out there .
Containing health - care costs is impossible under the current legal structure .
That fact has to be addressed if President Barack Obama is to create an affordable health - care system that is accessible to everyone .
Every incentive in the system now is to do more -- that 's how doctors get paid and that 's how doctors get protected from lawsuits .
Billions of dollars are wasted in " defensive medicine . "
Bureaucracy built up over decades diverts resources from patient care to mindless compliance .
Forms are everywhere .
The ...
Suddenly , George understood what the rubberbands were for .
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Das Lobbyregister - Gesetz kommt : Gestern haben Union und SPD den Entwurf für das Lobbyregistergesetz in den Bundestag eingebracht .
Deutschland bekommt also ein Lobbyregister – jedoch zunächst nur für den Bundestag .
Durchaus positiv ist , dass Union und SPD den von allen Seiten kritisierten ersten Entwurf , der vor zwei Wochen öffentlich wurde , noch einmal überarbeitet und an einigen wesentlichen Stellen verbessert haben .
Weiterlesen →
The moon passed between the Earth and sun for several minutes yesterday , causing a spectacular total solar eclipse .
Rather than sacrificing astrologers or going to war , people uploaded their photos to Flickr .
Sure , a few pessimistic sign - readers predicted natural disasters and terrorist attacks .
But even the most hardened criminals were probably too busy shading their eyes and sharing a neighborly moment to cause trouble .
The pictures and video that floated out of Asia on Tuesday drive home a simple truth : wherever we 're from , whatever we do , however removed from the natural world we might be , having the moon cover the sun is just freaking awesome .
The next total solar eclipse will be on July 11 , 2010 .
It 'll be visible from the South Pacific , reaching land in the Cook Islands , Easter Island , and a small section of southern Chile and Argentina .
Below is a small sampling of the flood of eclipse photos on Flickr .
You can also check out this real - time eclipse photo aggregator .
Images : 1 . J. Aaron Farr / Flickr 2 . Ptwo / Flickr 3 . Full827 / Flickr
4 . Emran Kassim / Flickr 5 . Shizao / Flickr 6&7 : Marc van der Chijs / Flickr 8 . Yu Lu / Flickr
Video : Bladieso / Youtube
See Also :
Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and reportorial outtakes , Wired Science on Twitter .
Many countries already have swine flu precautions in place UN health officials are expected to declare the first global flu pandemic in 40 years , after holding emergency talks on the swine flu crisis .
The World Health Organization called the meeting after a steep rise in the number of cases in Australia .
A BBC correspondent says it has little option but to declare a pandemic now there are nearly 28,000 recorded cases .
Reports say that the WHO had already told member countries it had decided to raise the alert to pandemic level .
Hong Kong said it was closing all its nurseries and primary schools for two weeks following 12 school cases .
The last global flu pandemic came in 1968 over the Hong Kong flu .
That pandemic killed about one million people .
A disease is classed as a pandemic when transmission between humans becomes widespread in at least two regions of the world .
Anxiety management
The latest virus emerged in Mexico in April and since then thousands of cases have been confirmed throughout North and South America .
The H1N1 strain has spread to 74 countries but the WHO has so far resisted labelling the outbreak a full - blown pandemic .
SWINE FLU - THE BASICS
Symptoms usually similar to seasonal flu
It is a new version of the H1N1 strain which caused the 1918 flu pandemic Current treatments do work , but there is no vaccine Good personal hygiene , such as washing hands , covering nose when sneezing advised
Parents back Hong Kong action
What comes next in flu fight WHO chief Margaret Chan talked to officials from eight countries with large flu outbreaks on Wednesday in an attempt to confirm the spread of the disease .
She said she believed the situation could be regarded as a pandemic but wanted clear evidence before making an announcement .
The BBC's Imogen Foulkes , in Geneva , says that while the number of cases has made the declaration inevitable , the problem is that the pandemic phase system is designed for a very different type of virus .
WHO spokesman Gregory Hartl said it had been expecting something more like the deadlier bird flu .
" It was believed that the next pandemic would be something like H5N1 bird flu , where you were seeing really high death rates , and so there were people who believed we might be in a kind of apocalyptic situation and what we 're really seeing now with H1N1 is that in most cases the disease is self - limiting , " he told the BBC .
WHO PANDEMIC ALERT PHASES Phase 1 : No infections in humans are being caused by viruses circulating in animals .
Phase 2 : Animal flu virus causes infection in humans , and is a potential pandemic threat .
Phase 3 : Flu causes sporadic cases in people , but no significant human - to - human transmission .
Phase 4 : Human - to - human transmission and community - level outbreaks .
Phase 5 : Human - to - human transmission in at least two countries .
Strong signal pandemic imminent .
Phase 6 : Virus spreads to another country in a different region .
Global pandemic under way .
Post - peak : Pandemic activity appears to be decreasing though second wave possible .
Post - pandemic : activity returns to normal , seasonal flu levels .
BACK {current} of {total} NEXT " Let 's say 98 or 99 % of the people we so far know to be affected recover without any need of hospitalisation .
The WHO will have to manage the global anxiety the declaration of a pandemic will generate , our correspondent says .
It is concerned not to trigger panic measures such as border closures and travel bans and is expected to advocate careful medical management , including the moderate use of anti-viral drug tamiflu .
Using it on a widespread preventative scale could simply create drug resistance , our correspondent adds .
Clear signal
The WHO 's move follows Australia 's confirmation of more than 1,200 cases - a four - fold increase in a week .
All primary schools and nurseries in Hong Kong are to shut for 14 days from Friday in a bid to contain the virus , the territory 's chief executive Donald Tsang said .
It follows confirmation that 12 secondary school pupils have contracted the illness .
Secondary schools are not yet being ordered to close .
At least 50 people are now confirmed to have the virus in the territory .
The head of the WHO 's global influenza programme , Keiji Fukuda , said the situation had " evolved a lot " in recent days .
" We are getting close to knowing that we are in a pandemic situation , " he said .
Although most sufferers experience normal flu symptoms and make a full recovery , the WHO has confirmed 141 deaths from 27,737 cases .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Die Piratenpartei , von der aufgeheizten „ Killerspiel “ - Debatte dazu getrieben , hat erneut Killerschach gespielt .
Diesmal am Rande der „ Wir sind Gamer “ - Demo gegen Spieleverbote .
Es waren viele Interessierte Zuschauer und Pressevertreter anwesend , die das blutige Spektakel verfolgten .
„ Im Schach nämlich geht es darum , den Gegner klein zu kriegen , sein Ego zu zerbrechen und zu zermahlen , seine Selbstachtung zu zertreten und zu verscharren und seine ganze missachtenswerte so genannte Persönlichkeit ein für alle
Mal tot zu hacken und zu zerstampfen und dadurch die menschliche Gesellschaft von einer stinkenden Pestbeule zu befreien .
Es ist ein königliches Spiel . “ - Bobby Fischer , ehem .
Schachweltmeister
müssen wir jetzt auch Schach verbieten ? 😉
You have have heard about the huge exclusivity deal that Sony put into place for the European release of Ghostbusters , a game that has been eagerly anticipated by fans for several years now .
There were lingering questions of when the game would show up on non-Sony consoles in the region , and we have a final answer for you .
Europeans , mark your calendars , for November 1st 2009 is the day Ghostbusters releases on PC , Xbox 360 , and Nintendo DS in your region , nearly five months after PS2 and PS3 owners get their hands on it .
While these sorts of timed exclusivity deals seemed to be present primarily on the 360 , it looks like Sony is now more than willing to take a jab back .
Here is a link to online retailer HMV , which has free shipping to U.K. residents .
2007-03-14
Posted March 14 , 2007 at 12:00 am
YO. Fans of Achewood or Digital Strips should tune in for tonight 's Digital Strips Livecast .
They 'll be talking Achewood , and you 'll be able to call in using either your phone or Skype .
You 'll have to download a little software , so make sure to tune in before the show begins at 9:30 EST .
I may be calling in at some point .
So , if you wanna hear me awkwardly discuss comics , tonight is your night .
- ZachPS : To people whom I owe links - I will get to it !
Promise !
I want to give you your own news posts , but I had to do this one for today .
AP
FIRST came the tolling bells of St Bartholomew 's church .
Then the traffic disappeared and the throng on both sides of the road fell silent .
The order for the members of the Royal British Legion to dip their standards was shouted out .
The undertaker , in a black top hat , began his slow march , followed by eight gleaming hearses , each carrying the coffin of a fallen British soldier wrapped in the Union Flag .
Their passage was punctuated by faint thuds of flowers being thrown on the bonnets .
Hesitantly at first , then vigorously , a ripple of applause rose from the onlookers .
Finally came the sound of muffled sobbing .
The village of Wootton Bassett in Wiltshire , close to RAF Lyneham , has honoured British servicemen killed in war dozens of times since the first impromptu show of respect in 2007 .
But never has there been a public salute such as the gathering on July 14th .
It became a national day of mourning , broadcast live on television , with thousands of people from across the country — veterans of wars past , and citizens who have never known war — honouring the dead soldiers .
It was not a day for politics .
But there was a clear sense of anger with the government , whether for sending boys to die in a distant war , or for trying to fight that war on the cheap , without the right manpower or equipment .
“ I 'm here to respect them young lads that have lost their lives over what I consider an unnecessary war , ” said a former soldier wearing three campaign medals .
“ They [ the Afghans ] thrashed the Russians , and they 're going to thrash us again . ”
The British public has long been accustomed to the deaths in action of its servicemen .
Almost every year since 1945 has seen military fatalities in some corner of the world .
Indeed , Britain prides itself on being a nation of fine soldiers .
It invaded Iraq with America , and provides the second - largest contingent of forces to the NATO - led International Security Assistance Force ( ISAF ) in Afghanistan .
But something is shifting in the attitude of the British public towards the war in Afghanistan , and it will be watched closely by America and other allies .
President Barack Obama has been quick to praise the “ extraordinary ” work of British troops , recognising that he needs to help keep them in the fight .
It has been a particularly bloody month in Helmand province , where British troops have been slugging it out with the Taliban for three years for limited gains .
Fifteen soldiers have died so far this month ; more have now lost their lives in Afghanistan than in Iraq .
The eight who arrived at Wootton Bassett died in the space of 24 hours .
Five were killed in a double bombing in Sang in that all but put their platoon out of action .
The rest died in the district of Nad Ali , where the British forces are trying to push the Taliban out in Operation Panchai Palang , or Panther 's Claw .
The operation has been making slow progress through a maze of irrigation canals — a terrain as hard as the bocage of Normandy in the second world war , mixed with Iraq - like fighting around civilian compounds and countless home - made bombs .
To a growing number of critics , it is the British who are caught in the Taliban 's claws .
The war in Afghanistan has , until recently , had an oddly low political profile in Britain .
One reason is that it was long overshadowed by the conflict in Iraq .
With the withdrawal of Britain 's last combat troops from Basra , that is no longer the case .
The other reason is that , unlike the conflict in Iraq , the Afghan war has commanded broad political support .
Whereas the Liberal Democrats , the country 's third party , opposed Britain 's participation in the invasion of Iraq , all the main parties have supported the country 's involvement in Afghanistan since the outset .
At least , they have done so until now .
Ministers against generals
The cross-party consensus on Afghanistan is under more strain than ever before .
Both the Tories and the Lib Dems still say they back the deployment , but they attack the government 's perceived lack of strategy and its parsimony towards the armed forces .
Liam Fox , the Tory shadow defence secretary , has accused the government of “ the ultimate dereliction of duty ” .
The Tories have concentrated their fire on the shortfall in the helicopters available to British forces — though the criticism is undermined by their reluctance to promise extra defence spending if they win the election due by next year .
Nick Clegg , the leader of the Lib Dems , has been sharper : he talks about soldiers ' lives being “ thrown away ” , describing the mission in Afghanistan as “ over - ambitious in aim and under - resourced in practice ” .
Yet the most important divide may not be between political parties but between government ministers and military commanders .
Gordon Brown 's ill - judged appointment of Des Browne in 2006 as defence secretary , doubling the next year as Scottish secretary , alienated some of the top brass .
Confidence has hardly been increased by the loss of his successor , the well - liked John Hutton , during last month 's crisis over the future of Mr Brown , and the promotion of the junior defence minister , Bob Ainsworth , to the main job as the least bad option .
The prime minister now stands accused by many generals , more explicitly than is customary , of skimping on the men and kit needed for the Afghan campaign .
In an interview this week in Helmand General Sir Richard Dannatt , the outgoing head of the army , noted that he was flying in an American helicopter because a British one was not available .
He had asked in public for a reinforcement of 2,000 troops ( and more in private ) , but received the promise of only a temporary boost of 700 soldiers , amid resistance from the Treasury and the Foreign Office .
All this feeds the generals ' belief that Mr Brown does not much care for the armed forces .
One general says : “ Tony Blair did not understand us .
Gordon Brown does not like us . ”
This vocal disgruntlement is one factor that may sway public opinion about the war .
Polls have offered wildly varying impressions of the support it enjoys among the electorate .
One conducted this week , for the BBC and the Guardian newspaper , found that roughly equal proportions declared themselves for and against the war — and that support for it was actually higher now than it had been in 2006 .
Britain 's precarious fiscal position will make a difference ; voters may be less inclined to back expensive military adventures as state expenditure at home is cut , as it soon must be .
And , above all , the rising level of fatalities may tilt sentiment , and embolden politicians , against the war .
Matters are only aggravated by the fact that the service chiefs are not just fighting the war in Afghanistan , but are also scrapping among themselves over scarce funds and the future of defence policy .
On current plans , the bill for military equipment will amount to billions more than the defence budget provides for , and nobody expects more money .
Today 's wars are being fought primarily on land , but the big money is being spent mostly on fighter jets , ships and submarines .
For some officials in Downing Street , the army 's request for more resources is a ploy to shore up its position relative to the other services — a policy of “ use it or lose it ” .
Such suspicions are not without foundation .
Consultations have started for a Strategic Defence Review , the first since the one overseen by George Robertson in 1998 , that both Labour and the Tories promise to set up after the next general election .
General Sir David Richards , the incoming army chief , says there are two contending visions : “ fortress Britain ” , in which the country equips itself for a conventional all - out war against , say , Russia ; and “ asymmetric ” warfare , in which Britain continues to involve itself in messy counter - insurgency campaigns .
In his view , Britain needs to concentrate on asymmetry — by implication , cutting big programmes for planes and ships .
The “ risk ” it would take in high - end warfare would be mitigated by NATO 's protection .
Bloodied in the green zone
Such debates seem distant from the men of the 1st battalion of the Welsh Guards , pushing grittily along the Shamalan canal .
The idea behind Operation Panther 's Claw is to extend control of the populous , irrigated “ green zone ” by linking up the capital of Helmand , Lashkar Gah , with Gereshk , on the main ring road .
The canal would become the new defensive line , keeping the Taliban out in the west while protecting the population on the other side .
By controlling the bridges over the canal , and by using biometric technology , they will keep a close watch on those crossing in and out .
For now , though , the British troops are under fire from both sides of the canal .
Their only supply route is the narrow road along it , where the Taliban have been planting as many bombs as they can muster .
Attacks on the British positions at dawn and dusk are routine ; one Welsh Guards company was attacked 15 times in a day .
Progress has been slow , partly because the troops are being methodical in holding on to their gains and partly because they are meeting strong resistance from the Taliban .
The British have advanced only two kilometres in two months of fighting .
It is a tough , frustrating and bloody business .
One of several fatalities in the operation was the battalion 's commander , Lieutenant - Colonel Rupert Thorneloe .
The Ministry of Defence has resorted to boasting about the number of Taliban it has killed in the operation , nearly 200 , even though senior officers know that such “ body counts ” are irrelevant .
In parallel , American marines are making a big push to extend control of areas farther south .
The American overall commander , General Stanley McChrystal , has urged his troops to minimise civilian deaths , even at risk to themselves .
It is easier said than done , as Major Giles Harris , a company commander , explained .
“ When we meet the bad guys , we win , ” he said .
But protecting civilians was “ a continual challenge ” .
“ It is the discipline required not to take the gloves off .
You are asking my guardsman not to empty the magazine of his weapon into the compound wall from which he is being shot at . ”
All along the canal , a frequent refrain from soldiers is : “ Do you think we are winning ? ”
The more pertinent question , perhaps , is why the area was lost in the first place .
Until 2008 Nad Ali had been held by pro-government militias financed , in large part , by the drugs trade .
In 2007 , when the Taliban took root around the town of Babaji , they were evicted by British forces helped by the militias .
The next year , however , Toor Jan , the leader of the biggest militia , was killed , security collapsed and the Taliban took over .
One factor was the influx of Taliban fighters pushed out of the Garmser district , where American marines were clearing insurgents .
Another was that Nad Ali , as a government - held area , was the only part of Helmand where large - scale eradication of opium poppies took place , helping to turn the population against the government .
By late 2008 Nad Ali became known as a place of tough , pure Taliban justice , in contrast with the corrupt ways of Toor Jan 's henchmen .
Haji Meshan Khail , a tribal elder from the district , says : “ Before the British soldiers came to Helmand we had very good security and peace .
Now we are escaping from one place to another because there is a lot of fighting and bombing .
People in the Nad Ali district are tired of ISAF and Taliban .
They do n't like either of them .
But they think that Taliban is better .
When British soldiers capture a place they start checking all the houses and arrest the civilians without any reason . ”
The story of Nad Ali illustrates the unhappy experience in Helmand .
British forces never really wanted to deploy there ; they would rather have gone to Kandahar , the biggest city in the south , but it was allocated to the Canadians .
British paratroopers arrived in Helmand in the spring of 2006 , with the then defence secretary , John Reid , declaring incautiously that he would be “ perfectly happy to leave in three years ' time without firing one shot ” .
The British had planned to concentrate on creating a “ development zone ” between Lashkar Gah and Gereshk .
But under pressure from the government to stop outlying towns from falling to the Taliban , the force was parcelled out into “ platoon houses ” that came under severe attack .
In their first six - month deployment , the paras fired about half a million rounds .
Subsequent British contingents were similarly stretched out .
One aim was to clear the road to the Kajaki dam to allow the refurbishment of a hydroelectric plant .
Another was to retake the town of Musa Qala , abandoned by the British in 2006 despite American protests .
British tactics changed with each six - month rotation of troops .
One especially damaging practice was “ mowing the lawn ” — raiding areas repeatedly to clear out insurgents without holding the ground , exposing anyone friendly to the British to grisly retribution .
Whereas the American army and marines drew up a new manual on counter - insurgency in 2006 , the British have yet to revise their doctrine .
They rely heavily on American thinking , without American resources .
Eyevine
Underresourced , underequipped and fired at from both sides
There were several reasons why British commanders asked for more troops last year : to “ thicken ” the forces available to hold central Helmand , to deal more efficiently with bombs and to release men to train the Afghan police , widely regarded as corrupt and predatory .
Demand for helicopters has always outstripped the ( growing ) supply .
Yet the British debate over military resources misses important points : heavy mine - resistant vehicles are unable to move off the roads and surprise the enemy ; helicopters are vulnerable and must stay away from high - threat areas ; and Britain will never have enough troops to secure Helmand province .
Counter - insurgency is about engaging local populations , and that cannot be done from the air or from inside a Mastiff armoured vehicle .
In any case , the question of whether Britain should send a few hundred more troops and a dozen extra helicopters , useful as they may be , is marginal compared with the military power that the Americans are bringing into Helmand this year : 10,000 marines ( more than the total number of British , who are nominally in charge ) and 100 or more helicopters .
But even these reinforcements are not enough .
More Afghans , not more Brits
General McChrystal privately reckons he needs about 400,000 Afghan soldiers and police , double the number now envisaged , though the proportions of each are subject to debate .
In Helmand there are just 3,000 Afghan soldiers compared with around 20,000 foreign troops .
“ I need ten Afghans for every British soldier , ” says one British commander .
Worse , Afghan battalions are exhausted .
They do not rotate out of the front line : soldiers fight without a break for the three years they are enlisted .
Afghanistan cannot afford the army it has , let alone a bigger one .
Expanding Afghan forces will cost donor countries several billion dollars a year indefinitely .
But trying to garrison Afghanistan with foreign troops would be even more expensive .
The country needs a lot more than just military force , above all a legitimate and functioning government and a process to bring Taliban fighters and commanders back into the fold .
For all of this , creating strong Afghan forces is the prerequisite .
Without them , British soldiers will continue to die , and the people of Wootton Bassett will continue to line the road — until the day , that is , when the British public has had enough and demands that the troops come home .
A retreat without securing some sort of success would be the cruellest blow for the men on the ground .
With Eggs and simpler installation and dependencies there 's more opportunities to distribute smaller packages and split large packages up into pieces .
I was reading this post on Zope :
I think this [ splitting up of packages ] is a big deal and too hope that we can " explode " Zope 3 into many eggs soon .
Jim wants to do it for Zope 3.4 , yay !
Having smaller , more easily distributable Zope packages will also reduce the buy - in into Zope as a platform .
For example , you wo n't have to ship with the ZMI anymore if you not only think it sucks but also find it disturbing to develop with .
Of course , I like this direction .
But not because of small distributions ; there 's a small number of places where that matters ( e.g. , mobile phones ) , but for most of us the download time and disk space is n't a big deal .
And after all , just because one app does n't require the ZMI does n't mean you do n't have it installed -- if it is already there you are n't saving any disk space .
The advantage I see in breaking up pieces is discipline , extensibility , and creating a hierarchy to the concepts in your library or framework .
Discipline :
Given a big package , developers will sometimes say that the package is loosely coupled on the inside , and if you want to use foo . x but not foo.y that 's fine , because they do n't depend on each other .
How do you know they do n't depend on each other ?
How do you know they wo n't depend on each other in the future ?
How do you know someone wo n't read about DRY and factor out pieces that are shared between the two modules ?
How do you know someone wo n't " fix " a bug in foo . z that both modules use , breaking something you depended on in some interface ?
If you use two different distributions for these two modules , you actually have lots of ways of detecting these problems and truly keeping the modules decoupled .
It 's not automatic -- there 's always opportunities to break things .
But the discipline of distribution boundaries ( and other separations like separate release schedules ) will tend to keep you honest about coupling .
Extensibility :
One argument for keeping things packaged together is that it allows for optional integration , so that people who want to use all the features get a more convenient tool .
This means that , for instance , an object may have a method that binds it to another module in the package .
But it 's optional , because you do n't have to call the method .
The programmer asked to trust that this " optional " feature is truly optional may consider all the questions raised under Discipline , but imagine that these issues are addressed .
So what 's the problem ?
In this case , the optional integration has a privileged position .
The original author 's libraries get special hooks , but the developer using those libraries does n't get the same access .
You could monkey patch your own extension , but you 'll only have created a horrible coupled mess .
You could avoid the extension entirely , of course , but if the original author thought it was sufficiently useful to create the extension it is likely that another user of the library will feel the same .
Hierarchy of Concepts :
Ideally a system will be layed out with a nice hierarchy of concepts : Library - A Library - B | \ / | \ / | \ / Library - C \ / \/ Library - D | | Library - E
To understand Library A you have to understand all of Library C , D , and E .
To understand Library D you only need understand Library E. Given a hierarchy like this , there 's actually an advantage to not using the entire framework / system .
You do n't need to understand nearly as much , and learning a library is probably the biggest overhead to using a library .
It can be argued that if you want to use Library A , you only need to read about Library A .
If the documentation is very good , this is somewhat true .
It is true if you use it perfectly and write no buggy code and the libraries themselves have no bugs and you do n't need to do anything that goes outside the bounds of what Library A provides .
This is n't my experience programming , and is n't typical when using F / OSS .
There is also a hierarchy of stability .
If Library E is a moving target then you are just plain hosed .
If someone keeps making API changes in Library D you are also hosed .
If stability does not increase as you move down your stack then the stack is a big ball of mud , even if at one isolated moment it might seem like an elegant and stable system .
For all these reasons when someone claims their framework is all spiffy and decoupled , but they just do n't care to package it as separate pieces ... I become quite suspicious .
Packaging does n't fix everything .
And it can introduce real problems if you split your packages the wrong way .
But doing it right is a real sign of a framework that wants to become a library , and that 's a sign of Something I 'd Like To Use .
