We 've learned about some of its specifications , and had a first look , but it looks like USB 3.0 is going to get a proper unveiling next monday with an announcement of its final protocol specifications at the first SuperSpeed USB Developer Conference .
But at WinHEC last week there also emerged a rumor that Windows 7 wo n't support version 3.0 natively , due to the time constraints involved ... unless the OS suffers delays perhaps .
The logo got a reveal there too — something we should all get used to .
We 'll all get comfy with the speeds of the new connection : at 4.8 Gbps it'll shift a 25 GB HD movie file in 70 seconds .
USB 2.0 takes 13 minutes and USB 1.0 over 9 hours .
[ Who , in the name of all that is holy , good , and properly kerned , who the heck designed this logo ?
Jimmy Carter 's campaign graphic designer ?
— jd ] [ EverythingUSB ]
Advertisement
While Blogger may not be the most advanced blogging platform out there , it sure has plenty going for it .
Its intuitive interface simplicity , and ease - of - use continually appeal to new bloggers , and even more experienced ones , who can't seem to leave the platform .
We 've compiled over 30 Blogger templates , tools , and resources .
See also : Blogging Toolbox : 120 + Resources for Bloggers
Templates
Blogger Templates - A top - notch collection of Blogger themes and tutorials .
Blogger Templates - A collection of beautiful Blogger templates , many of which ported over from Wordpress .
At this point , the site 's still in testing stages , but keep an eye on it in the near future .
Blogspot Templates - A comprehensive collection of Blogger templates .
Blogger Templates ( Classic ) - Many Blogger templates , most of which in a more " classic " style .
Free Blogger Templates , High Quality Blogger Templates - Plenty of free , standards compliant Blogger templates .
Free Templates -
More free of charge Blogger templates .
Shellen Blogger Templates -
A well - polished , semantically valid html theme for Blogger .
PsycHo- A nicely implemented free Blogger template generator .
Pannasmontana Templates - Some well - designed Blogger templates .
The Style Contest - Some great , well designed templates , many of which for use with Blogger .
Blogger Templates - Carl 's Journey -
More nicely done Blogger templates .
Free directory of blog templates and layouts for Blogger - A comprehensive directory of Blogger templates , the title says it all .
Free Blogger Templates and Designs - Extremely well - designed , colorful , non-generic Blogger themes .
Daceblog - Blogger Templates - More , particularly well - designed templates for Blogger .
Tips for Blog Templates and Blog Designs in Photoshop - Tips for designing your own Blogger template , using photoshop .
Blogger Templates | Isnaini.com -
A vast collection of Blogger templates , tools and tutorials .
Additional Tools and Resources
Download Blogger for Word - A Blogger add - in for Microsoft Word , allowing you to directly publish your documents to Blogger .
Blogger Data API - Integrate Blogger with your applications using the Google Data API ( application programming interface ) .
Blogger Draft -
Use a beta version of Blogger , prior to it 's release , full of new features and such .
Blogger Status - Stay up - to - date with the latest Blogger updates and so - on with the official Blogger blog .
Blogger for Educators - Learn how Blogger can assist teachers and students .
Google Macintosh Dashboard Widgets -
A quick way to post to your blog via the OS X dashboard .
AvantBlog - Post to your Blogger blog from your Palm or Windows CE device .
Blogger , Publish , Ping , and Categorize - A Greasemonkey script for posting , pinging , and categorization to and from your Blogger blog .
HaloScan - Integrate trackbacks into Blogger .
w.bloggar -
Windows application for integration with your blog , which includes several features web - based editors do n't offer .
Manage various Blogger accounts efficiently .
Back up your Blogger Blog - A comprehensive tutorial regarding the backup of your Blogger data .
The more sex a woman has with her partner , the less attracted she is to other men .
That ’s the upshot of a study by medical psychologists Ursula Hess , Stuart Brody , and their colleagues , who asked female subjects to report the details of their sex lives and rate the facial attractiveness of twenty - four men .
Sexually sated women gave hot guys significantly lower ratings than did women who were n’t having as much sex .
Simply put : the more sex women recently had with their partners , the less attracted they were to hunky alternatives .
It ’s as if biology blinds them to other opportunities .
Several factors may be at play here — and hormones are implicated .
As I describe in BLONDES , the hormone prolactin , released after orgasm , makes a person feel sated , at least for awhile ( two days , according to some studies , and up to a week according to others ) .
The hormone oxytocin — released when touching , caressing , kissing , and orgasming — makes a woman feel more attached to and trusting of her current partner , even if he ’s just a fling ( the study did n’t measure relationship strength ) .
Naturally , the more attached a woman feels , the less likely she ’ll be on the lookout for another beau .
Or it just might be love .
A separate study led by evolutionary psychologist John Maner also found that women ( and men ) in love are automatically less likely to pay attention to the faces of good - looking strangers .
( Of course the whole phenomenon could be a virtuous cycle : the more committed , the more sex — and the more sex , the more committed . )
As a separate and interesting side note , researchers in the sex study also found that depressed women — even those with partners — masturbate more , which the researchers think may either be self - soothing or actually exacerbate depressive symptoms .
That , or it just might be that these women are down because they have n’t found the right partners .
Perhaps they ’ve blinded themselves to other opportunities .
I ’d like to know if the same is true for men .
The former Federal Reserve chairman , Alan Greenspan , has conceded that the global financial crisis has exposed a " mistake " in the free market ideology which guided his 18 - year stewardship of US monetary policy .
A long - time cheerleader for deregulation , Greenspan admitted to a congressional committee yesterday that he had been " partially wrong " in his hands - off approach towards the banking industry and that the credit crunch had left him in a state of shocked disbelief .
" I have found a flaw , " said Greenspan , referring to his economic philosophy .
" I do n't know how significant or permanent it is .
But I have been very distressed by that fact . "
It was the first time the man hailed for masterminding the world 's longest postwar boom has accepted any culpability for the crisis that has engulfed the global banking system .
During a feisty exchange on Capitol Hill , he told the House oversight committee that he regretted his opposition to regulatory curbs on certain types of financial derivatives which have left banks on Wall Street and in the Square Mile facing billions of dollars worth of liabilities .
" I made a mistake in presuming that the self - interests of organisations , specifically banks and others , were such that they were best capable of protecting their own shareholders and their equity in the firms , " said Greenspan .
His remarks came as Lord Myners , the newly appointed City minister , told the Guardian that a new agency was planned to oversee the UK government 's £ 37bn share of high street banks .
As the crisis continued to depress global stockmarkets , the US treasury secretary , Henry Paulson , also offered a partial confession , admitting he ought to have anticipated a meltdown in the US mortgage industry widely blamed for triggering the crisis .
" I could have seen the sub - prime crisis coming earlier , " he told the New York Times .
He added : " I 'm not saying I would have done anything differently . "
In prepared remarks before the House of Representatives , Greenspan , 82 , who retired in 2006 , called the financial crisis a " once- in - a - century credit tsunami " and said it had " turned out to be much broader than anything I could have imagined " .
He suggested his trust in the responsibility of banks had been misplaced : " Those of us who have looked to the self - interest of lending institutions to protect shareholders ' equity ( myself especially ) are in a state of shocked disbelief . "
The congressional committee 's Democratic chairman , Henry Waxman , pressed him : " You found that your view of the world , your ideology , was not right , it was not working ? "
Greenspan agreed : " That 's precisely the reason I was shocked because I 'd been going for 40 years or so with considerable evidence that it was working exceptionally well . "
In an interview with the Guardian , Myners said the new oversight agency would monitor the government stakes in Royal Bank of Scotland , HBOS , and Lloyds TSB .
Myners , who was chairman of Guardian Media Group , which publishes the Guardian , until he took the ministerial post three weeks ago , said the agency would have its own chief executive and board of directors .
" The government will hold [ the shares ] through a separate agency , " he said .
But he admitted that the Treasury , the Bank of England and the Financial Services Authority were doing a " lot of preparatory work " in anticipation of further problems in the financial system .
Sorry , the hardest word
Congressman Henry Waxman
" My question is simple .
Were you wrong ? "
Greenspan " Partially ...
I made a mistake in presuming that the self - interest of organisations , specifically banks , is such that they were best capable of protecting shareholders and equity in the firms ...
I discovered a flaw in the model that I perceived is the critical functioning structure that defines how the world works .
I had been going for 40 years with considerable evidence that it was working exceptionally well .
The overall view I take of regulation is , I took an oath of office when I became Federal Reserve chairman .
I 'm here to uphold the laws of the land passed by Congress , not my own predilections . "
I have had many conversations with friends about the guilt they feel over “ wasting time , ” by which they mean using their time for anything that does n’t have to do with school work or making money .
We ...
Chinese Python : Translating a programming language
November 21 , 2008 , [ MD ]
Update : Round - up of comments from this blog and Reddit , with some great new ideas and sites .
I remember discussing with a friend of mine whether it would ever be possible to program in Chinese .
Of course , computer language is n’t quite human language , but most computer languages today are heavily based on English , both in the built in functions , and in the libraries that people distribute .
Thus , you write
System . PrintScreen ( ” Hello ” ) , and not Sistemo .
SkribuEkrane ( ” Saluton ” )
I explained that most modern languages have very few built - in functions , and that as long as the interpreter or compiler supports UTF - 8 variables and function names , you could theoretically rewrite all functions and variables to be in another language .
Today , my friend forwarded me evidence that someone has gone much further .
Chinese Python is a complete translation of Python into Chinese .
Not only is all the documentation , and all the program feedback and error codes in Chinese , but you can write your entire program in Chinese - all the variables and function names can be in Chinese , and all the built - in functions are named in Chinese .
Thus , instead of “ if a=2 ″ you write “ 如果 阿 =2 ″ , where 如果 is the Chinese word for “ if ” , and 阿 is the arbitrary name of your variable .
Here is a longer example for you to compare : ( from Chinese Wikipedia ) .
Chinese Python :
#!/usr /bin/env zhpy # 檔名 : while .
py 數字 = 23 運行 = 真 當 運行 : 猜測 = 整數 ( 輸入 ( ' 輸入一個數字 : ' ) ) 如果 猜測 == 數字 : 印出 '恭喜 , 你猜對了 . ' 運行 = 假 # 這會讓循環語句結束 假使 猜測 < 數字 : 印出 '錯了 , 數字再大一點 . ' 否則 : 印出 '錯了 , 數字再小一點 . ' 否則 : 印出 ' 循 環語句結束 ' 印出 '結束 '
English Python :
#!/usr/bin/env python #
File name : while .
twpy number = 23 running =
True while running : guess = int( raw_input ( ' Enter an integer : ' ) ) if guess == number : print ' Congratulations , you guessed it . ' running =
False # this causes the while loop to stop elif guess < number : print ' No , it is higher than that . ' else : print ' No , it is lower than that . ' else : print ' The while loop is over ' print ' Done '
I think this is a great project .
Certainly , programming is no longer the “ walled garden ” or closed loop it was when I was toying around in QBasic .
Today , programmers use lot ’s of different libraries , plug - in to APIs etc , and it would be almost impossible to translate all of these to Chinese , and sad to have to block yourself from anything not translated .
However , to teach kids the basic principles behind programming , this would probably be extremely helpful .
Jim Cummins , who researches bilingual education , has argued that immigrants who receive most of their primary education in their own languages , and only a bit of training in English , actually do much better in school , and speak better English , than those who are “ immersed ” in English from day one .
This is because most of the process in primary school centers around learning advanced concepts and ways of thinking .
If this is done in the mother tongue , the student learns much better , and is easily able to transfer this to English .
I wonder if something similar would be the case here , that a student that has already learnt the logic behind programming , and learnt how to think like a programmer , would not have any problem picking up the few commands “ PRINT ” and “ GOTO ” in English .
After all , what they teach you in comp sci classes is not to memorize as many class names and variables as possible ( I usually have to look those up anyway ) , but algorithms and ways of thinking .
That should be transferable .
( It would be a great research project to see if this is the case .
A ) If kids in China who are exposed to Chinese Python pick up programming concepts more quickly , and B ) If kids who have been trained in Chinese Python are able to at a certain stage switch to English Python and catch up with a cohort that was trained in English Python from the get - go ) .
Stian Håklev Toronto , Canada
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
Have you seen Jesus today ?
The photo above may be a good chance .
Sent by Jessica Lundgren from Sweden to paranormal.about.com , you can see the clear profile of a giant bearded man with closed eyes .
It does resemble common representations of a fellow named Jesus .
Even though that enormous Jesus head does n’t quite fit into the rest of the image .
What ’s going on there ?
Jessica writes that “ the child died short after the photo was taken ” .
Child ?
If you look carefully you may recognize that the photo is of a Victorian couple , with a small child sitting on the knee of the man .
And then you may realize that that child is Jesus .
Or rather that the big white hat of the little one is Jesus ’ forehead and his tiny right forearm is Lord ’s upper beard .
Jesus ’ hair is the vegetation in the background .
Simply amazing .
[ UPDATE ]
In Simpsons ’ colors :
[ / UPDATE ]
Richelle
Hawks makes some further comments , and finds some other less impressive pareidolia in that same old image .
“ What is most likely , and maybe no less compelling — are the false head and other anomalies just ‘ meaningless ’ coincidences in which we find / attach / force / desire meaning ? ” , she asks .
That we first realize a giant face in the photo , even though it does n’t fit the rest of the image , is probably not a coincidence .
We have more neurons dedicated to promptly identifying faces than the ones that recognize Victorian kids sitting on their dad ’s lap .
That ’s why pareidolia happens so often with faces .
You do n’t usually see Victorian kids in the clouds .
An explanation that I hope does n’t make this any less compelling : this is really the best pareidolia case ever .
Want more ?
Keep reading for another interesting – and classic , and perhaps controversial – example .
You do see that girl in white looking through the door , do n’t you ?
That ’s very clear .
And it would n’t be scary to anyone if it were n’t for the fact that that photo was taken while that building , which was the Wem Town Hall in Shropshire , England , burned to the ground on November 19 , 1995 .
Nobody saw the girl there , including the photographer , and no one could be there during the fire .
The negative was examined by Dr. Vernon Harrison , former president of the Royal Photographic Society , who found no evidence of tampering .
And then , there were the stories that there was a little girl that accidentally provoked fires around some centuries ago .
Was that little Jane Churm ?
More on about.com and an interview with David Taylor .
If the photo is n’t a hoax , then the two most common explanations for it must be ghost or… pareidolia .
Occam ’s razor favors the pareidolia idea , and I think our little child - Jesus may help us realize just how amazing pareidolia can be .
Of course , that does n’t prove beyond a doubt that that could n’t be poor tormented Jane Churm ’s spirit .
Some , perhaps a lot of people , will not be convinced .
For my part , I must confess I always thought the Wem Town Hall ghost was an impressive , albeit not supernatural , simulacrum .
In fact , it was the best pareidolia case I knew until now .
At least I think we can all agree that the child - Jesus is no real Jesus .
As for this little girl , I will let you haunted by these thoughts :
Note how her “ head ” is closely related with the railing , and an horizontal line near her “ waist ” actually passes in front of the door .
[ Child - Jesus pareidolia via TDG ]
UPDATE : Salutations , BoingBoingers !
More nice pareidolia examples here : Ghostly Simulacrum .
UPDATE : New analysis suggests the Wem Town Hall ghost photograph is a hoax .
Popularity : 7 % [ ?]
Posted in Ghosts
By Soutik Biswas
BBC News , Mumbai
Pappu Mishra was tending to his customers at his glass - walled cafe at the gothic Victorian Chattrapati Shivaji Terminus railway station in Mumbai when he spotted two sprightly young men dressed in black .
He remembers the two sauntering into the waiting hall , plonking their handbags on the floor , taking out a gun " which looked like an AK - 47 " , and walking toward the platforms where they gunned down late - evening commuters on the city 's busy suburban train network .
" Their audaciousness was breath - taking , " he says .
" One man loaded the magazine into the gun , the other kept shooting .
They appeared calm and composed .
They were not in the slightest hurry .
They did n't seem to be afraid at all . "
The men entered a platform and shot a man near an automated teller machine .
See detailed map of the area
Then they turned around and shot another commuter at the grubby , dark - tiled drinking water station around the corner .
Then , the " foreign looking , fair skinned " men , as Mr Mishra remembers them , simply carried on killing .
Outside the station , shipping firm executive Anil Kumar Goswami was sitting in a tea shop .
He saw flashes of gunfire through the rusty ornamental iron and brass railings and wood carved windows .
Bodies with gaping bullet wounds lay all over , and the waiting hall became a sea of blood
Pappu Mishra
Attacks leave India reeling
In pictures : Mumbai attacks
He walked towards one of the gates to find out what was happening .
" As I entered the station , a shot rang out and I ducked .
I lay on the floor and watched a horror film unfold , " he says .
" I saw a man falling to gunfire .
I saw one of the shooters walking across the platform .
It was a festival of dead bodies . "
Killing zone Back at the station cafe , Mr Mishra ordered all customers to lie down on the floor even as a crescendo of gunfire rattled the building .
The shooters swung the gun around once .
Bullets pierced the cafe 's glass walls , hitting one of his employees .
He is now on a life support machine .
" It was the longest 10 - 15 minutes of my life , " Mr Mishra said .
" They fired at least three rounds without any resistance .
I had no clue why they were doing this . "
Bags lay scattered at Chattrapati Shivaji station after the attack
In that short time , the two men turned one of India 's most historic railroad stations into a killing zone .
" Bodies with gaping bullet wounds lay all over , and the waiting hall became a sea of blood , " says Mr Mishra .
At least 10 people died at the station , also known as Victoria Terminus , on what newspapers described as Mumbai's " darkest night " .
Officials say that of the more than 100 people who died in Wednesday 's attacks by a group of unidentified gunmen , the majority of the dead were commuters waiting to get on to trains at the station .
The police arrived half an hour after it was all over and the men had vanished into a balmy Mumbai evening .
" The system is loose , the security is hollow .
They killed as they wished , and there were no policemen around , " Mr Mishra says .
Cafe attack
Not far across town , Judith Rosta , a German teacher from Vienna , had completed a shoot for a music video for two Indian singers and was walking past the market at Colaba , the hip , touristy hub of posh south Mumbai , with her Russian girlfriend , Valentina .
She says she was buying papayas when she noticed three men on a motorcycle stopping on the road and taking out " big guns " .
" They wore white jeans and T - shirts .
They were shouting , getting agitated and waved their guns around .
" I dropped my shopping and began walking away towards my hotel .
Minutes later , a friend called up saying that there had been a bloody incident of firing in the area , " she says .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Hours after the shooting at the Leopold Cafe , a cult city cafe and a favourite hangout of foreigners and locals alike , the place smelt of stale beer and bleaching powder .
Broken crockery from a market stall lay strewn on the sidewalk .
Fresh blood stains on the bullet - pocked wall were mixed with the old betel- leaf spit stains .
Locals say the orgy of killings in Mumbai began here .
Three men walked into the cafe , drank beer , settled their bills and walked out .
Then they fished out guns from their bags and began firing .
Gaffar Abdul Amir , an Iraqi tourist from Baghdad , says he saw at least two men who started the firing outside the Leopold Cafe .
He was returning to his hotel from the seaside with a friend when he saw two men carrying bags and brandishing AK - 47s walking in front of them , shooting .
" They did not look Indian , they looked foreign .
One of them , I thought , had blonde hair .
The other had a punkish hairstyle .
They were neatly dressed , " says Mr Amir .
As the two girls fell near the cafe , he saw the two men quickening their steps towards the Taj Mahal hotel further up the road .
A few minutes later , gunfire was heard from the hotel , and much later , Mr Amir heard that gunmen had taken guests hostage .
Missing relatives Sixteen hours after the attacks , people are still waiting for their relatives to come out of the hotel .
Vishram Tulsiram
Nagde spent all of Thursday near the hotel trying to find out whether his brother and uncle , who worked in the hotel , were trapped inside .
His brother works in the housekeeping department , and his uncle is a cook in the hotel .
They did not return home after they finished work on Wednesday night .
" I am very worried .
We have no clue where they are .
The police is not telling us anything .
And we can not get in touch with the hotel , " he says .
All around , shops are shuttered and offices are closed .
There is little traffic on the roads .
Throngs of curious people move around talking about the attacks .
VS Naipaul once famously said : " Mumbai is a crowd " .
A day after the attacks , Mumbai was barely crawling .
Return to top
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
GOP consultant killed in plane crash was warned of sabotage : report John Byrne , David Edwards and Stephen Webster
Published : Monday December 22 , 2008
Print This Email This The Republican consultant accused of involvement in alleged vote - rigging in Ohio in 2004 was warned that his plane might be sabotaged before his death in a crash Friday night , according to a Cleveland CBS affiliate .
45 - year - old Republican operative Michael Connell was killed when his single - passenger plane crashed Friday into a home in a suburb of Akron , Ohio ( PREVIOUS REPORT ) .
The consultant was called to testify in federal court regarding a lawsuit alleging that he took part in tampering with Ohio 's voting results in the 2004 election .
Without getting into specific details , 19 Action News reporter Blake Renault reported Sunday evening that 45 - year - old Republican operative and experienced pilot had been warned not to fly his plane in the days before the crash .
" Connell ... was apparently told by a close friend not to fly his plane because his plane might be sabotaged , " Renault said .
" And twice in the last two months Connell , who is an experienced pilot , cancelled two flights because of suspicious problems with his plane . "
Renault called Connell 's death " untimely . "
The National Transportation Safety Board and Federal Aviation Administration are now investigating the crash .
According to the Cleveland Plain Dealer , no new information has been made available since the incident occurred .
Connell was the subject of a lawsuit by liberal lawyer Clifford Arnebeck , perhaps most well known for suing on behalf of 37 Ohio residents to block Bush 's electoral college victory in 2004 .
Arnebeck had alleged Connell 's involvement in a ploy to " flip " votes from then Democratic nominee Sen. John Kerry to then - President George W. Bush .
Connell was ordered to testify in the suit in October , and told a federal court that he had no involvement and knew of no plan to switch votes in Ohio in 2004 .
The Plain Dealer made no mention at all of the suit in their article Monday .
Connell was the founder of Ohio - based New Media Communications , which created campaign Web sites for George W. Bush and John McCain .
Arnebeck warned the Justice Department that Connell 's safety was in jeopardy earlier this year .
In July , he wrote an email to Attorney General Michael Mukasey , requesting witness protection for the GOP operative , which was carbon copied to Democratic Congressmen John Conyers , Jr. ( D - MI ) and Rep. Dennis Kucinich ( D - OH ) , who were sympathetic to his 2004 lawsuit over Ohio 's electoral votes .
" I have informed court chambers and am in the process of informing the Ohio Attorney General 's and US Attorney 's offices in Columbus for the purpose , among other things , of seeking protection for Mr. Connell and his family from this reported attempt to intimidate a witness , " Arnebeck wrote .
" Because of the serious engagement in this matter that began in 2000 of the Ohio Statehouse Press Corps , 60 Minutes , the New York Times , Wall Street Journal , C - Span and Jim VandeHei , and the public 's right to know of gross attempts to subvert the rule of law , I am forwarding this information to them , as well . "
Connell 's exploits as a top GOP IT ' guru ' have been well documented by RAW STORY 's investigative team .
The interest in Mike Connell stems from his association with a firm called GovTech , which he had spun off from his own New Media Communications under his wife Heather Connells name .
GovTech was hired by Ohio Secretary of State Kenneth Blackwell to set up an official election website at election .sos.state.oh.us to present the 2004 presidential returns as they came in .
Connell is a long - time GOP operative , whose New Media Communications provided web services for the Bush - Cheney 04 campaign , the US Chamber of Commerce , the Republican National Committee and many Republican candidates .
Alternative media group ePlubibus Media further discovered in November 2006 that election .sos.state.oh.us was hosted on the servers of a company in Chattanooga , TN called SmarTech , which also provided hosting for a long list of Republican Internet domains .
 Since early this decade , top Internet gurus in Ohio have been coordinating web services with their GOP counterparts in Chattanooga , wiring up a major hub that in 2004 , first served as a conduit for Ohio 's live election night results ,  researchers at ePluribus Media wrote .
A few months after this revelation , when a scandal erupted surrounding the firing of US Attorneys for reasons of White House policy , other researchers found that the gwb43 domain used by members of the White House staff to evade freedom of information laws by sending emails outside of official White House channels was hosted on those same SmarTech servers .
RAW STORY Investigative Editor Larisa Alexandrovna said Connell 's death should be examined carefully in a blog post Sunday , but stopped short of alleging foul play .
She reported on Arnebeck 's lawsuit and Connell 's enjoined testimony earlier this year .
" He has flown his private plane for years without incident , " Alexandrovna wrote .
" I know he was going to DC last night , but I do n't know why .
He apparently ran out of gas , something I find hard to believe .
I am not saying that this was a hit nor am I resigned to this being simply an accident either .
I am no expert on aviation and cannot provide an opinion on the matter .
What I am saying , however , is that given the context , this event needs to be examined carefully . "
This video is from 19 Action News , broadcast Dec. 21 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
RUSH TRANSCRIPT : " The fatal plane crash of Michael Connell was certainly untimely .
The 45 - year - old local man was accused of rigging the 2004 election for President Bush , a claim that Connell denied under oath .
But under closer examination from civil attorney Clifford Arnebeck , wanted Connell placed under federal protection .
Arnebeck was worried that if Connell told all that he knew about President Bush and the 2004 campaign , Connell 's life would be in jeopardy .
Arnebeck said that he received confidential information that Republican operative Karl Rove threatened Connell and his wife if Connell told all that he knew .
" So who exactly is Michael Connell ?
Well he worked here as a Republican computer specialist and consultant .
Basically he is accused of taking votes in 2004 from then - candidate John Kerry and diverting them to president bush throughout the state of Ohio .
And last month under oath in a federal court , Connell denied having any knowledge of manipulating votes .
Records show that the Bush campaign paid Connell 's business $ 800,000 in 2004 , but it 's unclear for what .
Connell though was apparently told by a close friend not to fly his plane because his plane might be sabotaged .
And twice in the last two months Connell , who is an experienced pilot , canceled two flights because of suspicious problems with his plane .
" And now yet another problem was ... but this one took his life .
It 's too early to tell if the federal investigation into Connell 's death has any kind of ties from the work he provided from this office to the president . "
With earlier reporting by Stephen Webster .
Everyone is out to destroy Palin - but it 's Obama 's past we should examine
With all eyes glued to the collapse of global capitalism as we know it , attention has been somewhat distracted from the race to lead what still remains the most powerful nation on earth - the United States .
We ignore it at our peril .
From the shockingly partisan presentation by the pro-Obama media on both sides of the Atlantic , you 'd think this was a contest between twin pillars of rectitude and inspirational high seriousness on the Democratic side , and a joke Republican ticket consisting of an erratic old man and a brainless , wacko , gun-toting beauty queen , who in a fit of madness John McCain picked as his vice - presidential candidate .
Unfortunately for the Democrats , the beauty queen in question , Governor Sarah Palin of Alaska , has struck an enormous chord with Middle America .
As a result , Barack Obama 's media supporters are making a huge effort to destroy her .
US Democratic nominee Senator Barack Obama :
Are we giving him a too much leniency ?
Inquiry
Now the Left thinks it has shot its moose .
It has been crowing that an inquiry by Alaska 's legislature has found Palin abused her office by firing Alaska 's Commissioner of Public Safety for refusing to fire in turn Palin 's former brother - in - law , Trooper Michael Wooten .
This really is a case of half - baked Alaska .
First , the inquiry 's conclusions were ambiguous .
It found that Palin had violated public trust through using official action for personal interest ; but it also said the firing was a proper and lawful exercise of her authority , and that personal interest had only been a contributory factor in the Commissioner 's firing .
And just what was that personal interest ?
Palin wanted a state Trooper fired because he had assaulted his 11 - year - old stepson with a stun gun , been caught drinking alcohol in his patrol car , and the Palins say was threatening to kill a member of their family .
Certainly , there was a conflict of interest because Wooten was the Governor 's sister 's ex-husband .
But should n't the real question be why such a man was not fired ?
What is really astounding , however , is the hue and cry over this non-event in Alaska while a raft of disturbing evidence about Senator Obama 's connections is being either glossed over or not reported at all .
This may come as a shock to most people , but Obama is at the centre of a network of radical associations which he has tried to conceal .
Take for example his relationship with William Ayers , founder of the terrorist Weather Underground which bombed federal buildings in the 1960s and who has consistently maintained his radical views ever since .
Sarah Palin :
The key target for Democrats
Obama 's own political career was actually launched in Ayers 's Chicago house at a fundraising - event in 1995 which fired the starting gun for his run at the Illinois Senate .
Not only that , Obama and Ayers both sat on the boards of two organisations , the Chicago Annenberg Challenge and the Woods Fund .
These organisations put into practice Ayers 's revolutionary ideology by channelling money supposed to fund regular educational projects into extreme radical groups instead .
Obama now says he did n't know of Ayers 's terrorist past and never endorsed his views , simply working with him on an educational project .
But it defies belief he did n't know about Ayers , who was notorious in Chicago .
In 2001 , indeed , Ayers told a magazine : ' I do n't regret setting bombs .
I feel we did n't do enough . '
The crucial point was that this educational project was itself a vehicle for subversion ; in the view of Ayers , its driving force , education was ' the motor - force of revolution ' .
Moreover , Obama wrote a rave review about Ayers ' book on criminal justice , which compared America to South Africa under apartheid .
Scandal
If John McCain had such strong links with ACORDN , would n't he be torn apart for it ?
Through the Woods Fund , Obama also funnelled millions of dollars to the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now ( ACORN ) .
Described by an academic sympathiser as ' a uniquely militant organisation ' , ACORN played a significant role in the sub - prime scandal - which detonated America 's financial crisis - by physically intimidating banks into lowering credit standards for poor and minority customers .
The Obama campaign has paid an ACORN subsidiary $ 800,000 to register new voters .
But now , numerous states are launching investigations into massive voter fraud being carried out by ACORN activists who are being caught falsifying voter registration cards , registering fictitious individuals and hounding voters to register multiple times .
But Obama 's connections with ACORN go even deeper .
Even though his campaign has denied this , for several years running he trained its activists and in 1992 even ran one of its voter registration projects .
Such radical links fit with other highly dubious associations Obama has made .
We all
know that , under pressure , he distanced himself from his longstanding mentor Pastor Wright , who infamously coined the phrase ' God damn America ! '
But Obama never distanced himself from the anti-white teachings of his church , which was heavily influenced by the philosophy of the black racist James Cone who claimed that ' whiteness is the symbol of the antichrist ' .
And after the controversy over Wright , Obama has become close to another preacher , Jim Wallis , who spews out the same anti-American message - once calling the U.S. ' the great power , the great seducer , the great captor and destroyer of human life ' .
That 's not all .
ACORN is heavily involved with a Marxist group called the Chicago New Party , whose strategy is to force the Democratic Party to the far Left by infiltrating it and ' burrowing from within ' .
In 1996 , the New Party exulted that one of its members who had just been successful in the political primary season was - Barack Obama .
Guilt
Whenever any of this surfaces , the Left tries to suppress it by screaming ' guilt by association ' .
Not so .
This is guilt by participation .
The left cries ' smear ' and ' racism ' .
On the contrary - if Obama was n't a black Democrat , with this history his candidacy would have been toast before it got started .
Just consider if the boot had been on the other foot and McCain 's political career had been launched by an abortion clinic bomber ; his mentor for 20 years had been a Ku Klux Klansman , and he had paid nearly a million dollars to far - Right militias who strong - armed voters into fraudulent registrations .
Of course , there is no suggestion that Obama supports terrorism or intimidation .
But the question is whether through expediency or ideological sympathy or a combination of the two , he has allowed himself to be associated with thinking that threatens the basic values of America and Western society .
This may sound too incredible for words .
But what 's really incredible is that , with dozens of reporters feverishly combing Alaska for any evidence to tarnish Sarah Palin , the mainstream media has largely refused to investigate any of this .
What 's really incredible is that a man with such a background in anti-Western thinking can now stand on the verge of becoming the leader of the free world .
Please do n't get me wrong .
I am not a particular fan of John McCain .
I think he is indeed erratic , and has run a lousy campaign .
And the exhausted Republicans deserve to lose .
But the prospect of Obama in the White House as America 's first far - Left radical president is deeply worrying .
It would be a crowning triumph for the anti-Western ideology which has wrought such havoc on both sides of the Atlantic .
The reason Sarah Palin has struck such a chord is that Middle America sees her as the first candidate in its lifetime who stands against that destructive nihilism .
That 's why she is the key target for Western radicals who are now poised to gain the biggest prize of all .
DIGG THIS
Think back .
Think far , far back into the past .
Think all the way back to the last week of September 2008 .
Historians tell us that at that time many Americans took leave of their senses .
Despite all the evidence of their own eyes , ears , and noses , they became persuaded that the world as they had always known it stood on the verge of utter destruction .
Hysterical " journalists " and " experts " on radio and television told them so .
What else could they do ?
Because life without a flush 401 ( k ) lay beyond their wildest imagination , they concluded that " something must be done . "
That realization became the signal for hundreds of devoted public servants to leap into action to save civilization .
Understanding full well that the people expected them to " do something , " they looked around for something to do , and the first thing they noticed was a bill that the Treasury Department had put forward .
They did n’t like it at first , but after rather frantically redesigning it as a gigantic Christmas tree with all sorts of ornaments and lights they fancied would aid their reelection , they enacted the Emergency Economic Stabilization
Act of 2008 , known in some quarters as the Bailout of Abominations .
The core of this statute consists of the Troubled Asset Relief Program ( TARP ) , in which the Secretary of the Treasury would expend as much as $ 700 billion in two installments to purchase rotten paper , such as mortgage - backed derivatives , from banks and other financial institutions .
It was a bold stroke , to be sure .
An unnecessary and foolish stroke , too , yet , withal , bold in the fashion of fearing nothing but fear itself , which was precisely the kind of boldness the crisis seemed to demand .
The program ’s announced rationale required a fair quantum of inference to understand .
The Treasury Secretary claimed that the sine qua non was to unlock frozen credit markets , or to restore credit markets that had melted down ―frozen , melted , whatever .
The logic had something to do with the auxiliary claim that nobody trusted the banks enough to lend to them so long they held those rotten ( " toxic " ) assets on their balance sheets because nobody knew when a bank holding such worthless assets might have to file for bankruptcy .
Trading the rotten paper for the Treasury ’s rotten dollar deposits at the Fed was supposed to make the bankers so comfortable that they would lend to one another again , and thenceforth they would lend to businesses and consumers .
Ca n’t do anything without credit , you see .
Credit flows are the " lifeblood " of a modern economy .
All the government ’s spokespersons said so .
So Congress gave Hank Paulson the $ 700 billion , and the first thing he did was to take $ 125 billion out of the bag and give it to his pals at the nine biggest banks and investment banks in the country .
Never one to display ingratitude , he gave $ 10 billion to Goldman Sachs , the firm he had headed before passing through the revolving door to the Treasury .
He went on to give other big financial institutions a cut of the loot , too .
So generous was old Hank with the taxpayers ’ money that he has now handed out $ 290 billion of the $ 350 billion that Congress authorized him to spend immediately .
He has traded the money for preferred shares in the recipient companies , thereby realizing Eugene Debs ’s cherished dream of bringing socialism to the United States , but — mirabile dictu — he has not spent a dime on the rotten paper whose purchase was the heart and soul of the big bailout law .
Porqué no ?
Well , it seems that despite plans to acquire the rotten paper by holding reverse auctions ―a method so sexy that it made economists quiver in anticipation ―the financial geniuses at the Treasury could n’t figure out how to pull off this peachy - keen type of transactions , even with help from the financial geniuses employed by Hank ’s pals at Goldman and Morgan Stanley ( you know , the same MIT Ph.D.s who calculated a few years ago that nothing could possibly go wrong in the pyramid of mortgage - backed derivatives ) .
Rather than spin the wheels trying to solve a complicated auction problem , Paulson decided — what the hell — he ’d just go to the top of the Empire State Building and toss great gobs of money over the side on a windy day .
It was bound to land in the right neighborhood so long as a northerly wind prevailed .
So he tossed and tossed , and pretty soon he had thrown nearly $ 300 billion to the wind .
Mission accomplished .
Finally , on Wednesday this week , the Treasury announced officially that the TARP was dead as a dodo .
The government was not going to buy any " toxic " assets , even though buying them had been the entire rationale for enactment of the EESA on October 3 .
Instead , the Treasury was said to be concocting a new plan , which the New York Times described as " aimed at unlocking the frozen consumer credit market . "
( Memo to NYT : check the data on consumer loans published by the Federal Reserve System .
The latest report , dated November 7 , says : " Consumer credit increased at an annual rate of 1 - 1/ 4 percent in the third quarter .
Revolving credit increased at an annual rate of 2 - 1/ 2 percent , and nonrevolving credit increased at an annual rate of 1/2 percent .
In September , consumer credit increased at an annual rate of 3 - 1/4 percent . "
Would you describe this report as indicating a " frozen " credit market ?
Total consumer credit outstanding in September , $ 2,588 billion , exceeded the average amount outstanding in any year from 2003 to 2007 , the period of the credit bubble .
See chart for consumer lending by all commercial banks .
Many banks have tightened lending standards recently , but credit continues to flow in huge volumes .
If someone tells me these data are not sufficiently up to date to capture the present “ frozen credit market , ” I say to him :
Show me your data .
I ’m open to evidence , but not much impressed by hysterical anecdotes . )
Meanwhile the objective of relieving banks of their rotten paper so that they would confidently resume lending to one another has become a moot point , because the Fed has undertaken to guarantee interbank loans .
FDIC deposit guarantees have also been increased from $ 100,000 to $ 250,000 per account , another measure that should cause potential transactors to look upon the banks with a less jaundiced eye and thereby grease their lending skids .
Some might to tempted to call the TARP an utter failure , given that it failed completely to carry out its stated objective , but brighter boys will see that this interpretation is all wrong .
Look ,
Hank ’s pals have the $ 290 billion that the Treasury has agreed to hand over to them ; and before long , no doubt , Congress will authorize the Treasury to tap into the second bag of $ 350 billion for the purpose of promoting good will toward men , especially men ( and women ) whose votes for Democrats need to be rewarded in the Brave New Obama era .
The United Automobile Workers union appears to be a leading candidate for such a reward ( indirectly , in its case ) ―besides , if GM , Ford , and Chrysler went belly - up , life on earth would screech to an untimely end , long before global warming had killed off the whales and the cockroaches .
But many others besides the Detroit Bad Boys and their not - always - hardworking employees will be straining at the bit for a sweet chunk of the loot .
The Best of Robert Higgs
Usually , loans on Kiva have 30 days to successfully fundraise .
But in most cases , if a loan does n’t fully fund on Kiva the individual borrower is not directly affected .
That ’s because most of Kiva ’s Field Partners give borrowers access to credit before posting their loans on the Kiva website ( what we call pre-disbursal ) , so the borrower can use the funds immediately .
The crowdfunded money raised on Kiva is used to backfill the loan amount , and when the borrower makes repayments they 're passed along to the specific Kiva lenders who supported the loan .
There are 2 funding models on Kiva : Fixed : the total loan amount must be raised in order for funds to be sent to the Field Partner .
If the loan is not funded in full within the fundraising period , the loan will expire and any funds raised will be returned to lenders ' Kiva accounts .
Flexible : any funds raised within 30 days will be passed along to the Field Partner facilitating the loan and they will come up with other sources of funding to cover the rest of the loan amount .
There are a few situations where borrowers are directly affected and wo n’t receive their loan if it does n’t fund on Kiva .
This happens with direct loans and partner loans that are not pre-disbursed , which have a fixed funding model .
We know it can be hard to see some loans miss their funding goals , which is why we 've expanded the funding options and are working hard to reach new lenders who can help create more positive impact .
Who is Victor Vezina ?
That 's the question bloggers have been asking since this Second Life avatar - a 3D representation of a real person - became embroiled in a legal dispute that could prove a test case for how much jurisdiction courts have over virtual worlds .
Richard Minsky , an artist and publisher who also operates in Second Life , is suing Vezina , along with two directors of Linden Lab , owner of the virtual world , over use of the word " SLART " .
Minsky obtained a US trademark in March 2008 ; Vezina had launched an art gallery called " SLart " in Second Life early in 2007 .
Curiously the case may turn on something as simple as a space between the letters SL and art : literally much ado about nothing .
This is not how Minsky sees it .
In a 25 - page complaint to the US District Court of New York he says that on March 16 2008 his attorney , an avatar called Juris Amat , sent Vezina a " cease and desist " order that he failed to respond to .
He also wrote to Linden Lab asking it to notify Vezina " to cease and desist from an unauthorized use of my SLART trademark in Second Life " .
Meanwhile , as the hunt for Vezina goes on , I can now reveal his true identity .
It 's me .
I joined Second Life in 2006 .
When I expressed interest in building an art gallery , a Second Life neighbour actually living in Australia did it for me .
As a logo I just put SL in capitals followed by art .
I may have thought of " SLart " around the same time as Minsky .
But that does n't matter in US trademark law : who gets there first wins .
Now the offending sign has been taken down - not by me , but by Linden Lab , without my knowledge .
When I complained I was told that " SL " was Linden 's trademark and I was allowed to use it only when followed by a space and two generic nouns , such as " SL Art Garden " .
Thanks .
Clearly , I was a pawn caught in the crossfire between Linden , which claims the right to the letters SL unless followed by a space , and Minsky , who has registered SLART as a trademark and is n't budging .
This raises key questions , not least does the writ of the US courts rule in virtual worlds ?
Meanwhile , a dispute raging about the distance between two letters of the alphabet enables me to say : watch this space .
As mainstream media outlets struggled to contend with the enormity of the terrorist attacks in Mumbai , citizen journalists were already on the scene filing a constant stream of reports and images from the ground .
Every moment of the attacks has been documented in harrowing detail on Twitter , with new messages published from mobile phones every second as people described the scenes around them .
Instead of switching on the television , many followed the action live on Twitter by searching the site for Mumbai , Bombay and # Mumbai .
Twitter reports reportedly appeared hours before the first TV stories .
Council orders jeweller to throw away £ 2,000 of gold dust ... because it is ' commercial waste '
A jeweller has been threatened with a fine and ordered to take £ 2,000 worth of gold dust to the tip because it is regarded as commercial waste .
John Doble was ordered to take the dust to a tip and threatened with a £ 5,000 fine if the dust is found among his rubbish collection .
Mr Doble collects tiny gold particles from the floor and benches of his workshop and sells it to a special dealer for approximately £ 2,000 - a - year .
John Doble was ordered by a council to take his gold dust to a tip as it is considered commercial waste
The Doble Jewellery business has been in the family since 1918 and for 90 years they use a hoover or broom to sweep up the valuable dust for sale .
But his local authority has now ruled the gold dust is commercial waste and asked for proof that he disposes of it properly .
Council officers have accused him of putting it in his normal collections , despite telling them that he sells the dust .
Mr Doble , 50 , said he has been ' bombarded ' with letters and visits from council officials and threatened him with a £ 5,000 fine unless he complies .
He said : ' I am being constantly hassled because they can't understand why I do n't put gold shavings in the rubbish bin .
It 's completely bonkers .
The valuable gold dust , which is worth £ 2,000 , is hoovered up and sold
' I 've written to them and explained that we recycle the gold shavings from the workshop floor .
' But they do n't believe me .
They think I put it in the normal bin and are demanding I leave the gold in bags for them to take to a landfill site . '
Mr Doble , who runs two businesses in Torquay and Devon , sells a range of antique and modern gold jewellery .
A spokesman for Torbay District Council said it is legally required to monitor the transfer of any commercial waste , including hazardous material under the Environmental Protection Act 1990 .
He said : ' This includes businesses who have chosen to dispose of their waste by means other than the council 's commercial collection service .
' If the council does not have any details on how a business is disposing of its commercial waste it has a duty to investigate the situation . '
" How many months pregnant are you ?
Oh .... you 're not ! "
And customers -- what kind of exchanges with baristas do you wish you could take back ?
( Ugly name - calling after getting an unsatisfactory drink ?
An awkward date - proposal to a barista who you later discovered was married / dating ? )
Tell your stories !
Q : What is gravity ?
A : The answer cannot be found in today 's theories .
Newton only claimed that gravity was an attracting force between all objects because that 's the way things appear -- objects fall to the Earth or approach each other when floating in outer space .
So Newton understandably claimed that it must be some type of attracting force emanating from objects , but he gave no scientific explanation for this force .
Why does it attract and not repel ?
How does it cause falling objects and orbiting planets without drawing on any known power source ?
Einstein was so dissatisfied with our lack of understanding about gravity even two centuries after Newton that he invented an entirely new theory of gravity , known as General Relativity .
Yet this theory does n’t solve these problems either , adding that since everything in 3 - dimensional space takes time to occur we must include our time measurement as a literal 4th physical dimension of our universe ’s structure -- hence " 4 - D space - time " , which somehow warps 4 - dimensionally in the presence of matter for still - unexplained reasons , presumably explaining gravity .
In addition to the increase in unanswered questions with General Relativity , it has been found to completely fail even to explain the motion of stars in galaxies .
This has led to the further invention of exotic " Dark Matter " , said to invisibly fill galaxies , rather than questioning Einstein ’s theory and the often - repeated claim that it has been tested to extreme accuracy .
Add to this the fact that there are still a half - dozen theories of gravity officially under consideration at the moment , all with different physical description of gravity , and it is no wonder many are still asking : " What is gravity ? "
From " Nailing Down Gravity " , Discover Magazine , Oct 2003 : For Michael Martin Nieto , a theoretical physicist at Los Alamos National Laboratory in New Mexico , the mystery involves much more than a few hunks of spacefaring hardware ; it reveals that there might be something wrong with our understanding of gravity , the most pervasive force in the universe .
" We do n't know anything , " he says .
" Everything about gravity is mysterious " .
→ To learn what gravity truly is , see Chapter 2 where a new and totally overlooked atomic principle is revealed !
Q : But do n't we know all about the gravity of Black Holes and how even light can't escape ?
A : No .
This often - repeated error is based on a clear oversight .
Black Holes are said to form when a star expends its nuclear energy and physically collapses .
But starlight only shines from intact , functioning stars , of course .
There is no more reason to expect light to shine from Black Holes than from a burnt - out , smashed light bulb .
This is a commonly repeated error in plain view that is intended to showcase and dramatize our scientists ' deep understanding of Black Holes and gravity , but which actually exposes how little is truly understood about either .
Q : How can scientists be so mystified by gravity yet also claim to explain it ?
A : This is a basic conflict in our science .
It is the function of our educational institutions to teach the beliefs of the day and to stand by them no matter what .
This often means justifying or defending theories that are actually indefensible upon any serious close inspection .
Take a good look at these examples of fatally flawed explanations related to gravity in plain view , which are commonly taught as correct in physics classes around the world today :
1 ) Gravitational Perpetual Motion :
As we all know , perpetual motion machines are impossible , and claims of such devices are a clear sign of bad science .
No device ( or natural phenomenon ) can expend energy without draining a power source , and certainly cannot operate with no power source at all .
Yet our science states that an object dropped into a tunnel cut through the Earth would be accelerated to the center by gravity , then decelerated as it approached the other end , only to be accelerated down again , over and over – endlessly .
Even our most elementary physics states that it takes energy expenditure from a known power source to accelerate and decelerate objects , yet there is no power source in site here , let alone a draining one .
Despite detailed atomic theories and even having split the atom , science has never identified a gravitational power source .
This describes an actively operating mechanism that never ends and never drains a power source – an impossible perpetual motion scenario , according to today ’s physics .
2 ) The Work formula :
When all else fails , we are told not to worry about the gravitational power source because gravity never does any work throughout the universe .
According to today ’s science , all of the gravity - driven dynamics in our universe occur without any work being done , therefore there is no reason to expect energy expenditure from any power source – no power is required for any of it .
We are told that objects are pinned forcefully and continually to the planet by gravity , but since they just sit there , even though forcefully pinned down , no energy source is required to explain this .
How can such a claim be justified ?
Simple – ignore the physical gravitational energy expenditure and recast it as a formal Work scenario .
Why does this suddenly seem to solve such a deep physical problem ?
Because the formal definition of Work in physics is : ( force applied ) x ( distance moved ) .
Note : this is not the form of work that we all relate to , where expending energy is doing work .
Instead , Work , by definition , ignores all energy expended unless it happens to move something .
While this formal Work definition does calculate the energy expended to move objects it will also obviously give a zero result whenever an applied force cannot move an object , such as when we push on a wall or when gravity pulls on an object that is already on the ground .
Of course this does not mean no energy was expended , but simply that the Work equation was only designed to deal with a very limited energy scenario where the applied force happens to move something .
It is an extremely grievous elementary abuse of physics to borrow the formal Work formula and misapply it to a scenario where no motion exists just to claim that the " zero work " result means no energy source is required to forcefully pin objects to the ground .
Part of the reason this explanation has been allowed to slide for so long is because this very limited Work definition has the same name as the actual concept of energy - driven work that we are familiar with .
So when an authority figure presents a formal " Work " equation from a physics textbook and does a calculation that gives a " zero work " result , apparently resolving enormous questions about gravity in our science , it is difficult to resist the " no work , no energy " assurance from a teacher , which everyone else seems ok with , never to seriously question it again .
And so it goes , generation after generation , leading to the current mess we have over common gravity in our science today .
Even the forceful constraining of the moon in its orbit is said to require no energy , since the Work equation is also defined to give zero when an object moves perpendicular to the applied force .
So the fact that gravity pulls downward on the passing moon is said to free science from acknowledging the enormous energy that must be required to constrain the moon in orbit .
Not only is this just as grievous and elementary an error as shown above for all the same reasons , but it further mistakes the motion of the passing moon as pertinent to the calculation .
In actuality , the moon already had a pre-existing coasting motion past the planet that has nothing to do with gravity ’s pull .
It is the continual motion of the moon downward due to the downward pull of gravity that keeps its coasting constrained to circle the planet rather than proceeding off into deep space .
Once the thinly veiled " zero work " excuses are removed , it is clear to see that none of today ’s gravity theories can answer even the simplest physical questions about gravity , which is why the Work equation diversion technique is used over and over in classrooms around the world when such questions arise , since the only alternative is to admit " I do n’t know " .
→ All of these issues are resolved in Chapter 2
Q : How can a fridge magnet cling against gravity endlessly without draining a power source ?
A : It can't ... fridge magnets are impossible according to today 's science .
It certainly takes tremendous energy to cling to the side of a cliff , supporting our own weight against gravity , and before long we would tire and fall .
Yet a fridge magnet clings endlessly to the fridge by magnetic energy .
And , as both our science and our experience tell us , such an expenditure of energy requires that a power source be drawn upon to support such effort .
Yet a permanent magnet not only maintains its strength indefinitely ( no theory or textbook shows the power drain characteristics of a permanent magnet as it clings against the pull of gravity ) , but there is n’t even a power source in sight !
Endless magnetic energy apparently emanates from permanent magnets without any explanation in our science .
The only explanation that any physicist will give for this mystery is that there is no mystery since the magnet is n't moving , which gives a zero result if you plug this into the Work equation – a severely flawed diversionary tactic that was exposed above .
No physicist will acknowledge the error of applying the Work equation to deny the ongoing magnetic energy expenditure , nor agree that a power source is required to cling energetically against gravity .
This excerpt from an article on magnetism in Discover Magazine , Dec. 2002 , further makes this point : Moreover , asking that question [ why some non-metallic objects are magnetic ] inevitably lets you in on a surprising secret :
Physicists are also a little fuzzy about those bits of iron alloy attached to your refrigerator .
" Only a few people understand -- or think they understand -- how a permanent magnet works , " says Makarova [ a Russian physicist working at Umea University in Sweden ] .
" The magnet of everyday life is not a simple thing .
It 's a quantum - mechanics thing ...
I 'm just working as an engineer , trying to find out where the magnetism comes from . "
→ These mysteries and law violations are resolved in Chapter 4 , where a totally overlooked and misunderstood subatomic principle is revealed !
Q : How can freezing water expand , even bursting metal pipes , with no energy input to explain it ?
A : According to today 's science , this is impossible .
Every output of energy requires a balancing energy input in order to remain within our laws of physics .
A balloon left in the sun will expand and burst , in the process doing work against the surrounding atmosphere and its elastic skin , which is balanced by the energy input from the sun , so it is no mystery .
However , freezing water has no energy input -- in fact , just the opposite .
Energy continually drains from the water as it cools toward freezing .
So , how does the water suddenly expand with such force from within that it easily bursts metal pipes ?
No solid answers to this mystery can be found from today 's scientists -- only confused hand - waving diversionary responses that still do not answer this clear energy balance violation .
→ This mystery is solved in Chapter 4 via the new atomic and subatomic principles .
Q : How do heavy objects rest on a table without its molecules giving way , collapsing the table ?
A : Science has no viable explanation for this today .
This mystery is similar to the mystery of the fridge magnet .
Atomic bonds are said to result from electromagnetic energy attracting and holding atoms together .
Yet , there is no denying that tremendous ongoing energy expenditure is required to hold the structure of a table together under the weight of a heavy object .
Where does this energy come from ?
How quickly does this subatomic power source drain as it expends all this energy ?
Today 's science has no explanation for this everyday occurrence , so such questions are never discussed .
→ This mystery and clear violation of the laws of physics is explained in Chapter 4 .
Q : Light slows as it passes through water or glass , causing it to bend , but how can it return to light - speed on its own once it exits ?
A : This is impossible in today 's science .
No object in nature can speed up of its own accord after being slowed .
A bullet does n't spontaneously speed up after it is slowed by passing through a wooden block , so how does a photon of light mysteriously return to its original speed once it exits a glass block ?
Also , continuously shining a light beam through a glass block will heat it , creating the further mystery that the beam actually loses energy as it passes through the glass , yet still manages to accelerate to its original speed upon exit .
Today 's science cannot explain this mysterious everyday occurrence .
Here is another related mystery : Bounce a light - beam between two parallel mirrors at a slight angle so that the beam bounces along the mirrors in a zig - zag pattern .
How many bounces will it take before the light beam loses energy and slows down appreciably ?
1000 bounces ?
10,000 ?
Of course , we know that the light beam will never slow down no matter how many times it bounces back and forth , despite the well - established fact that light imparts a small momentum punch when it bounces off objects ( the principle behind solar sails ) .
So , how does a single beam of light impart countless momentum punches as it zig - zags between the mirrors , yet still manage to emerge afterward at the same unchanging speed of light ?
According to today 's science this is an impossible energy - for - free event .
→ These mysteries are solved in Chapter 5 via the new subatomic principle .
Q : Why is Einstein 's Special Relativity
Theory so bizarre ?
Is our universe really that strange ?
A : Einstein's Special Relativity
Theory is all a mistake .
Not only can clear errors be found in all supporting experiments and thought experiments , but even Einstein 's own mathematical support for his theory has clear fatal errors .
One of the flaws is so striking that two key lines were omitted from Einstein 's published Special Relativity derivation found in his own book , Relativity : The Special and General Theory , published in 1961 .
A closer look at this derivation shows a large leap of logic that cannot be properly followed unless several missing lines are filled in .
There is only one mathematically viable way to fill in these missing lines , which is shown below in simplified form :
Line 1 : x = a + b — note : speed - of - light term , c , has dropped out entirely by this point Line 2 : x = a + b * ( c2 / c2 ) — the undefined symbol , c , is artificially re-introduced Now , let the symbol y stand for the expression ( b * c2 ) Line 3 : x = a + y / c2 — the symbol , c , is kept from cancelling by hiding it within y in the numerator
The two missing lines , now added above as lines 1 & 2 , show that the speed - of - light term drops out of the derivation entirely and should never have appeared in the final equations .
The above improper mathematical operations are the only way to add it back in , yet do not actually add the speed of light back at all , but only the meaningless letter C from the alphabet .
Any letter from A to Z could have been chosen , showing how meaningless and arbitrary it was to choose the letter C , which was used to represent the speed of light earlier in the derivation before it dropped out completely .
See if you can spot this yourself around lines 6 and 7 in Einstein ’s own derivation .
Further , this is not the only fatal flaw in Einstein 's derivation , but one of many .
Variables are arbitrarily assigned and reassigned different values , then expressions from earlier in the derivation , which were only valid prior to these arbitrary value changes , are re-used as if they were still valid .
In actuality , there is no viable mathematical support for Einstein 's Special Relativity Theory at all .
Do n’t believe it ?
Again , look for yourself at the link above .
Einstein 's reputation has grown to such heights and his theories have become so deeply ingrained in our science today that few scientists , if any , are willing to seriously investigate this matter and see the errors that are in plain view .
→ The numerous flaws in Einstein 's Derivation are detailed in Chapter 5 .
Q : If our universe is n't the bizarre place Einstein claimed it is , why is there apparently so much experimental support ?
A : Examine the support for yourself and you will see it vanish .
Einstein was a creative thinker who made great contributions to our science , but it is very dangerous to allow his reputation to blind us to the clear logical flaws and highly questionable claims in the apparent support for his theories .
Below is a famous thought experiment frequently used to support Einstein ’s Special Relativity theory , yet a little critical analysis shows that it not only fails to support this theory , but it actually disproves many of the core claims of both Special Relativity and General Relativity theories .
Do n’t believe it ?
Who could blame you , given the supposed mountain of support for Einstein and his theories , so read on and judge for yourself !
The Twin Paradox Thought Experiment
This famous thought experiment claims than an astronaut who speeds off close to light speed would return to find his twin far older than him , due to the mysteries of ‘ time dilation ’ in Special Relativity theory , where time slows down the faster you go .
Yet this same theory shows this claim is impossible .
Since all speed is relative in Special Relativity , it is just as valid to consider the twin on Earth to be speeding along while the astronaut sits in space , making the astronaut the elder twin in the end .
Two completely different unresolvable outcomes occur simply based on how we think about the situation , which is clearly impossible .
Many physicists will either volunteer this famous thought experiment to demonstrate Special Relativity or will sit quietly while others do so , but point out the obvious fatal flaw above and they will immediately retract it , denying the flaw by pointing out that the astronaut was the only one physically accelerating , so there is only one way to look at the situation .
Then they will claim that this accelerated scenario actually puts it in the realm of General Relativity , which verifies this time dilation claim beautifully .
At this point everyone usually agrees that it was silly to question Einstein anyway , and the discussion ends .
But wait !
Have you spotted the numerous problems already ?
Problem # 1 :
This thought experiment famously appears in nearly all introductions to Special Relativity ever presented , as evidence for the bizarre truths of this theory , yet it is always retracted when challenged ( and usually only when challenged ) .
Problem # 2 :
The basis for the retraction is that a clear logical flaw was demonstrated in the very concept of ‘ time dilation ’ in Special Relativity – a core feature of the theory and an effect often claimed to have been experimentally verified in support of this theory .
It is frequently claimed that satellite GPS systems rely on corrections for ‘ time dilation ’ according to Special Relativity , or that atomic clocks flown on airplanes have verified ’ time dilation ’ according to Special Relativity .
So the retraction of this famous Special Relativity thought experiment in favor of General Relativity , is no small detail , wiping out enormous theoretical and experimental pillars of support for Special Relativity , in one fell swoop .
Yet this fact just sails right past as the focus is nonchalantly switched to General Relativity .
Problem # 3 :
As the discussion usually ends once the expert claims that General Relativity solves the problem , there is often no burden of proof on the expert to back up even this claim .
It is usually sufficient to reference this even less understood theory by our greatest known scientist in order to save face even if the ’ expert ’ actually knows little or nothing about General Relativity .
Problem # 4 : General Relativity does n’t solve this problem either !
A core concept of General Relativity is that it is fundamentally impossible to distinguish the effect of gravity on Earth from that of accelerating through space at the rate of 1g .
This is known as the Principle of Equivalence .
So , even according to General Relativity , the astronaut could accelerate to even 99 % of light speed and travel for as long as he wished , and upon return to Earth there would be no mysterious ‘ time dilation ’ effects whatsoever ; his twin would be the same age as him .
That is according to both Special Relativity and General Relativity – no ‘ relativistic time dilation ’ , no ‘ relativistic mass increase ’ , and no ‘ relativistic length contraction ’ .
Further , as stated earlier above , General Relativity fails so completely to explain the motion of stars in galaxies that concepts as wild as mysterious ‘ Dark Matter ’ filling the universe must be invented to try to retain the theory .
So , what exactly is going on with all the claims about Einstein ’s Relativity Theories by our scientists ?
→ This apparent paradox and " proof " of Special Relativity is clearly debunked in Chapter 5 .
Q : Are there really such elementary problems even with General Relativity ?
A : Yes , those mentioned above and more .
Consider the central concept of General Relativity itself -- ' warped space - time ' .
We have all seen the graphic of a rubber sheet ( " space - time " ) deformed by a heavy sphere ( the sun ) , with the planets " following the warp " .
There are , of course , many serious problems with this notion ( neither actual empty space nor proposed " space - time " are physically even remotely like a 2 - D rubber sheet , gravity must mysteriously pre-exist to pull the sphere down to cause the warping that is said to cause gravity , what does it even mean to pull the sphere " down " into the " sheet " once this simplified analogy is extended by another dimension to actual 3 - D space or 4 - D " space - time " , etc . )
But even allowing this to be a mere visual aid just to capture the imagination , there remains a further glaring problem .
Such a " space - time grid " permeating the universe is an absolute universal reference grid no different than the flawed ether theory it replaced over this
very issue .
This leaves it as yet another theory of absolutes and not one of relativity at all -- according to " General Relativity " , all motion is in reference to a fixed , absolute ' space - time ' grid permeating the universe .
So General Relativity 's basic definition completely undoes its very reason for existence , just as shown earlier with Special Relativity .
Yet , despite the many serious conceptual flaws at the very core of both relativity theories , such discussions are not even open for sincere consideration in our educational system or science media .
Einstein 's reputation has been elevated to such god - like heights over the years that to sincerely point out even such clear flaws in plain view is considered unthinkable heresy by many who see themselves as members of the scientific community .
Perhaps now , more than ever , we need to heed this quote :
" Unthinking respect for authority is the greatest enemy of truth " -- Albert Einstein
Q : Since particles never exceed light - speed in accelerators , does n't this prove Einstein right ?
A : No , this simply reveals the true nature of electric and magnetic fields .
These experiments claim that tiny subatomic particles gain so much mass near light speed that they are impossible to accelerate any further , even if the entire power output of a city were put to the task .
Sound far - fetched ?
Yes , of course it is !
The only reason particles can't be accelerated past light speed is because that is the limit of the method used to accelerate the particles .
If the electric or magnetic fields used for accelerating particles have an inherent speed - of - light acceleration limit themselves then more energy will only make each push more solid , but will never accelerate particles beyond this built - in speed limit of the machine itself .
But today 's scientists do n't truly understand the nature of electricity or magnetism -- if they did they would be able to explain how magnets cling endlessly to refrigerators .
→ The true nature of electricity & magnetism is explained in Ch. 5 , showing good reason why particle accelerators have a built - in light - speed limit , debunking this apparent evidence for Special Relativity Theory .
Q : What about atomic clocks flown on jets , which seem to show Einstein 's Time Dilation Effect ?
A : Even Einstein ’s own theory shows this is impossible !
As shown above in the Twin Paradox explanation , Einstein 's Special Relativity Theory has a logical flaw , initially appearing to predict such effects , but a closer examination shows that they should not occur .
We could consider either the airplane or the Earth below to be in motion since everything is relative , giving totally opposite results .
So , even according to Einstein 's own theory there should be no absolute time difference when an atomic clock is flown on a jet .
This is a theory that clearly displays its own futility , which should be expected from any theory whose basic mathematical support is propped up by clear errors and improper hidden mathematical operations .
So why do we hear reports of success in these atomic clock experiments ?
Since we have no rational or scientific reason to expect such effects , it stands to reason that these reports are either erroneous or they reflect other effects such as turbulence or acceleration effects on the plane and instruments .
Note that although it is commonly stated that atomic clocks operate by reading the inner oscillations of individual atoms , in actuality they are very cumbersome , delicate instruments that operate on the external properties of clouds of atoms as they are accelerated and irradiated by various fields .
One could imagine many ways in which the delicate machinery of an atomic clock might be affected by a variety of environmental influences that might occur on an airplane flight .
Again , Einstein's own relativity theory states that we could look at the situation from either perspective -- a moving atomic clock on a jet or a stationary clock and jet as the Earth moves instead -- invalidating any claims that one absolute result was experimentally observed .
Q : Is n't there still further evidence that appears to support Special Relativity Theory though ?
A : Yes there are still further lab experiments and thought experiments that are commonly touted as proof , each of which can be readily shown to either have clear logical flaws or simple commonsense explanations other than " time dilation " , " relativistic mass increase " , or " space - time contraction " .
→ Try your own hand at this or turn to Chapter 5 for the answers .
Q : Did it really all begin with a " Big Bang " where all the matter in the universe was compressed to a space smaller than an atom ?
A : Of course not .
Today ’s belief in the Big Bang / Expanding Universe theories has even led today ’s astronomers to claim that some type of mysterious antigravity force is pushing the galaxies apart -- faster and faster the more distant they are .
Such a force has never been observed in any experiment or explained by any scientific theory , and it even violates our most cherished laws of physics .
Where does this mysterious force come from and how is its ever - accelerating effect powered ?
Even the term " Big Bang " first arose as a disparaging reference to this theory from the noted astronomer Fred Hoyle .
The only reason this concept ever arose is because light from distant galaxies is Red- Shifted -- i.e. it arrives with its colors shifted toward the low end of the visible spectrum where red light resides .
It was assumed that this was the same as the Doppler Effect for sound , which describes the shift to lower frequencies in sound waves from objects that are speeding away .
However , sound waves are completely different from light .
Sound is not pure " sound energy " but compression waves within an atmosphere of air molecules , while light is considered to be a very strange form of pure energy , full of " quantum - mechanical " mysteries and paradoxes .
Not only is there no clear scientific reason to link the Doppler Effect of sound with the Red Shift of light , but it is well known that light is easily red shifted by simply passing it through gases or plastics .
The Compton Effect is a very well known cause for shifts in light frequency , and has nothing to do with motion of the light source .
And as any astronomer knows , distant starlight passes through billions of light - years of various gases , plasmas , and fields before arriving at our telescopes .
Is it any surprise that the further away a galaxy is , the more Red -Shifted its light ?
→ The Big Bang Theory myth is debunked further in Chapter 6 .
Q : OK , so scientists are still struggling to even explain gravity , but is n’t this just academic ?
Does n't today 's science still function fine ?
A : Absolutely not !
As just mentioned , we have no explanation for the power source for gravity , we have numerous theories of gravity in our science right now ( Newton ’s , Einstein’s , Quantum Gravity , MOND , TeVeS , etc. ) , and all these theories have impossible physical implications that overturn everything we know about matter and energy , violate our laws of physics or simply fall apart upon serious critical inspection .
The recent " Dark Matter " and " Dark Energy " inventions are prime examples .
This is no small failure of our current science !
→ The new description of gravity in Ch. 2 shows that our galaxy does n't contain billions of " gravity - generating stars " , but billions of stars and solar systems that exhibit a very different gravitational phenomenon , likely resolving this great mystery in our science .
Q : It is often stated that Quantum Mechanics is one of the most accurate and elegant theories in science .
Is this correct ?
A : Given our lack of understanding of so much in nature today , we have no choice but to invent theories and refine -- or even hammer -- them into experimental agreement .
There is no doubt that something very different occurs within the atom ( and in the phenomenon known as energy today ) , and it should n't be surprising that we are resourceful enough to invent some sort of explanation , but we have mistaken models for reality .
Quantum Mechanics is merely a very bizarre , mysterious mathematical model that has undergone tremendous work by generations of scientists straining for experimental agreement .
As a result , it makes all manner of counterintuitive , bizarre claims about our world , when in actuality ours is a very simple , commonsense world when seen from the right perspective .
To quote from the article " Was Einstein Right ? " by staff writer and editor George Musser , Scientific American , Sept 2004 :
" As Einstein was among the first to realize , quantum mechanics , too , is incomplete .
It offers no reason for why individual physical events happen , provides no way to get at objects ' intrinsic properties and has no compelling conceptual foundations . "
And from " The Master 's Mistakes " by Karen Wright , Discover magazine , Sept 2004 : " In the 1920s quantum mechanics became the rage , and it advanced by leaps and bounds , thanks in large part to Einstein 's persistent efforts to discredit it . "
→ Quantum Mechanics is debunked , and the subatomic realm properly explained in Ch. 5
Q : Is light really sometimes a wave and sometimes a particle ( the photon ) ?
A : The true nature of light has been hotly debated for centuries .
Today 's science states light is mysteriously both a wave and a particle , depending on the detection method .
This bizarre belief even leads to the conclusion that detecting starlight as either a wave or a particle then instantly reaches back billions of years in space and time to determine the corresponding form in which the light was originally transmitted .
Such impossible time travel beliefs show just how lost today 's science is due to its blind belief in quantum - mechanical theory as the true physical description of nature .
In fact , it is very easy to debunk even our simplest beliefs about light today .
For example , it is currently believed light - waves somehow " cancel " in " destructive interference " when they meet out of phase so that the peaks of one wave coincide with the valleys of another .
Yet , a simple experiment crossing 2 light - beams from common laser pointers shows that it is impossible for light to vanish into thin air simply because 2 beams are mis-aligned ( out of phase ) .
In fact , it is a violation of the Law Of Conservation Of Energy to even expect this to occur .
Light is not a mysterious quantum - mechanical wave - particle entity , but something much simpler to understand .
→ The true nature of light is finally exposed in Ch. 5 since the new subatomic principle from from Ch. 4 also relates to energy of all types .
Q : But do n't the famous Double - Slit experiments verify both the wave theory of light and its bizarre quantum - mechanical particle nature ?
A : No .
In fact , quite the opposite .
For generations this erroneous belief has simply been repeated without thinking it through .
The wavelike interference pattern in this experiment is always equated to water waves interfering .
But water waves are not " waves of pure water energy " in the same manner that we think of waves of light energy ; they are a wavelike group behavior of countless particles ( water molecules ) .
Interference patterns between water waves are the result of interaction between groups of particles , not " waves of pure water energy " .
So , why is this analogy used as proof that a similar interference pattern between light - beams is an interaction between " waves of pure light energy " ?
Simply because our instructors merely accept and repeat what they ’ve been told , mentally locking themselves and us into the flawed science legacy that we have inherited .
In actuality though , the Double Slit experiment is clear evidence for an interaction between groups of countless particles of light , just as the water - wave analogy would imply .
But what is meant by " particles of light " ?
This is not a reference to today 's even more mysterious quantum - mechanical photons , but something much simpler that arises from the same sub-atomic principle that runs throughout The Final Theory .
Also , this new perspective solves the mystery of why an interference pattern appears even when individual light photons are shot one by one through the slits .
The answer is really quite simple and straightforward , removing all the mysterious and bizarre " quantum - mechanical " myths we are taught today .
Further , with the new understanding that this experiment shows group particle interaction and not individual energy wave iinterference , it is now easy to see why experiments with beams of electrons also show a similar interference pattern .
Far from proof that even matter ( electrons ) has a bizarre wave - particle dual nature ( as Quantum Mechanics states today ) , this merely shows straightforward particle interaction , just as we would expect from electrons .
But what does this all mean ?
→ This is all clearly explained in Ch. 5 . Not only is the true nature of light finally explained , but a definitive end is finally brought to the bizarre theory of Quantum Mechanics .
Q : Where does Einstein 's famous E = mc 2 equation come from , why does this simple equation apply to the atom bomb , and how is it that matter converts into pure energy ?
A : This equation has been largely misunderstood and misrepresented .
It is often shown in complex mathematical derivations and is said to literally describe matter mysteriously converting into energy in an atom - bomb explosion -- a process that is completely unexplained even today .
But , in actuality , this equation is extremely easy to derive in only a few lines of simple math , and does not truly describe a process as mysterious as a transformation of " matter into energy " .
For starters , consider that the classic kinetic energy equation , K.E. = ½mv2 , is almost identical to Einstein 's equation .
In fact , it only differs by the factor - of - two term .
That is , if we write the kinetic energy of an object traveling at light speed , the classic kinetic energy equation would be E = ½mc2 .
This is precisely Einstein 's equation , only divided by two .
So , why are these two equations so similar , and what does this really tell us about the nature of light , energy , and the atomic bomb ?
Here 's a further hint in a simple four - line derivation that can easily be arrived at for Einstein 's equation , based on well - known equations for the momentum of light :
p = E/c — momentum of light , p , equals its energy content divided by its speed p = mc — momentum of light , stated in terms of its classical momentum , mass x speed E/c = mc — equating the two momentum terms in the two lines above E = mc2 — rearranging the above line gives Einstein ’s famous equation
→ For the full truth about this equation and what it really says about light , energy , and the atomic bomb see Chapter 6 .
Q : Science says protons are positively charged and tightly clustered in the nucleus , but like - charges would strongly repel in such close proximity .
Why does n’t the nucleus fly apart ?
A : This mystery has no true answer in today 's science .
Scientists used to scratch their heads over this issue decades ago -- until they simply decided the answer must be that some type of mysterious attracting force must appear for some unexplained reason between protons when they are very close , counteracting their mutual repulsion .
This mysterious new attracting force is called the Strong Nuclear Force , and is now taught as one of the four fundamental forces of nature in today ’s science .
Yet , this is clearly just bad science -- a closer look shows many serious flaws with this entire picture .
First , consider the endless repelling electric charge force that tirelessly pushes the positively charged protons apart .
Where is the power source behind this endless repulsion , and how can it be that this mysterious power source is never drained or even diminished in the slightest ?
Benjamin Franklin invented this Electric Charge
Theory to explain why charged objects repel or cling to each other , but his theory overlooked the fact that this concept violates our most basic laws of physics .
Objects or particles should not be able to endlessly attract or repel each other , and without even a power source in sight .
This is the first problem with positively charged protons in the nucleus , and also with the concept of negatively charged electrons held in orbit about the nucleus by an endless unknown power source .
Secondly , this clearly flawed concept in our science legacy was merely glossed over and patched with yet another scientifically unexplained force -- the Strong Nuclear Force .
Now we have two scientifically unexplained forces behind the stability of the atom ( the Electromagnetic Force between charged particles and the Strong Nuclear Force ) , both acting endlessly and with no known power source .
→ Electric Charge is re-explained in Ch. 4 according to the new subatomic principle , explaining atomic structure and showing the Strong Nuclear Force to be a completely unnecessary invention .
Q : So does this mean our entire atomic theory is wrong -- both the old " solar system " atomic model and today ’s quantum - mechanical one ?
A : Yes , of course it does .
Scientifically impossible theories that violate our common sense and our fundamental laws of physics are the hallmark of bad science and do not belong in our scientific beliefs .
There is nothing wrong with creating useful working models to help us to think about our world while we continue searching , but our legacy of working models has been mistaken for true knowledge and understanding .
Many of today ’s scientists now take Newton ’s working model of gravity literally , as if there were truly an endless gravitational force emanating from the atom .
Others literally believe in Einstein 's even more mysterious gravitational model of the atom somehow warping a 4 - dimensional realm around it .
We are also taught to literally accept models of the inner atom in which endless , completely unexplained electromagnetic and strong nuclear forces are at work , now said to act according to bizarre quantum - mechanical " laws .
Further , magnetic materials such as iron are said to have atoms that possess inherent magnetism -- magnetic energy that operates endlessly and with no known power source , giving us permanent magnets .
Taken together , the atom is said to expend endless internal strong nuclear force energy , endless internal electromagnetic energy , endless external electromagnetic energy ( in the bonds between atoms ) , endless external gravitational energy and endless external magnetic energy -- all with no known power source driving these varied forces .
This state of affairs is merely accepted as proper science today .
→ The atom is completely re-explained in Ch. 4 , removing all of today 's scientifically impossible beliefs about the atom .
Q : A major feature of the anticipated Theory Of Everything is that it finally shows where our natural constants originate vs. just measuring them today .
Does The Final Theory do this ?
A : Yes indeed !
At the end of Chapter 3 the new gravity theory is compared with Newton ’s at the most fundamental level -- the simplest atom in nature : the Hydrogen atom .
The theoretical gravitational force of this single atom according to Newton is calculated , with all values filled in except Newton ’s gravitational constant , G .
Then this is mathematically equated with the gravity of this atom using the new equation of gravity according to the new theory , leaving only Newton ’s gravitational constant as an unknown .
Solving the equation gives precisely the known measured value for Newton ’s gravitational constant -- including even the correct units .
→ This is the first time a natural constant has ever been arrived at by pure calculation according to any theory .
Q : If this is truly the final theory , should n’t it say something about time as well ?
A : Yes it should , and it does .
The concept of time in today 's science is more science - fiction than science .
Our scientific beliefs about time , based on Einstein ’s Special Relativity
Theory , state that time varies with relative speed , meaning that the laws of chemistry and physics would have to vary between all moons and planets , which all differ in relative speed .
A growing number of scientists even believe time travel is possible via some sort of cosmic - sized , wormhole - based time machines powered by unfathomable amounts of " negative energy " .
All manner of fanciful beliefs surround the concept of time in today ’s science .
But time is actually very easily understood , with none of the bizarre features of today ’s science .
For example , although we commonly think of time as driving events in our world , it is purely energy that drives everything .
Take the batteries out of a clock and it stops , regardless of any notion of time .
But what is energy and how does it relate to time ?
According to our laws of physics energy can change form but can never be destroyed , which means it always remains active and available without ever tiring .
But what drives the tireless availability and endless activity of energy ?
Today ’s understanding of energy differs little from stories of magic -- a mysterious , ethereal , active entity that we have learned to control via various devices .
We really know little more about the true nature of energy when we stop to think about it .
But , all forms of energy are easily understood in clear physical terms from the new perspective in The Final Theory , giving a powerful new understanding of the concepts of both energy and time that hold such mystery for us today .
Q : Lots of good points but if even our most basic science is so full of holes why do scientists simply ignore this and forge ahead inventing more bizarre new theories to add to the fray ?
A : What else can they do ?
No doubt they would gladly fix all these glaring problems if they had the proper understanding , but they do n’t .
They are our science authority today and so are unwilling to admit that all they really know is what they 've been told -- a centuries - old legacy of scientifically impossible beliefs from a much simpler time ( electrons and galaxies have been known for barely a century ) .
Since our scientists still lack a true understanding of our universe they have little choice but to staunchly defend the science legacy they have inherited , continuing to work within this flawed framework .
These working models have served us well during the past few centuries of our scientific infancy , but we are now sophisticated enough that we cannot pretend they literally describe our world anymore .
Q : So , what can be done about this situation ?
A : Read The Final Theory and spread the word !
Until now it has been pointless to challenge the accepted science paradigm ( although some have tried ) since no one had arrived at the understanding that truly explains our world .
The Final Theory finally gives this knowledge and understanding to the public , which , as history has shown time and time again , is where all revolutions must begin .
Do n’t wait for today ’s science authorities to admit how little they truly know and embrace a theory that shows everything they profess is wrong -- it may be a very long wait !
Read The Final Theory , reclaim your birthright to truly understand your universe in your lifetime , and be part of the coming scientific revolution !
Q : If The Final Theory is the revolutionary Theory Of Everything , why is n't it headline news ?
Why have n't I heard of it ?
Why is n't it in stores ?
A : You have heard of it -- this is your notification .
The book is newly published , promotion is just starting and you are one of the first to discover it .
As such , it has n't become headline news .. yet .
Everything needs a beginning , even the Theory Of Everything .
Unfortunately , many misguided attempts at this theory have already been made .
This shows that many people know something is wrong with our science -- so much so that they are trying desperately to fix it themselves -- but many of these enthusiasts have ultimately done more harm than good by forcefully pushing their pet theories in the face of clear flaws .
For better or worse , The Final Theory has arrived in the midst of this rather tarnished environment , making it difficult for the scientific community or the press to give it due consideration .
The Final Theory is n't in bookstores at the moment because it is published by a Print - On - Demand publisher , which only prints and ships copies as they are ordered .
P.O.D publishers do not print thousands of copies up front and distribute them to bookstores .
Although P.O.D. is fast becoming a popular publication method , and the quality and appearance of the books are identical to those on the shelves , most book reviewers and columnists are not accustomed to this method and will not consider P.O.D. titles for review .
Due to these realities , The Final Theory wo n't appear widely in the media , the scientific press , or the corner bookstore for the moment .
It is up to individual seekers to order it and read it for themselves .
As such , this FAQ was created to give as much information as possible to potential readers , considering that it is not possible to flip through the book before purchasing .
Q : If this really is the Theory Of Everything and the answers are so simple , why not just state what this new theory says here ?
A : Although the answers are indeed solid and simple , very rational and commonsense , and completely developed in the book , they do still represent a completely different perspective on all of our science and experience ; you will never view even falling objects the same way again after reading this book !
Such a radical new perspective on our universe requires a proper context and solid foundation .
Otherwise many questions come to mind .. if that is so , then what about this ?
And how does it explain that ?
Etc. Rest assured that all questions are fully addressed and all points clearly explained in the book , but justice could n't be done to this new theory in any less than the 400 + pages it contains -- there would be too many doubts and questions otherwise .
The theory itself is not complicated , but it must be solidly applied to every aspect of our science and our personal experience , from Newtonian gravity to quantum mechanics and everything in between .
This FAQ clearly shows many major flaws in our current science -- many of which are not even currently recognized today -- and goes as far as possible and reasonable to show that the author knows what he is talking about and that The Final Theory has the answers .
The rest is up to you !
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
ISTANBUL --
As Ahmet Davutoglu , Turkey 's leading foreign policy strategist , explains the series of political choices that are ahead in the Middle East next year , he might be describing a row of dominoes .
If they fall in the right direction , good things could happen .
But if they start toppling the wrong way , watch out .
Davutoglu 's domino theory deserves careful attention from Barack Obama 's team as it thinks about Middle East strategy .
The Turkish official knows his stuff .
As the top adviser to Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan , he has managed Turkey 's successful mediation between Syria and Israel as well as other delicate diplomacy in this messy part of the world .
Davutoglu spoke with me Wednesday in the Dolmabahce Palace on the shores of the Bosporus .
The Ottoman setting was appropriate .
For Davutoglu has overseen a shift in Turkish diplomacy over the past several years -- away from Europe and toward the surrounding region that , until a century ago , was governed from this ancient city .
This change of emphasis upsets some Turks , but I 'll get to that later .
What 's intriguing about Davutoglu 's analysis is that it involves a series of elections .
That 's good news for a region that has had too little democracy .
The bad news is that voters may make choices that confound U.S. policy -- and that make peace in the region more difficult .
" We want the world community to understand that these elections are important , and that they will affect the Obama presidency , " explains Davutoglu .
The string of political choices begins with the Palestinians .
The term of President Mahmoud Abbas expires Jan. 9 , and with it , his authority to negotiate on behalf of the Palestinian Authority .
Abbas had hoped that his term might be extended for a year as part of a reconciliation with the radical group Hamas .
Abbas may instead call for presidential and parliamentary elections early next year .
Right now , polls show his Fatah organization ahead of Hamas , 42 percent to 28 percent .
But the situation is explosive , quite literally , because Hamas 's cease - fire with Israel expired on Friday .
If Hamas votes with rockets , Israelis will become even more pessimistic about a two - state solution .
The next political domino is Israel itself .
Elections will take place Feb. 10 to replace the government of Prime Minister Ehud Olmert .
Polls are predicting a victory for hard - line Likud candidate Binyamin Netanyahu , who has been a sharp critic of Olmert 's efforts to create a Palestinian state .
A Netanyahu victory would complicate U.S. policy choices , to put it mildly .
" If hard - liners begin to win [ among Palestinians and Israelis ] , that means the issue will be security , " says Davutoglu .
" Security will be more important than peace . "
There is balloting ahead in Iraq , too .
The Jan. 31 local elections could reinforce the accord reached when the Iraqi parliament endorsed a three - year limit on the U.S. military presence .
But it could also deepen Iraq 's regional and sectarian tensions -- and provoke a new flare - up of violence just as Obama is preparing to withdraw troops .
The line of political dominoes continues .
Lebanon goes to the polls to elect a new parliament in April , with a final round of voting in June .
Iran and Saudi Arabia already are pumping in tens of millions of dollars to support their favorite candidates .
And then in June , a crucial presidential election will take place in Iran , which will determine whether radical President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad stays or goes .
Davutoglu says his slogan is " zero problems on our borders . "
The next few months will test whether that optimistic strategy is viable .
As I noted earlier , not everyone here is enthusiastic about the Turkish government 's new stress on regional diplomacy .
Critics argue that although Erdogan is still officially committed to joining the European Union , he is actually abandoning that goal .
" They have lost enthusiasm on the E.U .
All their energy now is on regional politics , " contends Sedat Ergin , editor of the daily newspaper Milliyet .
Some Turks also worry that as Erdogan turns away from Europe , he is becoming less tolerant of his opponents .
Critics cite his call in September for a boycott of Milliyet and other papers that had reported on a corruption case in Germany involving members of his party .
" His limit of tolerance for freedom of the press and freedom of expression is pretty low , " argues Soli Ozel , a columnist for Sabah newspaper .
Davutoglu stresses that Turkey 's new regional role is n't a throwback to the days of the Ottoman pashas .
The world has changed .
Democracy rules .
But that does n't guarantee people will vote the way the United States wants .
Secretary of the Treasury Henry Paulson stumbles forward , throws money where he can , and hopes the green paper will resolve the United States ‘ economic problems .
If printing money is a viable solution to an economic mess , why does n’t the U.S. Treasury just pay corporations for all goods that Americans want and need ?
One trillion dollars can purchase 50 million cars , 5 years supply .
Voila , Detroit is saved .
Why even work ?
However , Paulson ’s plans rather than directly stimulating the economy are only continuing previous methods for sustaining the economy .
Left out of the equation is that all the innovations that sustained the quasi free enterprise system have been exhausted .
Is Paulson fighting windmills ?
Has he ignored economic history , lost credibility and possibly brought his nation on a road to bankruptcy ?
Since 1980 , in response to the economic challenges posed by global competition , the U.S. has shown the following trends for sustaining its economy :
* Lower interest rates to promote borrowings , which have supported the service industry , consumer industry and mortgages for home construction .
* Escalated government deficits , except for a few years during the Clinton administration , which have pumped the economy .
* Excessive military spending , which also pumped the economy , and tied to military adventures , tried to assure a continuous and inexpensive supply of natural resources .
After 1999 , added massages to the economy have been :
* Easy credit to capture the last segments of the populace that had little debt .
* Encouraging foreign purchase of US debt to support a trade deficit and enable imports that enrich multinational firms and maintain lower inflation .
These galvanizing methods were finally followed by :
* Dollar weakening to increase exports , despite insufficient revitalizing of domestic industry to support increased exports .
The excessive sustenance for the economy finally peaked with no new strategy to continue the effort .
As a result , an economic fall rapidly accelerated .
Paulson ’s thrust supports the financial system in order to reinvigorate credit but his plan can only provide a short term solution .
The most this contrived process can accomplish is to return the economy to a stage of the previous 1 - 2 years .
If the newly available credit is exhausted , and industry is not revitalized to a point above its previous “ prosperity ” level , the credit crunch will restart with added vengeance .
Why bother ?
All the bag of tricks for supporting the economy have been exhausted , except one , which Paulson , together with the Federal Reserve , is now trying – massive printing of money .
What will be the result of this venture ?
An excessive and artificially increased money supply leads to a weakened dollar which leads to higher interest rates .
The higher interest rates lower investment and consumption .
Lower investment and less consumption means lower tax revenues .
Lower tax revenues means higher deficits .
Increased deficits mean a still weaker dollar , etc. , etc. , etc. , until eventual bankruptcy .
A news article tells the story .
LONDON , Nov 27 ( Reuters ) – The spread or risk premium on U.S. Treasury credit default swaps , essentially the price investors are paying to insure against the U.S. government defaulting on its debt , hit record highs on Thursday .
On Thursday ten - year U.S. Treasury CDS widened to 60 basis points from Wednesday ’s close of 57.3 basis points , according to credit data company CMA DataVision .
That marks an increase of 10 basis points in only two days and an almost threefold increase since Lehman Brothers collapsed in mid-September .
An increase in exports , due to a lower dollar , can counterbalance the spiraling currency fall .
This positive result has contradictions : ( 1 ) US export industries are not the problem , exports are high ; it ’s the domestic industries that need salvation and ( 2 ) foreign nations in the global economy will have their exports shrink , face recession problems and retaliate to augment their own exports .
Secretary of the Treasury Paulson ’s contradictory and not too easily decipherable plans are more likely to either provoke a huge depression or bankrupt the US treasury .
President - elect Barack Obama ’s proposals for stimulating the economy by massive government investments in infrastructure and for job creation also lead to huge government deficits but promises to increase the tax base and tax revenue so that the deficits do n’t regenerate .
Nevertheless , if the president - elect polices are identical to President Roosevelt ’s policies for attacking the Great Depression , the US can still expect trouble .
Roosevelt ‘s policies provided a short - term recovery for several years but eventually proved insufficient for correcting the economic decline .
Novel and less conventional approaches will be necessary to restart a failed system .
HARARE , Zimbabwe ( CNN ) -- Zimbabwe 's central bank introduced a $ 10 billion note worth less than 20 U.S. dollars , as the once - prosperous southern African nation battles against spiraling hyperinflation .
Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe at Zanu - PF National Political Commissar Elliot Manyika 's burial last week
The new note , expected to buy just 20 loaves of bread , comes just a week after Zimbabwe issued a $ 500 million note to ease a cash shortage .
Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe Governor Gideon Gono said the $ 10 billion note was being introduced for the " convenience of the public ahead of the festive season . "
On Thursday , the U.S. dollar traded for about 600 million Zimbabwe dollars , and the hyperinflation was expected to continue .
People slept overnight at the bank doors , hoping to get money for the next day .
President Robert Mugabe apologized to his ZANU - PF party supporters Thursday for the problems Zimbabweans were facing but insisted his nation has turned a corner in its fight against its worst humanitarian crisis , the state - owned Herald newspaper reported .
Shortages of most essentials such as electricity , fuel , medicine and food have become a common feature in Zimbabwe , forcing people to flee the country .
Do n't Miss Zimbabwean youth flee to South Africa
Zimbabwe has slashed zeros from the amount of its worthless currency during the past two years -- the latest being 10 zeros in August .
Once one of Africa 's most promising economies , Zimbabwe is reeling under its worst humanitarian and economic crisis .
A cholera outbreak has killed more than 1,000 Zimbabweans since August , forcing hundreds to cross the border into South Africa and Botswana to seek treatment .
Five million people are in need of food aid in a nation that once exported food to its neighbors , the United Nations says .
But Mugabe -- blamed for the crisis by his critics -- said the worst was over .
He said he was optimistic about resuscitating the power - sharing deal he signed with opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai in September , the Herald reported .
" We will be inviting the two leaders -- Mr. Morgan Tsvangirai and Professor Arthur Mutambara -- to come and discuss the way forward , " Mugabe said .
The deal has yet to take effect , as Tsvangirai blamed Mugabe for grabbing all key ministries such as home affairs , local government , finance , home affairs , information and defense .
Mugabe said Western nations and neighboring Botswana were against the formation of an inclusive government in Zimbabwe .
" I was reading recent utterances by Condoleezza Rice that African leaders are not prepared to topple President Mugabe and bring about regime change , " he said .
" She condemned this inability on the part of African leaders .
How could African leaders ever topple Robert Mugabe , organize an army to come ?
It is not easy .
I do not know of any African country that is brave enough to do that .
" Botswana is making some stupid noises .
They are just hollow noises to assure the MDC that the Botswana government supports it and also in response to Britain and America that Botswana is a good mouthpiece of the white men . "
The MDC is Tsvangirai 's opposition party -- Movement for Democratic Change .
On cholera , Mugabe said the country was failing to import adequate water treating chemicals because of the sanctions imposed by the west .
All About Zimbabwe • Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe
If you are like most Americans tonight , you are probably tuned in to CNN , analyzing everything you see — even those television screens about the Magic Wall .
And if you 're looking over the wall , you might catch Family Guy running on screens above all that red and blue .
It would n't be the first time we 'd catch these guys goofing off during politics .
I wonder if this episode is the one where Peter becomes the president of his own nation ?
If so , it 's certainly fitting .
[ Thanks Joe ! ]
Did anybody catch Toobin doing anything ?
– Jason
Advertisement
The post yesterday reporting World of Goo ’s 90 % piracy figure drew a surprising response .
The P - word regularly generates comments threads that scare our hosts , but this one was odd .
It became a discussion about whether one could disprove the 90 % figure , and then extrapolating this to reach peculiar conclusions .
Some could see this as people claiming there were far fewer stab wounds than first predicted and therefore there had n’t been a murder .
Others might suggest that fighting over the exact number is completely irrelevant , as that ’s not the point of the issue .
Now 2D BOY have responded with new look at the figures .
In response to the vociferous arguments that dynamic IPs and multiple installations could be responsible for a lot of the 90 % of registered IPs against sales , 2D BOY dug deeper .
While it ’s true that a dynamic IP , or second installation , would appear as a unique user , that does n’t take into account the player IDs .
The majority of those whose IP rolls around with each connection would still be using the same player name .
So based on player names , 2D BOY discovered that there are 1.3 IP addresses per player – not the figures that many were spuriously claiming .
The stats are these :
76 % of players have contacted the server from 1 IP
13 % from 2 IPs
5 % from 3 IPs
3 % from 4 IPs
1 % from 5 IPs
1 % from 6 IPs
1 % from more than 6
Of course it will be pointed out that each game has room for three player IDs , and they took this into account too .
“ we also looked at how many players IDs were created ( rather than used ) from each IP address .
given that the vast majority of player IDs are associated with only a single IP , this is a fairly accurate measure of how many profiles the average user created .
on average , a player has 1.15 profiles per installation . ”
[ Their emphasis ]
It then completely nerds out to get the figures .
I ’ll not summarise , but paste their maths :
when we take the total number of player IDs ( which is smaller than the number of unique IPs from which leaderboard entries came ) and divide it by 1.15 ( the average number of profiles per installation ) the number of estimated unique installations drops by about 35 % as compared to the estimate based on unique IPs .
let us further say that the average user installs the game on 1.25 computers with different IPs ( i.e. not behind the same router ) , which i think is a high estimate .
that lowers the estimated unique installations by another 20 % .
after factoring both of these in , the piracy rate would still be 82 % , and we should keep in mind that this number does n’t include those who never opted to submit scores to the leaderboard ( it ’s an option that ’s off by default ) .
so while it ’s possible that the actual piracy rate is lower than 90 % , it ’s unlikely that it ’s significantly lower .
2d boy hopes this satisfies the more rigorous number crunchers out there :)
A drop from 90 to 80 % makes one difference : it means there are twice as many legitimate copies out there as previously thought .
But twice 1 out of 10 is 2 out of 10 – it ’s not the most enormous leap .
I ’m sure that many will pick at the maths above and argue their reasoning why they think this number might be lower ( or even higher ) , but I ’m not sure that ’s relevant .
Unless there ’s a dramatic proof out there that slashes this figure into a quarter , it strikes me as a distraction .
If one ca n’t destroy this number , and therefore the 82 % figure is close enough to accurate , given that it might be slightly lower or higher , what then ?
That ’s the interesting discussion .
Is this piracy a problem ?
2D BOY certainly do n’t believe that adding DRM to their game would have made any difference .
( I would argue that logic dictates this – something that is always cracked on Day 0/1 , and only affects the legitimate customers and not the pirates , is going to do nothing realistic .
But clearly very few publishers agree , so there ’s still much debate to be had ) .
But have they been robbed of 86 % of their sales ?
Again , the implication from the company is they think perhaps 1 or 2 of every 1000 of those pirated copies could have been a sale .
But there ’s still tens of thousands of people with a copy without paying for it , far more than those who did pay .
Here ’s another question .
If piracy figures do n’t represent lost sales , what do they represent ?
Is it an indictment of humanity ?
Are they free advertising ?
Could 2D BOY have benefited in any way from them ?
Or are they causing active harm ?
Whatever the significance of the PC ’s piracy rates , the results from 2D BOY make one thing very clear :
While some of us are paying for our fun , a lot of us are not .
Edit : A rather significant statement from 2D BOY ’s Ron Carmel appears below in the comments .
It ’s helpful to put it up here :
Urban outfitters recently yanked a t - shirt from their shelves , citing " bad press " as the reason .
Was it one of their infamous " Voting Is For Old People " shirts ?
Or possibly the one with money signs encircling the phrase " Everyone Loves A Jewish Girl ? "
Or maybe one of the many shirt images that have been stolen from independent companies and designers ?
Nope .
Urban Outfitters pulled their " I Support Same Sex Marriage " shirts from their stores and online shop after only a week of availability .
Before you cite political neutrality as the reason , the shirt , designed by Tara Littman of Support Shirts , was featured alongside multiple pro-Obama fashion items .
However , the difference in controversy between the messages is fairly clear .
A major part of the youth - focused segment of the Obama campaign was set on transforming Barack 's likeness into a fashion statement .
I admit , when reading about this story , I was surprised that Urban Outfitters ever offered the Support shirt in the first place .
UO 's founder and former CEO Richard Hayne had donated thousands of dollars to right - wing causes , most notably supporting senator Rick Santorum .
In 2006 , he claimed that he " very , very , very rarely " had regrets or second thoughts about potentially offensive products ( including the shirts listed in the opening of this blog ) .
While Hayne was replaced by openly - gay Glen Senk in 2007 , this mentality of pushing the boundaries with statement tees seems to persist .
However , what does it say about the company to keep those previous shirts and get rid of Littman's ?
How much sway does
Hayne have as a current chairman of the company ?
And where does Glen Senk stand with all of this ?
\ " At certain times over the past two years , it really did feel like a miniseries . \ "
The Jimmy Smits interview
It ’s an urban legend that actor Blair Underwood based his “ L.A. Law ” role of a hotshot black attorney on Barack Obama during the late 1980s .
Underwood had been playing the part for years before he even met Obama , who was president of the Harvard Law Review at the time .
But it is true that Jimmy Smits ’ charismatic candidate character Matt Santos on “ The West Wing ” was inspired directly by the politician .
Indeed , writer - producer Eli Attie even spoke to Obama adviser David Axelrod to pick up back story and other details for use in his scripts .
The many parallels between “ The West Wing ’s ” final season and the current presidential race have been widely noted .
Like Obama , Santos is a former community organizer with a wife and two kids who enjoys grass - roots support , excels in soaring rhetoric about “ hope , ” yet lacks real congressional experience .
His far older Republican rival , Arnie Vinick ( Alan Alda ) , had a chilly relationship with conservatives in his own party and often engaged the press with “ straight talk . ”
Indeed , “ The West Wing ” also predicted an October surprise of sorts , only it was a nuclear reactor meltdown instead of one on Wall Street that altered the race .
Advertisement
Though the “ West Wing ” finale was more than two years ago and Smits moved on to a role as an assistant D.A. on the quirky cable drama “ Dexter , ” thoughts of Santos and his eerily prescient presidential quest still weigh on his mind .
Less than a hundred hours before the election , Politico spoke with the actor , who had just returned from introducing Obama at a Fort Lauderdale , Fla. , rally that capped off the candidate ’s groundbreaking half - hour infomercial .
Politico :
What went on behind the scenes in Fort Lauderdale ?
Smits :
It was an important night for them .
Shock and awe in a way .
They had the half - hour thing and the live show and earlier a get - out - the - vote rally .
The senator was in conversation with President Clinton in the staging area , and I was just impressed with how ... calm everything was .
That ’s always my big perception about him — the steadiness there .
Sure , there ’s the magic of luck and the timing of things , but it ’s how he keeps his head above the fray that makes me feel he can really be a transformative figure .
Politico :
When was the first time you met the senator ?
Smits :
It was in 2004 , just after the Democratic convention , at an [ American Society of Mechanical Engineers ] convention of federal employees in Chicago .
I was backstage in this holding area tent and he walked in with no handlers — it was just me and him , the cheese and crackers and the Diet Cokes .
We talked a bit about " The West Wing " and how I felt he really kicked it at the convention .
And I said , “ So , what ’s the next step , man ? ”
He looked at me and said , again , very calmly , “ I do n’t know if I want to put my family through this , but I really think that I have something to offer . ”
It was just two guys sitting around talking , but I got a little chill there .
Going back to " The West Wing " again , it was like when Josh Lyman ( the character played by Bradley Whitford ) , who ran the Santos campaign , gets this epiphany that " This is The Guy . "
I even remember asking myself , “ Could this be The Guy ? ”
And look at what unfolded .
At certain times over the past two years , it really did feel like a miniseries .
Politico :
We know “ The West Wing ” writer - producers spoke to Obama adviser David Axelrod .
But did you pick up anything from Obama himself that you used as an actor ?
Smits :
That was happening in the writer ’s room .
Conceptually , when [ executive producer ]
John Wells started discussing the show ’s arc , he said we ’d take our audience through the entire campaign process , and there ’d be two candidates unlike any that had been seen before .
Again , I had just seen this young senator from Illinois rock the house with his speech at the Democratic convention .
But other politicians — Bill Richardson , the Clintons ( especially Hillary ) , Xavier Becerra , [ Los Angeles Mayor Antonio ] Villaraigosa — were seminal in what I was doing character - wise .
Meanwhile , the guys in the writing room were talking to Axelrod to get moves for the scripts .
Politico :
When Obama ’s campaign started , what was the first “ whoa ! ” moment , when déjà vu started setting in ?
Smits :
It was right after Iowa .
Santos has this scene with Brad ’s character where he says , “ I do n’t want to just be the brown candidate ; I want to be the American candidate . ”
Iowa was the validation that the heartland of America was ready for a change , and I know that word has been used a lot .
But that ’s when I got goose bumps and felt this could really happen .
At other times , it was like watching a miniseries unfold .
I kept asking , “ Are you going to really do this ?
Do you really have your ‘ A ’ game ? ” I guess it all is kind of funny .
And it is a little eerie .
I think the bottom line is that the country had been vibing for some kind of change .
Politico :
When did all the media comparisons start ?
Smits :
It actually began in England during the primaries , because they were a few years behind in getting " The West Wing . "
The BBC even put out a special called “ President Hollywood ” that went through the whole campaign process and discussed how Morgan Freeman ’s portrayal of an African - American president in “ Deep Impact , ” Geena Davis ’ female president in the TV series “ Commander in Chief ” and Harrison Ford ’s feisty older president , reminiscent of McCain , in “ Air Force One ” in some subliminal way paved the groundwork for things to happen the way they did .
Politico :
So how will the end of the 2008 campaign and “ The West Wing ” finally dovetail ?
Smits :
If you remember , Santos had to go to Vinick and ask him to be part of his team .
Would n’t that be interesting if president - elect Obama had to go to the senator from Arizona ?
Seriously , though , if by this time next week Obama is our president - elect , I think what ’s going to happen is that the senator from Arizona is going to have to take a look in the mirror and say to himself , “ I lost my voice . ”
Politico :
What do you personally make of the comparisons between the show and the campaign ?
Smits : I do n’t mind talking about it , but after all is said and done , it was just a TV show .
The election itself is of major , major importance .
I was standing on the side during the Fort Lauderdale rally when [ Hillary Rodham ] Clinton and Obama were up there , and a big Latino and African - American contingent was there .
There was an African - American guy there with his family and they were all huddled in the cold .
His mouth was open and he was holding his family tight .
I asked him , " Did you ever think you ’d ever see something like this ? "
And he turned to me , his eyes glistening , and said , " I never thought I ’d see this happen .
I told my family ‘ We have to come — I want you to see history . ’ "
Politico :
How about your political future ?
Any plans for Jimmy Smits to start making like Matt Santos and run for office ?
Smits : Nooooo .
It does n’t flow like that for me .
I save the rage for the stage .
By Holly Peterson
Have you thought to yourself , " I should be recycling ... " , but you just do n't have the time or the space to store all of it ?
Well , no more excuses , check out this perfect solution ...
MONEY IN THE BIN - RecycleBank
Let 's face it .
Most of us can do a better job at recycling .
We seriously reassessed our rubbish in honor of America Recycles Day last week .
But in case you did not , here is another incentive .
How would you like to get paid to recycle ?
RecycleBank makes it easy .
You sign up .
They bring a bin to your front door .
You fill it with recyclables .
You get reward points that can be used at places such as Target , CVS , and Foot Locker , or for products made by Stonyfield Farms , Method , and Evian .
City dwellers and college kids ( who might not have a place to house their own bins ) can utilize the program 's many kiosks .
Whoever you are , it is three easy steps toward providing relief for your two favorite things – the planet and your wallet .
And that , my friends , is how America recycles .
To learn more go to recyclebank.com
BAGHDAD ( Reuters ) - The Iraqi reporter who threw his shoes at U.S. President George W. Bush and called him a “ dog ” will stand trial on December 31 , a court official said Monday .
TV journalist Muntazer al - Zaidi is charged with “ assaulting a foreign head of state visiting Iraq , ” said Abdul Satar Birqadr , spokesman for Iraq ’s High Judicial Council .
“ The Criminal Court has set a date for trial on December 31 and a three - judge panel will run the hearings , ” he said .
“ The case is not complicated and I expect it wo n’t take a great deal of time to reach a ruling , ” he said , adding that it was up to the court to determine a sentence .
U.S. - backed Prime Minister Nuri al - Maliki has condemned Zaidi ’s actions but he will likely not want to alienate Zaidi ’s many supporters , particularly as he and other politicians weigh their parties ’ odds in provincial elections next month .
The defendant ’s lawyer said his client had been severely beaten following the shoe - throwing incident at a December 14 news conference in Baghdad , but Zaidi ’s brother said the reporter would do the same again if he had the chance .
Uday al - Zaidi said his brother had told an investigative judge Sunday that he had expected to be shot after hurling his first shoe .
Slideshow ( 11 images )
But when that did not happen , “ ‘ that gave me time to throw the second ( shoe ) , ’ ” Zaidi quoted his brother as saying .
“ ‘ If the clock were turned back , I ’d do the same thing over again . ’ ”
The trial of Zaidi , whose actions struck a chord among those who blame Bush for the horrific bloodshed unleashed by the 2003 U.S. - led invasion of Iraq , will likely be closely watched .
In an unusual move that may reflect the sensitivity of the case for Maliki , Iraqi authorities will give the media full access to the trial .
Zaidi , who visited his brother for over an hour at an undisclosed location where he is being held in Baghdad ’s heavily fortified Green Zone , said that “ the signs of torture were clear on ( Muntazer al - Zaidi ’s ) face and his body . ”
He said the reporter has a tooth missing , his nose was injured and there were bruises on his arms and legs .
Zaidi ’s brothers have previously said he suffered a broken arm but in recent days have retracted those allegations .
Uday al - Zaidi said his brother had been tortured into telling the authorities that someone persuaded him to throw his shoes at Bush .
Maliki referred Sunday to an alleged accomplice or instigator as someone known for cutting off heads but did not elaborate .
The prime minister has sought to soothe outcry over the reporter ’s fate .
He met praised the Iraqi media when he met journalists Sunday , pledging justice would run its course -- even if that meant Zaidi went free .
Hi all .
I am starting a new article series called Vim Plugins You Should Know About .
As the title suggests , this series is going to be about Vim plugins that you should know about and be using .
The first article in this series will be about one of my favorite plugins called surround.vim .
So what is surround .vim plugin ?
Here is what Tim Pope , the author of this plugin , says :
Surround.vim is all about " surroundings " : parentheses , brackets , quotes , XML tags , and more .
The plugin provides mappings to easily delete , change and add such surroundings in pairs .
That 's what the plugin does .
It allows you to easily delete , change and add various " surroundings " in pairs .
For example , you may quickly wrap a line in an html tag , or you may delete a pair of { } , or you may add quotes around words , etc .
Let 's take a look at a few examples for each surrounding command : delete surrounding , change surrounding , and add surrounding .
In the examples | indicates the position of the cursor .
Examples of deleting surroundings :
Surroundings can be deleted with the " ds " command .
After you type " ds " , the command expects the surrounding target you want to delete .
It may be any of three quote marks , ' , " , and ` , the eight punctuation marks , ( , ) , { , } , [ , ] , < , > , and a special 't ' target for deleting the innermost HTML tag .
Text Command New Text
---------------
------- -----------
' Hello W < strong >|</strong>orld ' ds '
Hello World ( 12 < strong >
|</ strong>3+4*56)/2 ds ( 123+4*56/2 < div> fo<strong >|</ strong>o</div> dst foo ( < strong > |</ strong > is the position of cursor in these examples )
See how easy it was to delete surroundings ?
Just 3 keystrokes .
Compare it with doing it old fashioned way :
Text Command New Text
---------------
------- -----------
' Hello W < strong >|</strong>orld '
F'x , x Hello World ( 12 < strong >
|</ strong>3+4*56)/2 Bxf ) x 123+4*56/2 < div> fo<strong >|</ strong>o</div>
Bdf > wdf > foo ( < strong > | </ strong > is the position of cursor in these examples )
That was really messy , was n't it ?
I hope you start to see now how handy surround .vim is !
Examples of changing surroundings :
Surroundings can be changed with the " cs " command .
The " cs " command , just like " ds " command takes a surrounding target , and it also takes the surrounding replacement .
There are a few more surrounding targets for this command .
They are w for word , W for word + skip punctuation , s for sentence , and p for paragraph .
Text Command New Text
---------------
------- -----------
" Hello < strong > |</ strong>world ! " cs " ' ' Hello world ! '
" Hello < strong > |</ strong>world ! " cs " <q > < q >
Hello world !</q > ( 123+4 < strong >|</strong >56)/2 cs ) ] [ 123+456 ]/2 ( 123+4< strong >|</strong >56)/2 cs ) [ [ 123+456 ]/2 < div>foo<strong >|</ strong></div> cst<p> < p > foo</p> fo<strong >|</ strong >o! csw ' ' foo '!
fo<strong >|</ strong>o! csW ' ' foo ! ' ( < strong > |</ strong > is the position of cursor in these examples )
Examples of adding surroundings :
Surroundings can be added with the same " cs " command , which takes a surrounding target , or with the " ys " command that takes a valid vim motion .
There is a special " yss " command that applies a surrounding to the whole line , and " ySS " that applies the surrounding to the whole line , places the text on a new line and indents it .
Text Command New Text
---------------
------- -----------
Hello w< strong >|</ strong>orld !
ysiw ) Hello ( world ) !
Hello w< strong >|</ strong>orld !
csw ) Hello ( world ) !
fo<strong >|</ strong >o ysiwt < html > < html > foo </html > foo quu<strong >|</ strong >x baz yss " " foo quux baz " foo quu<strong > |</ strong>x baz ySS " " foo quux baz " ( < strong > | </ strong > is the position of cursor in these examples )
You can also add surroundings while in insert mode .
That is supported via < CTRL - s > mapping .
Please be very careful with CTRL-s .
On many terminals it stops the output and your session will appear to be frozen !
If that happens , use CTRL -q to unfreeze it .
You may want to remove CTRL+s mapping from your terminal altogether .
Add " stty stop '' " to your shell startup file (. bashrc for bash , .kshrc for ksh , etc ) .
For example ( while in insert mode ) :
Command New Text
------- ------------ < CTRL-s > " " " < CTRL-s>< CTRL-s>< html > < html > < strong >|</ strong > </html > ( < strong >|</ strong > is the position of cursor in these examples )
I urge you to try these mappings out .
You wo n't become a hockey player by just looking at the game , you have to play it yourself !
For a complete reference , here are all the commands / mappings surround .vim provides :
Normal mode ----------- ds - delete a surrounding cs - change a surrounding ys - add a surrounding yS - add a surrounding and place the surrounded text on a new line + indent it yss - add a surrounding to the whole line ySs - add a surrounding to the whole line , place it on a new line + indent it ySS - same as ySs Visual mode ----------- s - in visual mode , add a surrounding S - in visual mode , add a surrounding but place text on new line + indent it Insert mode ----------- < CTRL-s > - in insert mode , add a surrounding < CTRL-s>< CTRL-s > - in insert mode , add a new line + surrounding + indent < CTRL -g>s - same as < CTRL-s > < CTRL-g>S - same as < CTRL-s>< CTRL-s >
How to install surround.vim ?
1. Download surround.zip .
It will actually be a zip file containing the surround .vim script and documentation .
2. Extract surround.zip to ~/.vim ( on Unix / Linux ) , or ~\vimfiles ( Windows ) .
3. Restart Vim ( or just source surround .vim script with " : so ~/.vim/plugin/surround.vim " on Unix or " : so ~/vimfiles/plugin/surround.vim " on Windows ) .
4. Regenerate helptags with " : helptags ~/.vim/doc " on Unix or " : helptags ~/vimfiles /doc " on Windoze .
Type " : help surround " to read help .
See you next time !
( cross- posted from Calitics )
Yes , he went there at an official Sacramento Yes on 8 rally yesterday .
This is Brad Dacus , an official Prop 8 spokesperson speaking .
He is the President of the Pacific Justice Institute , a religious - right lawyers 501c3 organization .
Here is the transcript :
" There was another time in history when people , when the bell tolled .
And the question was whether or not they were going to hear it .
The time was during Nazi Germany with Adolf Hitler .
You see he brought crowds of clergy together to assure them that he was going to look after the church .
And one of the members , bold and courageous , Reverend Niemand ( sp ? ) made his way to the front and ( inaudible ) said " Hitler , we are not concerned about the church .
Jesus Christ will take care of the church .
We are concerned about the soul of Germany . "
Embarrassed and chagrined , his peers quickly shuffled him to the back .
And as they did Adolf Hitler said , " The soul of Germany , you can leave that to me . "
And they did , and because they did bombs did not only fall upon the nation of Germany , but also upon the church and their testimony to this very day .
Let us not make that mistake folks .
Let us hear the bell !
Vote on Proposition 8 ! "
Dacus is the guy who was the chief architect of the movement to get an opt - out law for parents to take their child out of any school activity that violates their religious or moral beliefs .
Like say , if a charter school asks the parents if they want to take their kids on a field trip to celebrate their teacher getting married .
You know , the one they are conveniently forgetting about and then lying in their ads about education and teh children .
Heck , you can even find instructions on how to get an opt - out form on his organization 's website .
This is the guy who is comparing me to Hitler in an attempt to take away my rights .
The best way you can answer back to Dacus is to get out this weekend and election day and volunteer for the No on 8 campaign .
There is a special netroots volunteer sign - up form .
Fill it out and tell them you came from Crooks and Liars .
LOS ANGELES , California ( CNN ) --
Maybe it was n't John Lennon 's best musical effort , but a tape of an apparently inebriated Lennon warbling a cover of Lloyd Price 's " Just Because " brought a sobering $ 30,000 at auction Sunday in Los Angeles .
John Lennon and his wife Yoko Ono , seen here in 1969 at a Paris Flea Market .
Bonhams and Butterfields auction house spokeswoman Margaret Barrett said Lennon had apparently had one too many when he got behind the mic in the 1973 recording session .
" It was six minutes , 16 seconds , and John singing very drunk and with John ad - libbing his own lyrics into the song -- so it 's actually a fun song to listen to , " Barrett said .
Described in the auction catalogue as " One standard orange - colored cassette tape with audio of Lennon in fall of 1973 singing the Lloyd Price song ' Just Because , ' " the never - before - heard - in - public cassette was given to the former owner personally by Lennon , the auction house said .
That former owner was not identified , nor was Sunday 's buyer -- for whom another Fab Four classic -- " Money " -- now might have new meaning .
All About John Lennon
McCain , Bush agree on torture ban House Armed Services chairman threatens to block deal RELATED SPECIAL REPORT YOUR E-MAIL ALERTS White House Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) John McCain John Warner or or Create Your Own WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
After months of opposition , the White House agreed Thursday to Republican Sen. John McCain 's call to ban torture by U.S. personnel .
Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman John Warner , R- Virginia , and McCain , R - Arizona , met with President Bush to discuss the deal , which Warner said he expects to be finalized by the end of the day .
After the meeting with President Bush , McCain said " this is a done deal . "
But Warner 's Republican counterpart in the House , Armed Services Chairman Duncan Hunter of California , said he will not sign onto the deal and may try to block it .
Hunter said he would not agree to the ban until he gets " assurance from the White House " that the nation 's ability to gather intelligence is not diminished by the agreement .
On Wednesday evening , the House voted 308 - 122 to urge negotiators to include McCain 's torture ban in the final version of a defense spending bill .
" The majority of the House spoke last night , the majority of the Senate has already spoken .
I hope that we can get this resolved within the next 24 hours so the House and Senate can vote and move forward , " McCain said .
" We 've sent a message to the world that the United States is not like the terrorists .
We have no grief for them , but what we are is a nation that upholds values and standards of behavior and treatment of all people , no matter how evil or bad they are , " McCain said .
" I think that this will help us enormously in winning the war for the hearts and minds of people throughout the world in the war on terror . "
Bush said the ban " is to make it clear to the world that this government does not torture and that we adhere to the international convention of torture , whether it be here at home or abroad . "
( Watch President Bush 's and Sen. McCain 's statements -- 4:05 ) Warner called it " landmark legislation " and lauded McCain for " staying the course . "
McCain , a former POW who was tortured by his Vietnamese captors , has been steadfast in the face of administration pressure to modify his proposal .
The White House had threatened a veto unless the legislation contained an exemption for the CIA .
The administration argued the bill would otherwise limit presidential ability to protect Americans from a terrorist attack .
McCain 's initial bill called for banning all U.S. personnel from engaging in " cruel , inhuman and degrading treatment " of detainees .
The only changes to his proposal , McCain said , dealt with people accused of mistreating detainees .
" ( It ) basically says that if a person , a reasonable person , would feel that someone was acting under orders ... then it could be a defense in case of accusation , " McCain said .
" And there is a provision for legal counsel for those who are accused ( of torture ) , both civilian and military . "
Lawmakers are hoping to reach a final agreement before leaving Capitol Hill for the holidays .
( Watch Alberto Gonzales talk about the bill -- 9:22 ) Attorney General Alberto Gonzales told CNN's Wolf Blitzer in an interview Thursday that the administration was reluctant to sign onto the McCain proposal because it feared it might overly restrict the intelligence community 's ability to fight the war on terror .
" We want to ensure that we have the ability to question and gain valuable information from dangerous terrorists that will help us protect America from another attack , " Gonzales said .
" We want to conduct ourselves in a way that 's consistent with our legal obligations and consistent with the basic American values .
We believe that we can do so and still conduct the war in an effective manner . "
International pressure has been building on the Bush administration to drop its opposition to the bill , amid the prisoner abuse scandal and accusations the CIA flew terror suspects to secret prisons in eastern Europe .
Last week , Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said that the U.N. Convention against Torture applied to U.S. personnel , regardless if they were at home or abroad .
( Full story ) CNN's Ed Henry contributed to this report .
Home Page
Get up - to - the minute news from CNN CNN.com gives you the latest stories and video from the around the world , with in - depth coverage of U.S. news , politics , entertainment , health , crime , tech and more .
Home Page
Get up - to - the minute news from CNN CNN.com gives you the latest stories and video from the around the world , with in - depth coverage of U.S. news , politics , entertainment , health , crime , tech and more .
ABC news reports :
Obama Campaign Donates Campaign Office Leftovers to Schools
As Offices Close , Nearby Schools Benefit From Campaign Merchandise
“ Tens of thousands of dollars of resources have been put into schools across the United States in less than four days , ” said Valarie Swanson , marketing director for iloveschools.com .
“ The Obama campaign was specific that they wanted all their resources to go to schools . ”
[…]
Obama ’s Pittsburgh campaign office donated to her school district at least five flatbed trucks of office supplies , including 12 Dell computers , multiple 17 - inch LCD monitors and three printers .
Much of the equipment was brand new , given to the schools unopened in boxes .
The computers ’ files were deleted by the Obama campaign to pass along the machines in data - less condition .
Details like this stress what I was impressed with from the beginning about the Obama campaign .
They are highly competent superbly managed and thorough and they stick to their message .
If the presidency is handled as competently as the campaign was and , indeed , the transition is being handled I have high hopes for the future .
To be fair , the McCain campaign has donated much of it ’s campaign stuff as well .
They have been restricted by rules that come with public financing , however .
: : : : : : : : : :
Headlines We 're Likely to See
Thursday , March 5 , 2009
Man Arrested on I - 64 With 10,000 Tabs of Acid
NEW KENT , Va. ( AP ) --
A man was arrested outside of New Kent , Va. , Thursday after state troopers found more than 10,000 tabs of LSD in his car .
The man was pulled over for speeding and state troopers conducted a search of his car after smelling a strong odor of " marijuana and general hippieness . "
They then discovered the massive quantity of LSD -- worth more than $ 50,000 , officials said -- inside a tie - dye duffle bag .
Each tab of this particular batch of the psychedelic drug featured a small picture of former Vice Presidential candidate Sarah Palin .
The man was en route to Hampton , Va. , where popular jam band Phish is to play its first concerts in nearly five years this coming weekend .
By David Malitz | October 1 , 2008 ; 11:50 AM ET Fakery , Hippies , Ridiculousness
Previous : Put Me In Coach , I'm Ready To Play ... A Rick Ross Song | Next : New Favorite Thing : Eddy Current Suppression Ring - " Which Way to Go "
Posted by : Hemisphire | October 1 , 2008 12:25 PM
Posted by : Adams Morgan | October 1 , 2008 4:09 PM
Posted by : EricS | October 1 , 2008 5:23 PM
Posted by : SSMD | October 1 , 2008 5:26 PM
Posted by : calchris | October 2 , 2008 7:07 AM
Posted by : calchris | October 2 , 2008 7:08 AM
Posted by : Kashola | October 2 , 2008 11:03 AM
Posted by : MN | October 2 , 2008 11:20 AM
Posted by : Prince Caspian | October 2 , 2008 1:27 PM
Posted by : Basher | October 2 , 2008 3:34 PM
Posted by : nick | October 5 , 2008 4:15 PM
The comments to this entry are closed .
IPA for Chinese Children
by John Pasden in language
Teaching children English is important in countries all over the world .
China is no different .
Here are some scans from a little book designed to help teach Chinese children the alphabet :
And once they ’re done with that , why not teach them the international phonetic alphabet ( IPA ) as well ?
Yikes !
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Email
Share
This currency convertor is up to date with exchange rates from September 29 , 2020 .
Enter the amount to be converted in the box to the left of the currency and press the " convert " button .
To show First Zimbabwean Dollars and just one other currency click on any other currency .
The First Zimbabwe Dollar ( ZWD ) is obsolete .
In June 2006 it was replaced by the Second Zimbabwe Dollar ( ZWN ) at a rate of 1000 to 1 .
A third and fourth dollar were later introduced and then the currency was abandoned .
Zimbabwe no longer has its own currency and Zimbabwe dollars of all types are worthless .
Calculator for Second Zimbabwean Dollars ( ZWN ) Currency Exchange Rate Conversion First Zimbabwean Dollar ( ZWD ) and Second Zimbabwean Dollar ( ZWN ) Currency Exchange Rate Conversion Calculator The First Zimbabwean Dollar is the currency in Zimbabwe ( ZW , ZWE ) .
The symbol for ZWD can be written Z$ .
The First Zimbabwean Dollar is divided into 100 cents .
The exchange rate for the First Zimbabwean Dollar was last updated on September 28 , 2020 from The International Monetary Fund .
The ZWD conversion factor has 6 significant digits .
Proving that the intragovernmental bitterness is not fading with the end of Mr. Bush ’s presidency , Jim Manley , a spokesman for Mr. Reid , said Mr. Bush had only himself to blame for Mr. Reid ’s maneuver .
“ The only reason why we got into this situation was because of the complete unwillingness of the president to treat Congress as a co-equal branch of government , ” he said .
Tony Fratto , a spokesman for Mr. Bush , said the president might have been inclined to make outgoing recess appointments were it not for Mr. Reid ’s legislative blockade .
“ Given the fact that the Senate was so intransigent on so many nominations , we certainly would have liked to have used the option of recess appointments , ” Mr. Fratto said .
“ This process is broken , absolutely broken .
The majority leader has taken it to the point of abuse . ”
But there are some areas of cooperation that would preclude the need for recess appointments .
Democratic leaders support the confirmation of Mr. Bush ’s choice as the inspector general overseeing the allocation of money for the economic bailout plan , Neil M. Barofsky , a federal prosecutor from New York .
And a deal is in the works to confirm the four people Mr. Bush reappointed for six - year terms on the board of the Inter - American Foundation , which makes grants to businesses and organizations in Latin America and the Caribbean .
Among them is Roger W. Wallace , a supporter and major fund - raiser for Mr. Bush .
There are also appointments that require no Congressional approval but have terms that run for years .
None of those have created much of a stir , either .
Mr. Bush nominated six people for four - year terms on the Nuclear Waste Technical Review Board , which is charged with scientifically evaluating Department of Energy plans to store nuclear waste at Yucca Mountain in Nevada  a plan Mr. Bush has supported and Mr. Obama has opposed .
But the board ’s members , while appointed by the president , are recommended by the National Academy of Sciences , and their recommendations are not binding .
( If anybody was going to raise a flag on the appointments it would have been Mr. Reid , who represents Nevada and passionately opposes the Yucca plan ; his office said it had no complaints on the matter . )
Arctic ice has been dropping to record lows in the summer months ( Image : Sipa Press / Rex Features )
Though scientists tend to agree that summer ice at the North Pole will eventually disappear , they have n’t settled on a date .
And one group now claims to have evidence that Santa may have to start swimming much sooner than we thought .
US researchers claim to have found evidence that accelerated melting has crossed a “ tipping point ” from which there is no going back .
The amount of summer ice at the North Pole has steadily declined since 1979 , according to satellite images .
Computer models predict that this trend will continue , leaving the Arctic completely ice - free during the summers as early as 2030 .
Advertisement
In 2007 , though , the ice surprised everyone by contracting far more rapidly than the models predicted .
A particularly warm summer left only 4.28 million square kilometres by September – a record 23 % below the previous minimum .
Accelerated ice loss
At the time , researchers including Mark Serreze of National Snow and Ice Data Center in Boulder , Colorado claimed that the Arctic had reached a “ tipping point ” – a dramatic and irreversible slide towards ice - free conditions .
As the summer melting season finished up this year , they waited with bated breath to see how much , if any , ice would survive .
4.67 million square kilometres remained at the end of September .
A positive interpretation says that the Arctic defied the apocalyptic prophecies by recovering slightly , thanks to a pattern of colder and windier weather .
But Serreze is sticking to the idea that we have reached a point of no return .
“ If you look over the past five years , you see an acceleration of ice loss , ” says Serreze .
Though 2008 did not beat the record set by 2007 , it is still the second - lowest amount on record , below the record lows of 2002 and 2005 .
He and his colleagues , speaking at the American Geophysical Union meeting in San Francisco this week , presented new evidence for a mechanism driving this acceleration .
Dramatic changes
During the summer , as ice melts , it is replaced by dark ocean waters that absorb heat .
When the cooler winter weather arrives , the oceans release this warmth , creating a pocket of higher temperatures above the Arctic that slows down the regrowth of sea ice during the winter .
By measuring the air temperature directly over the Arctic after the end of the summer melt , Serreze found a large amount of released heat .
Temperatures in areas losing ice were as much as 5 °C higher over the last four years as compared to the historic average .
The computer models predict this “ Arctic acceleration , ” says Serreze but 20 years into the future .
“ The models are giving us the big picture of what is going on , but it ’s all happening much faster than expected , ” he says .
This change may already be irreversible , as the extra heat creates a runaway thinning of ice that will soon be unable to survive in the summer Sun .
If it disappears entirely during the summers , the ramifications would be global .
“ The Arctic is the heat sink of the Northern hemisphere ; the circulation patterns of the oceans could change dramatically , ” says Serreze .
What ’s more , the effects from this rush of heat seem to already be bleeding out into neighbouring Alaska and Siberia .
Balmy spell ?
Katey Walter of the University of Alaska , Fairbanks , presented data at the AGU suggesting that lakes and permafrost are thawing in these regions .
These changes release methane – a greenhouse gas with 21 times the warming power of carbon dioxide .
Cecelia Bitz of the University of Washington in Seattle , who helped to create one of the more widely accepted climate models , agrees that an ice - free Arctic ocean is inevitable at this point .
She suspects , though , that the rapid sea-ice loss of recent years may simply be a fluke of the weather that will soon return to the longer trend .
“ I ca n’t predict the short - term weather , but I do have a good idea about the long - term climate , ” says Bitz .
Her latest simulations , also presented at the AGU meeting , offer a message of tentative hope for recovery .
At constant greenhouse gas emissions fixed to projected 2020 levels , sea ice retreats slowly , not precipitously .
And when greenhouse gases are removed entirely from the model , sea ice regrows , even in future scenarios in which global warming has stripped the Arctic of ice year - round .
“ A tipping point suggests falling of a cliff , with no way to climb back up – I ca n’t see the evidence for this , ” says Bitz .
CCTV : Louisiana ,
In a seemingly random act of violence , a man took aim at two convenience store clerks on the West Bank , opening fire in broad daylight .
The suspect ’s actions were caught on tape and police say they caught him .
“ You can see suspect walk in the store , he stands in line , waiting just like a regular customer , ” said Westwego Police Chief Dwayne Munch .
But police say what Danny Ray Tollett did next can only be described as cold , calculating and bold .
Holding a .44 caliber handgun behind his back , and wearing a T - shirt that says , " Sick of it all , " says Munch Tollett does the unthinkable .
“ When the customer in front of him finishes paying for everything and steps aside , he says , ‘ This is for you , ’ reaches over and shoots the cashier and calmly walks out , ” Munch said .
“ It seemed like he was on a mission .
The cashier said never seen him before .
He does n’t know him .
He never met the man , so that ’s one of first quests we asked because it was n't a robbery .
It was just walk in , waited in line patiently and shot the cashier , ” he said .
The cashier was able to deflect the aim of the gun so the bullet hit him in his arm instead of his chest .
Witnesses at the gas station got a tag number and Westwego Police tracked down Tollett 's information .
“ We got on the scene , got the information , and then our detectives went to work and started tracking vehicles through different systems that with use with the computer , … pulled up his photo -- he has an arrest record , so we ’re able to pull those things , ” said Munch .
Jefferson Parish deputies spotted his car on the Crescent City Connection and pulled him over on Terry Parkway , wearing the same clothes and carrying the same gun .
Nafea Abdel - Jabber says his co-worker and friend who was shot is in the hospital and doing well tonight , and he is relieved that Tollett has been caught .
“ I called my friend to be careful because , as they told me , he did it yesterday and today , so it ’s gonna happen again , ” he said .
“ When the told me they caught him , that 's beautiful .
” A similar shooting happened yesterday in Terrytown and Munch says Tollett is more than likely the shooter in both , but they 're still investigating .
He says if the shootings are linked , they will investigate it as a possible hate crime because both victims are of Arabic descent .
Steve Hayes has a delicious piece in the new Standard from McCain 's election night in Phoenix to a road trip after to Vegas with a group of campaign aides :
Las Vegas —
As she dealt one losing hand after another at Mandalay Bay's $ 10 blackjack tables early Wednesday evening , Trisha , a chatty dealer from Bloomington , Minnesota , changed the subject from cards to Barack Obama .
" Ohhhh ya , " she said in a sing - songy northern plains accent , " me and my girlfriend are going to go to the Inauguration .
It 's so exciting .
Did you watch that speech ?
Oh my God !
Do you think he just made that all up as he went along ?
Oh my God !
He 's amazing ! "
A businessman from Nashville , in town for a convention , rolled his eyes .
" That 's how Obama won , " he whispered .
The dealer did not hear him .
" It 's just so exciting , " she said , preparing to go on .
" Let 's not talk about it , " said Michael Goldfarb , taking a long sip from his Johnnie Walker Black on the rocks .
Another guy at the table agreed .
" It 's blackjack . "
Until 18 hours earlier , Goldfarb had talked about little besides Barack Obama for a year .
The brash Princeton graduate , a once and future colleague at THE WEEKLY STANDARD , had served as the deputy communications director for McCain 's campaign .
In that capacity he had been responsible for much of the aggressive response to reporters McCain staffers regarded as " in the tank " for Obama .
He did n't make many friends in the media .
He does n't care .
Goldfarb made the five - hour post-election road trip to Vegas from Phoenix with two other youthful campaign veterans , Brian Rogers , who directed the campaign 's rapid response , and Joe Pounder , who , as one of his colleagues put it , " actually did all of the work . "
They were hoping to leave the campaign behind .
They could n't .
Trisha turned over one hand after another of spirit - crushing cards .
" Pounder 's taking some losses , " said Rogers .
" Like Virginia or Nevada ? " Goldfarb wondered .
I explained to Trisha that Goldfarb , Rogers , and Pounder had worked for McCain and had driven up from the McCain concession speech in Phoenix .
She apologized for their continued bad luck , and someone asked if she thought she might be able to turn it around .
She paused before answering .
" Yes , we can . "
comments closed
permalink
This bus stop allows skaters to go on a mini ramp attached to a bus stop , it ’s a Quiksilver ad
Swing on a Bus Stop in London , part of Bruno Taylor ‘s “ Playful Spaces ” art project
Air - conditioned bus stop , presumably near Burj Al Arab hotel in Dubai
The Simpsons Bus stop in Germany , advertising for the movie
This Star Wars “ faux light saber ” bus stop ad lights up at night .
The caption says “ Use Only In Case of Sith ” ( image : Rolando Pujol )
Soviet era bus stop ( image : Christopher Herwig )
This living room bus stop was created by Ikea as marketing for the Design Week 2006
Australia Post Bus Stop Advertisement
3 M was so sure their Security Glass was unbreakable , they put a large stack of cash behind it and shoved it in a bus stop .
RUSSIA'S parliament will rush through a constitutional amendment that could see Vladimir Putin return to the presidency within weeks .
Amid growing signs of panic in the Kremlin , the State Duma said it would meet today to pass legislation that could allow Mr Putin to return to the top job for 12 years .
Giving short shrift to Russia 's 1993 constitution , all three readings of the bill will be compressed into a single sitting , rather than dragged out over weeks or months as convention dictates .
The proposal to extend the time a president can serve from two consecutive terms of four years to two consecutive terms of six was made by Dmitry Medvedev , the Russian leader , just last week .
Existing constitutional restrictions forced Mr Putin to stand down in May after completing two consecutive four - year terms .
He did not go far , however , changing jobs to become Prime Minister .
Let ’s talk about notifications !
As Ryan Lortie mentioned , there was a lot of discussion across the Ubuntu , Kubuntu , GNOME , KDE and Mozilla communities represented at UDS about the proposals Canonical ’s user experience design and desktop experience engineering teams have made for Ubuntu 9.04 .
See the mockup as a Flash movie .
There are some fairly bold ( read : controversial ) ideas that we ’d like to explore with , so the opportunity to discuss them with a broader cross-section of the community was fantastic .
There were several rough edges and traps that I think we ’ll avoid in the first round as a result , thanks to everyone who participated .
Some of the things we work on in these teams are done directly with partners for their devices , so they do n’t see this level of discussion before they ship , but it ’s wonderful when we do get the opportunity to do so .
Some of these ideas are unproven , they boil down to matters of opinion , but since our commitment to them is based on a desire to learn more I think of them as constructive experiments .
Experiments are just that – experiments .
They may succeed and they may fail .
We should judge them carefully , after we have data .
We are putting new ideas into the free desktop without ego .
We know those ideas could be better or worse than similar work being done in other communities , and we want to gather real user feedback to help find the best mix for everyone .
The best ideas , and the best code , will ultimately form part of the digital free software commons and be shared by GNOME , KDE and every distribution .
So , for those folks who were upset that we might ship something other than a GNOME or KDE default , I would ask for your patience and support – we want to contribute new ideas and new code , and that means having some delta which can be used as a basis for discussions about the future direction of upstream .
In the past , we ’ve had a few such delta ’s in Ubuntu .
Some , like the current panel layout , were widely embraced .
Others , like the infamous “ Ubuntu spacial mode ” , were not .
C’est la vie , and we all benefit from the evolution .
Experiments are also not something we should do lightly .
The Ubuntu desktop is something I take very personally ; I feel personally responsible for the productivity and happiness of every Ubuntu user , so when we bring new ideas and code to the desktop I believe we should do everything we can to make sure of success first time round .
We should not inflict bad ideas on our users just because we ’re curious or arrogant or stubborn or proud .
Despite being occasionally curious , arrogant , stubborn and proud 🙂
So , what are we proposing ?
First , we are focusing some attention on desktop notifications in this cycle , as part of a broader interest in the “ space between applications ” .
I think Canonical and Ubuntu can best help the cause of free software by focusing on the cracks between the major components of the desktop .
In other words , while there are already great upstreams for individual applications in the free software desktop ( Novell for Evolution , Sun for OpenOffice , Mozilla for Firefox , Red Hat for NetworkManager ) , we think there is a lot of productive and useful work to be done in the gaps between them .
Notifications are things that many apps do , and if we can contribute new ideas there then we are helping improve the user experience of all of those applications .
That ’s a nice force multiplier – we ’re hopefully doing work that makes the work of every other community even more valuable .
Nevertheless , expect bumps ahead .
Ideas we are exploring may / will / do conflict with assumptions that are present today in various applications .
We can address the relevant code in packages in main , but I ’m more focused on addressing the potential social disruption that conflict can create , and that ’s more a matter of conversation than code .
Notifications are interesting , subtle and complex .
There are lots of different approaches on lots of different platforms .
There are lots of different use cases .
We ’re trying to simplify and eliminate complexity , while still making it possible to meet the use cases we know about .
There has been good work in the freedesktop.org community on notifications , and even a spec that is * almost * at 1.0 in that community , with existing open source implementations .
Our proposal is based on that specification , but it deprecates several capabilities and features in it .
We will likely be compatible with the current API ’s for sending notifications , but likely will not display all the notifications that might be sent , if they require features that we deprecate .
If this experiment goes well , we would hope to help move that FD.o specification to 1.0 , with or without our amendments .
The key proposals we are making are that :
There should be no actions on notifications .
.
Notifications should not be displayed synchronously , but may be queued .
Our implementation of the notification display daemon will display only one notification at a time , others may do it differently .
That ’s pretty much it .
There are some subtleties and variations , but these are the key changes we are proposing , and which we will explore in a netbook device with a partner , as well as in the general Ubuntu 9.04 release , schedule gods being willing .
This work will show up as a new notification display agent , not as a fork or patch to the existing GNOME notification daemon .
We do n’t think the client API – libnotify – needs to be changed for this experiment , though we may not display notifications sent through that API that use capabilities we are suggesting be deprecated .
We will try to ensure that packages in main are appropriately tuned , and hope MOTU will identify and update key packages in universe accordingly .
Why a completely new notification display agent ?
We are designing it to be built with Qt on KDE , and Gtk on GNOME .
The idea is to have as much code in common as we can , but still take advantage of the appropriate text display framework on Ubuntu and Kubuntu .
We hope to deliver both simultaneously , and have discussed this with both Ubuntu and Kubuntu community members .
At the moment , there is some disagreement about the status of the FD.o specification between GNOME and KDE , and we hope our efforts will help build a bridge there .
In Ubuntu 9.04 , we would likely continue to package and publish the existing notification daemon in addition , to offer both options for users that have a particular preference .
In general , where we invest in experimental new work , we plan to continue to offer a standard GNOME or KDE component / package set in the archive so that people can enjoy that experience too .
The most controversial part of the proposal is the idea that notifications should not have actions associated with them .
In other words , no buttons , sliders , links , or even a dismissal [ x ] .
When a notification pops up , you wo n’t be able to click on it , you wo n’t be able to make it go away , you wo n’t be able to follow it to another window , or to a web page .
Are you loving this freedom ?
Hmmm ?
Madness , on the face of it , but there is method in this madness .
Our hypothesis is that the existence of ANY action creates a weighty obligation to act , or to THINK ABOUT ACTING .
That make notifications turn from play into work .
That makes them heavy responsibilities .
That makes them an interruption , not a notification .
And interruptions are a bag of hurt when you have things to do .
So , we have a three - prong line of attack .
We want to make notifications truly ephemeral .
They are there , and then they are gone , and that ’s life .
If you are at your desktop when a notification comes by , you will sense it , and if you want you can LOOK at it , and it will be beautiful and clear and easy to parse .
If you want to ignore it , you can safely do that and it will always go away without you having to dismiss it .
If you miss it , that ’s OK .
Notifications are only for things which you can safely ignore or miss out on .
If you went out for coffee and a notification flew by , you are no worse off .
They do n’t pile up like email , there is no journal of the ones you missed , you ca n’t scroll back and see them again , and therefor you are under no obligation to do so – they ca n’t become work while you are already busy with something else .
They are gone like a mystery girl on the bus you did n’t get on , and they enrich your life in exactly the same way !
We think there should be persistent panel indicators for things which you really need to know about , even if you missed the notification because you urgently wanted that coffee .
So we are making a list of those things , and plan to implement them .
Everything else should be dealt with by having a window call for attention , while staying in the background , unless it ’s critical in which case that window could come to the foreground .
Since this is clearly the work of several releases , we may have glitches and inconsistencies along the way at interim checkpoints .
I hope not , but it ’s not unlikely , especially in the first iteration .
Also , these ideas may turn out to be poor , and we should be ready to adjust our course based on feedback once we have an implementation in the wild .
We had a superb UXD and DEE ( user experience design team , and desktop experience engineering team ) sprint in San Francisco the week before UDS .
Thanks to everyone who took part , especially those who came in from other teams .
This notifications work may just be the tip of the iceberg , but it ’s a very cool tip 🙂
One or more of our early - access OEM partners ( companies that we work with on new desktop features ) will likely ship this feature as part of a netbook product during the 9.04 cycle .
At that point , we would also drop the code into a PPA for testing with a wider set of applications .
There are active discussions about updating the freedesktop.org specification based on this work .
I think we should be cautious , and gather real user testing feedback and hard data , but if it goes well then we would propose simplifying the spec accordingly , and submit our notification display agent to FreeDesktop.org .
Long term collaboration around the code would take place on Launchpad .
This entry was posted on Monday , December 22nd , 2008 at 11:06 am and is filed under free software , ubuntu .
You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed .
Both comments and pings are currently closed .
Dodge EV Outpaces Challenger Muscle Car in 1/4 Mile
httpv://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9L9Git7GvcI
Ever wondered what would happen if a major manufacturer put one of their fastest muscle cars up against a similarly tricked out electric car ?
Well , Dodge did just that , pitting their Challenger against the Dodge EV in the run up to the LA Auto Show .
You can watch the video for yourself , but in my opinion there is no competition .
In both runs the EV clearly wins against the 6.1 liter V8 - powered Challenger .
Though both are high - performance sports cars , the big difference here is that while the EV only puts out 268 hp compared to the Challenger ’s 425 hp , it can put 480 ft-lbs of torque to the ground from a standstill , easily allowing it to outpace the Challenger with it ’s peak 420 ft-lbs at 4800 rpm .
Now here ’s the important question : which one would you drive ?
If you liked this post , sign up for out RSS Feed for automatic updates .
Popularity : 2 % [ ? ]
Biologists call this gene imprinting an epigenetic , or “ on - genetic , ” effect , meaning that it changes the behavior of the gene without altering its chemical composition .
It is not a matter of turning a gene on or off , which cells do in the course of normal development .
Instead it is a matter of muffling a gene , for instance , with a chemical marker that makes it hard for the cell to read the genetic code ; or altering the shape of the DNA molecule , or what happens to the proteins it produces .
To illustrate how such genetic reshaping can give rise to behavioral opposites  the yin and yang that their theory proposes 
Dr. Crespi and Dr. Badcock point to a remarkable group of children who are just that : opposites , as different temperamentally as Snoopy and Charlie Brown , as a lively Gaugin and a brooding Goya .
Those with the genetic disorder called Angelman syndrome typically have a jerky gait , appear unusually happy and have difficulty communicating .
Those born with a genetic problem known as Prader - Willi syndrome often are placid , compliant and as youngsters low maintenance .
Yet these two disorders , which turn up in about one of 10,000 newborns , stem from disruptions of the same genetic region on chromosome 15 .
If the father ’s genes dominate in this location , the child develops Angelman syndrome ; if the mother ’s do , the result is Prader - Willi syndrome , as Dr. Haig and others have noted .
The former is associated with autism , and the latter with mood problems and psychosis later on  just as the new theory predicts .
Emotional problems like depression , anxiety and bipolar disorder , seen through this lens , appear on Mom ’s side of the teeter - totter , with schizophrenia , while Asperger ’s syndrome and other social deficits are on Dad’s .
It was Dr. Badcock who noticed that some problems associated with autism , like a failure to meet another ’s gaze , are direct contrasts to those found in people with schizophrenia , who often believe they are being watched .
Where children with autism appear blind to others ’ thinking and intentions , people with schizophrenia see intention and meaning everywhere , in their delusions .
The idea expands on the “ extreme male brain ” theory of autism proposed by Dr. Simon Baron - Cohen of Cambridge .
“ Think of the grandiosity in schizophrenia , how some people think that they are Jesus , or Napoleon , or omnipotent , ” Dr. Crespi said , “ and then contrast this with the underdeveloped sense of self in autism .
Autistic kids often talk about themselves in the third person . ”
Such observations and biological evidence are hardly enough to overturn current thinking about disorders as distinct as autism and schizophrenia , experts agree .
“ I think his work is often brilliant , ” Dr. Stephen Scherer , of the University of Toronto and the Hospital for Sick Children , said by e-mail message of Dr. Crespi .
At the same time , Dr. Scherer added , “ For autism there will not be one unifying theory but perhaps for a proportion of families there are underlying common variants ” of genes that together cause the disorder .
With little coverage in the US press , outgoing lame - duck - in - chief Bush has just basically surrendered in Iraq , and the only question is whether the thing that can be seen waving is a white flag or Bush ’s tail between his legs .
You would think that with all the noise during the presidential campaign about the need for “ victory ” in Iraq , that someone would notice .
But no .
The Bush administration has negotiated an agreement with the government of Iraq that sets a firm timetable for the US withdrawal from Iraq — something that Bush repeatedly and vigorously vowed that he would never do , claiming that such an timetable would endanger the US and its troops .
According to Peter Galbraith , a top Iran expert and former ambassador to Croatia :
The agreement represents a stunning and humiliating reversal of course by the Bush administration , which had vehemently opposed any timetable for withdrawal from Iraq .
The agreement mandates that US combat forces withdraw from urban areas by the end of this coming June ( a scarce seven months from now ) , and withdraw completely from Iraq by the end of December 2011 .
The agreement bars permanent American bases in Iraq , leaves a government in charge of Iraq that is decidedly pro-Iranian , something else about which Bush warned about repeatedly .
And finally , nobody noticed that Bush did n’t bother to visit the troops in Iraq for the Thanksgiving and serve them turkey .
guest Guest
Posts : n/
a
The challenge
Every day I 'll send a pinpoint message to the Obama transition web site until the day he is president .
Every day I 'll find one more person that will take this pledge .
This is the site :
https://change.gov/page/s/ofthepeople
in the blank " another issue " put in :
marijuana legal reform
This is the comment to enter :
Order rescheduling hearings for marijuana on day one .
Check no other issue .
If you wish to vote on another issue , go to the site a second time .
This will send one single clear message .
One people , one voice .
End it now !
Make this pledge :
Every day I 'll send a pinpoint message to the Obama transition web site until the day he is president .
Every day I 'll find one more person that will take this pledge .
This is the site : in the blank " another issue " put in : marijuana legal reformThis is the comment to enter :
Order rescheduling hearings for marijuana on day one .
Check no other issue .
If you wish to vote on another issue , go to the site a second time .
This will send one single clear message .
One people , one voice .
End it now !
Last edited by peanutbutter ; 11-16-2008 at 03:34 AM
..
McCain Unveils New Presidential Campaign Web Page
April 30 , 1999 ( WASHINGTON , DC ) -- Republican presidential candidate U.S. Senator John McCain today unveiled his Presidential campaign web page .
The site is located at www.mccain2000.com.
" I 'm excited my campaign is making use of the cutting edge in communications technology , " said McCain , who yesterday also participated in the first online chat of his campaign .
" My web site offers the latest features to help supporters , committed or potential , as well as reporters , students and the just plain curious . "
" The Internet provides us with a new and exciting opportunity to communicate directly with voters , " said McCain .
" Each of us can now become better informed and more closely involved with candidates and their positions on the issues .
Using sites like mine , citizens young and old can find the information they need to make more educated choices about their leaders . "
McCain 's site offers biographical video of the Senator 's stirring life story , as well as clear statements of his stands on the important issues of the day .
Major speeches as well as the Senator 's campaign schedule and press releases are also available at the site .
Supporters will also able to volunteer their time , donate money and request campaign paraphernalia .
McCain , Chairman of the Senate Commerce , Science and Transportation Committee , has been a national leader on communications technology policy and last year he spearheaded the successful Internet tax moratorium .
He currently is sponsoring legislation to address the Y2 K bug .
Following is the text of Republican presidential candidate U.S. Senator John McCain 's announcement speech .
September 27 , 1999 I have the privilege of beginning my campaign with you here in New Hampshire , but I began this day as I began my career of service to our nation ... in the company of United States Naval Academy midshipmen .
Whenever I see those young men and women , and think of their dedication and the purposeful careers on which they will soon embark , I am reminded of how lucky I was to have been one of them .
So there is no more appropriate place
for me to have begun this mission than Annapolis .
I do not announce my candidacy to satisfy my personal ambitions .
My life has already been blessed more than I deserve .
I do n't begin this mission with any sense of entitlement .
America does n't owe me anything .
I am the son and grandson of Navy admirals , and I was born into America 's service .
It was n't until I was deprived of her company that I fell in love with America .
And it has been my honor to serve her and her great cause - freedom .
I have never lived a day since that I was n't thankful for the privilege .
It is because I owe America more than she has ever owed me that I am a candidate for President of the United States .
I run for President because I want to return our government back to whom it belongs — the people .
So that Americans can believe once again that public service is a summons to duty and not a lifetime of privilege .
I run because I believe deeply in the greatness of America 's destiny and in the goodness of our cause .
We are a lantern of freedom and opportunity to the world , the bright beacon of hope that our fathers died to bequeath us ,
and our children will be asked to defend .
Unless we restore the people 's sovereignty over government , renew their pride in public service , reform our public institutions to meet the demands of a new day , and reinvigorate our sense of national purpose we will deny
our destiny , we will abandon the cause our founding fathers called glorious .
The first responsibility of the next president will be keep our country safe so that we might secure for ourselves and humanity a future worthy of our highest aspirations .
That obligation requires a commander - in - chief who has the experience to understand and lead a volatile and changing world .
Although the next century will hold many dangers for America and our cause , it will , more than ever , be an age of untold possibilities for good .
It is our destiny to seize this opportunity to build a safer , freer and more
prosperous nation and a world free of the tyranny that has made the passing century such a violent age .
This is a great and worthy cause that beckons us all .
It is bigger than any one of us .
It is larger than personal ambition .
It is more important than self - seeking .
At a young age I discovered how liberating it is to sacrifice with others for a cause greater than self - interest .
I run for President because I want the next generation of Americans to know the sense of pride and purpose of serving a cause greater than themselves .
I entered politics with the same expectations I had when I was commissioned an ensign in the Navy .
First among them was my belief that serving my country is an honor , indeed , the most honorable life an American can lead .
As a candidate , I will campaign with respect for the dignity of the office I seek and the people I seek to serve .
On my honor , I swear to you that from my first day in office to the last breath I draw , I will do everything
in my power to make you proud of your government .
Something has gone terribly wrong when parents no longer want their children to grow up to be President .
That shames me , that shames me .
And I want to do something about it .
When our government has been taken from us by the special interests , the big - dollar donors , pride is lost to shame .
When our politics are corrupted by money and lies , trust is lost to cynicism .
We have a choice .
We can continue to watch as the American people grow ever more alienated from the practice and institutions of democracy .
We can continue to tolerate a government that has become little more than a spectacle of selfish ambition , a government auctioned to the highest bidder .
Or , we can take a stand .
We can stand together to take up our country 's cause .
We can fight together to reclaim our government from those who corrupt it ; to rescue our political system from those who debase it ; to defend the proposition that democracy is
not only the most effective form of government , but the only moral government .
This is our New Patriotic Challenge .
It is a challenge to each of us to join in the fight against the pervasive cynicism that is debilitating our democracy , that cheapens our public debates , that threatens our public institutions , our culture and , ultimately , our private happiness .
It is a
fight to take our government back from the power - brokers and special interests , and return it to the people , and the noble cause of freedom it was created to serve .
If we are to meet the challenges of our time , we must take the corrupting influence of special interest money out of politics .
Restoring honesty to our political system is the gateway through which all other policy reforms must pass .
To make our schools better , we must reduce the influence of the teachers unions and their lobbyists .
To improve our health care system , we must rein in the power of trial lawyers and the influence of insurance companies .
To relieve the tax burden imposed on working families we must eliminate the special interest loopholes and pork barrel spending that are the result of a campaign financing system that is nothing more than a sophisticated
influence peddling scheme .
And once we win our government back , there is no limit to what we can accomplish .
If elected President , I will not allow your Social Security money to be used for any purpose except Social Security -- no ifs , ands , or excuses .
Social Security money will be taken completely off budget - every single dollar .
So politicians can't get their hands on your retirement money to finance another big government scheme .
I will keep the promise that Bill Clinton broke .
I 'll reserve more than sixty percent of the surplus to save Social Security .
And I 'll do it in the first year of my presidency .
It wo n't be easy , but being President is n't
supposed to be easy .
My commitment to save Social Security will not prevent me from providing vital tax relief to the millions of Americans who have been overcharged by government for years .
I will cut taxes , not for the special interests and
the big - dollar donors , but for the working men and women of this country .
I will repeal the indefensible tax penalty that punishes couples who want to get married .
I will slash the inheritance tax that penalizes those who wish to leave the fruits of their labor to their children .
I will end the earnings test penalty for seniors that taxes their income twice and denies them the self - respect that comes from working .
And I will dramatically increase the number of Americans who qualify for the lowest tax rate of fifteen percent by raising the eligible income to $ 70,000 per couple .
I 'll pay for middle class tax relief by using the surplus funds not needed to save Social Security , and with the money saved by eliminating tax loopholes and corporate welfare that serve powerful special interests at
your expense .
Day after day , I have fought to stop Congress from treating your money like lottery winnings .
I want you to know , what every member of Congress knows , that if I am President , I will refuse to sign any pork barrel bill that crosses my desk .
And if Congress overrides my veto and tries to force me to waste your money , I 'll make sure you know who they are - every single one of them .
Fixing a broken political system is the key to necessary reform in almost every area where the government touches your life .
But nowhere are the stakes greater than in the education of our children .
First and most importantly let 's return control of education back to parents and teachers .
We can do this by sending ninety percent of all federal education dollars back to community classrooms rather than wasting it on
Washington bureaucrats .
Let 's put your child 's education back in the hands of someone who knows your child 's name .
It 's time that we encourage and reward excellence , for students and teachers alike .
There 's no reason on earth that a good teacher should be paid less than a bad Senator .
But all pay should be based on merit , and teachers should be periodically tested for competence .
Parents demand it ; now they will finally
have the control to require it .
Every child in every classroom deserves a teacher who is qualified and enthusiastic about teaching .
Some people just are n't meant to be teachers , and we should help them find another line of work .
Because if teachers can't teach , our kids can't learn .
Our children deserve the best education we can provide to them , whether that learning takes place in a public , private or parochial school .
It 's time to give middle and lower income parents the same right wealthier families
have -- to send their child to the school that best meets their needs .
It 's time to conduct a nationwide test of school vouchers .
It 's time to democratize education .
I have fought to make sure that every American child has access to the technological wonders that are remaking our world .
Some day very soon every school in America will be wired to the Internet .
Children on the Navajo reservation in Northern Arizona and children from the wealthiest
neighborhoods will have access to the same information .
The blessings of technology give us the means to breach the walls of ignorance and isolation .
At the dawn of a new American century we face the prospect of reaching the full promise of our founding ideal that all men are created equal by giving all Americans access to information and knowledge , and an equal opportunity not only to pursue , but to attain happiness .
Education is the great equalizer and used wisely , the information revolution will hasten the end of a two - tiered society of haves and have nots , and advance human freedom into the even the darkest corners of tyranny .
Our ideals have made much progress in the world .
But if they are to advance further we will need the service of all our children , not just the sons and daughters of a privileged elite .
We need capable , committed leaders from
every part of American society to continue the American experiment and promote the American cause in a still dangerous world .
There is no safe alternative to American leadership .
The history of this violent century has surely taught us that .
We cannot hide behind empty threats , false promises , meaningless rhetoric , and photo op diplomacy .
We must confidently defend our interests and values wherever they are threatened .
And the first priority of our world leadership is to protect our own security .
As President , I wo n't ask how much security we can afford .
I 'll ask how much security do we need , and I will find the resources to pay for it .
But I wo n't tolerate one dime of our defense budget being wasted to re-elect shortsighted politicians who put their own ambitions before the national
interest .
I believe that President Clinton has failed his first responsibility to the nation by weakening our defenses .
But he 's not the only one to blame .
Both parties in Congress have wasted scarce defense dollars on unneeded weapons
systems and other pork projects while 12,000 enlisted personnel , proud young men and women , subsist on food stamps .
And we shortchange those priorities most vital to our security , including training , missile defense , weapons modernization , and counter - terrorism .
My friends , our nation has a unique place in the world .
We are the greatest force for good on earth .
We chart history 's course .
Yes , we must be involved in the destiny of other nations .
But that does not mean we have
relinquished our sovereignty .
It means we have persuaded much of the world to share our ideals .
And that 's not a cause for concern .
It 's a cause for hope .
We Americans are a strong confident people .
We know that in open competition our ideals , our ingenuity , and our courage ensure our success .
Isolationism and protectionism are a fool 's errand .
We should build no walls in a futile attempt to keep the world at bay .
Walls are for cowards , not for us .
We are the world 's only superpower .
We must accept the responsibilities along with the blessings that come with that distinction .
And if America is to lead , then America 's leader must be prepared for that challenge .
The most
solemn responsibility given the President is the role of Commander - in - Chief .
When it comes time to make the decision to send our young men and women into harm 's way , that decision should be made by a leader who knows that such decisions have profound consequences .
There comes a time when our nation's
leader can no longer rely on briefing books and talking points , when the experts and the advisors have all weighed in , when the sum total of one 's life becomes the foundation from which he or she makes the decisions that determine the future of our democracy .
When a President makes life - and - death decisions he should draw strength and wisdom from broad and deep experience with the reasons for and the risks of committing our children to our defense .
For no matter how many others are
involved in the decision , the President is a lonely man in a dark room when the casualty reports come in .
I am not afraid of the burden .
I know both the blessing and the price of freedom .
I am not afraid .
I have faith in my country and the good men and women of every American generation who know the honor of defending our cause .
I am not afraid .
I learned long ago how powerful America is when she has the courage of her convictions .
I am not afraid .
My life has taught me that the strength and courage of others will always help sustain me in an hour of need .
I am not afraid , because I know that , as we prepare to take on the challenges of the next century , enough Americans will serve together a glorious cause greater than our narrow self - interests .
There are have always been those who question the moral imperative of American government and diplomacy .
They are profoundly wrong .
We embrace the virtues of inclusion in our party and in politics but we hold firm to our core national values .
We are all part of a great experiment : that people who are free to act in their own interests will perceive their interests in an enlightened way , and will gratefully accept the obligation of freedom to make of our wealth and power a civilization for the ages , a civilization in which all people share in the promise of freedom .
I have passed from a young man to an old one in the service of my country .
When my time is over , I want only the satisfaction of knowing I was true to the faith of our fathers ; true to the faith of a young Czech student who ten
years ago stood before a million of his countrymen , while a hundred thousand Soviet troops occupied his country , and read a manifesto that declared a new day for the people of Czechoslovakia .
But he began that new day with borrowed words , when , trembling with emotion , he proclaimed :
" We hold these truths to be self - evident : that all men are created equal , that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights , that among these are life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness . "
I want to be President to protect , until my life 's end , our magnificent dream of freedom - God 's great blessing to the world .
And with your help I will .
Thank you .
Following is the text of U.S. Senator John McCain 's campaign suspension March 9 , 2000
We knew when we began this campaign that ours was a difficult challenge .
Last Tuesday , that challenge became considerably more difficult as a majority of Republican voters made clear that their preference for President is Governor Bush .
I respect their decision and I am truly grateful for the distinct privilege of even being considered for the highest office in this , the greatest nation in the history of mankind .
Therefore , I announce today , on this fine Arizona morning , and in this beautiful place , that I am no longer an active candidate for my party 's nomination for President .
I congratulate Governor Bush and wish him and him family well .
He very well may become the next President of the United States .
That is an honor accorded to very few , and it is such a great responsibility that he deserves the best wishes of every American .
He certainly has mine .
I am suspending my campaign so that Cindy and I can take some time to reflect on our recent experiences , and determine how we can best continue to serve the country , and help bring about the changes to the practices and institutions of our great democracy that are the purpose of our campaign .
For we believe these changes are essential to ensuring the continued success of the American experiment , and keeping America in this new century as bright a beacon of hope for mankind as it was in the last .
I hoped our campaign would be a force for change in the Republican Party , and I believe we have indeed set a course that will ultimately prevail in making our party as big as the country we serve .
Millions of Americans have rallied to our banner , and their support not just honors me , but has ignited the cause of reform , a cause far greater and more important than the ambitions of any single candidate .
I love my party , it is my home .
Ours is the party of Lincoln , Roosevelt and Reagan .
That is good company for any American to keep .
And it is a distinct privilege to serve the same cause that those great Americans dedicated their lives to .
But I am also dedicated to the necessary cause of reform , and I will never walk away from a fight for what I know is right and just for our country .
As I said throughout the campaign , what is good for my country , is good for my party .
Should our party ever abandon this principle , the American people will rightly abandon us , and we will surely slip into the mists of history , deserving the allegiance of none .
So , I will take our crusade back to the United States Senate , and I will keep fighting to give the government back to the people ; to keep our promises to young and old alike by paying our debts , saving Social Security and Medicare , and reforming a tax code that benefits the powerful few at the expense of the many .
And with your help , my fellow Americans , we will keep trying to force open doors where there are walls to your full participation in the great enterprises of our democracy ; be they walls of cynicism , or intolerance , or walls raised by a self - interested elite who would exclude your voice from their highest councils of our government .
I want to take a final moment to speak to all those who joined our party to support our campaign , many of whom voted in this election for the first time .
Thank you .
Thank you from the bottom of my heart .
Your support means more to me than I can ever say .
But I ask from you one last promise .
Promise me that you will never give up , that you will continue your service in the worthy cause of revitalizing our democracy .
Our crusade will never accomplish all its goals if your voices fall silent in our national debate .
You are and always will be the best thing about this campaign , and the best hope for our country 's future success .
Stay in this fight with us , we need your service as much as ever .
Millions of Americans over the years have by their example showed us that America and her causes are worth dying for .
Surely she is worth living for .
That is what I ask all of Americans who found in our campaign an expression for their patriotism .
I am so proud of you , and so grateful for your company .
I have been in my country 's service since I was seventeen years old .
I neither know nor want any other life , for I can find no greater honor than service .
You served your country in this campaign by fighting for the causes that will sustain America 's greatness .
Keep fighting , my friends , keep fighting .
America needs you .
Thank you , my friends , thank you so much for helping me remember what it means to be a public servant in this , the most blessed , and most important nation on earth .
It has been the greatest privilege of my life .
After he ’d been stung by almost everything , entomologist Justin O. Schmidt created the Schmidt Sting Pain Index , a four - point scale comparing the overall pain of insect stings :
1.0 – Sweat bee : “ Light , ephemeral , almost fruity .
A tiny spark has singed a single hair on your arm . ”
1.2 – Fire ant : “ Sharp , sudden , mildly alarming .
Like walking across a shag carpet and reaching for the light switch . ”
1.8 – Bullhorn acacia ant : “ A rare , piercing , elevated sort of pain .
Someone has fired a staple into your cheek . ”
2.0 – Bald - faced hornet : “ Rich , hearty , slightly crunchy .
Similar to getting your hand mashed in a revolving door . ”
2.0 – Yellowjacket : “ Hot and smoky , almost irreverent .
Imagine W.C. Fields extinguishing a cigar on your tongue . ”
3.0 – Red harvester ant : “ Bold and unrelenting .
Somebody is using a drill to excavate your ingrown toenail . ”
3.0 – Paper wasp : “ Caustic and burning .
Distinctly bitter aftertaste .
Like spilling a beaker of hydrochloric acid on a paper cut . ”
4.0 – Pepsis wasp : “ Blinding , fierce , shockingly electric .
A running hair drier has been dropped into your bubble bath ( if you get stung by one you might as well lie down and scream ) . ”
4.0 + – Bullet ant : “ Pure , intense , brilliant pain .
Like walking over flaming charcoal with a 3 - inch nail in your heel . ”
Lawmakers Demand to See Bailout Chief Neel Kashkari will testify before Congress on Friday .
November 11 , 2008  --
The Treasury Department 's top bailout official will testify before Congress Friday , after two congressmen wrote to demand he appear .
The department rejected an earlier request by Reps. Dennis Kucinich , D - Ohio , and Darrell Issa , R - Calif. , for Neel Kashkari , Interim Assistant Secretary for the Treasury for Financial Stability , to appear at a hearing slated for Friday , the two lawmakers said .
Kucinich and Issa are the chairman and ranking member of the Domestic Policy Subcommittee of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee , respectively .
Kashkari's appearance is " imperative , " the two told Treasury Secretary Henry M. Paulson , Jr. , in a letter dated Tuesday .
" There are serious questions , " the duo said , whether the $ 700 billion Troubled Assets Relief Program could actually stabilize the economy , as Congress and the Bush administration intended .
Kashkari testified before a Senate panel late last month .
But his testimony – and subsequent responses from Treasury officials to House staffers -- were mostly " generalizations , " the lawmakers wrote Paulson .
Kucinich and Issa cited news reports that banks have used some of the $ 250 billion from TARP to buy other financial institutions and pay bonuses – not to make new loans and thaw credit markets , which the economy needs .
" The time has come for the Treasury Department to speak clearly and definitively to Congress and the American people about its plans for the extraordinary sums Congress has authorized , " the lawmakers wrote .
This post has been updated .
Click Here for the Blotter Homepage .
HEMPSTEAD , New York ( CNN ) --
A majority of debate watchers think Sen. Barack Obama won the third and final presidential debate , according to a national poll conducted right afterward .
Sens. Barack Obama and John McCain debate face to face Wednesday night .
Fifty - eight percent of debate watchers questioned in a CNN / Opinion Research Corp. poll said Democratic candidate Obama did the best job in the debate , with 31 percent saying Republican Sen.
John McCain performed best .
The poll also suggests that debate watchers ' favorable opinion of Obama rose slightly during the debate , from 63 percent at the start to 66 percent at the end .
The poll indicates that McCain 's favorables dropped slightly , from 51 percent to 49 percent .
The economy was the dominant issue of the debate , and 59 percent of debate watchers polled said Obama would do a better job handling the economy , 24 points ahead of McCain .
During the debate , McCain attacked Obama 's stance on taxes , accusing Obama of seeking tax increases that would " spread the wealth around . "
But by 15 points , 56 percent to 41 percent , debate watchers polled said Obama would do a better job on taxes .
By a 2 - 1 margin , 62 percent to 31 percent , debate watchers said Obama would do a better job on health care .
Sixty - six percent of debate watchers said Obama more clearly expressed his views , with 25 percent saying McCain was more clear about his views .
By 23 points , those polled said Obama was the stronger leader during the debate .
By 48 points , they said Obama was more likeable .
Watch entire debate : Part 1 » | Part 2 » | Part 3 »
McCain won in two categories .
Eighty percent of debate watchers polled said McCain spent more time attacking his opponent , with seven percent saying Obama was more on the attack .
Fifty - four percent said McCain seemed more like a typical politician during the debate , with 35 percent saying Obama acted more like a typical politician .
" Independents tend to prefer debates that are dominated by substance and light on discussion of personal characteristics , " said Keating Holland , CNN polling director .
" The perception that McCain attacked Obama gave red meat to GOP partisans , but it probably did n't help McCain with independents . "
" There was a notable gender gap as well , " Holland said .
" Women thought Obama won the debate by a 62 percent to 28 percent margin .
Among men , Obama 's lead was narrower , 54 percent to 35 percent in Obama 's favor . "
During the debate , McCain demanded to know the full extent of Obama 's relationship with William Ayers , a 1960s radical .
But the poll suggests that line of attack may not resonate with Americans .
Fifty - one percent of debate watchers said Obama 's connection to Ayers did n't matter at all to them , with 23 percent saying it mattered a great deal .
The audience for the debate poll appeared to be a bit more Democratic -- and a bit more Republican -- than the U.S. population as a whole .
Forty percent of debate watchers in the survey were Democrats and 30 percent Republicans .
CNN 's estimate of the number of Democrats in the voting age population as a whole indicates the sample is about 3 to 4 points more Democratic than the population as a whole , but also about 2 to 3 points more Republican than the population as a whole .
Eighty - eight percent of Democrats questioned in the poll said Obama did the best job , with 68 percent of Republicans saying McCain performed best .
Among independents , 57 percent said Obama did the best job , with 31 percent backing McCain as the winner of the debate .
The candidates first debated in Oxford , Mississippi , on September 26 .
Fifty - one percent of debate watchers polled by CNN and the Opinion Research Corp. said Obama won that debate , with 38 percent saying McCain performed best .
The second presidential debate was held in Nashville , Tennessee , on October 7 and 54 percent of debate watchers polled said Obama won , compared with 30 percent who said McCain did the best job .
The running mates , Democratic Sen. Joe Biden of Delaware and Republican Gov. Sarah Palin of Alaska faced off in Saint Louis , Missouri , in the single vice presidential debate October 2 .
Fifty - one percent of debate watchers polled said Biden won , and 36 percent said Palin won .
The post - debate polls do not reflect the views of all Americans .
They only represent the views of people who watched the debates .
The CNN / Opinion Research Corp. poll was conducted by telephone Wednesday night , with 620 adult Americans who watched the debate questioned .
The survey 's sampling error is plus or minus 4 percentage points .
All About John McCain • Barack Obama
Achievement Unlocked
There is nothing more gratifying than unlocking achievements .
This game has you unlocking a whole bunch of them so that you can finally achieve ultimate gaming bliss .
No levels or bosses ... just glorious achievements !
DIGG THIS
" Hey , Will — we just got a letter from a Marine saying that he was part of a project dealing with civilian arms confiscation by the military .
Are you interested ? "
It had been a fairly slow morning up until the point Dave Bohon , at the time the managing editor for The New American , came down to the research department with the aforementioned letter clutched in his hands and a puzzled expression inscribed in his aquiline features .
Practically leaping out of my chair , I grabbed the proffered letter , a handwritten missive attached to a multi-page document called a “ Combat Arms Survey ” ( scroll down ) .
I read both the letter and the questionnaire with a sense of mingled dread and excitement .
As students of the federalization and militarization of law enforcement , my associates and I knew things of this sort had to be happening , but proving it was somewhat difficult .
Here was a letter that seemed to provide the dreadful confirmation .
While it would be useful to see our suspicions vindicated , we could n’t exactly take pleasure in the knowledge that one of our worst fears appeared to be taking tangible form .
The letter ’s return address was Twentynine Palms Marine Base in California , and the author — a Marine Lance Corporal — had provided contact information .
After reading the letter three or four times , I called the phone number and contacted the Marine .
We spoke for about a half hour , during which time he described the incident in greater detail .
The Marine was one of several hundred with combat experience in recent deployments abroad assembled to take the survey .
Our conversation took place in late May 1994 ; accordingly , the pool of combat veterans included those who had served in Panama , the first Gulf War , and Somalia .
They mustered in a mess hall and given a 46 - question survey composed by Navy Lt. Commander Ernest " Guy " Cunningham , who was working on a Master ’s Thesis dealing with the deployment of US military units under foreign command as part of UN - supervised missions abroad .
While there was much in the survey that a Constitutionalist would find objectionable — for instance , Marines were asked about their willingness to swear an oath of allegiance to the United Nations — the final question was positively thermonuclear :
" The US government declares a ban on the possession , sale , transportation , and transfer of all non-sporting firearms .
A thirty ( 30 ) day amnesty period is permitted for these firearms to be turned over to the local authorities .
At the end of this period , a number of citizen groups refuse to turn over their firearms .
Consider the following statement : I would fire upon US citizens who refuse or resist confiscation of firearms banned by the US government . "
As it happens , Cunningham was not promoting civilian disarmament , or the cession of the US military to UN control .
He was using his survey to determine the extent to which such policy choices would have the support of military personnel who had served in combat abroad .
When Cunningham released his findings it was revealed that more than 61 percent of the Marines who took the survey responded that they would n’t carry out such an order under any circumstances .
Many of them took the time to expand upon their answers through comments in the margin of the survey , often written in language that would bring a maidenly blush to the gnarled cheeks of Deadwood ’s Al Swearengen .
Of course , it was gratifying to know that most of the combat veterans surveyed by Cunningham emphatically rejected the concept of domestic civilian disarmament by the military .
However , the study did suggest the existence of a sizable pool of military personnel willing to carry out that mission .
In that particular group , 79 Marines — a little more than a quarter of those surveyed — replied to Question 46 in the affirmative , a response Cunningham said " showed an alarming ignorance of the Posse Comitatus Act … and of how to treat an unlawful order . "
Now , roughly fifteen years later , it ’s hardly clear that the order to gun down American civilians defending their innate right to armed self - defense would be considered unlawful , at least in a positivist sense , by a majority of service personnel .
In September 2006 , on the same day the Bush Regime effectively dismantled the habeas corpus guarantee , it inflicted what may be lethal injury to the Posse Comitatus Act as well by providing the president with the means to make the National Guard units of all 50 states into his personal army , to be deployed domestically in any way he sees fit .
At least three combat brigades are now assigned to domestic duty as a homeland security force under Northern Command .
Those troops would supposedly be used for the sole purpose of dealing with catastrophic events , such as terrorism involving the use of non-conventional weapons ; however , the initial report indicated that these combat veterans , during their domestic deployment , would be equipped and trained to deal with crowd control and other population management tasks .
This is why the unit would be outfitted with " non-lethal " weaponry , in addition to the conventional variety .
As I ’ve noted in previous reports , active - duty military personnel were deeply involved in hands - on law enforcement ( including the use of satellite and other surveillance technology ) during the 2008 political conventions in Denver and St. Paul .
Last Friday ( December 12 ) brought another ominous expansion of the role of active - duty military personnel in routine law enforcement when elements of the California Highway Patrol conducted a joint " sobriety / driver ’s license checkpoint " alongside the San Bernadino County Sheriff ’s Office and a contingent of Military Police from the US Marine Corps .
Of particular interest to me is the fact that this troubling venture involves the Twentynine Palms Air Ground Combat Center .
This may be completely insignificant .
But it is an odd and unsettling coincidence , at the very least .
Sobriety checkpoints are a perfectly mundane ( but by no means harmless ) law enforcement function ; they do n’t involve catastrophic circumstances , either natural or man-made .
Attorney Lawrence Taylor , whose specialized practice deals entirely with those caught in the Constitution - free zone of DUI enforcement ( a form of plunder disguised as a public safety exercise that is itself sufficiently outrageous to justify widescale insurrection ) reports that his inquiries with a local USMC public affairs sergeant " resulted in assurances that the Marines would be there `as observers . ’ "
" Hmmmm … . military observers , " mused Taylor .
" Is n’t that how it all starts ? "
Indeed it is , and if the Regime ruling us wants to get serious about civilian disarmament , the process will at some point involve the deployment of military personnel at checkpoints and roadblocks .
Furthermore , as anybody who has recently endured the indignity of a traffic stop can attest , police in most jurisdictions routinely inquire as to whether there are weapons in the car .
( In my most recent traffic stop , the officer asked , " Are there any weapons in your car I need to know about ? "
" No , none that you need to know about , " was my immediate response . )
With the police increasingly taking on the aspect of a fully - realized military occupation force , it may seem redundant for the regular military to assume a more active role in " homeland security . "
The fact that such efforts are not only underway , but accelerating , is highly suggestive of very bad intentions on the part of those who presume to rule us .
As the depression deepens into the economic equivalent of a quantum singularity , and fear is finally transmuted into public outrage over the redistribution of wealth to protect the Swindler Class , a spark will be struck somewhere , and a population center of some size is going to go up in flames .
In fact , it would n’t surprise me if the Regime ’s huge population of informants and provocateurs include some of the people eagerly spraying accelerant of some kind wherever promising examples of social friction can be found .
When the fire erupts — whether through spontaneous combustion or through the ministrations of the Regime ’s paid incendiaries — the script will call for the government to deploy occupation troops , on the assumption that the best way to battle a social conflagration would be to suffocate liberty , rather than extinguishing the source of the fire .
The possibility of full - scale domestic military mobilization to suppress insurrection is one of several scenarios limned in the recent , widely publicized US Army War College paper " Known Unknowns : Unconventional ` Strategic Shocks ’ in Defense Strategy Development . "
The report examines several ongoing and potential sources of " strategic dislocation " for the empire ( an entirely appropriate term not used in the report , even though it should have been ) both abroad and at home .
The Iraqi insurgency was cited as a key example of an unforeseen " shock " that set back the course of the empire ; this despite the fact that any reasonably intelligent person with a particle of human understanding could have predicted that Iraqis would organize to resist foreign occupation .
There are at least two kinds of " strategic shocks " described in the report .
One is the " Natural Endpoint " of a given trend - line ; another is referred to as a " Dangerous Waypoint " or a " Discontinuous Break " that interrupts an otherwise positive trend - line .
Curiously — or perhaps not , given that this was a paper produced by an arm of the Regime — no thought is given to the possibility that ongoing difficulties both at home and abroad are auguries of the " Natural Endpoint " of the imperial trend - line that began — well , let ’s say with the closing of the Western Frontier ( and the related massacre of Lakota at Wounded Knee ) in 1890 .
Acknowledging and welcoming the end of the American Empire would be a singularly healthy development ; it would bring about a legitimate revolution in military affairs , and could foreclose the possibility of martial law in the immediate future .
But once again , such possibilities simply do n’t exist , as far as the author of this War College study is concerned .
Accordingly , beginning on page 31 of that document we find a brief and remarkably candid ( and , curiously , completely un-sourced ) discussion of possible " Violent , Strategic Dislocation inside the United States . "
In the event that " organized violence against local , state and national authorities " were to materialize — that is , if the long - suffering productive people finally have a surfeit of armed parasites and start fighting back — it might " exceed the capacity of the former two [ that is , local and state governments ] to restore public order and protect vulnerable populations . "
( The " vulnerable " in this case being the soft - handed tax feeders who cower behind the armed people wearing State - issued costumes . )
In such circumstances , the military " might be forced … to put its broad resources at the disposal of civil authorities to contain and reverse violent threats to domestic tranquility , " the report continues .
" Widespread civil violence inside the United States would force the defense establishment to reorient priorities in extremis to defend basic domestic order and human security . "
( Emphasis added . )
Now , I have no way of knowing if the author of this report is aware of the fact that the phrase " human security , " as used by the exalted beings employed by the United Nations , refers to a condition in which disarmed populations depend entirely on government for their protection .
It was the objective of " human security " that was being pursued in Rwanda in 1993 through a peace treaty that required the disarmament of everybody but the Government ’s armed enforcement personnel .
This made it quite simple for the Rwandan " Hutu Power " Junta to slaughter roughly 1.1 million Tutsis ( and moderate Hutus ) during the 103 - day orgy of genocide that began in April 1994 .
Civilian disarmament is integral to any military occupation , whether it ’s carried out in the service of " peacekeeping , " colonialism , or genocide ( and those categories do tend to blend at the margins ) .
Since 1994 , the US military has been involved in a series of occupation missions — in Haiti , Bosnia , Kosovo , Afghanistan , Iraq , Somalia , and elsewhere .
Nearly all of them involve some large - scale disarmament initiative .
Recently in Iraq , US military personnel have been confiscating toy guns from Iraqi children .
Many of those military personnel are Guardsmen and Reservists who will return to jobs in " civilian " law enforcement well - versed in the logic of civilian disarmament as a necessity for " force protection . "
Others are military personnel who will be fast - tracked into law enforcement careers once they come home and look for work in an exceptionally bad labor market .
Still others will serve " dwell - time " missions stateside as part of Northern Command ’s homeland security force .
It would be immensely useful — and probably quite horrifying — to have those personnel take Guy Cunningham ’s " Combat Arms Survey , " and examine their responses to the notorious Question 46 .
How many of them would be willing to shoot Americans in order to confiscate their guns if ordered to do so ?
Obviously , I ca n’t provide an answer to that question that is anything other than speculation .
I do recall an incident in late 2001 , during a speaking tour in support of a book dealing with the subject of civilian disarmament .
The tour took me to Memphis , Tennessee , where I addressed a large audience who had gathered in a very well - appointed hotel .
Just down the hall from our meeting , a ballroom had been rented for a formal event involving recruiters for the various branches of the military .
The hallways were full of young officers and non-coms in formal military attire .
At one point I spied two of them — one of them a Marine — examining a poster advertising the subject of my speech , " Civilian Disarmament . "
The Marine turned to his buddy and , with what appeared to be an approving smirk , commented : " Sounds like a good idea . "
The Best of William Norman Grigg
I simply cannot understand how Texas manages to exist day after day .
The rampant insanity of the government in that state makes it seem likely that Texas will simply fly off the face of the Earth and spin into the Sun .
The latest shooting - itself - in - the - foot - moment for the Lone Star State is based on a panel to create its state science curriculum ( oh , you already know where this is going , dontcha now ? ) .
Out of the six seats on the panel , three are going to creationists !
And not just any run -of - the - mill creationists , but one of them is Stephen C. Meyer , director of the Discovery Institute .
I will pause a moment while the air leaks back into your room .
Ready ?
OK then , let me say this again : Texas has placed a creationist who runs the Discovery institute -- a hotbed of creationist deceptions -- on a panel that will decide what " science " the children of Texas will learn .
And who will lead this panel of three reality - based scientists and three people dedicated to destroying reality ?
Why , it 's our old friend Donald McLeroy !
Remember him ?
He 's a creationist .
He hates science .
He thinks abstinence - only education works ( if you want teen girls to get STDs and get pregnant , then you 'd be right ) .
And he 's proven that he has no business being within three hundred yards of any sort of educational process .
So if you live in Texas , what can you do ?
First , educate yourself : read what others have to say on this topic , including Texas Citizens for Science , PZ Myers , the Houston Chronicle , and even Little Green Footballs ( a website with which I agree on almost no other topic ) .
Then , write letters .
Tell your friends .
Send them here , or to those other links .
Go to the Texas Citizens for Science site .
If you have a blog , write about this , because when exposed to light this creationist ideologues tend to wither from embarrassment .
Unfortunately , McLeroy was appointed by Texas Governor Rick Perry , and the next election for governor is n't until 2010 .
But do n't forget :
Perry is the guy who put an anti-science , inexperienced man in charge of Texas education , a man who has proven beyond any doubt whatsoever that not only is he wrong for the job , but that he will destroy science education in Texas ... and Texas is a state that drives textbook sales throughout the country .
This affects all of us .
One man -- one creationist -- can unduly influence the entire country .
And this must be stopped .
Otherwise ...
Texas ( and science education in the U.S. ) : < img src= " http://blogs.discovermagazine.com/badastronomy/files/2007/doomed.jpg " alt =" LOLcat : Doomed "
Dec. 20 , 2008  --
The bones and skull found near the home of missing toddler Caylee Anthony have been determined to be the skeletal remains of the little girl , police concluded Friday .
Using DNA testing , officials identified the remains of a young girl found last week as the missing Florida toddler .
Caylee 's mother , Casey Anthony , is being held on first - degree murder charges .
The bones showed no evidence of trauma before Caylee died , and the death is being ruled a " homicide of undetermined means , " said Orange County chief medical examiner Dr. Jan Garavaglia .
The medical examiner has asked for toxicology tests to be performed on the remains .
The announcement brings just one tragic answer to a mystery that has gripped the nation since Casey reported the 2 - year - old missing a month after she disappeared in June .
It is not clear whether Caylee died before or after her third birthday on Aug .
9 .
Caylee 's remains , including a skull , were discovered in a wooded area less than half a mile from the Anthony home in Orlando , Fla on Dec. 11 .
Police have since found " most of [ a ] skeleton , " Orange County Sheriff 's Department spokesman Carlos Padilla told ABC News .
According to Padilla , the child 's final resting place was in a section of woods people regularly use to dump trash and " bury their pets . "
The discovery of evidence that the scene that was linked to the Anthony home prompted police to execute a search warrant on the home last week .
Police were seen removing boxes and bags of evidence from home .
The skull fell from a bag that was found at 9:30 a.m. by an Orlando utility worker .
The worker then reported it to authorities .
Click here to hear the 911 call .
That worker had called police three times to urge them to search the area back in August , but after police responded twice to investigate , no body was found .
CLICK HERE for a timeline of the case .
Preparing for the Worst
With Caylee 's body positively identified , attention turned towards her mother , 22 - year - old Casey Anthony , who was charged with the toddler 's murder in October .
Casey Anthony was arrested the day after she reported Caylee missing on charges including child neglect .
She became a person of interest in the little girl 's disappearance after police found traces of chloroform and strands of hair similar to Caylee 's in the trunk of a car last driven by Casey Anthony .
Anthony was officially charged with first - degree murder Oct. 14 .
She has pleaded not guilty to charges ranging from first - degree murder to lying to investigators .
She faces life in prison if convicted .
The discovery of a body was not an unanticipated possibility for Casey 's defense attorney Jose Baez , Baez 's spokesman Todd Black told ABC News last week .
" From the beginning we started preparing for the worst , " Black said .
" We were working under the assumption that a body could be found . "
It was the position of Casey Anthony all along , the one that Baez represented in court , that Casey gave up the child to " a third party , " Black said .
While members of the prosecution have been sifting through evidence ever since the remains were found last week , Baez was twice rebuffed in efforts to gain access to the crime scene in court by Judge Stan Strickland , who said he could not allow access until the remains were identified .
Baez had called in six experts , including a forensic pathologist , an anthropologist and an entomologist in preparation to examine the scene , but had to fly them out before the chance was given for them to examine the evidence .
On Wednesday , the police brought in their own entomologist and anthropologist .
Mysterious Tipster Called Back in August
The man who found Caylee 's remains made three calls tipping officials off to the area in August , Orange County Sheriff 's Office spokesman Angelo Nieves said in a news conference Thursday .
Police believe utility worker Ray Kronk , 46 , returned to the area last week " out of curiosity . "
He is not a suspect in the case , and police do not know if he had any prior association with Caylee 's mother , Casey Anthony , who is being held on murder charges , Nieves said .
" This is just a decent citizen , " Padilla said .
" He sounds credible .
He does n't sound like he 's making this up . "
" His participation in this matter is strictly as a concerned citizen with a sharp eye , good instincts and perserverance , " said Kronk 's lawyer David Evans in a news conference yesterday .
" He has no connection to this case , to the Anthony family or any of the proceedings that have gone on before . "
Kronk called in a tip on Aug. 11 but only told police the general area where he saw a gray and black bag and did not meet the responding detective , Padilla explained .
The detective did not find anything suspicious and cleared the area .
Kronk called again on Aug. 12 and 13 , at which point police returned to the scene but again did not find anything to raise their suspicions .
Padilla told ABC
News that police are investigating the " thoroughness " of the response , but said the area had a significant amount of water flooding many parts .
" We 're trying to make sure -- is it possible that we missed an opportunity to locate these remains back in August ? " Padilla said .
Frustrating , Curious Investigation
The case began with an emergency call from Casey Anthony 's mother , Cindy Anthony , in mid-July .
On the tape , she is heard frantically telling emergency operators , " I can't find my granddaughter .
...
There 's something wrong .
... I found my daughter 's car today and it smelled like there 's been a dead body in the damn car . "
Casey
Anthony then got on the phone and reported she may have a missing child .
Cindy
Anthony later retracted that statement , saying that the smell in the car could have been from garbage .
As investigators would quickly learn , this would only the be first of many twists and story changes in the curious case .
CLICK HERE for a timeline of the case .
Lies , Half - Truths and Incomplete Information
Since their investigation was launched on July 15 , some Orange County officers have become well acquainted with the frustrations of following leads based on incomplete information , half - truths and what one officer said were " smoke bombs . "
In the original version of events , Caylee 's mother reported her missing to police , saying she had dropped the child off at a babysitter 's house on June 9 .
When she went to pick the child up , both the child and the babysitter had disappeared .
Casey 's parents both corroborated the story until a bond hearing on July 25 when Cindy Anthony said that the last time she saw the child was not on June 9 , but on June 15 , and that she had just been confused .
When police questioned Casey Anthony about her daughter prior to her arrest , they say Anthony misled them multiple times .
The Phantom Baby Sitter
The defense has maintained since Casey 's arrest that she gave Caylee up to " a third party " -- a babysitter named Zenaida Fernandez - Gonzalez .
When Casey took police to the apartment where she said Gonzalez lived , they found that no one had lived in the apartment for five months .
At that time , lead investigator Yuri Mellich said , " I am not disregarding that this person may or may not exist , but Casey Anthony 's friends and family have never met this person . "
After an extensive search for Gonzalez , a woman with the same name came forward in September to tell authorities she had never met Casey or Caylee .
Police cleared her of any involvement .
The Forensics Reports
Scientists found evidence of body decomposition and traces of chloroform in Casey Anthony 's car trunk , according to forensics reports released in October .
Lab reports from the FBI found that a hair strand in the trunk showed " characteristics of apparent decomposition . "
The hair is " microscopically similar " to hair strands found on Caylee 's brush , but the report said it could not conclusively say the hair in the trunk came from the missing girl .
Casey had been considered a " person of interest " in her daughter 's disappearance since mid-July after police reported in a bond hearing that they believed they found that evidence of decomposition in the car .
Casey 's Curious Attitude
But what unsettled investigator Padilla more than Anthony 's imprecise information is her overall attitude during the initial phases of the investigation .
" She has shown no emotion , " Padilla told ABCNews in July .
" That 's unusual .
At the time of the interviews ... she did n't seem concerned and that made this case much stranger . "
" She spoke to deputies like she was talking about baseball .
How do you get through to someone like that ? " he added .
But Anthony revealed the entire range of emotion in videos of jailhouse conversations between her and her parents which were released in early December .
In the more than 300 minutes of video released by the Orange County Sheriff 's Department , Casey Anthony is shown laughing , crying and growing frustrated with the investigation and her family 's questions .
When her mother , Cindy Anthony , confronted her with lead Detective Yuri Mellich 's suspicions that she had had something to do with Caylee 's disappearance , her daughter dodged the issue .
" Yuri [ Mellich ] has it set in his mind .
He thinks you 've done something to Caylee , " Cindy Anthony told her .
At that point , her daughter got up and , when she returned , steered the conversation in a different direction .
Casey Anthony also said that she knows the conversations are being recorded and said , " there are things [ she ] directly needs to say " to each of her parents .
And to Caylee , Casey asked her mother to pass along a message that " Mommy loves her very much , and that she 's the most important thing in this entire world to me .
And to be brave . "
Orange County Sheriff Kevin Beary said his office is now working " to bring this case to a conclusion and get it prepared for court . "
The fact is that fear has massed its ranks .
Every time one lender fails , terror spreads deeper among traders and investors .
As their concerns grow , they deposit their fear at the institution they believe is weakest and most likely to collapse .
There is nothing rational about the behaviour .
On fundamentals , RBS is not in immediate danger .
However , as seen with Northern Rock , B&B , Bear Stearns and Lehman Brothers , loss of confidence can kill it .
If you ’re interested in iTabla Pandit on iPhone , iPod Touch or iPad , you ’ll find it on AppStore .
See this pare for all details :
How to get iTabla Pandit on AppStore
For iTabla on computer , see iTabla Desktop here .
For Tanpura Generator Desktop , see Tanpura Generator Desktop .
For more information , you may contact us .
The Baghdad journalist who sent George Bush a " goodbye kiss from the Iraqi people " by flinging shoes at his head probably spoke for many people in the Arab world , where the American leader is widely disliked .
The extraordinary incident gave added point to a broader question increasingly asked as he nears the end of his eight - year term in office : was George Bush the worst ever US president ?
Any objective answer depends to a considerable degree on how " worst ever " is defined .
Opinion polls among American voters , conducted since Bush entered the White House in 2001 , are influenced by the fact that people experienced him in real time .
They had no similar exposure to , say , slave - owner Thomas Jefferson or civil war general Ulysses Grant .
Undeterred , respondents to a Rasmussen poll in 2007 came down hard on their current leader .
As is usual in such contemporary polls , George Washington , Abraham Lincoln and Franklin D Roosevelt were rated among the best ever presidents .
Only two were viewed unfavourably by a majority of those surveyed : 60 % thought badly of Richard Nixon ; 66 % thought even worse of Bush .
A Quinnipac university study in 2006 asked voters : " Which of these 11 presidents since 1945 would you consider the worst president – Harry Truman , Dwight Eisenhower , John Kennedy , Lyndon Johnson , Richard Nixon , Gerald Ford , Jimmy Carter , Ronald Reagan , George Bush Sr , Bill Clinton and George W Bush ? "
Bush the younger won hands down , with 34 % picking him as the worst , followed by Nixon ( 17 % ) and Clinton ( 16 % ) .
And these findings are more favourable to Bush than more recent surveys .
Seventy - six per cent of respondents told CNN last month that they viewed Bush unfavourably – the highest negative rating since polls began 60 years ago .
Bush also fares badly in polls of American historians and academics ( who are assumed to be more knowledgeable and objective ) .
But these surveys also reveal some tough , albeit obscure , competition for the title of worst ever .
The little - remembered Franklin Pierce , president from 1853 to 1857 , is castigated for expanding slavery in the west and thus bringing the civil war closer .
Another antebellum president , James Buchanan , is also taken to task for failing to avert the south 's secession .
Warren Harding 's White House tenure from 1921 to 1923 was marked by notorious scandals and resignations .
Under him , it is claimed , the US regressed into a period of isolationism , nativism , and recession , ending with the Wall Street crash .
Even more useless than Bush , in an existential sense , were William Henry Harrison and James Garfield , both of whom died after less than six months in office .
But poll numbers are not the only , and not perhaps the best , way of judging presidential performance .
Presidents , obviously , can be both both " good " and " bad " .
Nixon is an example .
He is reviled for his Watergate lies .
But he is also remembered for ending the Vietnam war , opening up relations with communist China , and seeking detente with the Soviet Union .
And then there are specific measures .
If the foremost duty of a president , as US commander - in - chief , is to protect the American people from murderous attack by foreign enemies , then Bush clearly failed momentously on 11 September 2001 .
He failed to see al - Qaida coming and failed lamentably to stop them .
Yet much the same could be said of the otherwise admired Roosevelt , who was caught napping by the Japanese at Pearl Harbour in 1941 .
Some maintain the president 's main job is to ensure and enhance the nation 's economic wellbeing and overall prosperity .
The ongoing , made - in - America credit crunch and the global slump that has followed point to Bush as all - time biggest bungler .
But that would be to ignore the disastrous contribution of Herbert Hoover , president from 1929 to 1933 , and a principal author , by some accounts , of the great depression .
By the time Hoover left office , 25 % of Americans were jobless and hundreds of thousands were living in tent cities known as Hoovervilles .
Americans could n't even have a drink to drown their sorrows , thanks to prohibition .
Like Bush , Hoover is said to have become depressed .
Walking into a room with him in it was said by one contemporary to be like falling into a bottle of black ink .
Bush has failed to win or even finish the wars he started , in Afghanistan , Iraq and the wider " war on terror " .
But that was true of Johnson and Kennedy .
And unlike Iraq , their Vietnam misadventure nearly tore America apart .
Even the sainted Abe Lincoln presided over and ruthlessly prosecuted a civil war that killed more Americans ( up to 700,000 ) than any single war before or since .
And if the US president is to be regarded as a figure of moral authority , embodying the nation 's values and beliefs , then Bush 's personal behaviour has been exemplary compared to many incumbents , and notably that of his immediate predecessor , the intern - challenged Clinton .
All told , it can probably be generally agreed , except by the stubborn rump of conservative Republicans who think him wonderful , that Bush has been a pretty poor president , and possibly the worst in living memory .
But when it 's recalled what other American leaders have got up to , going back to the founding fathers , circumspection is required .
Those early leaders ' treasonable behaviour , their promotion of slavery , their genocide against native Americans , and their later imperial adventures in Mexico , in the Philippines , Cuba , China and beyond set appalling precedents .
Along with everything admirable and honourable that the US and its leaders have achieved , Bush was both heir and product of this tainted legacy .
Inescapably , Barack Obama is too .
When Cmdr. James Stockdale parachuted out of his nose - diving Skyhawk over the North Vietnamese jungle in September 1965 , the war was still young .
Little was known about the fate that awaited American prisoners of war .
It did n't take Stockdale long to gain a clearer sense .
After a few months in solitary confinement in Hoa Lo prison in Hanoi , he was introduced to " the ropes , " a torture technique in which a prisoner was seated on the floor -- legs extended , arms bound behind him -- as a guard stood on his back and drove his face down until his nose was mashed into the brick floor between his legs .
The North Vietnamese knew they were overmatched militarily , but they figured they could at least win the propaganda war by brutalizing American P.O.W.'s until they denounced their government and " confessed " that they had bombed schoolchildren and villagers .
For his part , Stockdale intended to return home with his honor intact .
One afternoon , he was given a razor and led to the bathroom -- a sure sign that he was being readied for a propaganda film .
Instead of shaving , Stockdale gave himself a reverse Mohawk , tearing up his scalp in the process .
More determined than ever now , his captors locked him in the interrogation room for a few minutes while they fetched a hat for him .
Stockdale glanced around , looking for an appropriate weapon .
He considered a rusty bucket and a windowpane before settling on a 50 - pound stool , and proceeded to beat himself about the face .
Then , realizing that his eyes were not yet swollen shut , he beat himself some more .
By the time the guards had returned , blood was running down the front of his shirt .
For the next several weeks , Stockdale kept himself unpresentable by surreptitiously bashing his face with his fists .
The North Vietnamese never did manage to film him .
As Hoa Lo filled with American shootdowns -- it would become known among prisoners as the Hanoi Hilton -- Stockdale transformed a loose colony of destabilized P.O.W.'s into a tightly knit underground resistance movement with its own language ( an alphabetical tap code ) and laws .
Stockdale was the highest - ranking Navy P.O.W. , but his authority derived less from seniority than from that rare blend of virtues that enables a small minority of men to thrive in what the Prussian military philosopher Karl von Clausewitz called the province of danger .
Inside the interrogation room , the military 's Code of Conduct , which presupposes adherence to the Geneva Conventions , was of little value .
The torture was simply too intense to limit statements to name , rank , serial number and date of birth .
So Stockdale created new rules designed both to protect America 's war effort and to keep P.O.W.'s alive .
Stockdale ordered his men to endure as much physical abuse as they could before acceding to any of their interrogators ' demands -- the key , in his view , to preserving a sense of dignity -- and to always confess to fellow inmates everything they had been forced to divulge .
To carry an unclean conscience was to risk descending into a spiral of guilt and shame that would make them only more vulnerable to themselves and their captors .
Coronavirus .
It has become one of the biggest pandemics of all time .
Most people do n’t even entirely know what it has come to .
It has taken the lives of thousands of innocent people as we continue to fight it .
The older you are , the more at risk you are of catching the virus .
It has a variety of different side effects such as cough , fever and shortness of breath .
However the real heros of all of this pandemic has to be the front line workers .
They have put their lives at risk each and everyday to help save the lives of tons of people they do n’t even know .
But how is it even possible that these front line workers are even able to be around people that have such an infectious disease ?
Through the use of masks , gowns and tons of other medical supply equipment .
However one of the biggest problems with the pandemic is that there is a huge shortage of medical supplies around the entire world .
When the pandemic first happened , everyone tried to stock pile on as many supplies as they could get such as masks , gowns , gloves and disinfected wipes .
We need to make sure that all of the hospitals are able to have the amounts they need to keep the workers safe and help the patients to stay safe when it comes to the recovery process .
Lots of people and celebrities around the world have been very generous when it comes to donating their money to help the cause .
However even still there is a massive shortage of all sorts of different medical supplies .
One of the most important supplies during the coronavirus pandemic has to be masks .
Masks can thankfully be made out of all sorts of different materials .
People have started to work on them to start fulfilling the need for masks around the world .
The more that people make , the better off we are going to be .
Masks are super important because they are one of the top causes to make sure that the virus does not spread any further than it already has .
The problem is that a vaccine is very far away and the only thing we can do right now is try to prevent the spread of the virus .
We have to do all that we can to keep the people that are at higher risk , inside , and safe .
Before the pandemic , masks were really only used by firefighters , some nurses and then construction workers .
They are mainly used as a filter to make sure that the air you are breathing in is going to be clean and wo n’t contain anything that is bad for you .
You can easily get the virus through your eyes , nose , or mouth so the mask really helps to prevent getting the virus or spreading it to others that you love .
If you have any masks that you are n’t using , it would be very nice to donate them to your local churches and hospitals so that those that ca n’t afford them are able to get one and can protect themselves .
How you can make better use of the masks :
Most people just think that a mask is good for one time and then you have to throw it away .
That is actually the complete opposite .
If more people were to educate themselves in this time of need , we might not have such a shortage of products .
Many people go through way too many masks because they are not educated very well .
We need everyone to know that you can easily wash your masks and reuse them .
This is going to help with the shortages going around .
Another really important thing that you are able to do is buy a higher quality mask that uses different filters .
This is going to help you save time money and other people will be able to use the masks for what they need .
Quality over Quantity
Now the discussion turns to something very important .
Is it better to have more masks , or one better mask ?
Well the answer to this question is simply up to you as there is no right or wrong answer .
I have actually seen it go both ways .
Some people prefer to buy a bunch of disposable ones and that is ok or you can get one really high quality one and then ride that one for the rest of the pandemic .
Regardless though , make sure you are keeping the needs of others in mind too when you shop and go out into public .
Wrap Up
Overall COVID - 19 has done more to our nation than we could have ever predicted .
It is super important we are all educated and make decisions that are going to benefit us in the future .
One of the biggest problems of the pandemic is the shortage of medical supplies .
There is absolutely no reason that we should have a shortage of medical supplies .
We knew this virus was coming long before it ’s time and we have nobody to blame but ourselves for not being prepared .
The only thing we can do now is make sure we get masks and the other needed medical supplies to the front line workers that are working around the clock to help save the lives of innocent people .
I want to thank you for spending the time to read this post .
Believe it or not you are doing a lot just by reading .
If you want to get involved , learn how to make masks .
They are very easy to make and you can donate them to hospitals and other places that really need them .
The more involved that we all get in the COVID pandemic the earlier we are going to get out of it .
Masks have to be one of the most important things because they really slow down the spread of the virus .
The more you educate yourself the more you are going to help out your community .
We are going to get through this all together .
Just make sure to do your part .
Thank you .
The Timbers Club
Concierge at The Timbers Club in SNOWMASS VILLAGE
We are currently accepting applications for the following full - time / seasonal position : Concierge
This position offers a competitive benefits package , and premier …
When it comes to sex roles in society , what you think may affect what you earn .
A new study has found that men who believe in traditional roles for women earn more money than men who do n't , and women with more egalitarian views do n't make much more than women with a more traditional outlook .
Timothy Judge , PhD , and Beth Livingston from the University of Florida , analyzed data from a nationally representative study of men and women who were interviewed four times between 1979 and 2005 .
A total of 12,686 people , ages 14 to 22 at the beginning of the study , participated ; there was a 60 percent retention rate over the course of the study .
At each of the four interviews , participants were asked about their views on gender roles in the work force and at home .
They answered questions such as whether they believed a woman 's place is in the home , whether employing wives leads to more juvenile delinquency , if a man should be the achiever outside the home and if the woman should take care of the home and family .
Participants were also asked about their earnings , religious upbringing , education , whether they worked outside the home and their marital status , in addition to other topics .
Prior studies have shown that men tend to hold more traditional gender roles than do women , though this gap has narrowed over time .
The researchers looked specifically at gender role views as a predictor of a person 's earnings .
They controlled for job complexity , number of hours worked and education .
Their analyses showed that men in the study who said they had more traditional gender role attitudes made an average of about $ 8,500 more annually than those who had less traditional attitudes .
" More traditional people may be seeking to preserve the historical separation of work and domestic roles .
Our results prove that is , in fact , the case , " Judge said .
" This is happening even in today 's work force where men and women are supposedly equal as far as participation . "
For women , however , the situation was reversed .
Women who held more traditional views about gender roles made an average of $ 1,500 less annually than the women with more egalitarian views .
Put another way , if a married couple holds traditional gender role attitudes , the husband 's earning advantage was predicted to be eight times greater than a married couple where the husband and wife have more egalitarian attitudes .
" These results show that changes in gender role attitudes have substantial effects on pay equity , " Judge said .
" When workers ' attitudes become more traditional , women 's earnings relative to men suffer greatly .
When attitudes become more egalitarian , the pay gap nearly disappears . "
Notably , the results also did not fundamentally change when other factors were controlled , such as industry , occupation , hours worked , and number of children .
" These results can not be explained by the fact that , in traditional couples , women are less likely to work outside the home , " Judge said .
" Though this plays some role in our findings , our results suggest that even if you control for time worked and labor force participation , traditional women are paid less than traditional men for comparable work . "
The researchers also sought to understand why some people hold more traditional or less traditional perceptions of gender roles .
Some associations they found were :
People living in Northeastern cities had less traditional views regarding gender roles
People whose parents both worked outside the home had less traditional views regarding gender roles
Married , religious people tended to have more traditional gender role views
Younger people had less traditional views but became more traditional over time
The authors offered suggestions for future research , including investigating the relationship between happiness and job attitudes among people with specific gender role views arguing that more money and happiness does n't necessarily always go together for some people .
The researchers believe their results show that the gender pay gap is not just an economic phenomenon .
" Psychology has an important role to play , too , " said Judge .
" Our country 's policies have been leaning toward gender equality for decades now .
But , according to our study , traditional gender role views continue to work against this goal . "
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Satellite images taken at night show heavily Sunni Arab neighborhoods of Baghdad began emptying before a U.S. troop surge in 2007 , graphic evidence of ethnic cleansing that preceded a drop in violence , according to a report published on Friday .
An image showing the proportion of change in night - lights in Baghdad between March 2006 and December 2007 , released to Reuters on September 19 , 2008 .
REUTERS / UCLA / Handout
The images support the view of international refugee organizations and Iraq experts that a major population shift was a key factor in the decline in sectarian violence , particularly in the Iraqi capital , the epicenter of the bloodletting in which hundreds of thousands were killed .
Minority Sunni Arabs were driven out of many neighborhoods by Shi’ite militants enraged by the bombing of the Samarra mosque in February 2006 .
The bombing , blamed on the Sunni militant group al Qaeda , sparked a wave of sectarian violence .
“ By the launch of the surge , many of the targets of conflict had either been killed or fled the country , and they turned off the lights when they left , ” geography professor John Agnew of the University of California Los Angeles , who led the study , said in a statement .
“ Essentially , our interpretation is that violence has declined in Baghdad because of intercommunal violence that reached a climax as the surge was beginning , ” said Agnew , who studies ethnic conflict .
Some 2 million Iraqis are displaced within Iraq , while 2 million more have sought refuge in neighboring Syria and Jordan .
Previously religiously mixed neighborhoods of Baghdad became homogenized Sunni or Shi’ite Muslim enclaves .
The study , published in the journal Environment and Planning A , provides more evidence of ethnic conflict in Iraq , which peaked just before U.S. President George W. Bush ordered the deployment of about 30,000 extra U.S. troops .
The extent to which the troop build - up helped halt Iraq ’s slide into sectarian civil war has been debated , particularly in the United States , with supporters of the surge saying it was the main contributing factor , and others arguing it was simply one of a number of factors .
“ Our findings suggest that the surge has had no observable effect , except insofar as it has helped to provide a seal of approval for a process of ethno- sectarian neighborhood homogenization that is now largely achieved , ” Agnew ’s team wrote in their report .
Agnew ’s team used publicly available infrared night imagery from a weather satellite operated by the U.S. Air Force .
“ The overall night light signature of Baghdad since the U.S. invasion appears to have increased between 2003 and 2006 and then declined dramatically from 20 March 2006 through 16 December 2007 , ” their report said .
They said the night lights of Shi’ite - dominated Sadr City remained constant , as did lights in the Green Zone government and diplomatic compound in central Baghdad .
Lights increased in the eastern New Baghdad district , another Shi’ite enclave .
Satellite studies have also been used to help document forced relocations in Myanmar and ethnic cleansing in Uganda .
Microsoft Corp. , engrossed in multi-million dollar marketing blitz to counter comical ads from rival Apple , Inc. , is now using a portion of its budget to fuel guerilla retail tactics near the Mac maker 's stores .
AppleInsider reader
Tom submits the following photo , which shows a large Microsoft - branded kiosk parked outside a shopping center - based Apple retail store .
" It 's a friggin booth where you can record your own I 'm a PC video , " he said .
" This is outside the Apple Store , Bullring , Birmingham , England . "
He added that a trio of Microsoft staffers will be on hand to turn patrons off from the Mac for the next three days .
The move is an extension of the Redmond - based software giant 's $ 300 million advertising campaign aimed at cleaning up the image of its Windows Vista operating system , which has been tarnished at the hands of Apple 's long - running " I'm a Mac , I 'm a PC " ads .
Last month , Microsoft tapped advertising firm Crispin Porter & Bogusky to use Apple 's assault as a foundation for a direct counter - strike with its own series of " I'm a PC " ads , which open with a John Hodgman lookalike character who declares that he 's been " made into a stereotype . "
As part of the campaign , Microsoft invited visitors to its website to upload videos and photos that demonstrate " how they , too , are PCs . "
The company has since select a handful of those clips for inclusion in television commercials that can be seen airing on network television this week .
Microsoft now appears to be taking its initiative to the streets .
The " I'm a PC " ads are actually a second phase of the company 's rebuttal efforts .
An initial series of ads was dominated by a pair of offbeat teaser skits ( 1 , 2 ) featuring Bill Gates and comedian Jerry Seinfeld .
Those efforts were postponed indefinitely amid mixed reviews .
If " limited edition " is n't limited enough , Gumpert has the car for you .
The boutique supercar maker is sending just 10 of the race - ready rides to America next year .
They start at $ 485,000 , but we 'll take the top - of - the - line $ 850,000 model , because why would n't you want every one of the 850 horsepower you get with it ?
Photo : Jim Merithew / Wired.com
Rory Cellan- Jones
Just about every Web 2.0 firm has got a business model which depends exclusively on advertising - and right now a lot of those plans look very shaky , as online ad revenue starts to flatten .
What that means is that millions of users of everything from social networking sites like Facebook and Twitter to video sharing businesses like YouTube and Seesmic may find those services either more annoying to use - or may see them disappear altogether .
The days of free content with no ads and no aggro are drawing to a close .
So why am I just a little troubled by an advertising scheme which could make Twitter - a social network where I spend far too much time - more viable ?
The scheme is called Magpie , and it encourages Twitterers to sign up and then act as a vehicle for small ads to be inserted alongside their tweets .
The deal is that they match keywords to your " tweets " , then post " magpie " tweets in your name with adverts , and you then get paid for that .
I was struggling to understand how it worked and asked my Twitter followers - one explained it rather nicely .
" It 's a very simple three - stage process .
( 1 ) Sign up to Magpie .
( 2 ) Ad - tweets appear in your stream .
( 3 ) All your followers block you . "
That of course is the problem .
We , the users , do n't see Twitter as a business but as a place where we go to hang out and talk amongst ourselves .
If you met a friend in the pub and he casually inserted into the conversation " thought of taking the Daily Beast ?
you really should - there 's a free DVD with every copy ... " , you would quickly decide he was a friend no more .
But of course Twitter does need to start earning some money pretty quickly if it is going to survive in these difficult times .
The trouble is , Magpie is not owned by Twitter - it appears to be a joint venture based in Berlin and Birmingham - and it is n't clear whether any share of the revenues from these ads will head off to California to the firm which actually makes them possible .
Somehow the owners of everything from Faceboook to Twitter to YouTube are going to have to find ways of monetising them more effectively .
But turning social users into online billboards sounds a surefire way of losing their custom - so you wo n't be finding any Magpie ads in my twitterstream .
The Minnesota Canvassing Board convened today to decide the fate of 133 missing ballots and to settle the issue of allegedly wrongfully rejected absentee ballots .
Before I provide their verdict , I want to recap the current state of the race as provided by the MN Secretary of State 's website :
Recount Original Coleman : 1,208,344 - 1,210,995 = - 2,651 Franken : 1,207,657 - 1,210,285 = - 2,628 Current Margin : 687 Precincts Recounted : 4129 of 4130 ( 99.93 % of 11/4 Votes )
The excluded precinct , Minneapolis ' 1st Precinct in Ward 3 , has yet to release their tally due to the missing " 1 of 5 " envelope containing 133 ballots .
At today 's meeting the Canvassing Board decided that the original election day tally would be used , for the precinct in question :
First , the board voted to count 133 missing ballots from a Minneapolis precinct , despite the objections of Republican U.S. Sen.
Norm Coleman .
Minnesota Attorney General Lori Swanson told the board this morning that it could include the ballots , which otherwise would have cost Franken dozens of votes in his bid to unseat Coleman .
Source : St. Paul Pioneer Press
There were 1,965 votes cast on election day in Minneapolis Ward 3 , Precinct 1 ; Franken won 1,090 , and Coleman 595 for a difference of 495 votes .
Roughly 1,832 votes were recounted in the Minneapolis Precinct for ballots that were not misplaced ; the result of that recount will be added to the election day total for the 133 missing ballots .
Of the 133 missing ballots , Franken holds a 46 vote lead .
There is no publicly available figure for the actual recount result in this precinct .
For the purposes of moving forward I will assume that the 495 vote margin will remain consistent .
Factoring in the 495 vote gain for Franken decreases the margin to 192 votes .
Recount [ VFA ] Original Coleman : 1,208,939 - 1,210,995 = - 2,056 Franken : 1,208,747 - 1,210,285 = - 1,538 Current Margin : 192 Precincts Recounted : 4130 of 4130
The canvassing board also voted unanimously to include the allegedly wrongfully rejected absentee ballots :
The announcement came just hours after the state Canvassing Board , which is overseeing the recount in contest between Coleman and Democrat Al Franken , voted unanimously to ask election officials in all 87 counties to identify and count improperly rejected ballots .
Board members stressed that they only have the authority to make a recommendation and not to issue an order .
Source : Minneapolis Star Tribune
Deputy Secretary of State Jim Gelbmann also suggested that there may be as many as 1,600 of these allegedly wrongfully rejected absentee ballots , or around 13 % of all rejected absentee ballots .
At this point it 's impossible to know the extent to which these rulings will favor either candidate , but the Franken campaign had long been pushing for these resolutions .
As a result , the Coleman campaign is asking the MN Supreme Court to halt the recounting of these allegedly wrongfully rejected absentee ballots " until a standard procedure is established . "
Today 's rulings place the final certification 133 votes closer , with challenges and absentee ballots still to be resolved .
Secretary of State Mark Ritchie continued to push for a reduction to the number of challenges making this remark : " Do n't make us tell you when they 're frivolous . "
He expects both campaigns to further reduce the number of challenges .
Coleman preempted this request last night by issuing his third statement relating to challenges :
Today Fritz Knaak , Senior Counsel for Coleman for Senate , announced that the campaign will be withdrawing an additional 225 ballots challenged during the hand recount .
To date , the Coleman campaign has withdrawn 1,350 challenged ballots , with the State Canvassing Board set to meet on December 16 to start reviewing ballots challenged by both campaigns .
Source : Norm Coleman For Senate
Al Franken has yet to issue a third round of withdrawals ; thus leaving his challenge numbers unchanged :
Current Withdrawn Franken : 2,220 1,058 Coleman : 2,027 1,350 Total : 4,247 2,408 Margin : 193 192
There are still 4,247 challenges yet to be resolved and an unknown number of allegedly wrongfully rejected absentee ballots possibly numbering in the 1,600 range .
The 12 sealed and uncounted absentee ballots also remain at large , although today 's ruling will likely mark their inclusion .
Combing these separate results yields a total of 5,859 outstanding and uncounted votes still to be acknowledged before the very flexible December 19th deadline .
http://antwrp.gsfc.nasa.gov/apod/image/0011/earthlights_dmsp_big.jpg
The image is a panoramic view of the world from the new space station .
It is an absolutely awesome picture of the Earth taken from the Boeing built Space Station last November on a perfect night with no obscuring atmospheric conditions .
It is a night photo with the lights clearly indicating the populated areas .
You can scroll East - West and North - South .
Note that Canada 's population is almost exclusively along the U.S. border .
Moving east to Europe , there is a high population concentration along the Mediterranean Coast .
It 's easy to spot London , Paris , Stockholm and Vienna .
Note the Nile River and the rest of Africa .
After the Nile , the lights do n't come on again until Johannesburg .
Look at the Australian Outback and the Trans - Siberian Rail Route .
Moving east , the most striking observation is the difference between North and South Korea .
Note the density of Japan .
http://antwrp.gsfc.nasa.gov/apod/ap001127.html
http://antwrp.gsfc.nasa.gov/apod/astropix.html
This blog is not affiliated in any way with the Kansas Democratic Party , the Democratic National Committee , Congresswoman Nancy Boyda , the Office of Congresswoman Nancy Boyda , or the campaign to re-elected Congresswoman Nancy Boyda .
All commentary herein not directly attributed must be considered the opinion of the authors of this blog and not of any other individual , including Congresswoman Nancy Boyda .
Digging just below the surface of the Denver Botanic Gardens can turn up all kinds of things .
The reason :
The gardens , one of the largest and most visited botanical gardens in the United States , sit atop an old cemetery .
Excavation for a new multistory parking garage at 1005 York St. came to an abrupt halt at noon today when the Denver coroner ’s office announced that an old grave had been discovered .
“ We will respond , and the bones will be removed and given to the mortuary for direct burial , ” said Michelle Weiss - Samaras , Denver ’s chief deputy coroner .
That bones were found was hardly unexpected , said Larry Conyers , an associate professor of archaeology at the University of Denver .
“ It does n’t surprise me .
That whole area used to be the city graveyard , ” said Conyers .
In 1858 , when Gen. William Larimer claim - jumped land from the Arapaho tribe to create Denver , he put the city ’s cemetery in a field now home to the current Cheesman and Congress parks and the Denver Botanic Gardens .
Conyers annually takes his students out to Cheesman Park , where he says many coffins remain buried .
“ I know where there are a whole bunch of caskets — adults and children , ” said Conyers , who is one of the world ’s leading experts in ground - penetrating radar , which he compares to a CT scan of the ground .
He tests his students to see whether they can detect the caskets below the surface .
“ I use it as a test case .
I know where they are , and I see if they can find them , ” said the archaeologist , who with his radar has found a Christian church in Tunisia , a buried Mayan farm village in El Salvador and Roman temples in Jordan .
Will Jones , spokesman for the Denver Botanic Gardens , said that excavation for the new three - story parking structure , which will hold about 320 cars , began about three weeks ago .
Because the Botanic Gardens did n’t want to block the view of people living in the surrounding neighborhood , a decision was made to have two levels below ground .
Knowing the history of the area , specifically that it used to be a cemetery , the gardens contacted the Denver coroner ’s office to coordinate efforts should graves be found , said Jones .
“ We did n’t think we ’d find anything , ” said Jones .
But the coroner ’s office said that “ if you find anything that looks like anything , stop ! ” said Jones .
So when construction workers spotted what looked like splintered wood and possible human remains at around noon , everything stopped , and the coroner ’s office was contacted .
Officials from the coroner ’s office spent about four hours at the site today , and will resume digging at the site tomorrow morning .
Jones said that about 9,000 bodies were removed from Cheesman Park , Congress Park and the Botanic Gardens area around 1950 .
But Conyers said the area is still full of caskets and corpses .
When Conyers goes to the area , he often notices lumpy depressions in the land .
The topsoil covering graveyards often appears lumpy because of collapsed wooden caskets , said Conyers .
Even in places where bodies were exhumed , refilling the hole with different soil can cause pits in the land .
Conyers said today that he has heard of people who live or work in the Cheesman - Congress Park area who have artifacts from the old graveyard .
Although he knows where caskets and bodies remain , he is n’t telling anyone where they are .
“ We let them lie in peace , ” said the archaeologist .
Howard Pankratz : 303-954-1939 or hpankratz@denverpost.com
Juror dismissed after asking Facebook friends how she should vote on trial
A female juror has been dismissed from a trial after posting details of the case on Facebook and then asking friends if they thought the defendants were guilty .
The woman posted details of the sexual assault and child abduction case on the popular social networking site .
' I do n't know which way to go , so I 'm holding a poll , ' she wrote .
Unfair trial : A female juror has been dismissed from court after she posted details of the case on her Facebook page
Under the British constitution and in the interests of a fair trial , jurors are forbidden from discussing details of cases even with their closest family members .
After the juror 's actions were discovered through an anonymous tip - off , the woman was last week removed from the case at Burnley Crown Court , Lancashire .
The trial continued with a jury of 11 people .
A Courts Service spokesman confirmed : ' A juror was dismissed from a case on November 18 for discussing a case outside the court . '
No further punishment has been announced by the Courts Service , but the woman could face action for committing common law contempt after discussing the case outside the court and jury room .
If found guilty , such an offence could lead to imprisonment or a fine .
One legal source told a national newspaper that some of the woman 's friends came back with ' guilty verdicts ' .
' Not discussing trials is one of the most important things jurors are told and is essential for a fair trial , ' the Sun was told .
Farooq Ahmed , 27 , and Hardeep Singh , 32 , both from Leicester , and Portuguese national Nelson Caldeiro - Claudino , 26 , were found not guilty of child abduction at the trial .
Ahmed and Caldeiro - Claudino were cleared of sexual activity with a girl of 14 .
Caldeiro - Claudino , who was also cleared of a serious sex assault , earlier admitted to having sex with a 12 - year - old girl and will be sentenced in December .
Rep. Paul Broun ( R - Ga. ) puts his foot firmly in his mouth , as he compares President - elect Barack Obama to Adolf Hitler and Karl Marx in an interview with the Associated Press .
From the AP :
A Republican congressman from Georgia said Monday he fears that President - elect Obama will establish a Gestapo - like security force to impose a Marxist dictatorship .
“ It may sound a bit crazy and off base , but the thing is , he ’s the one who proposed this national security force , ” Rep. Paul Broun said of Obama in an interview Monday with The Associated Press .
“ I ’m just trying to bring attention to the fact that we may — may not , I hope not — but we may have a problem with that type of philosophy of radical socialism or Marxism . ”
Broun cited a July speech by Obama that has circulated on the Internet in which the then - Democratic presidential candidate called for a civilian force to take some of the national security burden off the military .
“ That ’s exactly what Hitler did in Nazi Germany and it ’s exactly what the Soviet Union did , ” Broun said .
“ When he ’s proposing to have a national security force that ’s answering to him , that is as strong as the U.S. military , he ’s showing me signs of being Marxist . ”
comments closed
permalink
CAPE CANAVERAL , Florida ( Reuters ) - NASA , rejecting aerospace giants Lockheed and Boeing , awarded $ 3.5 billion ( 2.37 billion pounds ) in contracts to start - up companies on Tuesday to deliver cargo to the International Space Station after the U.S. space shuttles are retired .
A view of the International Space Station with the earth in the background in this view from NASA TV December 22 , 2008 .
REUTERS / NASA TV
Space Exploration Technologies ( SpaceX ) , a Hawthorne , California - based company headed by PayPal founder Elon Musk , and Dulles , Virginia - based Orbital Sciences Corp are due to start cargo shipments to and from the space station beginning in 2010 .
The $ 100 - billion orbital outpost -- being assembled in stages with modules for living and research -- is a joint project by the United States , Russia , Canada , Japan and European nations .
NASA decided to use a commercial contractor for deliveries rather than relying on the Russian Progress cargo vehicles , which help deliver supplies to the space station .
Russia will transport U.S. astronauts to and from the station on its Soyuz capsules after the shuttles are retired in 2010 .
The proposed shuttle replacement will not be ready to fly until about 2015 .
“ These commercial carriers will carry about 40 to 70 percent of our cargo to ( the ) space station , ” NASA ’s associate administrator for space flight , Bill Gerstenmaier , told reporters on a conference call .
SpaceX and Orbital Sciences beat out a Chicago - based consortium called PlanetSpace that included three of the U.S. space agency ’s prime contractors -- Lockheed Martin Corp , Boeing Co and Alliant Techsystems Inc .
SpaceX ’s contract is for 12 flights for $ 1.6 billion , while Orbital will make up to eight flights for $ 1.9 billion .
Both companies had previously been awarded NASA contracts , worth a combined $ 500 million , to develop their orbital cargo delivery systems .
SpaceX plans to launch from a complex it built at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station , beside the Kennedy Space Centre in Florida .
Orbital plans to fly from NASA ’s Wallops Island facility in Virginia .
My current employer ( Giva , Inc ) has released another jQuery plug - in today called the Linkselect jQuery Plug -in .
This plug - in converts a normal < select /> element into a component that can be highly stylized via CSS .
While there are a number of similar plug-ins already , there are a several of key differences which we think make this unique :
Drop down menus are intelligently positioned to stay in the viewport
Specifically designed to work in a limited amount of real estate
Specifically designed to work well with elements aligned on the right edge of the viewport
Full keyboard support ( emulates IE6's < select /> element )
element )
Feature rich API ( for updating value , replacing options , disabling elements , etc )
Many callback features to control behavior ( on change , on init , on format , etc . )
Supports tabindex
We 've put together an example page that demos many of the features and how to use the plug -in .
December 1 , 2003 The John Lear Briefing Scenario :
Why the Answer is “ Yes . ”
by Stephen Bassett Washington , DC  On November 12 , 2003 , researcher and accomplished aviator , John Lear , appeared on Coast to Coast AM with Art Bell .
John Lear is a most interesting man , and it was a most interesting evening .
The son of the famous creator of the Lear Jet , William Lear , John is a former Lockheed L- 1011 Captain .
He has flown over 150 test aircraft and has received every certification granted by the Federal Aviation Administration .
He also holds 18 world speed records and has worked for 28 different Aircraft Corporations .
During the late 1960 ’s , 1970's and early 1980 ’s he was a contract pilot for the CIA .
From 1985 to 1992 John plunged into a personal investigation of extraterrestrial related phenomena .
He was a friend of Robert Lazar and was on hand when Lazar broke with his Area 51 employer and began speaking out about extraordinary craft of possible extraterrestrial origin being worked on at that facility .
After seven years of research Lear stepped back from the fray admitting he was frustrated and burned out .
He had paid a heavy price for his efforts , losing two jobs and receiving various intimidations .
His research was conducted during the last years of the Cold War , when the United States government was fully intent on maintaining the “ cover - up , ” and few insiders were breaking ranks .
Lear went public with his overall findings and then withdrew from the field and the limelight .
The legacy of Lear ’s work lived on in mail lists and websites .
Eleven years passed .
Then he turned up on Art Bell with a message .
The message was in the form of a question and has come to be referred to as the John Lear Briefing Scenario .
It has been circulated extensively on the Internet .
Lear asked Art to pretend the U.S. Government had selected Art Bell to make the disclosure decision after being fully briefed on the facts surrounding the extraterrestrial presence .
As it happens , John had presented the same scenario to me the night before his appearance on Coast to Coast AM with Bell .
If these are the facts , do you authorize disclosure to the people – yay or nay ?
I answered , “ yes . ” Bell answered , “ no . ” Lear agreed with Bell .
Art ’s response was consistent with the position he has held on disclosure and repeated on his program over the years - the truth regarding the extraterrestrial presence is too disturbing and too dangerous for public consumption and should be withheld until such time as the government feels the public can deal with the facts .
And to his credit , Art acknowledged some would find this position conflicted for a man who had devoted years developing a program dedicated to providing alternative information to its listeners .
But that ’s the way he felt .
I requested an opportunity to come on Coast to Coast AM with Art or George Noory and offer the reasons why the answer to John Lear ’s Briefing Scenario must be “ yes . ”
In the meantime , here are the arguments for a “ yes ” response to the Lear Briefing Scenario .
First we need to consider the matter of “ second - hand information ” ( or third - hand , fourth - hand … ) .
In criminal law it is referred to as “ hearsay , ” and most of you know it is not admissible in court except under specific circumstances .
What someone tells you may or may not be true – and that extends to extraterrestrials .
Just because they have really , really hot vehicles and can pass through walls , does n’t mean they ca n’t lie .
There are many scenarios .
Just about every researcher has one – a well intentioned effort to describe the “ big picture . ”
It ’s irresistible .
You draw on everything you have heard , read and seen , and much of it is second - hand .
To be fair , in John Lear ’s posited scenario you are asked to assume the information to be absolutely true , then make your decision .
This is fine for the purpose of a thought experiment .
In the non-experimental , real world it is not practical .
In making a decision of such magnitude the truth or falsity of the information is of no small importance .
For those , then , who wish to use this scenario as a basis for making the real world argument against disclosure , consider this : after 56 years of research in the modern era of ufology , there are a few certainties you can take to the bank .
Two of these are : 1 ) there is an extraterrestrial presence engaging the human race , and 2 ) no one in the field of extraterrestrial related phenomena research / activism knows the big picture .
No one has it right .
If they are well intentioned and paying attention , they very likely have some of it right , a piece here and there .
And if you took all the correct pieces from all the researchers , you might have a mosaic which came close to the truth .
And the reason this is so is that everyone ’s big picture , however awful or sanguine , is composed in large measure of second - hand information , hearsay , and much of it is simply not true .
Not true because of government dispensed disinformation , well intentioned misinterpretation , outright hoaxes by private parties , simple mistake , delusion and even alien mendacity .
Thus it is that any decision to delay the truth process based upon any posited scenario has the profound deficiency of being based upon a substantial portion of false information .
In other words , because of the cover - up it is not possible to establish a fully valid scenario .
Without a valid scenario we cannot decide to end the cover -up .
This is not a circular argument the human race can afford .
Without the comfort of a valid big picture scenario , it is necessary to fall back upon first principals .
There are many , but one stands out .
Does the human race wish to move forward in ignorance and fear driven by government imposed information embargos or advance with as much truth as can be wrung from science , common sense and government files ?
There have been many arguments put forth in many forums for disclosure .
They would fill a dozen articles .
Most of you have read or heard many over the years .
Let ’s take another tack .
For those who may feel this response has been begging the question , let ’s take the heart of John Lear ’s Briefing Scenario and answer it piece by piece .
[ Lear 's scenario is shown in blue font . ]
So here 's what happened , Art .
We 'll use some videos and stills .
Our first UFO recoveries were in the late ' 30s .
We made a couple in the beginning of the ' 40s and then came Roswell , which the public found out about .
The Roswell case already approaches a 100 % public awareness quotient in the U.S. and is considered a likely crashed UFO by a majority of Americans .
Learning there were other crashed vehicles will be much like learning other U.S. corporations are cooking their books .
We got 2 live aliens from Roswell .
One died shortly there after and one lived till 1956 .
And we found out so far there are 18 different alien species that we know about monitoring Earth .
Fifty percent of the polled public already believes some UFOs are alien craft with aliens in them .
Eighteen species ?
This is probably preferable to one species .
It only confirms the galaxy to be teeming with life .
The human race is one of eighteen ( hundreds ?
thousands ? millions ? ) of sentient life forms .
They know about you , but you do n’t know about them , because a small cabal of men operating in secret believe they know what is best for the rest of humanity .
Some are good and some are hostile , most are indifferent .
This describes every nation ’s tourists .
No one would expect it to be otherwise .
We found out that we are the experimental product , if you will , of an alien race who we never met and we do n't know who they are .
The implication is genetic engineering and not the creation of life itself by aliens from inorganic matter , which if true , would be challenging , but in either case is not provable .
All we know is that the Greys are cybernetic organisms , glorified robots if you will , who work here at the behest of their employers monitoring us through abductions .
A cybernetic organism was just elected the Governor of California .
The issue of abductions is now in the public domain .
A good case can me made that more damage will occur to abductees , if the truth process is delayed .
We were never able to find out what the experiment is all about except that we have been externally corrected about 65 times .
And they , the aliens , refer to us as " Containers . "
There 's been speculation that the souls our bodies contain are the reason for the experiments .
But nothing 's been proven or determined .
The scenario itself states that soul “ containers ” are a matter of “ speculation , ” and not “ proven ” or “ determined . ”
On such speculation is the most important information in human history to be withheld from 99.9999 % of the human race ?
We have been corrected 65 times ?
Good .
One can only imagine how bad human behavior might be if there had been no corrections .
Since 1938 we 've lost over 200 aircraft due to UFO hostilities and thousands of soldiers in all kinds of different actions with aliens .
Since that time several hundred thousand civilians have disappeared with no trace .
We lost more aircraft in World War II , and at least the families knew why .
Several hundred thousand civilians have disappeared in that time frame without alien assistance .
Missing people , while tragic , is not new or shocking .
Several thousand of those were eliminated by us because of their chance encounters with the aliens which we could ill afford to have publicized .
This would be a bitter pill .
However , since “ us ” means that humans committed these atrocities and not “ all powerful aliens , ” the disclosure process would open the way to ending such actions .
A slightly more frightening phenomena known as " human mutilations " have occurred on a regular basis and are similar to " cattle mutilations " .
In that the human or humans are taken from the street , so to speak , and returned to the same area about 45 minutes to an hour later with their rectums cored out , their genitals removed , eyes removed from their sockets , and completely drained of blood .
In all cases it appeared that the mutilation procedures occurred while the persons were still alive and conscious .
One of our scientists speculates that apparently the human specimens had to be alive for the samples to be worth anything .
This is perhaps the least likely segment of the scenario to be valid .
However , if true , it would be a challenge to the public perception of safety and create serious questions regarding the social contract .
It is also true we ca n’t stop terrorism and will likely live with it indefinitely .
Who would advocate withholding all information of terrorist threats from the public in order to keep them calm ?
Thus , when large planes fly through office windows , the mess would be cleaned up and all would quickly dismiss the event as odd but unworthy of explanation ?
More importantly , who can truly estimate the defensive power of 260 million people focused on specific measures ?
Further , these kinds of “ awful truth ” examples are predicated on aliens as not simply “ all powerful , ” but “ godlike . ”
If this were true , one might wonder why it is that such all powerful , godlike beings have a disconcerting habit of crashing to the ground , being picked up by military retrieval teams and hauled off to secret bases dead on arrival ?
Abductions occur on a daily basis throughout the United States to at least 10 % of the population .
The 10 % figure would raise some eyebrows , but the abduction phenomenon is being discussed on Oprah Winfrey .
Again , it is assumed that total awareness of such a circumstance by an entire nation offers no relief .
Such a case has not been made in this scenario .
When we were first made aware this we protested to the little grey being we had held in captivity at the YY - 2 facility in Los Alamos , but a deal was struck that in exchange for advanced technology from the aliens we would allow them to abduct a very small number of persons and we would periodically be given a list of those persons abducted .
We got something less than the technology we bargained for and found the abductions exceeded by a million fold than what we had naively agreed to .
Sounds a little like the NAFTA deal .
Thanks to the need to maintain the cover - up , much of the technology is being withheld from full public use .
Thus , the public gets shortchanged twice .
The people will be angry .
They will want to replace some government personnel .
It ’s about time .
In 1954 , President Eisenhower met with a representative of another alien species at Muroc Test Center , which is now called Edwards Air Force Base .
This alien suggested that they could help us get rid of the Greys but Eisenhower turned down their offer because they offered no technology .
Perhaps a well informed public might persuade another president to take that deal .
At this point it became apparent to all involved that there was no such thing as a God , at least how the public perceives God .
Certainly some form of computer recorder stores information and an occasional miracle is displayed by the aliens to influence a religious event .
The implication here is that this information would cause people to turn away from God .
It is more likely to turn people toward God “ It became apparent ” is not exactly a convincing measure of certitude .
Many things will become apparent to many people , assuming , of course , they are included .
The influencing of religion would be an interesting component .
It would take far more specifics than what is presented here to sway committed members of formal religions .
And alien miracles aside , unless these fine off - planet beings can explain their whereabouts prior to the big bang , those comfortable with a creator god will have no trouble incorporating these interfering imps into their faith .
This so unnerved Eisenhower that he had " In God We Trust " put on paper money and coins and put in the Pledge of Allegiance to reaffirm the public belief in God .
Shortly after this it was determined in meetings between the US and the Russians that the situation was serious enough that a cold war should be manufactured as a ruse to divert attention of the public away from UFOs towards some other scary threat like the H- bomb .
It was also decided to keep the ruse secret from any elected or appointed officials within both the US and Russian governments as it took so long to vet these officials and the ruse was easier to manage if the top people did n't know about it .
A manufactured war ?
Has there been any other kind ?
One might consider a disclosure process aiming to put the government back into truth business and break down the walls of the secret empire , would be a good start toward preventing more “ manufactured ” wars and other edifices of government propaganda and manipulation .
How does encouraging and expanding the “ black world ” decrease the disruption of the actions of the “ black world ? ”
This is akin to not telling someone they have cancer in order to spare them the anxiety , while a cure is available to save them .
In the late 1950 's NASA was formed to compartmentalize , containerize , and sanitize information from all space platforms and vehicles .
We sold NASA to the public claiming that all information would belong to them but they got very little and even that was highly sanitized .
The dilemma and corruption of NASA is being dissected on several hundred websites .
Again , only disclosure will open the door to reforming this agency .
Our first efforts were to keep the public from learning about Venus .
A very similar planet to Earth and it's population is very similar to us and just as technologically advanced .
We have learned a lot from them .
Starting with the Russian Venera 1 and US Mariner 2 , we made Venus look like a lead melting , volcanic surface , spewing sulfuric acid into a pressurized atmosphere 90 times that of Earth .
And as often the case we overdid it , and we wondered why nobody asked how a parachute survived a descent into 800 - degree air .
Certainly , present life on another planet would be profoundly exciting .
But given the 25 - year public interest in Mars artifacts , a populated Venus might be anticlimactic .
Again , the public has clearly shown its belief that UFOs are extraterrestrial craft piloted by extraterrestrials .
If some are Venusians , this does not add much to their charisma .
Should they be Venus bound and not space faring , they would just be our harmless neighbors .
We set up operations in Pine Gap , Australia to preclude any prying eyes figuring out what we were up to .
We regularly eliminated through extreme prejudice anybody who was part of the operation and made the least little tiny threat about disclosure or dissatisfaction with the operation .
Again , these are the actions of humans which disclosure might prevent in the future .
Any space mission that included Mercury , Gemini , Apollo , Mariner , Voyager , Clementine , and all the rest .
All data initially came transmitted to Pine Gap then it was relayed to JPL or wherever after sanitizing .
We had a little trouble with amateur radio operators but we figured out how they could intercept these signals but we managed to deal with that .
Sequestered transmissions and the treatment of space data as classified is generally known , and the public assumes the government operates this way .
When the Russian threat began to fade we introduced Vietnam which kept the public occupied for over ten years .
The cover up and personnel to run the operation began to get bigger and bigger and required more and more money .
We were forced to inflate the defense budget , which soon not enough .
Then we got into the drug business which was still not enough .
We were the ones that looted the savings and loan industry and Wall Street to boot .
The tragedy of Vietnam , expanding black budget , growing defense expenditures , government involvement in drug smuggling and the savings and loan fiasco are all known to the public and were covered by the media .
They are all outrageous in their own right .
Learning they were tied in some way to alternative agendas such as the UFO cover - up may increase , but will not multiply , the outrage .
It is so out of control now most people want immunity and want out .
Good .
Grant them immunity and let them out .
But there is so much secrecy and so many double and triple blinds in place that it 's unlikely that this thing can ever be dismantled
The question presented by the scenario was to disclose or not to disclose .
It was not about how difficult the truth process would be .
Life is difficult .
Good government is difficult .
Major change is difficult .
Failure to rise to the difficult is how nations and empires fall .
Abraham Lincoln believed America could only fall from the inside , not form outside forces .
Such an outcome could only be accomplished with intense secrecy and systemic lying – exactly the circumstances evolving since 1947 .
And even if you give us the go ahead to spill the beans to the public it 's unlikely they will get anything more than " yes , we recovered a flying saucer and yes , there was an occupant " but that 's all we 're gonna tell ya .
Ah , but this is exactly the definition of disclosure : the formal acknowledgement of the extraterrestrial presence .
Whatever else is learned is between the people and the government .
It is a political process .
There are no guarantees , and the public might , contrary to the fundamental tenet of this scenario , go right back to sleep – hit the snooze button .
But they must have that choice .
So go ahead and roll the tape for Mr. Bell .
What you see here is what human mutilations look like .
That one was a male about 27 years old .
That one is film of dead aliens being pulled from the wreckage of a craft that crashed in Olancha , California in the '50s .
That craft you see over there was over 250 ft.
in diameter and had to be buried on the spot .
That site is in Utah near Dugway Proving Grounds .
The object you 're looking at now is the as the Kecksburg Acorn which was brought to Wright Patt in the middle '60s .
There 's Frank Drake trying to force information out of a being tied down to a stretcher .
He was supposedly from Tau Ceti .
Unless the production values are very good , this film is going straight to video .
Most kids today will find the video record does n’t measure up to the special effects standards of last year ’s game cube .
These pictures you 're looking at now are structures on the Moon .
That 's the tower in Sinus Medii and it's over seven miles tall .
And that thing over there is what we call the Colossus of Oguram ( sp ) in Mare Crisium .
We do n't know what it does but the machine itself is bigger than Brooklyn , New York .
Now those are videos of the domes covering the craters .
As you can see , some are in a very advanced state of decay .
This is old news .
These issues have been in play for three decades .
In general , artifacts on the Moon or Mars representing long past entities are the safest and least disruptive kind of information the public can learn .
These are 5 second slides of the 18 different alien species we are looking at .
That one there is the most gruesome looking .
The guards at one facility are carefully indoctrinated over several months being shown pictures similar to but not exactly like the alien .
Only when he'd been acclimatized , so to speak , of the horrible looking beings are they allowed to stand in security positions .
Before these acclimatizations were done , we had two guards die of a heart attack as the aliens came down the hallway unexpectedly .
That ’s what happens when you do n’t tell people what is going on .
The cover - up is scarier than the truth .
Since the aliens can pretty much come and go as they please , it might be nice if the people knew they were here , just to keep those heart attacks to a minimum should they decide to drop in unannounced on the Larry King Show .
And this last clip is of the Kennedy assassination .
You 've heard of the second gunman theory ?
Well , this is the second camera that recorded exactly what happened and we had 4 gunmen .
And the bottom line was that Kennedy had to go .
He insisted on releasing what little alien information we had told him about and he was trying to withdraw troops from Vietnam which we were using as a diversion for the public .
The only people upset about this will be the legion of authors with Kennedy conspiracy books in galleys with the wrong theory .
The public will appreciate finally knowing the truth .
Actually , multiply that appreciation by all the truths to be found , once the fear of looking is put aside .
After Kennedy we never told any President anything .
Nixon knew because he was briefed as VP in 1952 .
That 's how we knew where to take Jackie Gleason to Homestead Air Force Base to see the alien bodies we had in storage there .
What an odd America the secrecy cabal wants – a place where the greatest scientists in the world must be kept in the dark for their own good , while a television comic gets to see alien bodies .
While this is compatible with a paradigm where Arnold Schwarzenegger becomes governor of California and Dennis Miller has to ward off demands he run for the Senate , do you really want to say “ no ” to disclosure and maintain such a status quo ?
There you have it .
When you break it down , it does n’t seem so frightening , does it ?
Other scenarios are out there .
Break them down as well .
The answer will be the same .
No disrespect is aimed at John Lear .
All of these responses are debatable .
But at the core of the most profound transition in history is a question being asked of every living human , whether they are as yet aware or not : do you want to build your life and your nation with truths or lies ?
History has been quite consistent on the outcomes .
Those who choose lies are diminished or even destroyed .
Those who choose truths persevere or even flourish .
Choose truth .
Say “ yes ” to disclosure .
Back to Article Index
Back to the Paradigm Clock Hub Page Copyright © 2003 Stephen Bassett
With modernity crumbling , our thoughts turn to antiquity .
The decline and fall of the American Empire echoes the experience of the Romans , who also tumbled into the trap of becoming overleveraged empire hussies .
As our sand - castle economy washes away under the tide of bad gambles and debts , this most self - indulgent society lurches toward stoicism ( even bankrupt Iceland gives us the cold shoulder and turns to a solvent superpower ) .
It ’s going to require more than giving up constant infusions of stocks , Starbucks and Botox .
As Seneca , the Roman Stoic who advised treating the body “ somewhat strictly , ” wrote in a letter : “ Avoid whatever is approved of by the mob , and things that are the gift of chance .
Whenever circumstance brings some welcome thing your way , stop in suspicion and alarm ... They are snares .
... we think these things are ours when in fact it is we who are caught .
That track leads to precipices ; life on that giddy level ends in a fall . ”
The study of Latin and Greek , with illuminations on morality , philosophy , mob rule and chariot races , reached a nadir in the greedy ‘ 80s and ‘ 90s , when it seemed irrelevant for kids who yearned to be investment bankers and high - tech millionaires .
But now we ’ve learned the hard way that greed is bad  avaritia mala est  and the classics have staged a comeback .
Amo Latinam , so I was happy to see last week ’s Times story about the soaring enrollment for Latin classes in New York .
Same - sex marriage backers hit Capitol , churches Pride and protest : Same - sex - marriage backers demand justice outside Capitol , churches
The backlash against the state 's new ban on gay and lesbian marriage intensified over the weekend , with thousands of people gathering around the Bay Area and California during mostly peaceful protests .
Supporters of same - sex marriage questioned whether they had done enough before Tuesday 's vote on Proposition 8 and expressed hope that it would be tossed out by the state Supreme Court .
They also promised to take the issue back to the ballot .
About 2,500 people gathered on the Capitol steps Sunday afternoon after a noisy , three - hour rally against the marriage ban .
About 400 assembled outside Oakland 's Mormon Temple , forcing Highway Patrol officers to temporarily close two Highway 13 ramps to protect the marchers .
" I did n't see it coming , " said Joe West , who traveled from San Francisco for the Sacramento demonstration .
" It was like a punch in the gut .
We worked so hard to bring change in this election , and then this happens . "
" If I 'd known if was going to be so close , I would have made more phone calls , " added Brendan Bishop of Sacramento .
John Havens of Walnut Creek stood with other protesters gathered outside the Oakland Mormon Temple to protest the passage of Proposition 8 on Sunday , November 9 , 2008 in Oakland , Calif .
John Havens of Walnut Creek stood with other protesters gathered outside the Oakland Mormon Temple to protest the passage of Proposition 8 on Sunday , November 9 , 2008 in Oakland , Calif .
Photo : Lea Suzuki , The Chronicle Photo : Lea Suzuki , The Chronicle Image 1 of / 25 Caption Close Same - sex marriage backers hit Capitol , churches 1 / 25 Back to Gallery
The weekend of protests started Friday evening in San Francisco when about 1,000 people gathered , some clogging rush - hour traffic .
The state 's largest event was held in San Diego with about 10,000 protesters Saturday .
On Sunday , hundreds gathered outside Saddleback Church in Lake Forest ( Orange County ) , an evangelical megachurch that had pushed for the ban , which was approved by 52 percent of voters .
Covering state Capitol steps
At the Sacramento protest , the crowd covered the Capitol steps and spilled into the surrounding park .
Dozens of rainbow gay pride banners waved , along with hundreds of the blue and white " Vote No on Prop. 8 " signs left over from the campaign .
There were hundreds more homemade signs , broadcasting the feelings of those left shocked and disappointed by the election results .
" Hatred is Not a Family Value , " one said .
" Love Will Prevail , " another added .
" I'm Embarrassed to be a Californian , " a third read .
Opponents of the same - sex marriage ban have filed a challenge to the new constitutional amendment with the California Supreme Court , arguing that the rights guaranteed by the court in a May decision overturning a 2000 same - sex marriage ban can't be overturned by a simple ballot measure .
Republican Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger , an opponent of Prop. 8 , expressed support for the court challenge on CNN's " Late Edition " Sunday , calling the measure 's passage " unfortunate . "
" But it is not the end because I think this will go back into the courts , " the governor said .
" It 's the same as in the 1948 ( California ) case when blacks and whites were not allowed to marry .
This falls into the same category . "
Supporters of Prop. 8 argue that the legal challenge is little more than a desperate attempt to overturn the will of California voters .
It 's more than that , said Dennis Mangers , a former Orange County legislator who will take over next month as chief of staff to state Sen.
Darrell Steinberg , D - Sacramento .
" It 's very clear we 're not going to take no for an answer , " said Mangers , who married his longtime partner this year .
" If necessary , we 'll go back to the ballot ... and give the voters of California another chance . "
In Oakland , the loud and peaceful protest outside the Mormon Temple included dozens of gay and lesbian couples whose marriages are in limbo .
They said they wanted to openly display their anguish to people who pushed to ban same - sex marriage .
Inside the gates of the huge temple , church officials asked protesters to accept the will of the voters .
But the anger over Prop. 8 only seems to be growing .
" I do n't think people thought it was going to pass , " said Carrie Blanche , 52 , an Alameda schoolteacher who got married Oct. 29 .
Blanche and others said they were focusing anger on the church because of its endorsement of Prop. 8 and the subsequent rush of campaign donations by members .
Some of those who gathered advocated for a boycott of travel to Utah , the home of the Mormon church , and of Mormon - owned businesses .
Mormons feel singled out
Tim DeBenedictis , a protest organizer from San Francisco , said the actions were warranted , even though he noted that some Mormons support same - sex marriage and not all Utah residents are church members .
" To affect large social change , you have to make difficult decisions , " he said .
A spokesman for the church , which moved some of its services to other locations Sunday because of the protest , said Mormons have been unfairly singled out .
" We do n't normally get involved in anything political , " said Don Eaton , who directs public affairs for the church in most of the Bay Area .
" However , on certain things that are considered moral issues , we do get involved . "
Eaton said calls for boycotts amounted to discrimination and doubted such a strategy would be tolerated if it was aimed at another major religion .
" We 're an easy target , " he said .
Sold as ' non-lethal , ' Tasers killed 400 in US , Canada since 2001 Andrew McLemore
Published : Saturday December 13 , 2008
Print This Email This
They are marketed as non-lethal weapons that allow police to capture suspects or criminals without causing any permanent harm .
Former New York Mayor Rudolph Giuliani and businessman Bernard Kerik made millions selling the idea to police departments across the country .
But Tasers have killed more than 400 people in the United States and Canada since 2001 , according to a new study commissioned by the Canadian Broadcasting Corp .
Police departments across Canada began banning use of Tasers by their officers after the report found that Tasers deliver more power than the manufacturer says is possible .
It is unknown if U.S. police departments will follow suit .
The study includes a medical analysis that concluded someone shot with a Taser could face as high as a 50 percent chance of cardiac arrest .
The Taser company , however , still says its weapons can't kill .
" It is unfortunate that false allegations based on scientifically flawed data can create such uncertainty , " Steve Tuttle , a Taser vice president , told The Arizona Republic .
Stories of Taser - related deaths have stacked up over the years , many involving police officers who never realized the harm their Taser could cause .
A man described as " emotionally disturbed " fell to his death after police Tasered him on a fire escape .
Not long after , the officer who gave the order took a Glock 9 mm from the locker room and shot himself in the head .
Earlier this week , police Tasered a man who had gone into Diabetic shock while driving .
The officers later said they felt " extremely bad " about shocking him when they realized he was n't drunk or high but in need of medical attention .
" Taser 's marketing coup has been to convince consumers that there is such a thing as a gun that wo n't kill , " AlterNet reported .
On the Taser Web site , a marketing slogan reads : " Who says safety can't be stylish ? "
Disney reported a sharp decline in hotel bookings in its theme parks
Entertainment company Walt Disney has reported lower - than - expected profits for the fourth quarter after feeling the effects of the economic slowdown .
The firm reported net earnings of $ 760 m ( £ 485 m ) , down from $ 870 m a year ago .
Revenue grew to $ 9.45 bn from $ 8.93bn .
" Consumer confidence is the lowest we 've seen in over three decades , " said chief executive Robert Iger .
Disney reported a sharp drop in hotel bookings and the tougher advertising climate hit its television networks .
Disney owns the ESPN and ABC television networks as well as theme parks and resorts
Its fourth - quarter results were also hit by a bad debt charge , as the firm set aside cash to deal with the consequences of the bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers .
Mr Iger predicted tough times ahead because of lower consumer spending despite " great demand in the marketplace " .
" That could impact us possibly during the holiday season but almost certainly during calendar season 2009 , " he added .
It takes half a million dollars per year to maintain each sergeant in combat in Iraq .
Thanks to a Senate committee inquiry , an authoritative government study finally details the costs of keeping boots on the ground .
The Congressional Budget Office ( CBO ) , in its report Contractors ’ Support of U.S. Operations in Iraq , compared the costs of maintaining a Blackwater professional armed guard versus the U.S. military providing such services itself .
Both came in at about $ 500,000 per person per year .
News reports of the study have largely focused on the total cost of U.S. contractors .
The 190,000 contractors in Iraq and neighboring countries , from cooks to truck drivers , have cost U.S. taxpayers $ 100 billion from the start of the war through the end of 2008 .
Overlooked in this media coverage has been the sheer cost per soldier of keeping the army in Iraq .
This per-soldier cost is more comprehensible and alarming than the rather abstract aggregate figure .
Whether in maintaining U.S. soldiers or private - sector contractors , the costs of occupation are enormous .
With no end in sight , unending foreign wars do have one clear consequence : the eventual bankruptcy of the United States .
Breaking Down the Costs
The cost of a sergeant is complicated to calculate .
His or her actual cash pay is $ 51,000 - $ 69,000 per year , which puts sergeant pay in the middle of the pay grade , according to another CBO report , Evaluating Military Compensation .
Non-cash benefits  pensions , medical care , child care , housing , commissaries  likely double this amount , even during peacetime .
Pensions are the biggest ticket item .
The average retirement benefit for a soldier or sailor who stays in for 20 years equals $ 2.6 million , if he or she lives to the age of 77 ( though most soldiers do n’t stay in the service long enough to get this benefit ) .
A major portion of the $ 500,000 figure comes from the “ support staff ” and rotation system that allows for recuperation , training , and accumulated vacations after each year in combat .
It ’s allocated on the basis of one or two sergeants in the United States backing up each one overseas .
The CBO report does not , however , factor in bonuses for re-enlistment , which offers tens of thousands of dollars for soldiers with special skills .
Nor does the report calculate operating or equipment costs per soldier .
The $ 500,000 figure applies to personnel costs alone .
“ Support staff ” refers to headquarters management and specialized skills supervising the enlisted men .
To make the comparison the CBO identified a hypothetical Army unit that could deliver roughly the same caliber of men as the Blackwater guards .
This “ would require about one - third of an Army light infantry battalion  a rifle company plus one - third of the battalion ’s headquarters company . ”
This support staff would “ include not only command elements , but also medics , scouts , snipers , and others who functionally correspond to some of Blackwater ’s supervisory and specialized personnel . ”
Contractors , meanwhile , are increasingly filling the roles once played by U.S. Army personnel .
In terms of total costs , the CBO points out that there are about an equal number of contractors as soldiers , the highest proportion for any war in American history .
However , only 20 % are U.S. citizens .
And most contractors , for example kitchen personnel , are paid much less than the guards who earn $ 1,222 per day .
The report also notes that their contracts allow for much more flexibility and shorter assignments than what regular Army soldiers cost the government .
Thousands , not Billions
The studies are only for personnel .
They do n’t include the long - term costs of care for disabled and handicapped veterans .
They do n’t include the costs of replacing or maintaining equipment .
Nor do they factor in the costs for allies ’ supplies and training or the cost of interest on all the borrowed billions used to fight the war .
That ’s how Joseph Stiglitz and Linda Bilmes reached the astronomical cost estimate approaching $ 3 trillion for Iraq and Afghanistan .
That study estimated actual yearly cost per soldier in the field at $ 400,000 , a number comparable to the CBO estimate for sergeants .
Perhaps the accountants who did the CBO study were themselves surprised at the costs of fielding an American army .
Their objective was only to analyze the costs of hiring guards at $ 500,000 a year , compared to fielding soldiers .
The study only incidentally shows the individual costs of American occupation forces facing resistance .
Given these costs , which are only part of a military budget and other defense expenditures that approach a trillion dollars , it ’s easy to see how the wars are bankrupting America .
Washington has borrowed the money , and the impact can already be felt in the dollar ’s declining value and America ’s deteriorating infrastructure .
The national debt , since the war started , has increased from six to nine trillion dollars .
Ancient Rome simply taxed its citizens into ruin and clipped the coinage to pay for its armies .
Higher taxes , a lower standard of living , and unending wars will drive us to the same end .
Reprinted with permission from Foreign Policy in Focus .
Please type the words below to continue
In order to prevent automated abuse of the service , please verify you are a human by typing the words below :
NOTE : Premium users should not be seeing this message .
If you subscribe to the premium version , please login to your Plagiarism Checker account to avoid seeing this screen .
We have talked extensively on the blog about how society has constructed a gender binary system of male and female , we are each expected to fit the roles of our biological sex .
For the majority of people this is a non-issue and they conform well or closely to their aligned role .
Some people who are intersexual do not have a clear biological sex , they are to some degree male and female internally , externally or both , and this can pose a dilemna for how they self - identify with regards to gender identity .
The other group of people are transgender , they are biologically male or female but their identity does not match their body parts and so they seek to bring harmony between their mind and body through either living as or having elective surgery / hormones to bring their mind / body closer to their gender identity .
This brings us to the subject of Genderqueer AKA Third Gendered / Intergender , which has been gaining steam as a movement but also as an alternative label for self - identification .
These are individuals who do n't want to self - identify as male or female .
Some identify more with one gender than the other but live a line of blurred gender .
For example a muscular biological male who is athletic but feels comfortable putting make up on , would be an example of someone who is blurring the gender roles , or a womyn who seeks to wear a dress yet also take testosterone to develop more masculine features .
Individuals who self - identify as gender queer may consider themselves to be both male and female , androgynous , being neither male or female , or falling completely outside of the gender binary spectrum .
Queer is a broad terminology that encompasses different identities and thus genderqueer can be a range of different gender identities in which people experience .
How do I deal with someone who is Genderqueer ?
Please never presuppose someones gender if you are uncertain , it is better to ask how they feel comfortable with you referring to them as opposed to you putting a label on them .
It can be a simple question of asking name and what pronouns they feel comfortable with .
Genderqueer Pronouns
Some genderqueer people may feel more comfortable being referred to by a more prominent gender role they seek such as he / his / him , or she / her , hers .
Others however may prefer a gender neutral terminology such as " ze " , " per " , " zir " , " sie " and " hir " , " zhe " , " hir " , " zes " or singular " they " instead of her / his .
Other individuals feel comfortable alternating between the masculine / feminine pronouns .
There is not one clear cut answer since genderqueers as a group comprise of several gender identities and each person has their own unique variation .
What is their sexual orientation ?
This is a common question .
First , its important to note that sexual orientation and gender identity are completely seperate .
You can be a butch female and be heterosexual , or an adrogynous bisexual .
The way we express our gender is seperate from our sexual orientation , ex : take Ru Paul a famous drag queen who self - identifies as heterosexual .
Intergender people may be straight , gay , lesbian , bisexual , queer , or asexual .
Some genderqueer people prefer to see themselves as pansexuals which means they are open to all genders sexually .
Thus someone who is pansexual would have no problem being in a relationship with someone who is male , female , genderqueer , or transgender .
Thank you for your openness on gender variant people and please seek to spread knowledge and love on the subject matter and on other issues of importance to the broader Queer community .
Below are some helpful links on / for the Genderqueer community :
http://www.genderqueerrevolution.com/
http://unitedgenders.org/
http://androgyne.0catch.com/
http://www.t-vox.org/index.php?title=Main_Page
Some YouTube videos on the subject :
Scores of Hollywood folk came to Davies Symphony Hall last night to remember Paul Newman , who passed away recently , by performing a staged reading of " The World of Nick Adams , " an adaptation by A. E. Hotchner of some of Ernest Hemingway 's early autobiographical stories .
The benefit also honored The Painted Turtle -- or as Gavin Newsom called it , " The Purple Turtle , " which sounds just as fun ! -- a camp and family care center for children with life - threatening illnesses .
Also , rumor has it Fred Phelps and his hateful clan were out in front of Davies protesting the life of Paul Newman to make some sort of inane and insane point .
But we 'll chalk up their protest as yet another reason to love Newman .
Turing machines : an Introduction
Contents
What is a Turing machine ?
What is a busy beaver ?
What are busy beavers used for ?
Last update : July 2008
What is a Turing machine ?
A Turing machine has a two - way infinite tape , made of cells .
In each cell , there is a symbol .
There is a finite number of symbols , denoted by 0 , 1 , ...
The symbol 0 is the blank symbol .
Initially , the Turing machine holds a finite input .
This input is a string of symbols , for example : 101001 .
The other cells of the tape hold blank symbols .
In the kind of machine we consider , the input can contain the blank symbol 0 . . . . 0 0 1 0 1 0 0 1 0 0 . . .
In each cell , there is a .
There is a finite number of symbols , denoted by 0 , 1 , ...
The symbol 0 is the .
Initially , the Turing machine holds a finite .
This input is a string of symbols , for example : 101001 .
The other cells of the tape hold blank symbols .
In the kind of machine we consider , the input can contain the blank symbol 0 . A Turing machine has a tape head .
With this tape head , the machine can read and write on the tape .
The tape head moves one cell left or right at each step .
These directions are denoted by L and R .
In the kind of machine we consider , the tape head cannot keep still .
Initially , the tape head scans the leftmost symbol of the input .
With this tape head , the machine can read and write on the tape .
The tape head moves one cell left or right at each step .
These are denoted by and .
In the kind of machine we consider , the tape head cannot keep still .
Initially , the tape head scans the leftmost symbol of the input .
A Turing machine has a finite number of states .
The states are denoted by A , B , C , ...
In addition to these states , there is a special state , the halting state , denoted by H .
Initially , the state is A , so A is called the initial state .
Below , you can see the initial configuration of a Turing machine on the input 101001 : . . . 0 0 A 1 0 1 0 0 1 0 0 . . .
The position of the tape head is indicated by writing the current state on the scanned cell .
.
The states are denoted by A , B , C , ...
In addition to these states , there is a special state , the , denoted by H. Initially , the state is A , so A is called the .
Below , you can see the initial configuration of a Turing machine on the input 101001 :
The position of the tape head is indicated by writing the current state on the scanned cell .
A Turing machine has a next move function .
The next move function says that , when the machine is in state q and scans symbol a on a cell , then the machine writes a symbol b instead of a , moves one cell in the direction left or right , and enters state p .
We suppose that , when the machine stops , it writes a 1 , moves right , and enters state H .
The next move function is given by a table .
For example , we give below the table of a machine from Lin and Rado , with 3 states A , B , C , and 2 symbols 0 , 1 , and the computation of this machine on an initially blank tape .
0 1 A 1RB 1RH B 0RC 1RB C 1LC 1LA initially . . . 0 0 0 A0 0 0 0 0 0 0 . . . step 1 . . . 0 0 0 1 B0 0 0 0 0 0 . . . step 2 . . . 0 0 0 1 0 C0 0 0 0 0 . . . step 3 . . . 0 0 0 1 C0 1 0 0 0 0 . . . step 4 . . . 0 0 0 C1 1 1 0 0 0 0 . . . step 5 . . . 0 0 A0 1 1 1 0 0 0 0 . . . step 6 . . . 0 0 1 B1 1 1 0 0 0 0 . . . step 7 . . . 0 0 1 1 B1 1 0 0 0 0 . . . step 8 . . . 0 0 1 1 1 B1 0 0 0 0 . . . step 9 . . . 0 0 1 1 1 1 B0 0 0 0 . . . step 10 . . . 0 0 1 1 1 1 0 C0 0 0 . . . step 11 . . . 0 0 1 1 1 1 C0 1 0 0 . . . step 12 . . . 0 0 1 1 1 C1 1 1 0 0 . . . step 13 . . . 0 0 1 1 A1 1 1 1 0 0 . . . step 14 . . . 0 0 1 1 1 H1 1 1 0 0 . . .
The machine stops in 14 steps , leaving 6 symbols 1 on the tape .
Formal mathematical definition .
Let S = { 0,1 , ...} be the finite set of symbols , and let Q = { A , B , ...} be the finite set of states .
Then the next move function is a mapping
d : Q × S --->
S × { L , R} × Q or { ( 1 , R , H ) } .
For example , if d( A,0 ) = ( 1 , R , B ) , then it means that , when the machine is in state A scanning symbol 0 on a cell , then it replaces 0 by 1 on this cell , moves one cell right , and enters state B .
What is a busy beaver ?
Consider Turing machines with fixed numbers of states and symbols .
If there are k states and n symbols , then the number of possible next move functions , or possible tables , is ( 2kn+1 ) kn .
Thus , there are ( 2kn+1 ) kn Turing machines with k states and n symbols .
Each of them can be launched on a blank tape , that is a tape with symbols 0 in all cells .
Then some of them never stop , and the other ones eventually stop .
Those which stop are called busy beavers .
If there are k states and n symbols , then the number of possible next move functions , or possible tables , is ( 2kn+1 ) .
Thus , there are ( 2kn+1 ) Turing machines with k states and n symbols .
Each of them can be launched on a blank tape , that is a tape with symbols 0 in all cells .
Then some of them never stop , and the other ones eventually stop .
Those which stop are called .
Busy beavers compete in two competitions : to take the most time to stop , to leave the most non -blank symbols on the tape when stopping .
We denote by s( M ) the time taken by busy beaver M , and by sigma ( M ) the number of non-blank symbols left on the tape by M. We denote by S( k , n ) the time taken by the busy beaver with k states and n symbols which takes the most time to stop :
S( k , n ) = max { s ( M ) : M is a busy beaver with k states and n symbols}
We denote by Sigma( k , n ) the number of non-blank symbols left on the tape by the busy beaver with k states and n symbols which leaves the most non-blank symbols on the tape when stopping : Sigma( k , n ) = max { sigma ( M ) : M is a busy beaver with k states and n symbols}
We denote by the time taken by busy beaver M , and by the number of non -blank symbols left on the tape by M .
We denote by the time taken by the busy beaver with k states and n symbols which takes the most time to stop :
We denote by the number of non -blank symbols left on the tape by the busy beaver with k states and n symbols which leaves the most non-blank symbols on the tape when stopping : Example : the Lin and Rado's Turing machine given above , with 3 states and 2 symbols , takes 14 steps to stop , and leaves 6 symbols 1 on the tape when stopping .
So here : s( M ) = 14 and sigma( M ) = 6 .
This machine is the winner for the most non-blank symbols left on the tape , so we have Sigma ( 3,2 ) = 6 .
It is not the winner for the most time : another machine takes 21 steps to stop , and we have S ( 3,2 ) = 21 .
What are busy beavers used for ?
In 1936 , Turing defined Turing machines as a universal model of computation on natural numbers .
This means that all computable functions you can imagine can be computed by a Turing machine .
Other authors ( Church , Kleene , Post , Markov ) defined other models of computation , but these models compute the same functions as Turing machines .
So it is currently assumed that " computable " means " computable by a Turing machine " .
This assumption is called Church 's Thesis , or , more accurately , Church - Turing Thesis .
on natural numbers .
This means that all computable functions you can imagine can be computed by a Turing machine .
Other authors ( Church , Kleene , Post , Markov ) defined other models of computation , but these models compute the same functions as Turing machines .
So it is currently assumed that " computable " means " computable by a Turing machine " .
This assumption is called , or , more accurately , .
Then , how to find a non-computable function ?
Such a function can be defined from a model of computation by an abstract device called diagonalization method .
But usually this method does not give an explicit function .
Here enter busy beavers .
?
Such a function can be defined from a model of computation by an abstract device called .
But usually this method does not give an explicit function .
Here enter busy beavers .
In 1962 , Rado defined busy beaver competition .
He considered Turing machines with 2 symbols , and defined the functions S( n,2 ) and Sigma( n , 2 ) .
He proved that these functions are not computable .
Moreover , these functions grow faster than any computable function ( that is , for any computable function f , there is an integer N such that , for all n > N , we have S( n , 2 ) > f( n ) ) .
The definitions of functions S( n,2 ) and Sigma( n , 2 ) are explicit enough to allow their computations for small n .
The promise is to get quickly large numbers .
So winning busy beavers are simply definable machines with complex behavior .
That 's why they are interesting .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
A federal judge Monday issued an order that may help investors swindled by what appears to be the largest Ponzi scheme in history recover some of their money .
The order , which was signed by Judge Louis Stanton in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York , said customers of Bernard Madoff Investment Securities LLC are " in need of the protection " under the Securities Investor Protection Act of 1970 .
SIPA created the Securities Investor Protection Corporation , a nonprofit that maintains a fund aimed at protecting investor funds from being mishandled if their broker defaults .
SIPC differs from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation , which insures all depositorsof failed banks against loss up to a certain dollar limit .
SIPC does not bail out investors but rather replaces " missing stocks and other securities , " when a brokerage is closed .
SIPC typically will go to a federal judge and request a trustee be appointed to liquidate the firm .
( Click here to read more )
SIPC has a reserve of slightly more than $ 1 billion , according to its Web site
As part of his ruling , the judge named New York lawyer Irving Picard as trustee for the liquidation of the business and ordered that the proceedings be moved to bankruptcy court .
Federal prosecutors have charged Madoff for securities fraud that could result in huge losses at financial firms worldwide , charities and individual investors .
The total cost of the fraud has been estimated at nearly $ 3 billion .
Earlier today , in Keynesian Claptrap From PIMCO
I spoke of the ridiculousness of the paradox of thrift .
Here two more articles worth your time reading that rebut the seemingly never ending Keynesian Claptrap coming from the likes of Bernanke , Paulson , PIMCO , Roubini , and Krugman .
I make the above statement with one reservation .
Nouriel Roubini has called this economic disaster as well as anyone .
I commend him for many brilliant calls .
However I simply cannot sit back and say nothing about the barrage of bad economic thinking in regards to the solution to this crisis coming from everyone in the group above .
With that out of the way , let 's continue with a review of an article by Austrian economist Frank Shostak about the paradox of deleveraging .
Had I seen it earlier , it would have been included in my previous analysis .
Shostak is asking Is Deleveraging Bad for the Economy ?
Is it true that if every bank were to attempt to " fix " its balance sheet , the collective outcome would be disastrous for the real economy ?
On the contrary , by adjusting their balance sheet to true conditions , banks would lay the foundation for a sustained economic recovery .
After all , by trimming their lending , banks by implication also curtail the expansion of credit " out of thin air . "
As we have seen , it is this type of credit that weakens wealth generators and hence leads to economic impoverishment .
Contrary to the proponents of the " paradox of deleveraging " we can only conclude that if every bank were to aim at fixing its balance sheet , in the process curtailing the expansion of credit " out of thin air , " this would lay the foundation for a healthy economic recovery .
Trying to get Something for Nothing
As if Paul Krugman winning the Nobel Prize in economics is n't reason enough for us to be less - than - sanguine about the future , everywhere we look we see well - respected analysts advocating increased government regulation and spending -- effectively the same policies that transformed a financial crisis into a drawn - out depression during the 1930s -- while completely ignoring the root of today 's problems .
....
Whether the advocates of increased government spending and the various other re-inflation policies realize it or not , at the root of their proposed ' solutions ' to the crisis is the idea that it is possible to get something for nothing .
It is axiomatic that an increase in production must precede a sustained increase in consumption ; that saving is the basis of long - term economic growth ; that no individual can become rich by spending more than he earns ; and that no country can become wealthy , or recover from a recession , by consuming more than it produces .
And yet , most commentators have deluded themselves into believing that you can get around the problem of inadequate real savings by simply increasing the supply of the medium of exchange , and that you can bypass the need for increased consumption to be funded by increased production by simply getting the government to spend like a drunken sailor .
Bush 's Conference of Losers Revisited
In response to the Credit crisis president Bush is gathering up all the people who did not see what was coming , denied what was happening , and then failed to see the implications of what was indeed happening .
...
Instead of holding a summit of losers , why not hold a summit for those who saw the mess coming and are far more likely to know what to do than those who did not see this mess coming .
There is one more gotcha to the summit of winners ideas .
That problem is that a few of the people that did indeed see this crisis coming are proposing the same failed Keynesian policies that brought about this crisis in the first place .
Krugman and Roubini need to be excluded from the summit of winners .
Saville Added To Circle Of Winners
Something For Nothing
Kevin Depew Added To Circle Of Winners
One Last Thing
Of course , there is a last resort , one final tool policymakers can deploy .
The Fed and Fiscal Policy could come together to help foster a continuation of the game , as Bernanke says :
" [ I ]n lieu of tax cuts or increases in transfers the government could increase spending on current goods and services or even acquire existing real or financial assets .
If the Treasury issued debt to purchase private assets and the Fed then purchased an equal amount of Treasury debt with newly created money , the whole operation would be the economic equivalent of direct open - market operations in private assets . "
Yes , that would help ... but the costs are not mentioned , and here we are not referring to the " dollar costs , " but something more severe ; a steeper price - the nationalization of financial markets .
In plain English , that paragraph is saying that , if all else fails , a government can issue public debt , financed by the Federal Reserve , to purchase private assets .
And that is precisely what is taking place right now .
At that point the very question of whether capitalism survives becomes irrelevant , because a government , by issuing public debt to buy private assets , will have effectively concluded it .
Mr. Practical Added To Circle Of Winners
Circle of Winners
Ron Paul
Marc Faber
Peter Schiff
Frank Shostak
Steve Saville
Kevin Depew
Mr. Practical
The Japanese Deflation Fighting Experiment
Peak Credit Review
Peak credit has been reached .
That final wave of consumer recklessness created the exact conditions required for its own destruction .
The housing bubble orgy was the last hurrah .
It is not coming back and there will be no bigger bubble to replace it .
Consumers and banks have both been burnt , and attitudes have changed .
It took nearly 80 years for people to get as reckless as they did in 1929 . 80 years !
Few are still alive that went through the great depression .
No one listened to them .
That is the nature of the game .
The odds of a significant bout of inflation now are about the same as they were in 1929 .
Next to none .
Children whose parents are being destroyed by debt now , will keep those memories for a long time .
something for nothing
Technical glitches could disqualify up to half the ballots from troops in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Now You See It – Now You Don’t !
Long known as the Magician of Wall Street , the following is a fictionalized account of how Alan Greenspan , magically made America ’s life savings disappear and diverted our attention from global warming .
The poster hung by the entrance , features two well dressed and serious looking men , and promises everyone “ The Most Amazing Show on Earth ” .
Mr. Greenspan and his young assistant , will perform “ Feats of Financial Folly ” , watch as entire economies disappear before your very eyes !
Open to the public – everyone welcome .
Price of admission – your life savings .
Join us now as we enter the theater to watch the final act of this most incredible performance .
The audience has seen some amazing things already , and sensing the climax are all hushed , as the amazing Mr. Greenspan addresses the audience .
“ Ladies and gentlemen , you have seen how our volunteer from the audience , and everyone let ’s give Mr. America a round of applause , gave us one dollar .
Which he kindly removed from his wallet at the beginning of the show . ”
Everyone politely claps for Mr. America .
The Amazing Greenspan continues , “ And you all saw how my trusted assistant Mr. Bernanke , please everyone if you do n’t mind , a show of appreciation to the efforts of Mr. Bernanke , took Mr. Americas dollar and placed it into this solid box . ”
The audience murmurs and nods .
Another volunteer , a man who appeared to be an auditor by trade , had been summoned from the audience to examine the box , and had declared it to be solid and empty .
“ And ladies and gentlemen , you witnessed did you not , how with a few magic spells , when the box was re-opened , Mr. America ’s one dollar bill had magically turned into a one hundred dollar bill ? ”
Mr. Greenspan , ever the show man , loudly exclaims to the incredulous audience as they cheer and hoot their approval .
Mr. Bernanke beams on the sideline and dreams of one day being as skilled a performer as the old master .
Mr. Greenspan quiets the crowd and lowers his voice solemnly .
“ Now I shall perform the grand finale of the evening .
Mr. America if you would be so kind as to allow me your services for one final trick ? ”
Mr. America steps back onto the stage , flushed with excitement , the one hundred dollar bill remains in the box .
“ Mr. Bernanke , if you would please bring over the magic box , and Mr. America if you would kindly open your hand . ”
The Amazing Greenspan proceeds to lift open the box and removes the one hundred dollar bill .
Taking the one hundred dollar bill between the fingers of his two hands , the Amazing Greenspan holds the bill up in the air , and allows the audience plenty of time to appreciate the reality of the note .
“ Now Mr. America , ” the Amazing Greespan says rather heavily as he tries to get the attention of his volunteer .
Mr. America , his eyes fixated on the one hundred dollar bill , imagines all the things he can buy with the money , and mutely nods in agreement .
“ This is a one hundred dollar bill , is it not ? ” asks the magician .
“ Uh-uh . ” Comes the reply .
Not a very intelligent response , but understandable , given the circumstances .
“ I am going to place this one hundred dollar bill into your right hand , if you could please turn and face the audience so everyone can see me place the one hundred bill into your open hand , excellent , excellent , right there , if you keep your hand open and level , perfect Mr. America . ”
As Mr. America faces the audience , his sweaty trembling hand opened and empty , Mr. Greenspan neatly folds the one hundred dollar bill in order to fit it snugly into his palm .
Sensing the impatience of the audience , the amazing Greenspan quickly places the bill into Mr. America ’s right hand , and instructs him to close it tightly .
“ Mr. America , can you feel the one hundred dollar bill in your hand ? ”
He asks a visibly excited volunteer .
“ Yes , yes , I can ! ” A smiling Mr. Greenspan produces a cane and waves it over the hand holding the note .
“ I am now going to recite a short magical statement . ”
Squinting very hard , and holding the cane over Mr. America ’s trembling hand , the financial sorcerer casts his spell .
“ Economy fluxo , liquidity transparente , inflation alto digitatus , recession imminent ! ”
His words echo through the room , no one in attendance quite understands their meaning , it is a language known only to the wise one .
With a moment of silence for added effect , the distinguished crowd edges up on their seats , and crane their necks for a better view .
“ Would you please open your hand Mr. America . ” Instructs the Amazing Greenspan .
Hesitating for only a moment , not sure what to expect , Mr. America does as he is told .
An audible gasp engulfs the room , Mr. America looks down at his hand .
“ But , but , it ’s gone . ” Mr. America semi-coherently begins mumbling .
And as rehearsed , the Amazing Greenspan ’s assistant Bernanke rushes forward , beside a befuddled Mr. America , and gestures toward the master .
“ Ladies and gentlemen – the Amazing Greenspan ! ”
The audience is stunned , they have never seen a trick such as this , this is indeed magic !
Not wanting to appear fools , they rise from their seats and cheer wildly , as the Amazing Greenspan takes a slow bow .
The curtain begins to descend , lights begin to illuminate the hall , and Mr. Greenspan rises from his bow .
Mr. America has not moved , not even a twitch , still mumbling incoherently , “ but , but , I had the hundred dollars in my hands . ”
Mr. Greenspan places his hand into the open and empty hand of Mr. America , and thanks him for his participation , as he gives it a quick shake .
Meanwhile Mr. Bernanke thanks the crowd , “ Thank you ladies and gentlemen , thank you , be sure to catch us next month when we appear in Shanghai , tickets are still available .
Drive safely .
Goodnight . ”
The Amazing Greenspan has already stepped behind the curtain .
As Mr. Bernanke , before making his way to join the master , leads Mr. America to the edge of the stage and likewise thanks him for volunteering .
The crowd collects their coats and purses , checking the seats for any coins that may have fallen from their pockets , and a confused and shaken Mr. America makes his way back to his seat .
Mrs. America , is already standing in the aisle when Mr. America arrives , their belongings neatly gathered in her arms .
“ It was their , right their in my hand , the hundred dollar bill ? ”
He says to his wife while gesturing at his empty palm .
“ Yes , dear , should we be going now ? ” Responds Mrs. America .
Mr. and Mrs. America join the crowd exiting the theater .
As they leave and make their way towards the subway , members of the audience , can be heard exclaiming “ One hundred dollars disappearing from a man ’s hand !
Incredible , just incredible , never seen anything like it ! ”
Others , recognizing Mr. America , give him a hearty pat on the back and congratulate him for a “ Job well done . ”
As they head down the subway stairs and toward the turnstiles , Mrs. America turns to Mr. America and asks , “ Honey , where ’s our dollar bill ? ”
Photo Credit : Mike Licht / Notions Capital via Flickr ’s Media Commons
I ’M finished with the Reagan Democrats of Macomb County in suburban Detroit after making a career of spotlighting their middle - class anger and frustrations about race and Democratic politicians .
Bill Clinton wrote in his autobiography that my “ extensive research on the so - called Reagan Democrats and what it would take to bring them home ” was the reason he hired me as his pollster for his presidential campaign .
For more than 20 years , the non-college - educated white voters in Macomb County have been considered a “ national political barometer , ” as Ronald Brownstein of National Journal described them during the Democratic convention in August .
After Ronald Reagan won the county by a 2 - to - 1 margin in 1984 , Mr. Brownstein noted , I conducted focus groups that “ found that these working - class whites interpreted Democratic calls for economic fairness as code for transfer payments to African - Americans . ”
So what do we think when Barack Obama , an African - American Democrat , wins Macomb County by eight points ?
I conducted a survey of 750 Macomb County residents who voted Tuesday , and their responses put their votes in context .
Before the Democratic convention , barely 40 percent of Macomb County voters were “ comfortable ” with the idea of Mr. Obama as president , far below the number who were comfortable with a nameless Democrat .
But on Election Day , nearly 60 percent said they were “ comfortable ” with Mr. Obama .
About the same number said Mr. Obama “ shares your values ” and “ has what it takes to be president . ”
Given Macomb ’s history , this story helps illustrate America ’s evolving relationship with race .
These voters , like voters elsewhere , watched Mr. Obama intently and became confident he would work for all Americans and be the steady leader the times required .
But focusing on the ways that Macomb County has become normal and uninteresting misses the extraordinary changes taking place next door in Oakland County  a place that played a bigger role in Mr. Obama ’s success and perhaps in an emerging national Democratic ascendancy .
Want to turn eyes next time you take fido for a walk ?
This great alligator eats dog costume is sure to draw attention as you walk through your neighborhood .
Funniest Dog Costume Ever .
The mysterious craigslist bank robbery caper is now much less mysterious , as a suspect in the case has been arrested by police in Monroe , Washington .
Law enforcement had collected DNA and other evidence after the robbery went down last month , and this week , they were able to catch 28 - year - old Anthony Curcio while he was trying to pick up his car , which he had left in a Target parking lot .
Bank robberies are a little passé these days , and they do n't normally make headlines on the Internet , but this one attracted some major attention because of the creative method Curcio allegedly used to confuse police .
He had reportedly used an open WiFi connection ( in an attempt to remain as anonymous as possible ) to post an ad on the popular classifieds site , craigslist , offering road construction work at $ 28.50 per hour near Seattle .
About a dozen men replied to the ad , and all received instructions to show up outside a Bank of America wearing a yellow vest , safety goggles , a respirator mask , and a blue shirt .
As the properly attired men gathered outside the bank , Curcio allegedly arrived wearing the same getup .
He then used pepper spray on a guard transporting cash from an armored truck into the bank .
Curcio grabbed the duffel bag , ran to a nearby river , and floated away on an inner tube .
When law enforcement arrived , they were baffled to see a group of men standing around , all matching the description of the robber .
As it turns out , Curcio may be quite Internet - savvy , but he 's not quite so bank - robbery - savvy .
He apparently left some DNA at the scene , which police connected to a report they had received before the robbery about a man who picked up a wig , safety vest , and a large can of mace before driving away .
Police were able to connect the license plate on that car — which had not been involved in a crime at that point — to Curcio and confirmed his involvement through the DNA .
Then , they staked out his car in the Target parking lot until Curcio returned to pick it up this week .
According to The Register , Curcio has been charged with first - degree robbery , while a second suspect was charged with possession of stolen property .
Presumably , all of the innocent craigslist henchmen have already moved on with their lives .
Law enforcement is often quite nervous about open wireless networks because criminals could use them for nefarious purposes without ever getting caught .
However , as exemplified by this case , anonymous WiFi will only get someone so far .
Criminals are likely to get caught anyway , thanks to things they do off the airwaves .
TWO gardens completed in the last month by the New York Restoration Project  one in Queens , by Walter Hood , a California landscape architect ; the other in Harlem , by Sean Conway , a Rhode Island garden designer  demonstrate how sustainable technologies like rainwater collection and solar and wind power can be incorporated into landscapes that are varied enough to fill many needs .
The actress and singer Bette Midler , who founded the Restoration Project , a private nonprofit organization , in 1995 , said that she has been courting imaginative designers to enlarge the scope of community gardens so that “ everyone who has a stake in the garden is able to use it the way they want to : some want to grow fruits and vegetables , others want a quiet place , some want to play ball .
So all these things have to be taken into consideration . ”
Mr. Hood ’s design , for the Curtis “ 50 Cent ” Jackson Community Garden in Jamaica , Queens , has six 10 - foot - tall blue rainwater collectors shaped like martini glasses that funnel water into two 1,500 - gallon below - ground cisterns .
It was named after the rapper , a Queens native whose foundation , G - Unity , provided $ 350,000 , which paid not only for the water collection system , but also for a complete redesign of the old community garden .
Gone are the random assortment of raised beds and the scattered fruit trees .
Mr. Hood , who is known for sculptural landscapes like the grounds of the de Young Museum in San Francisco and the Center for the Arts in Jackson , Wyo. , created a powerful , linear space .
Alaska Republican senator guilty in corruption trial Agence France - Presse
Published : Monday October 27 , 2008
Print This Email This WASHINGTON  A US court on Monday found Ted Stevens of Alaska , a Republican senator of 40 years , guilty of corruption one week before he is up for reelection in the narrowly - divided US Senate .
Stevens , 84 , was convicted on all seven counts of making false statements on mandatory financial disclosure forms he filed between 1999 and 2006 , a court source told AFP .
Stevens has served in the US Senate since December 1968 and is considered one of the most powerful Republicans in the body with seats on the Appropriations , Defense , and other committees .
He temporarily relinquished his committee vice chairmanships .
The senator was found guilty of accepting gifts from a company known as VECO , an Alaska - based firm which provides oil field support , between 1999 and 2006 .
Two VECO executives pleaded guilty last year to bribing government officials , including an unnamed state senator .
In recent opinion polls Stevens , the longest - serving Republican in the US Senate , trailed his Democratic challenger Mark Begich by less than one percentage point in an election he had been expected to easily win .
The corruption trial began on September 22 and saw 24 government witnesses and 28 defense witnesses testify in court .
Stevens testified in his own defense .
A sentencing hearing was set for February 26 , the source said .
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
11/20/2008
Online hate ?
Game on , boys !
by Jeremy Hooper
Remember a few weeks back when Matt Barber was whining about the " mean " gays and their online threats of violence ?
And remember yesterday , when Pete LaBarbera was making a big stink about the " hate " of the radical left ?
Well , we have taken those scapegoat -y attempts as a call to action .
A call to post more and more of the " loving " Christian nonsense that we encounter on a weekly daily hourly minute - by - minute basis .
The following quotes all come from one particular Digg page , in which the topic of eHarmony allowing gays to use their service is being discussed .
And yes , violence against gays is predicted / threatened :
That took us about three minutes to cobble together , looking at one little Digg page .
We did n't have to cherry pick through hundreds of blog comments , as folks like Matt and Peter have had to do .
Find a public forum wherein gay rights is discussed in a largely unmoderated section , and the unhinged anti-gay will show itself in even more abundance that either poor grammar or typos .
Look for us to bring you many , many more examples as we find them .
Digg : E - Harmony caves into lawsuit by Govt . [ Digg ]
Your thoughts
Appeal to pity huh ?
Try to make people feel sorry for them because of the 1 in 1000 person who's ... overly vocal hurts their feelings , yet fail to recognize the 9 in 10 on their side who would rather beat us down with a crowbar on the street just for holding hands ?
Ignorance is a powerful weapon for the anti-gay side .
Posted by : Tyler Zilkie | Nov 20 , 2008 4:30:54 PM
" They were matching bolts with nuts .
Now they will be matching bolts with bolts and nuts with nuts .
HOW DO YOU SCREW THEM ? "
Short pithy answer - Dude , you 've already screwed us enough , thanks .
Longer more thoughtful answer --
Are n't straight people supposed to be big butch engineering experts and fags like me are supposed to shun tools and labor ?
Yet even I know you can't screw a bolt or a nut !
That 's what SCREWS are for !
Bolts and nuts get THREADED together .
Posted by : Jason D | Nov 20 , 2008 4:40:06 PM
This is so right on topic .
I 've been accumulating my own quotes from the boards and posting them with commentary .
I promise , I 've had no shortage of kisses from this muse .
Posted by : jaysays | Nov 20 , 2008 5:50:44 PM
" Now they will be matching bolts with bolts and nuts with nuts .
HOW DO YOU SCREW THEM ? "
Umm , there are several gay porn websites and sex manuals out there if you 're needing instruction .
Posted by : Jon | Nov 20 , 2008 6:20:34 PM
" [...] and the unhinged anti-gay will show itself in even more abundance that either poor grammar or typos . "
* sigh *
Posted by : David | Nov 20 , 2008 8:08:42 PM
I know the thread .
I found it earlier - I 've been on a digg - down spree already .
It does n't achieve much ( There is an anti-gay cabal of some type running , they shout to each other when they find something worthy of mass - digging ) , but it makes me feel better .
Posted by : Suricou Raven | Nov 20 , 2008 8:56:26 PM
It 's definitely things like this that make the entire struggle seem petty .
None of their comments actually make sense or have any sort of logic behind it .
Ugh .
Posted by : Le Coeur | Nov 21 , 2008 12:43:57 AM
No doubt members of thousands of " Whites - only " groups acted the same way when legally compelled to accept those terrible non-white people .
Such disgusting spoiled brats .
I myself would n't touch e-harmony even if I were single .
I have no desire to give my money to bigots .
Posted by : Buffy | Nov 21 , 2008 3:41:59 AM
Posted by : Suricou Raven | Nov 21 , 2008 5:58:50 AM
I told you all this a year ago ... damn you are like my kids you never listen to me .
Posted by : Paula Brooks | Nov 21 , 2008 6:49:27 AM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Behind the wheel and busy on her cell phone , Holly Jo Smeckert did n’t slow down as she neared Knapp ’s Corner , a busy intersection in Grand Rapids , Michigan .
It was January 19 , 2004 , and the 20 - year - old nanny and Sunday - school teacher was taking her young charge to dance class in her employers ’
Hummer .
Smeckert was so absorbed in her call that she noticed neither the red light nor the line of cars stopped in the adjacent lane awaiting a signal change .
Traffic flowed through the intersection in front of her , but that did n’t register either .
Without even touching the brakes , she blasted through the light at 45 miles an hour , slamming into a Chevy Suburban and pushing it 120 feet — over a sidewalk and onto a patch of snow .
The other driver , Judy Teater , was n’t badly hurt , but Joe , her 12 - year - old son , bore the full impact .
He was unconscious , his breathing wet and gurgling .
Judy , a former nurse , struggled to clear an airway .
An anesthesiologist pulled over and tried mouth - to - mouth , sucking blood from Joe ’s lungs and spitting it onto the snow .
A neighbor of the Teaters who had witnessed the crash called Judy ’s husband Dave in near hysterics ; he arrived in time to watch emergency crews extricate his son , and then rode with Joe in the ambulance .
The boy never regained consciousness .
Doctors ran tests but found no sign of brain activity , so the Teaters gave their permission to take their son off life support and harvest his organs .
Joe ’s death was a big local story , and hundreds of people turned out for his funeral .
Dave Teater is tall and husky , a former small - college football player who , at 52 , still looks fit .
He was an early cell phone adopter himself , driving around in the late 1980s with a big , clunky one bolted to the console of his car .
Back then , he ran an auto industry consulting firm and commuted about once a week between Grand Rapids and Southfield , near Detroit , a horrendous five - hour slog .
His mobile filled the time and made him feel productive .
Dead zones limited its utility at first , but as the network grew Dave found he could do conference calls while zipping along I - 96 .
He ’d hang up after a half hour , not knowing which side of Lansing he was on .
A bit of foreshadowing , perhaps , but he did n’t give it much thought until … Joe .
Dave would later take up the cause of preventing more such deaths , and join a company that has pioneered cell phone safety technology .
But for a time , he was too overwhelmed to do much of anything .
Joe was the youngest of Dave ’s three sons , and they were unusually close .
Before he was born , Dave was preoccupied with his successful business .
He also drank too much and , in his own eyes , fell short as a husband and father .
Had he not joined AA and gone on the wagon , the Teaters would never have had their third child .
A cute kid with a million - candlepower smile , Joe had been counting down to his 13th birthday — and directing people not to call him “ Joey . ”
The day before the crash , Dave took him to the Detroit Auto Show , and then Greektown for lunch .
Joe told his dad he needed to learn to like Greek food , because he was going to be an archaeologist , and “ Greece is a real important place for archaeology . ”
But Joe also struggled with attention deficit disorder .
He was on the way to math tutoring when it happened .
In one unimaginable instant , the Teaters lost what they thought of as an almost perfect family life .
Dave and Judy pretty much fell apart .
Dave had never before wept from grief as an adult , but now tears came often .
On the advice of a counselor , he kept a journal and poured out his despair .
At times he felt envy for older people nearing the end of their lives .
After a while , he became the volunteer director of a residential alcohol - treatment center .
It helped to be involved with other people ’s problems , yet when his thoughts strayed from the loss of his son , he felt twinges of guilt .
Compelled to drive past the accident site regularly , the Teaters sold their home and moved to a nearby town .
The crash sequence seemed equally incomprehensible : Smeckert had clear skies and good visibility .
She was sober .
And yet she had failed to process a whole string of visual cues .
To Dave Teater , this made no sense at all — so he began to do some research .
The volume of scientific literature on cell phones and driving surprised Teater .
He found studies that described gabbing motorists as driving impaired .
Researchers had even coined a term — ” inattention blindness “ — to describe how a phone conversation could seize the mind like a tractor beam , dulling reaction times and situational awareness , particularly when the topic was complex or emotionally fraught .
Paul Green , an engineering professor at the University of Michigan ’s Transportation Research Institute , likened the mental demands to those of circus jugglers spinning plates on the ends of sticks .
“ You ’ve got so much information from the roadway , and so much information from the phone , that it ’s just too much to deal with , ” he said .
A pair of studies in Canada ( pdf. ) and Australia concluded that talking on cell phones quadrupled a driver ’s risk of being in a crash .
Researchers at the University of Utah tested 40 drivers in a simulator , monitoring responses to things like a car suddenly braking in front of them ; the test subjects performed no better , and by some measures worse , while talking on a cell phone than they did with a blood alcohol level of .08 percent — legally drunk ( pdf . ) .
Teater also learned that major corporations — including ExxonMobil , DuPont , and Shell — were so concerned about safety and liability that they banned on - road use of cell phones by their employees during work hours .
Why , he wondered , had n’t he heard about these things ?
Was everyone this ignorant ?
The thought made him angry .
Holly Smeckert did n’t seem like a bad person — her life was probably ruined , too .
And had she been aware of the dangers , Teater thought , maybe she would have put down her phone .
Shortly before Joe ’s death , federal highway safety officials were having similar thoughts .
Back in 2003 , the wireless industry was in the midst of a phenomenal growth spurt , with millions of customers chatting and texting behind the wheel .
( The US market has exploded from 1.2 million subscribers in 1987 to more than 250 million today ; by one government estimate , 1 in 10 US drivers are using their cell phones at any given moment . )
Other electronic distractions were multiplying , too , like cutting - edge navigation and infotainment systems that had n’t been independently evaluated for safety .
It was time to take a stand , to tell motorists in no uncertain terms to hang up and drive .
But then , abruptly , the federal officials backed off , leaving sobering cell phone safety data buried deep in the bureaucracy .
The shift played out at the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration ( NHTSA ) , a unit of the Transportation Department that regulates the auto industry and aims to reduce the annual toll of some 42,000 deaths on US roadways .
Long hobbled by stingy budgets and agonizing caution , the agency has kept a low profile on the issue of electronic distractions .
In 2003 , that seemed about to change .
Agency researchers had spent months examining scores of studies and preparing hundreds of pages of briefing papers , laying the groundwork for a public outreach campaign .
Among these documents , which NHTSA has refused to release but which were obtained for this article through unofficial channels , was the first - ever government estimate of deaths from cell phone - related crashes : 955 in 2002 .
NHTSA administrator Jeffrey Runge was eager to act .
In June 2003 , he held a briefing for senior Transportation officials .
“ I was delighted with the briefing , ” he said in an email to his staff .
“ Mission accomplished so far . ”
Agency officials then drafted a bluntly worded letter to the nation ’s 50 governors on behalf of Transportation Secretary Norm Mineta .
New York had become the first state to mandate use of hands - free devices , and other states were poised to follow .
Officials at NHTSA feared such laws gave an imprimatur of safety to hands - free calling , perhaps encouraging drivers to spend more time on the phone .
“ Overwhelmingly , research worldwide indicates that both hand - held and hands - free cell phones increase the risk of a crash , ” the letter warned .
“ We are convinced that legislation forbidding the use of hand - held cell phones … will not be effective ” and “ may erroneously imply that hands - free phones are safe to use . ”
That letter was never sent —
Mother Jones obtained it only after a persistent safety activist and lawyer named Aaron Wolff took the agency to court and pried loose a copy in 2007 .
The agency ’s estimate of cell phone deaths went unpublished , and the highway safety researchers who hoped to condense their huge briefing document into a public report were instructed not to .
Runge , who left NHTSA in 2005 to become assistant secretary for health affairs at Homeland Security , said in a recent interview that the decision not to send the letter was made “ above my pay grade . ”
He explained that “ it was our responsibility to tell people what we knew , ” but there was no support for the initiative within the DOT .
“ When things are not going to fly , you move on , ” he said .
In the past , NHTSA has acted on safety issues that result in far fewer fatalities than cell phones ; in 2001 , for instance , it required automakers to install vehicle trunk latches to prevent people from being trapped inside .
But targeting cell phones would have kindled a political firestorm , inviting angry attacks from the wireless industry and its congressional allies .
At the time , the industry was hauling in more than $ 87 billion in wireless service revenues — a figure that soared to $ 139 billion in 2007 — thanks in part to subscribers using about 40 percent of their minutes while driving , according to some estimates .
Then , as now , the industry argued that drivers face all manner of distractions , from eating to shushing noisy kids .
It would be unfair to single out cell phones .
There is no evidence that wireless companies interfered directly to crush NHTSA ’s initiative , but the industry has nonetheless ensured itself plenty of clout in the corridors of power .
Since 2000 , the main trade group , known as CTIA , has spent $ 35 million lobbying Congress , and $ 2.4 million more donating to federal candidates and parties , according to data from the Center for Responsive Politics .
Individual companies such as AT&T and Verizon have spent many millions more .
John Flaherty , Secretary Mineta ’s chief of staff at the time , told me he opposed NHTSA ’s warning to the governors because the agency did n’t have enough evidence to fend off attacks from the industry and Congress .
“ I said the letter should n’t go out at that point because we need to be more data driven on this , ” he said .
( For his part , Mineta told me he ’d never seen the letter . )
During the 1990s , Flaherty briefly lobbied for CTIA on the issue of 911 calls , but he says this connection did n’t color his views .
“ I was aware of what [ industry ] could do to frustrate safety legislation , ” he said .
His basic argument , he recalled , was that “ whatever we ’re doing , we need to be certain of this .
Otherwise , we ’re going to get our lunch handed to us . ”
Both Runge and Flaherty , now a principal with the equity firm the Carlyle Group , said they were n’t lobbied by the industry .
Today , NHTSA ’s policy regarding mobile phones is tucked into an obscure corner of its website .
Using a cell phone , the site notes , “ can pose a serious cognitive distraction and degrade driver performance , ” although “ the data are insufficient to quantify crashes caused by cell phone use specifically . ”
Such language is “ crafty ” in light of the censored estimate of 955 deaths , remarks William H. Walsh Jr. , a former high - level NHTSA official .
It was merely an estimate , to be sure .
( Because witnesses are rare and police agencies have different reporting standards , reliable data on cell phone wrecks do not exist . )
It was n’t even the largest estimate : A study by the Harvard School of Public Health put the annual death toll from cell - related wrecks at 2,600 .
But coming straight from the government , the 955 - death figure “ would have gotten a lot of notoriety , ” Walsh said .
It ’s one thing to generally advise people not to talk on the phone , and quite another “ to attach a number to it — a big number , ” Walsh added .
“ They do n’t put the numbers out there because the numbers make it a lot harder to explain why you have n’t been more active . ”
NHTSA ’s website also features an eviscerated version of an annotated bibliography prepared by agency researchers .
The original included summaries of key findings from more than 150 worldwide studies involving distractions posed by cell phones and other things .
The bibliography contained no policy recommendations , and would have been a valuable resource for scientists , the public , and the press .
But the summaries were removed from the Web version , reducing it to little more than a list of authors and titles .
“ How could you be afraid of an annotated bibliography ? ” asks Michael Goodman , who worked at NHTSA as a research psychologist prior to his retirement in 2005 .
“ It is very clear that for political - economic reasons , this whole thing was put to rest . ”
Goodman calls the episode “ an embarrassment to the agency … To have it tossed out is not only , I think , unethical , but it ’s also a waste of public funds . ”
Proceeding without federal guidance , more concerned state officials began enacting hands - free laws as a political path of least resistance .
Following New York ’s lead , California , Connecticut , New Jersey , Washington , and the District of Columbia now require drivers to use a headset or other hands - free devices .
( Motorola has promoted its headsets with the slogan “ You have the right to keep talking …
Know your rights .
Talk it up . ” )
According to the National Conference of State Legislatures , 18 states and DC now restrict cell phone use by teens or novice drivers — laws that could save lives if enforced .
More than 30 states also bar placement of on - board TV screens where drivers can watch them .
But other electronic distractions are proliferating without independent scrutiny .
Portable GPS navigation systems , which are selling by the millions , typically feature spoken directions , an improvement over paper maps .
But the devices include other bells and whistles that draw attention away from the road : Drivers can tap in requests for lists of restaurants , movies , and golf courses .
Some models even include video games .
News organizations and websites typically tout the coolest features in their gadget reviews , ignoring safety entirely .
It ’s up to individual drivers to set boundaries and manage their temptations — a fine arrangement if they were n’t sharing the road with everyone else .
Eager to share in the bonanza , automakers are building ever more advanced electronics directly into their offerings .
In January 2007 , the Center for Auto Safety , a consumer watchdog , petitioned NHTSA to require that interactive devices be made inoperable while the vehicle is moving , but the agency denied the request .
Instead , NHTSA has asked automakers to police themselves .
The Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers , representing 10 US and foreign automakers , maintains a set of voluntary design standards to limit distractions from in - vehicle devices .
Among its key provisions : Electronic tasks must be simple enough to perform with a series of two - second glances away from the road , for a total glance time of no more than 20 seconds .
A panel of the Society of Automotive Engineers — which included many of the same industry members — came up with a similar guideline .
“ The number was , very candidly , a negotiated number , ” admitted James P. Foley , who chaired the SAE panel and now works as a Toyota engineer .
“ It was the lowest number that the most people could live with . ”
To comply , some automakers now include a lockout feature to keep drivers from performing complicated tasks — like entering destinations into a car ’s navigation system — while the vehicle is moving .
Even so , authorities such as Transport Canada , Canada ’s highway safety agency , have complained that the “ 2/20 ” rule allows extraordinarily long glance times .
“ When you ’re going 60 miles an hour , two seconds is 176 feet , ” says Clarence Ditlow , who runs the Center for Auto Safety .
“ If your eyes are off the road for 176 feet , that ’s not good . ”
A recent announcement by Chrysler threatens to undermine that rule in any case ; the automaker said in June that it will offer a new wireless network , “ uconnect web , ” to transform vehicles into Wi - Fi “ hot spots . ”
This will enable the use of portable devices for everything from Web surfing to online games to TV and videos .
But it wo n’t violate the industry ’s voluntary guidelines , Chrysler argues , because those rules apply only to built - in equipment , not portables .
“ There already exist plenty of opportunities for people to do irresponsible things with personal communication devices in their vehicles , ” said company spokesman Max Gates .
“ Of course , we ’re hoping for responsible use of that Web access by owners of the vehicle . ”
Holly Smeckert pleaded guilty to negligent homicide in May 2004 .
Drivers involved in a crash rarely acknowledge that they were on a cell phone — one reason for the lack of good data — but Smeckert admitted she was leaving a message at her church .
“ On the voicemail , ” noted a police report , “ Holly identified herself and began leaving the message when squealing can be heard and then silence . ”
Smeckert might have received up to two years in jail , but the Teaters spoke up on her behalf .
“ As much as she has hurt us , our family does not support incarceration for Mrs. Smeckert , ” Dave Teater said in a statement at her sentencing .
“ From what we have heard , she is a good person who made a terrible mistake , and we do not see how jail will benefit anyone … .
We do not think anything less than a ban on cell phone usage while driving will have an impact . ”
Smeckert was ordered to perform community service and lost her driver ’s license for five years .
Soon after , she and her husband moved out of state .
She did not respond to interview requests for this story .
Dave and Judy Teater did , however , sue Smeckert ’s employers , Philip and Roberta DeVries .
The young nanny , it turned out , had racked up a string of speeding tickets , but the DeVrieses never checked her driving record before handing over the keys to their Hummer H2 .
The case settled for $ 1.6 million .
Dave and Judy used some of the money to establish a foundation , the Joe Teater Imagine Fund , which has underwritten camp scholarships and a water project in Honduras , and given to the National Safety Council .
Dave , who had never taken part in social causes , threw himself into a cell phone safety crusade .
His rebuttal to an article in USA Today appeared in the letters section .
The paper had quoted an industry spokesman as saying that most crashes do not involve cell phones .
“ That ’s as ridiculous an argument as saying the majority of accidents do n’t involve alcohol , ” Teater wrote .
Online , he found more chronicles of heartbreak .
In Houston , a driver on a cell phone drifted onto the shoulder , striking and killing a young traffic officer .
The driver was on a call to his insurance company , because earlier that day he was rear - ended at a stoplight by someone on a cell phone .
In Massachusetts , an 18 - year - old high school grad crashed and died during a cell phone chat with his parents .
Shortly after the line went dead , police arrived to break the news to the father , who had previously operated a string of cell phone shops .
Teater also contacted David Strayer of the University of Utah , coauthor of the study that compared cell phones to alcohol , to offer his encouragement and thanks .
The scientist put Teater in touch with a woman named Mandy Chan .
She and her husband , John Geyer , were successful tech entrepreneurs who had sold their DVD publishing service to Amazon in 2005 .
At a picnic , some friends of theirs had described a news broadcast that showed teen drivers yapping on cell phones .
Chan and Geyer were looking for their next venture , and it gave them an idea .
If parents could disable their kids ’ phones when the kids were driving , it could save lives and be a moneymaker , too .
The couple ultimately launched a company called Aegis Mobility Inc. to develop and market the technology .
When they finally met the Teaters in late 2006 , Chan and Geyer were impressed by Dave ’s business credentials ; they hired him on as an executive the following May .
Three years after Joe ’s death , and still trying to claw his way out of depression , Dave had finally gained a new sense of purpose .
He and Judy used some of the settlement money to invest in Aegis , and drummed up other investors .
One was Timothy Smith , author of Crashproof Your Kids , a how - to that covers cell phones .
The book was inspired by a spate of teen fatalities near Smith ’s Chicago suburb — and by his own jitters , knowing his own kids would soon be on the road .
Smith , in turn , recruited friends to invest .
The Aegis software can detect when a phone is in a “ driving state , ” which lets target customers — mostly parents and company safety directors — monitor on - road calling activity or block calls while the car is in motion .
The hard part has been finding partners among the big wireless companies , which would sell the blocking service for an extra monthly fee .
In October , Nationwide Mutual Insurance Co. said it would offer discounts to customers using Aegis once wireless providers adopt the technology .
In the meantime , Teater has become a sought - after speaker at safety conferences .
John Ulczycki , communications director for the National Safety Council , called the Teaters “ fantastic spokespeople , ” because they “ do n’t come across as people who feel sorry for themselves . ”
Instead ,
Teater engages his audiences with research , statistics , facts .
Rather than dwell on Joe ’s death , he treats it almost as just another fact , which makes the power of his presentation that much greater .
He was recently invited to speak at two conferences in Canada , whose organizer had attended another of his talks and thought he ’d had a profound effect on the audience .
And on the organizer as well : Following Teater ’s presentation , she ’d personally stopped answering her phone while driving .
“ I love getting that stuff , ” says Dave .
“ It kind of tells me I ’m on the right track . ”
Five longtime observers of the Religious Right comment on the movement 's future .
As we near the end of the first decade of the 21st century , the Religious Right is still heavily engaged in fighting the " culture wars , " as witnessed by the current " War on Christmas , " and , more importantly the apocalyptic battles over same - sex marriage that resulted in victories for the antis ' in Florida , Arizona , and California this past November .
In a pre-election piece about Bill Ayers -- a former member of the Weathermen , a group that planted bombs during the Vietnam era , and whose relationship with Obama became one of Team McCain 's major talking points during the presidential campaign -- bestselling author Thomas Frank observed that " the culture wars are the familiar demagogic tactic of our own time , building monstrous offenses out of the tiniest slights .
The fading rancor that each grievance is meant to revive , of course , dates to the 1960s and the antiwar protests , urban riots and annoying youth culture that originally triggered our great turn to the right . "
Despite the victory of Barack Obama , the Religious Right will continue to play a significant -- albeit different -- role in America 's politics .
Weeks before Obama takes the oath of office , major Religious Right organizations are monitoring his every move .
Lou Sheldon 's organization , Tradition American Values , have established an " Obama Watch . "
After Inauguration Day , expect angry press releases , breathless Internet Alerts , nasty blog posts , and urgent fundraising appeals ; all done to rebuild and reinvigorate a wounded movement .
" New " evangelical leaders -- not as critical of or uncomfortable with Obama -- will emerge from the shadow of the old - timers , and they will try and craft a broader , less crazed movement .
These new leaders will work with Obama Administration officials on a number of policy issues , including Obama 's revitalized faith - based initiative , global warming , combating AIDS in Africa and poverty at home and abroad .
Obama 's victory ushers in a huge turnover in personnel , which ironically may strengthen the movement as many of those currently employed by the Bush Administration will seek and find positions at Christian conservative policy centers and Christian universities .
While Sen. McCain lost , it appears that Sarah Palin won ; at least temporarily .
Her star continues to shine and she will be in the forefront of any conversations about 2012 , which believe it or not , has already started .
Whatever else Palin is , she does rev up the base and can be a formidable fundraiser for GOP candidates and causes .
Two weeks before Election Day , I asked several long - time Religious Right researchers , writers , and activists to comment on the future prospects of the movement .
Their answers to the question : " What will the political landscape look like for the Religious Right if Obama wins the presidency , or if McCain wins ? " included comments about the possibility of a McCain victory .
For the purposes of this story , I have edited out those remarks .
Jeff Sharlet is the author of " The Family : The Secret Fundamentalism at the Heart of American Power , " and a Visiting Research Scholar at New York University 's Center for Religion and Media :
It depends on who you mean by " Religious Right . "
If we 're talking about the self - consciously institutionalized wing of the Republican Party , they die a little either way , as under Obama or McCain , they probably lose some ground in terms of appointments .
But there will be silver linings for the old Christian Right : a fundraising bonanza under Obama , as they 're able to paint the town red ( so to speak ) , or the conventional wisdom that it was their armies of compassion and venom , mobilized by Palin , that won the day for McCain .
But , two weeks out , it looks as certain as it can that Obama 's going to win .
So it 's worth giving the fortunes of Christian conservatism during his administration a bit more prognosticative consideration .
If Obama wins , look for the stock of religious conservative leaders such as Rick Warren , Stephen Mansfield , author of " The Faith of Obama , " and Cameron Strang , publisher of Relevant , a hipster Christian magazine that puffed Obama , to rise .
Rich Cizik , the National Association of Evangelicals VP who sparred with dinosaurs such as James Dobson and Chuck Colson over the issue of global warming , will find himself in a stronger position .
If his health allows it , I would n't be surprised to see David Kuo , a first - term special assistant to Bush for faith - based initiatives , returning to government in some capacity ; he was thrilled when Obama announced his plan to actually expand Bush 's program , which Kuo turned against because he saw it as too partisan -- and too modest .
Mainstream liberals tend to welcome such Christian conservatives .
They 're heartened by what they see as an evangelical embrace of what they consider " their " issues , as if evangelicals had n't long been concerned about poverty , AIDS , and the fate of the " Dark Continent " to which they 've sent so many missionaries .
The truth is that we 're seeing is not liberalization of Christian conservatism but its broadening ; the religious right of the future will have a much bigger , more sophisticated , and more international agenda .
Much of it will revolve around the same issues that animate liberals and leftists .
But we should n't assume that Christian conservatives who start with us on common ground are headed for the same destination .
The temptation under Obama will be to declare the Christian Right dead , again ; a premature announcement mainstream media has made a dozen times over the decades , ever since the Scopes Monkey Trial of 1925 .
While one branch of the Christian Right withers , others will flower .
It 's a social movement , not a political party , defined , whether it likes it or not , by evolution rather than principles .
Christian fundamentalism will survive ; it 'll adapt ; and it may even grow stronger .
* * *
Kathryn Joyce is the author of " Quiverfull : Inside the Christian Patriarchy Movement , " forthcoming from Beacon Press in March 2009 :
If Barack Obama wins , the far right of the patriarchy movement will not disappear , but may step back to regroup , as they have during other Democratic administrations .
Their advocacy on behalf of certain reproductive policy issues will certainly continue in enshrining broad " conscience clauses " to exempt a wide range of medical industry workers from performing job tasks they object to on religious grounds ; the expansion of their antiabortion work through notification laws and the targeting of individual clinics and abortion providers on specious grounds ; and will likely entail an expansion of a growing theme of their antiabortion rhetoric : that abortion providers are engaging in racist population control measures against African - American and Latino women ( charges that numerous groups , including the Guttmacher Institute , have thoroughly debunked ) .
Throughout the campaign , the " abortion as black genocide " argument has grown louder as a concerted attack on Obama 's pro-choice positions .
Conservative black Christian leaders , as well as flagship Christian right activist groups such as Family Research Council , will continue to use Obama 's position to highlight their latest effort to appropriate the language and legacy of women 's and civil rights in service of their goals .
Within individual churches and denominations , the movement will continue its push its doctrine through literature , speaking and conference campaigns , forcing further church splits over gender , child - raising , and reproductive issues .
Obama 's administration may be likely to expand the role and access of faith - based initiatives .
Though federal funding of religious groups ' social service projects , which have resulted in a number of civil rights violations over the past eight years , is considered a product of the Bush years , in fact Constitutional historian Marcia Hamilton has argued that the Clinton Administration actually introduced the concept , and paved the way for the excesses of Bush .
The Democratic Party 's courtship and pursuit of moderate evangelicals such as Jim Wallis and Rick Warren , both of whom represent a putatively liberalized evangelicalism , that tempers its social conservatism with concern for poverty and the environment , indicates a willingness to bend on the sort of civil and individual rights issues that are often a target of the religious right .
The effect could be a further blending of public policy and doctrine - infused faith , where the milder social conservatism of moderate evangelicals is welcomed into an Obama government as part of a " Big Tent " effort to accommodate believers -- a move potentially more insidious than the outright offensive of Palin 's culture warring constituency for being that much subtler .
* * *
Rob Boston , Senior Policy Analyst , Americans United for Separation of Church and State , and author of " The Most Dangerous Man in America ? : Pat Robertson and the Rise of the Christian Coalition " :
An Obama victory will give the Religious Right a highly visible target to attack for at least four years .
The depths of the Religious Right 's loathing of Obama can be hard for some people to grasp .
I got a taste of it during the " Values Voter Summit " in September .
Religious
Right groups will use an Obama presidency to raise more funds and spur activism .
They will say McCain lost because he failed to appease " values voters " -- even though he put Sarah Palin , an evangelical , on the ticket .
I expect these organizations will , in concert with secular far - right groups , attempt to destabilize the Obama Administration early on by raising some contentious " culture war " issue .
This will be similar to what they and their GOP allies in Congress did to Bill Clinton over gays in the military back in 1993 .
The idea is to cripple Obama right out of the box by forcing him to divert attention and resources away from economic concerns , which all of the polls show are of most importance to the American people .
On a more practical level , these organizations will have to do some strategic shifting .
If they have virtually no clout in the White House and among the congressional majority leadership , Religious Right groups will have to start focusing more on state and local governments .
This could mean more church - state conflict and " culture war " battles in local public schools and communities .
Having said that , I do not believe an Obama victory would be a crippling blow to the Religious Right .
These organizations have been declared dead before , yet they always bounce back .
The unpleasant truth is , the Religious Right is probably a permanent fixture in American politics .
Like any social / political movement , it will see victories and defeats at the polls .
No one electoral loss will spell its doom .
A recent survey I did found that the nation 's top ten Religious Right organizations bring in collectively more than half a billion dollars a year .
Their messages reach millions .
A movement with this much money and supporters is simply not going to fade away overnight .
* * *
Frederick Clarkson , co-founder , Talk2Action.org and editor of " Dispatches from the Religious Left : The Future of Faith and Politics in America " :
Whatever happens from election to election , the religious right will remain a powerful presence in public life at all levels .
This may vary in different parts of the country , just like any other significant social / political movement .
Things change , but the question is always -- how much ?
Sarah Palin , the governor of Alaska , along with former Arkansas Governor and GOP presidential contender Mike Huckabee epitomize the new generation of religious right political leaders .
More importantly , the religious right continues , win or lose , to drive and dominate the politics of many states .
The big unsupported declarations from pundits , mostly those Inside the Beltway that the religious right is dead or in precipitous decline or that the culture wars are over or nearly so , are as preposterous as they are frequently repeated with a confidence known only to the keepers of the Conventional Wisdom .
The religious right is sustained by animating transcendent notions of their purpose on Earth and continuing to develop and sustain a vast capacity for cultural and political action via a growing ( not shrinking ) network of colleges and universities -- even law schools , as well as communications media unmatched by anything on the left .
Additionally , they have formidable political organizations , such as James Dobson 's national network of 35 state level " family policy councils " that have been the driving force behind the anti-gay marriage initiatives across the country in partnership with the Catholic church and other elements of the religious right .
One thing that will also probably remain constant is that Beltway Insiders will continue to convince themselves that the religious right is dead , dying , or irrelevant -- and will try to convince the rest of the country of the rightness of their view -- usually based on interpretations of convenience of polling data , rather than an analysis of the people , resources , and institutions of the religious right itself and its capacity to shape and inform state , local , and national affairs .
If the religious right finds itself occupying fewer seats in Congress and facing losses in some states , the movement will regroup .
There will always be another election .
We can also reasonably expect a fresh round of ballot initiatives on the usual subjects .
And just as the Democratic Party seeks to downplay issues related to LGBT civil rights -- especially marriage equality , the issue will likely blow up in their faces as the religious right continues to drive the issue .
The Federal Marriage Amendment will re-emerge over the next year or two .
The position of everyone from John McCain to John Kerry and Barack Obama and Joe Biden has been that they oppose marriage equality and that the matter is best left to the states .
However , McCain says he will support a federal marriage amendment if states are required to recognize the marriages of other states .
Massachusetts , the state that pioneered marriage equality , has repealed a 1913 anti-miscegenation law that was originally intended to prevent people from states that outlawed interracial marriage to come to Massachusetts to wed .
The law had been used to disallow same sex couples from states that did not recognize same sex marriages to come to Massachusetts to marry .
Now people from anti-same sex marriage states can legally marry in Massachusetts .
This will accelerate the issue of whether marriages performed in Massachusetts are valid in their home states .
It is just a matter of time before this issue explodes into national politics , as well as in the states that have already thought that they settled the matter one way or the other .
* * *
Michael Reynolds is a veteran investigative journalist who has written on radical political religion and its consequences for such publications as The Nation , Mother Jones , U.S. News & World Report and others :
Regardless of the election outcome , the Religious Right establishment , as exemplified by the 75 - member Arlington Group and the Council For National Policy will continue undiminished as a political force .
With an Obama Administration and a Democratic majority in Congress , the Religious Right will be reinvigorated , joining with right - wing Republicans in a backlash that will dwarf their attacks during the Clinton era .
The Christian Patriot militia movement will return and along with it , right - wing religiously motivated domestic terrorism .
Though Obama will continue , and perhaps expand , the faith - based policies of George Bush , and give evangelicals such as Rick Warren and Richard Cizik preferred status at the White House , it will not mollify the Religious Right .
More important , there is the possibility of several vacancies on the Supreme Court , With Roe v Wade on the line , these historic appointments will guarantee explosive confirmation battles with either an Obama or McCain nominee .
In vehemence , in mobilization , and in polarization , it will surpass those of Clarence Thomas , Antonin Scalia , John Roberts , or Samuel Alito .
_______
About author Bill Berkowitz is a longtime observer of the conservative movement .
His Conservative Watch columns document the strategies , players , institutions , victories and defeats of the American Right .
I 've been following Arc since the beginning , like many of you .
I 've seen it going from a growing community of ideas to a shrinking community too small to improve the language quickly .
The problem , though , is not the size of the Arc community right now ( this is still a young language after all ) but the fact that Arc lost its momentum : instead of attracting new people , users now go away from here .
How did we get to this situation ?
What has changed ?
On day 0 Arc was launched as a prototype for a programming language .
Some ranted about the deficiencies of the implementation ( slow , no Unicode , useless error messages , no debugging facilities , etc. ) , but they were acceptable because it was a prototype .
The goal of a prototype is to give the users a feeling of the language , so that they can contribute by saying what 's wrong , what 's good and what 's missing .
The author(s ) should then discuss with the community to decide future directions for the development .
This is what happened in the early days of Arc .
This period did n't last very long , though .
After the release of Arc2 , pg almost abandoned the forum , and feeling the absence of the " boss " many left the building .
Some left permanently , others lurk the forum just to see if it will come back to life .
What the remaining community had was a prototype not suitable for real world development and not suitable for its role of prototype because the author was n't there to listen to his users .
This lead to a plethora of alternative implementations ( anarki , rainbow , arc2c , snap , nyac , primitivearc , arc - f , ... ) , all trying to overcome the limits of the original , unmaintained version .
The lack of a central authority lead to a dispersion of the few resources ( in terms of people and time ) available .
New ideas died because the language ( together with its main site ) was held by an absent leader .
To give one example , not too much time ago , there was the idea of a central repository of Arc libraries .
The right place would have been under http://arclanguage.org/libs.
This is still an invalid link .
Every effort is useless if it will never be part of the official Arc instead of laying around in some github repository .
There are only three possibilities for Arc right now : pg comes back ( Hahaha ! ) , someone takes the lead and makes a real fork of Arc , not just of the implementation , but also of the community and of the main site ( no more arclanguage.org ) .
The last possibility is to let Arc die .
I 'd appreciate the opinion of who is still here ( even lurkers ) on this post .
What do you think about the history of Arc so far ?
What do you see in its future ?
Nov. 20.2008 , 2008 --
In that Greek temple of justice Americans call the Supreme Court , Summum , a religion founded 33 years ago and practiced by a handful of people , rose to national prominence last week , but its adherents worship in another classical structure -- a copper - plated pyramid off Interstate 15 in Salt Lake City .
The court heard oral arguments in a First Amendment case that asked whether Summum -- a religion that practices mummification , believes in psychokinesis and received its founding revelation from space aliens -- could erect a monument listing its Seven Aphorisms alongside the Ten Commandments in a Utah public park .
Those aphorisms include such principles as " moving things with your mind " and " everything vibrates . "
At oral arguments last week , the justices tried to wade through the gray areas in some of the First Amendment 's most important clauses .
The Summum case is not about religious freedom per se but about free speech .
Does the Pleasant Grove City Council , which controls the park , have to give every religion a monument that wants one ?
When the council denied Summum but allowed for the Ten Commandments , was the city violating the Establishment Clause that bans government endorsements of any one religion ?
" We just hope wisdom will prevail and the justices will make the right decision , " said Su Menu , Summum 's president .
" In the meantime , we 're going to be meditating a lot . "
Menu , whose full legal name is Summum Bonum Neffer Menu , has been a member of the sect since 1976 , one year after the religion was founded by the late Summum Bonum Amon Ra ( better known as Corky ) , a self - described " administrative manager for a large supply company in Salt Lake City " who says he was visited one day after work by extraterrestrials .
Summum gets its name from the Latin word meaning " the sum total of all creation " and according to Menu , a 58 - year - old piano teacher who professionally goes by the name Sue Parsons , the religion has no overarching doctrine , or single supreme being .
Menu said the sect does n't keep records on its total membership , but said there were usually around 10 people who attended twice weekly meetings at the pyramid .
Since the case went to the Supreme Court , Summum has seen a boost in traffic to its
Web site , its main means of disseminating information about the faith , and from which it sells books written by Ra and other items , including " merh , " a sex lubricant purportedly made through interpreting ancient Egyptian hieroglyphs .
The pyramid , a 27 - foot tall structure covered with copper plate is the faith 's headquarters and contains the mummified remains of Corky Ra , born Claude Rex Nowell , who first brought suit against Pleasant Grove City over the monument in 2003 and died in January at 63 .
Though Ra is the only person the sect has mummified , Summum has preserved several pets , including Menu 's poodle , many of which are displayed in the pyramid .
Menu said thousands of people have contacted Summum for information about being mummified .
At oral arguments last Wednesday , the justices posed a range of hypothetical questions to figure out how free speech should be exercised both by cities and individuals .
" You have a Statute of Liberty .
Do we have to have a statue of despotism ? " asked Chief Justice John Roberts .
" Or do we have to put up any president who wants to be on Mount Rushmore ? "
Justice John Paul Stevens asked whether calling something " government speech " meant a monument could be rejected simply because you dislike its message .
The court has yet to pass down a single sweeping ruling that applies to all religious monuments in public spaces .
In 1980 , displays of the Ten Commandments were banned from public schools .
In 2005 , the court allowed a 57 - year - old Ten Commandments monument to remain on the grounds of the Texas statehouse but that same year ordered the removal of a the Decalogue from the walls of two Tennessee county courthouses .
The Summum case asks the Court to draw a distinct line on religious monuments in public spaces , which it has been reluctant to do in the past .
" There is a fundamental difference between opening up a forum , taking acres of a park and saying everybody gets to go in , " said Jay Sekulow , head of the American Center for Law and Justice , which is representing the city , " and another situation where the government is clearly controlling it not for a subversive reason . "
Sekulow told ABC News.com that Summum 's beliefs " did not factor into the city 's decision to not grant a permit for the monument .
They did n't know anything about Summum .
They did n't know about the Seven Aphorisms .
They just knew that monument had nothing to do with the history of the park . "
The Court is not expected to reach a decision until the spring , but Menu said either way they 'll continue to fight for the right to free speech and free exercise of religion .
In the pyramid , adherents also brew an alcoholic beverage they call " nectar , " or " liquid knowledge , " consumed before meditation sessions .
Menu said she knows some of the religion 's practices may seem strange , but that all religions do things that seem weird to outsiders .
" We 're always being slammed with the label ' New Age , ' and being called a ' New Age group . '
What does that even mean ? "
Menu said .
" We 're not weirdos worshiping mummies , like some people have suggested .
We 're normal people trying to understand the universe and taking a spiritual journey . "
As for the aliens who visited Ra in the 1970s , Menu said many religions believe in similar visitations .
Menu said Summum was n't just about " mumbo jumbo " but was based on the natural principles and feelings of inclusiveness that underpin many of the world 's faiths .
" We believe all religions speak to the people who practice them so long as they feel comfortable doing that .
Our philosophy is pure and simple .
It is nature 's law .
Everyone wants to make things complex .
All religions are trying to improve people 's spiritual lives .
They are all saying the same thing . "
When the Tribune Company announced that it was filing for bankruptcy , last Monday , Sam Zell , the man who bought the company a year ago , for $ 8.2 billion , said that its problems were the result of a “ perfect storm . ”
You take readers and advertisers who were already migrating away from print , and add a steep recession , and you ’ve got serious trouble .
What Zell failed to mention was that his acquisition of the company had buried it beneath such a heavy pile of debt that any storm at all would likely have sunk it .
But although Zell was making excuses for his own mismanagement , the perfect storm is real enough , and it is threatening to destroy newspapers as we know them .
Layoffs and buyouts have become routine .
The Miami Herald and the San Diego Union - Tribune are reportedly on the selling block , while lawmakers in Connecticut are trying to keep two newspapers there afloat .
Even the New York Times Company has slashed its dividend and announced that it would borrow against its headquarters to avoid cash - flow problems .
Illustration by Christoph Niemann
There ’s no mystery as to the source of all the trouble : advertising revenue has dried up .
In the third quarter alone , it dropped eighteen per cent , or almost two billion dollars , from last year .
For most of the past decade , newspaper companies had profit margins that were the envy of other industries .
This year , they have been happy just to stay in the black .
Many traditional advertisers , like big department stores , are struggling , and the bursting of the housing bubble has devastated real - estate advertising .
Even online ads , which were supposed to rescue the business , have declined lately , and they are , in any case , nowhere near as lucrative as their print counterparts .
Papers ’ attempts to deal with the new environment by cutting costs have n’t helped : trimming staff and reducing coverage make newspapers less appealing to readers and advertisers .
It may be no coincidence that papers that have avoided the steepest cutbacks , like the Wall Street Journal and USA Today , have done a better job of holding onto readers .
Newspaper readership has been slowly dropping for decades — as a percentage of the population , newspapers have about half as many subscribers as they did four decades ago — but the Internet helped turn that slow puncture into a blowout .
Papers now seem to be the equivalent of the railroads at the start of the twentieth century — a once - great business eclipsed by a new technology .
In a famous 1960 article called “ Marketing Myopia , ” Theodore Levitt held up the railroads as a quintessential example of companies ’ inability to adapt to changing circumstances .
Levitt argued that a focus on products rather than on customers led the companies to misunderstand their core business .
Had the bosses realized that they were in the transportation business , rather than the railroad business , they could have moved into trucking and air transport , rather than letting other companies dominate .
By extension , many argue that if newspapers had understood they were in the information business , rather than the print business , they would have adapted more quickly and more successfully to the Net .
There ’s some truth to this .
Local papers could have been more aggressive in leveraging their brand names to dominate the market for online classifieds , instead of letting Craigslist usurp that market .
And while the flood of online information has made the job of aggregation and filtering tremendously valuable , none of the important aggregation sites , to say nothing of Google News , are run by a paper .
Even now , papers often display a “ not invented here ” mentality , treating their sites as walled gardens , devoid of links to other news outlets .
From a print perspective , that ’s understandable : why would you advertise good work that ’s being done elsewhere ?
But it ’s an approach that makes no sense on the Web .
These mistakes have been undeniably costly , but they ’re not the whole story .
The peculiar fact about the current crisis is that even as big papers have become less profitable they ’ve arguably become more popular .
The blogosphere , much of which piggybacks on traditional journalism ’s content , has magnified the reach of newspapers , and although papers now face far more scrutiny , this is a kind of backhanded compliment to their continued relevance .
Usually , when an industry runs into the kind of trouble that Levitt was talking about , it ’s because people are abandoning its products .
But people do n’t use the Times less than they did a decade ago .
They use it more .
The difference is that today they do n’t have to pay for it .
The real problem for newspapers , in other words , is n’t the Internet ; it ’s us .
We want access to everything , we want it now , and we want it for free .
That ’s a consumer ’s dream , but eventually it ’s going to collide with reality : if newspapers ’ profits vanish , so will their product .
Does that mean newspapers are doomed ?
Not necessarily .
There are many possible futures one can imagine for them , from becoming foundation - run nonprofits to relying on reader donations to that old standby the deep - pocketed patron .
It ’s even possible that a few papers will be able to earn enough money online to make the traditional ad - supported strategy work .
But it would not be shocking if , sometime soon , there were big American cities that had no local newspaper ; more important , we ’re almost sure to see a sharp decline in the volume and variety of content that newspapers collectively produce .
For a while now , readers have had the best of both worlds : all the benefits of the old , high - profit regime — intensive reporting , experienced editors , and so on — and the low costs of the new one .
But that situation ca n’t last .
Soon enough , we ’re going to start getting what we pay for , and we may find out just how little that is . ♦
There ’s an article over at RedHerring which argues that the hype surrounding the iPhone and iPod Touch as gaming devices is just that , hype .
The article points out that while the gaming experience on the iPhone is superior compared to that of other smartphones , it still lags way behind the gaming capabilities of the Nintendo DS and the Sony PSP .
This is admittedly true , but this argument ignores the larger picture .
Namely , the iPhone does n’t need to compete directly with the DS or PSP in order to be a successful gaming platform .
The iPhone is a button - less device , and is therefore at a distinct disadvantage when it comes to playing a number of games .
So in that regard , the article is spot on when it quotes a research director at Gartner who said :
“ Certainly the gaming experience on the iPhone is superior to what you get from an average mobile device , however , I think that people who are buying a DS or PSP will continue to do so . ”
But this misses the point entirely .
What makes the iPhone as a gaming platform so exciting is n’t that it ’s going to compete with Sony and Nintendo for the hardcore gamers , but rather that it appears to be opening up an entirely new market of gaming by appealing to the casual gamer .
An analogous example would be that of the Wii compared to the Xbox 360 and Sony PS3 .
Hardcore gamers are always going to choose the Xbox and PS3 over the Wii , but what ’s made the Wii so successful is that it ’s been able to appeal to a somewhat untapped demographic via its unique gameplay .
People who rarely played video games in the past were lining up to buy the Wii .
The Wii essentially made video games more accessible to the masses by making it more user - friendly .
The iPhone seems to be going down the same path .
There have already been over 200 million downloaded applications from the iTunes app store , and there ’s no sign that things will be letting up anytime soon .
People who would never dream of buying a DS or PSP are downloading iPhone games by the MILLIONS , and though they might not be intense RPG ’s , they ’re cheap , fun , and downright addicting .
And just like the Wii , the unique feature set of the iPhone allows developers to get more creative when developing games for the platform .
So while the iPhone might not be the device of choice for serious shoot - em- ups , it ’s important to remember that there will also be a slew of games on the iPhone that wo n’t be suitable for the DS or PSP .
The iPhone has an acceleromator , a multi - touch screen , GPS functionality , and Wi-Fi capabilities , and developers have just scratched the surface when it comes to incorporating those features into games .
Also , the iPhone is a lot bigger than just games .
Sure , over 25 % of downloaded applications are games , but that still leaves a huge 75 % that ’s devoted to a wide variety of other applications .
In that regard , comparisons to the DS and PSP are misguided as the iPhone is not simply a gaming device , but rather a device that can be any sort of device you want it to be depending on what applications you download .
It can be a gaming device .
A music device .
A learning device .
A movie device .
And the list can go on and on .
It ’s also important to remember that the iPhone SDK has n’t even been around for a year , and that the applications are just going to get better and better as the platform continues to attract talented developers .
And with major game publishers such as EA and Sega devoting a lot of resources towards iPhone development , the difference in quality between iPhone games and console games will inevitably get smaller and smaller .
Hardcore fans of the DS and PSP wo n’t be picking up an iPhone anytime soon , but that ’s irrelevant .
What ’s important is that people who have no interest in serious gaming will be picking up an iPhone or iPod Touch .
The shape of traffic lights has barely changed since they were invented — there have always been three round lights : red , yellow and green .
Initially , the sections were round simply because this allowed the spherical bulp inside light the glass evenly .
Today traffic lights use super bright light diodes that can be arranged in any way .
And the sections are plastic , which also means any shape can be created .
Our idea is to produce square traffic lights .
This can make the signals more easily noticeable and recognizable , with larger lit area for the same overall dimensions .
Additional section also needs to be modified .
Now drivers see green light when they are allowed to make the turn , but no light at all if they have to wait .
There should be some symbol to display , to show the turn is not allowed ( using two color diodes )
Square traffic lights would benefit the image of any city .
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
Updated : Sequoia Capital , arguably the smartest venture capital investor in business , is sounding the alarm and asking its portfolio companies to buckle down for what could be the worst economic downturn of their relatively short lives .
The fund organized a meeting yesterday where it invited entreprenuers / CEOs from its portfolio companies .
The attendees were greeted by a cute image of a Grave Stone , with a message : R.I.P. : Good Times , my sources tell me .
I was able to confirm this with at least two sources .
I am currently trying to nail down more details .
Sequoia Capital declined to comment on the news .
The gathering was addressed by at least four speakers , including a brief introduction by Mike Moritiz .
Doug Leone was another speaker .
I am still trying to nail down more details of the two other speakers .
A person who handles Sequoia ’s public market investments is said to have talked to the startups .
The message delivered to those in attendance was that things could get a lot worse than people think , and it will be a more protracted downturn .
To give a historical perspective , Sequoia had a similar meeting back before the last bubble unraveled burst .
We know how that turned out .
They want the companies to cut costs , to figure out way to survive and emerge at the other end of this downturn , which could last years .
The speakers went through each functional area of the business and told the companies how to cut costs .
By holding this special meeting , Sequoia is telling its companies to put survival strategies in place and figure out ways to outlast the broader market troubles .
Uber-investor Mike Moritiz told The Financial Times earlier this week : “ It ’s pretty clear that demand is going to soften across the board for every company – it does n’t matter if you ’re selling to consumers or companies . ”
Moritiz is n’t one to mince words , and is one of those few people who likes to get ahead of the fire and not fight it from behind .
Sequoia is n’t the only one advising its startups to tighten their fiscal belts and prepare for a gut - wrenching ride .
Ron Conway , a well - known angel investor in the Valley who has invested in companies like Google , offered very sobering advice to his companies via an email earlier today .
Raising capital will be much more difficult now .
You should lower your “ burn rate ” to raise at least 3 - 6 months or more of funding via cost reductions , even if it means staff reductions and reduced marketing and G&A expenses .
This is the equivalent to “ raising an internal round ” through cost reductions to buy you more time until you need to raise money again ; hopefully when fund raising is more feasible .
Letting go of staff is hard and often gut - wrenching .
A re-evaluation of timelines and re-focus on milestones with an eye to doing more with less will allow you to live many more days , and the name of the game in this environment in some respects is survival — survival until conditions change .
If you are in a funding cycle , you should raise your funding as soon as possible and raise as much as possible but face the fact that if you ca n’t raise money now you must cut costs .
Folks this is bad news for Silicon Valley , which has been living in a bubble , assuming that it is going to weather the global economic storm without being impacted .
We have been following this story since last year , pointing out that the tech is not an island .
NEW YORK � ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Stocks rallied Monday afternoon , with the Dow rallying 976 points during the session , as investors bet that the worst of the credit crisis is over , following a series of global initiatives announced over the last few days .
The Dow Jones industrial average ( INDU ) ended 936 points higher , after having risen as much as 976 points during the session .
The advance was the largest ever during a session on a point basis .
The point gain was equal to 11.1 % , the best one - day percentage gain since Sept. 1932 and the fifth - best ever .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 ( SPX ) index added 104 points , its best one - day point gain ever , equal to 11.6 % .
That was also the best percentage gain since Sept. 1932 and the fourth - best overall .
The Nasdaq composite ( COMP ) added almost 195 points , the 10th best day on a point basis .
The gain of 11.8 % was its second - best ever , after a gain of 14.2 % on Jan. 3 , 2001 , right near the end of the tech bubble .
Stocks were buoyant Monday as investors welcomed a global effort to unfreeze the credit market and get money flowing through the system again .
Although stocks reacted positively , credit markets barely budged .
" We had some good news this morning from the Fed and the other central banks , but we were also oversold on an historic level and due for a big bounce , " said Ryan Detrick , senior technical strategist at Schaeffer 's Investment Research .
Monday 's rally increased market value by $ 1.2 trillion , the largest single - day paper value gain ever according to an advance in the Dow Jones Wilshire 5000 , the broadest measure of the stock market .
That cut in half the $ 2.4 trillion in market value the Wilshire lost in the recent 8 - session bloodletting .
Last week was the Dow 's worst ever , ending a stunning eight - session selloff that seared 2,400 points off the blue - chip indicator .
That represented a 22 % decline in the Dow , something not seen since at least the '30s .
Detrick said that not only had the Dow fallen for eight straight sessions , but it had also fallen for eight straight weeks .
" We basically saw a crash , and so you 're going to see a big bounce off that , " he said .
That bounce was predicated by the day 's news , with investors breathing a sigh of relief that some specifics were finally released regarding the $ 700 billion bank bailout .
" But the devil will be in the details , in terms of what we hear tomorrow , " said Chris Johnson , CEO at Johnson Research Group .
On Tuesday , the Treasury Department is expected to release more specifics on the bailout .
Whether the rally can continue beyond the short - term is unclear , as analysts debate whether the market really put in a bottom on Friday .
Johnson said he 's not convinced .
He equated Monday 's rally to a beach ball that has been pushed further and further under the water , where it builds up so much pressure that when it is finally released , it bounces .
" We saw a lot of desperate selling over the last few weeks and at some point , these stocks start to look attractive , " Christopher Colarik , portfolio manager at Glenmede Investment Management .
Previous efforts to get the credit markets moving again had failed to reassure investors , but the latest developments seemed to provide reassurance .
" Seeing that there 's going to be more of a global commitment to resolving the financial crisis has given confidence to investors and gotten them to put some money to work , " Colarik said .
Movers : Gains were broad based , with all but 3 of the Nasdaq 100 ( NDX ) gaining and all but 1 of the Dow 30 rising .
The Dow 's biggest gainer was General Motors ( GM , Fortune 500 ) , which surged 33 % after having been hit hard in the recent selloff .
GM has reportedly held talks with Chrysler about a possible merger , although analysts say GM would need to raise cash ahead of any potential deal .
Other Dow gainers included Alcoa ( AA , Fortune 500 ) , up 22.8 % ; Chevron ( CVX , Fortune 500 ) , up 21 % ; Microsoft ( MSFT , Fortune 500 ) , up 18.6 % ; and American Express ( AXP , Fortune 500 ) , up 18 % .
The Dow 's lone decliner was General Electric ( GE , Fortune 500 ) , which reported weak quarterly earnings late Friday .
It was also among the 18 components of the S&P 500 that did n't join the rally .
Other S&P losers included a number of homebuilders and bank sector stocks .
One notable exception in the financial sector was Morgan Stanley ( MS , Fortune 500 ) .
Morgan gained 87 % after it said it had completed plans to sell a 21 % stake in itself to Japanese bank Mitsubishi UFJ for $ 9 billion .
Market breadth was positive .
On the New York Stock Exchange , winners topped losers by over 18 to 1 on volume of 1.82 billion shares .
On the Nasdaq , advancers beat decliners by over 5 to 1 on volume of 2.67 billion shares .
The latest : On Monday , Neel Kashkari , assistant Treasury Secretary and interim head of the $ 700 billion bailout program - outlined some of the steps the government will take in the weeks and months ahead .
The program includes buying soured mortgage assets from banks and buying stock in a number of financial institutions .
( Full story )
Meanwhile , House Democrats are meeting Monday to put together a second economic stimulus package that could be worth $ 150 billion , although House Republicans are reportedly skeptical , CNN reports .
World leaders met over the weekend to come up with solutions .
After an emergency meeting Sunday , 15 European nations agreed to help their troubled banks by adding capital and guaranteeing inter - bank lending .
( Full story )
Additionally , the British government said it would pump $ 63 billion into three of the country 's banks .
And the U.S. central bank said it will offer an unlimited amount of dollars to three other central banks in an effort to keep money flowing .
( Full story )
The Fed announced an emergency rate cut last week , has pledged to help U.S. companies by buying short - term debt directly from businesses and has made billions available to banks in return for damaged assets .
Credit markets still frozen :
The recently announced initiatives made a small dent in the lending freeze Monday , although conditions remained tight .
The three - month Libor , or what banks charge each other to borrow for three months , eased to 4.75 % from a 2008 high of 4.82 % Friday .
The Libor - OIS spread , a measure of cash scarcity , eased to 3.61 % from a record 3.67 % Friday , suggesting cash is more available than at the end of last week .
The TED spread , which is the difference between what banks pay to borrow from each other for three months and what the Treasury pays , fell to 4.57 % after spiking to an all - time high of 4.65 % Friday .
The wider the spread , the more reluctant banks are to lend to each other , rather than from the federal government .
When markets are fairly calm , banks charge each other premiums that are not much higher than the U.S. government .
Treasury bond markets are closed Monday for Columbus Day .
( Full story )
Other markets : U.S. light crude oil for November delivery settled up $ 3.49 to $ 81.19 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange .
On Friday , oil prices plunged more than $ 8 to a 13 - month low .
( Full story )
Oil prices have tumbled on bets of slowing demand since the price of crude hit an all - time high of $ 147.27 a barrel on July 11 .
The price of gas decreased for the 26th consecutive day , according to a survey of credit card activity by motorist group AAA .
COMEX gold for December delivery tumbled $ 16.50 to $ 842.50 an ounce .
In currency trading , the dollar slipped against the euro and the yen .
Steve Watson
Infowars.net
Wednesday , Nov 6 , 2008
Texas Congressman and 2008 presidential candidate Ron Paul has warned that the euphoria surrounding the election of Barack Obama combined with the overwhelming fear of major international crises could facilitate a cataclysmic shift toward a new world order .
Appearing live on the Alex Jones show earlier today , the Congressman spoke of a feeling of dread surrounding the change of guard both in the White House and on Capitol Hill :
“ I do feel it but I do n’t think it ’s brand new , I did n’t wake up with it , I ’ve had it for a while , I do n’t think the election was a surprise , but the rhetoric is getting pretty strong and they are getting very bold . ” he commented .
Speaking on the stage management of the election , and calling it a “ huge distraction ” from real issues , the Congressman outlined how both candidates were pre-positioned by the elite interests with the knowledge that either would satisfactorily serve their agenda :
“ I think McCain was obviously a back up candidate in case something happened where Obama did n’t win , they ’d have been satisfied with McCain , but they have been positioning Obama for a long long time . ”
“ This started even before he announced he was running .
Anybody who would have gotten that much favorable coverage for so long , you know that the plans are laid for him to be the individual that ’s going to be taking care of the corporate elite . ” the Congressman continued .
Paul also warned that Democrats gains within the House and the Senate make for a particularly worrying situation of absolute power , similar to that held by the Republican party eight years ago .
“ Just as a Republican Congress would n’t say boo to a Republican Congress , you know that the Democratic Congress is NEVER going to stand up . ”
“ I think it is very dangerous and the first year is going to be the most dangerous year . ”
Paul stated .
“ Just think of Bush ’s first year , he also had the 9/11 thing that he could use to scare everybody to death .
And Obama will use the financial crisis , which will get worse , and there will be more military skirmishes around the world . ”
Paul asserted .
The Congressman also warned that many Republican representatives may go along with Obama just to win favor with the electorate and be seen to follow popular opinion .
Commenting on the much touted “ International crisis ” that luminaries such as Colin Powell , Joe Biden and Zbigniew Brzezinski have all guaranteed will occur within weeks of Obama entering the White House , the Congressman stated that he believes it may be a catalyst for a shift toward world government :
“ I think it ’s going to be an announcement of a new monetary order , and they ’ll probably make it sound very limited , they ’re not going to say this is world government , even though it is if you control the world ’s money and you control the military , which they do indirectly . ”
“ A world central bank , worldwide regulation and world control of the whole system , of all the commodities and all the natural resources , what else can you call it other than world government ? ”
“ Obama would n’t be there if he did n’t toe the line , and when the meeting starts on November 15th for the new monetary system , this could be the beginning of the end of what ’s left of our national sovereignty . ”
Paul said , also warning that the global media are already hailing Obama as the world ’s leader .
With Obama having previously announced that he will shift military attention to Pakistan , the Congressman also warned that the president elect will , thanks to the previous administration , have the necessary precedent to escalate the war on terror :
“ It ’s the philosophy of the Bush doctrine , which was that we have the right to preemptively strike anybody and then he even expanded that recently by saying we do n’t have to invade and conquer , but we have the right to go in and bomb anybody without their permission , and that ’s why we go into Pakistan and Syria , which are acts of war .
So they have the tools to do it and the sentiment and most Americans are oblivious to what is happening . ”
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Paul also suggested that any escalation could be facilitated by false flag events such as Gulf of Tonkin style incidents .
Urging listeners not to lose faith in the campaign for liberty and the quest to restore and the Republic , Ron Paul spoke of reason to look ahead :
“ We have to look for sources of optimism … ultimately though all that happens to us is a result of philosophy and beliefs and convictions and that is where I think we have made some inroads .
We have drawn attention to the importance of monetary policy , the importance of the central bank , the importance of how government causes so much problems , it ’s just that we ’re in the minority . ”
Paul said .
“ We have to continue to do what we are doing , you are in the business of passing on and spreading information , that , to me , is most crucial , getting more people engaged , more people understanding what the issues are , nothing else is more important than that .
Then when you see an opportunity we have to turn this into political action . ” the Congressman concluded .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Afirma Guillermo Prieto que estos instrumentos son útiles cuando se utilizan con responsabilidad , como el caso del gobierno federal
El presidente de la Bolsa Mexicana de Valores , Guillermo Prieto Treviño , hizo un llamado a diferente actores políticos y autoridades competentes para " no aplicar medidas que restrinjan el uso de derivados " y , en cambio , pidió avanzar en la supervisión y en el control interno , así como en la regulación de un buen gobierno corporativo .
Durante la inauguración de la XIX Convención del Mercado de Valores , y ante el presidente Felipe Calderón , afirmó que no se ha presentado ningún incumplimiento en este mercado .
Sostuvo que " los productos derivados son útiles cuando realmente son utilizados con responsabilidad , como es el caso del gobierno federal , que hizo operaciones con derivados " .
Dijo que el mercado de valores operará de una manera eficiente , donde será el motor de la actividad económica en la actual crisis económica mundial .
amr
Even Apple Inc. is beginning to suffer in this year 's dismal holiday season , and worries are mounting the recession will weigh on its business next year .
Apple , which has outpaced the overall personal computer market this year despite its strategy of eschewing discounts , showed its first signs of weakness in November .
Sales of Macs in U.S. stores last month declined 1 % from a year ago , while industry - wide PC sales rose 2 % , according to research firm NPD Group Inc. , which tracks retail sales .
NPD analyst Steve Baker blamed a 35 % drop in sales of desktop Macs , noting growth in Apple 's laptops still outpaced rivals .
The decline marks a sharp reversal for Apple , which has enjoyed robust demand this year for its Macs , even as spending on Windows - based PCs slowed along with sales of other electronics like flat - panel TVs .
To drive sales of its iPhone , analysts expect Apple to begin selling it at Wal - Mart Stores Inc. , possibly at a discount .
The revelation that the Saudi Arabian government and Indian businessmen and politicians have donated millions of dollars to Bill Clinton 's charitable foundation is likely to provoke allegations that his international fundraising could conflict with America 's interests if his wife is confirmed as the next US secretary of state .
By far the biggest donor to the William J Clinton Foundation was Saudi Arabia , which gave a a total of $ 41 m ( £ 27 m ) .
Bill and Hillary 's good relations with prominent Israeli politicians may defuse the political controversy aroused by Saudi backing , but Pakistani perceptions the US foreign policy establishment is biased towards India are likely to be fuelled by the publication yesterday of the donor list , under a deal agreed with Barack Obama 's incoming administration as a precondition for Senator Clinton 's nomination .
There was also potential domestic controversy over some of the foundation 's backers .
The private security company Blackwater - listed as having made a donation of up to $ 25,000 - is mired in controversy as five of its employees were indicted by a US grand jury for manslaughter and weapons charges following the deaths of 17 Iraqis in an incident last year in Baghdad .
Blackwater Worldwide 's contract to protect American diplomats is up for renewal by the state department next year .
The list does not provide exact donations , instead categorising contributors according to a broad range of sums paid .
A wealthy Indian politician , Amar Singh , was listed as giving between $ 1 m and $ 5 m .
Singh hosted former president Clinton on a trip to India three years ago , and met Senator Clinton in September to discuss a bilateral agreement on civil nuclear cooperation .
That deal has been heavily criticised by counter - proliferation activists as legitimising India 's development of nuclear weapons .
Hillary Clinton 's nomination has majority support in the Senate foreign relations committee , but the committee 's leading Republican , Richard Lugar , has said there were " legitimate questions " for her to answer about her husband 's " cosmic ties " with many of the world 's richest people .
Right when you think products have not become ridiculous enough , along comes something that will change your perception completely .
There is a thin line between comedy and offense that should not be crossed , and the product in this article just waltzed past it without a care in the world .
Apparently , there is now a Keyboard for blondes .
We all type .
Typing is one of the first things we learn in computer class , and the skills for typing are something we pick up at a very young age .
Kids nowadays can type at speeds unimaginable , mainly because typing has become a major necessity for people if they want to communicate .
Does n’t matter if you want to chat with your girlfriend in Oklahoma , prepare a presentation , make a report for that damn thesis which is due tomorrow , or write a blog for all your fans waiting for the next post , you need to know how to type , and type quick .
In such cases it is really important to know all your keyboard commands , and in case you do not know them , at least you can look at the keys themselves and try to figure it out .
Well what if we told you that this product is a keyboard which can be not only useless , but daunting at the face of it as well ?
It is the perfect insult comedy gift that is bound to leave you in splits when you actually see it , and can be used as a gag gift to your friends who maybe fans of the Reese Witherspoon character .
There is absolutely no way you can beat this keyboard and hurling a large one at all the blondes out there .
Ladies and gentlemen , presenting to you , the keyboard for blondes .
It is not lesser known anywhere in the world that there is a stereotypical image of blondes as being self obsessed , narcissistic and on the other extreme end of intellectual prowess .
That being said , the stereotype might not necessarily be true .
There are many accomplished females in the world who are quite blonde , and yet they have the best brains one could imagine .
Being blonde has nothing to do with being stupid , but it is one of the images that Hollywood films like to project at all times .
In horror movies , especially , the blonde character is always shown to be intellectually retarded , while being completely immersed in them .
Then there are movies like Legally Blonde where the protagonist is completely blonde and hence keeps goofing up all along the way .
Therefore the whole built images of blondes not being able to do complex tasks ( taking on such menial jobs like maids and manicurists ) , in case typing , has brought about this immensely hilarious but completely offensive gag gift .
At the first notice , the keyboard for blondes is alarmingly pink .
The base of the keyboard along with the keys on top of it are all pink it color , and it would look completely ridiculous in any kind of a professional setting .
There would be no need for further jokes on the blonde stereotype but this one does it all and even goes the extra mile .
The keys themselves are an offense to all blondes across the world .
It tries to emulate that blondes cannot work on a keyboard and wo n’t know the meaning of words like backspace , enter and shift .
It also implies heavily on the assumption that blondes cannot punctuate , spell or use proper sentence structure while writing or typing .
There is no way anything can be more offensive than that .
This is exactly why the keyboard keys are the second most offensive thing about the keyboard .
For example , the backspace key is labeled ‘ oops ’ and the shift key is labeled ‘ smart blonde ’ implying that blondes are dumb enough , either to be able to make the beginning of each letter in upper case , or implying that blondes are so dumb they cannot press shift and another letter at the same time , and the sheer complexity of the task is best left to a ‘ smart blonde ’ .
Then there is the stereotypes that blondes just love saying pointless sentences that reflect how self absorbed and ignorant there are .
There are shortcut keys for phrases like OMG , LOL , ZZZZD implying blondes cannot type these out themselves and need special assistance to do so .
It also implies that blondes cannot communicate without using any of these phrases .
Now it depends on the person who is buying this , whether they are buying it on purpose to completely go with the flow and laugh at themselves .
On a larger point though , do not give it to someone who ’s sensitive and easily offended .
And blonde .
During the Great Depression , the government tried to revive the economy with the New Deal ’s public work projects , and ended up paying people to dig unneeded ditches .
In today ’s deep recession , digital age advocates are trying to persuade President - elect Barack Obama to put billions into a nationwide broadband build - out as part of his planned economic stimulus package .
Given that the internet has grown into an indispensable tool for the economy , for people ’s personal lives and for the nation ’s political discourse , spending billions to keep it stable and expand its reach is simply common sense .
But how do we make sure that the billions are n’t spent creating the 21st century equivalent of ditches to nowhere ?
The question of how to spend that money most effectively is largely unanswerable , since almost no one knows anything about the internet ’s infrastructure and those that do know are n’t sharing that information with policymakers or regulators .
In a radio address earlier this month , Obama already signaled that the stimulus package will earmark billions to spur broadband deployment in order to keep the U.S. from sinking even lower than 15th on the list of well - wired countries .
There are many urging that the $ 800 billion or so economic stimulus plan include money for broader broadband .
Higher education IT consortium EDUCAUSE suggests $ 100 billion ( .pdf ) be spent on fat fiber optic links to homes , while FreePress , a net neutrality advocacy group , has a $ 44 billion plan .
For its part , the FCC has a pending proposal to open a swath of the airwaves dedicated to free , but filtered , wireless internet .
But the problem is that no one knows the best way to make the internet more resilient , accessible and secure , since there ’s no just no public data .
The ISP and backbone internet providers do n’t tell anyone anything .
For instance , the government does n’t know how many people actually have broadband or what they pay for it .
In short , how can anyone decide what ’s the best way to build a bigger information super - highway when the toll operators wo n’t say anything about the current use of the road ?
Bruce Kushnick , a longtime advocate for more broadband and a founder of TeleTruth , blames the FCC .
" The FCC has essentially created a fictional story about broadband ’s growth and deployment , " Kushnick said .
" Had the FCC done the actual work to examine the history of broadband and then questioned why
America was not getting properly upgraded , we would n’t be 15th in the world in broadband . "
In September , the FCC found that its data collection on internet broadband was incomplete and thus ruled that AT&T , Qwest and
Verizon could stop filing some reports — because the requirements did not extend to cable companies , too .
FCC Commissioner Johnathan Adelstein dissented in part , writing :
Just as an airplane pilot would not land a plane with eyes closed and instruments off , the Commission must ensure that its decision - making is guided by sufficient data .
Particularly as telecommunications markets move to a less regulated model , the FCC can also play an important role by providing information directly to consumers that will empower them to choose among competitive carriers .
With so many benefits from the Commission ’s efforts to collect and share market information , we should be skeptical about proposals to effectively jettison a host of reporting requirements that may help the
Commission perform its consumer protection , broadband , competition and public safety functions .
Should Congress attach net neutrality rules to any federal funds ?
Should governments subsidize companies like AT&T even more ?
Compel cities to lay down and rent out fiber to the home ?
How much pipe is already laid ?
Who owns the pipe now , and who should own the pipe in the future ?
Should broadband companies be regulated like utilities or be subject to common carrier rules like airlines are ?
How much competition is there already ?
What happened to all the promises that the nation ’s phone companies made about cheap DSL ?
What ’s been the effect of freeing the phone companies from having to lease their lines at wholesale prices , besides the closure of thousands of small ISPs ?
Where ’s the congestion ?
What pipes are not used and why not ?
There ’s simply a lack of information .
The tubes are private .
The connections between them are ever shifting and their mere existence is covered by non-disclosure agreements .
KC Claffy , the principal investigator for Cooperative Association for Internet Data Analysis or CAIDA , recently gave a presentation to a group pulled together by the Department of Homeland Security ’s science and technology group , comparing the lack of transparency about how the internet works to that lack of information which brought down the international banking industry .
Claffy writes :
The FCC is not exempt from the facts either — the agency should be pursuing empirically grounded validation of the claimed efficiency of its own policies , even if it requires trading temporary spectrum unlicensing as an experiment to gather realistic baseline data on wireless network behavior to policymakers .
The academic community could even help design such a network , geared toward public safety objectives and supporting scientific research balanced carefully against individual privacy .
It is thus in interest of taxpayers for governments to promote and sometimes directly fund universal deployment of network infrastructure .
More generally , government needs to prevent monopoly control over essential resources , mandate collection of traffic reports from ISPs to validate their claims , be a better role model for operational security and coordinate the development of a road map for Internet security similar to that of the energy sector .
To be fair , the FCC did finally move in March to require more some more detailed reporting from ISPs and to update its definition of broadband so that only connections of 768 Kbps or faster count ( the low end of most DSL offerings ) .
For years , the FCC classified any connection of 200 Kbps or higher as broadband , allowing the agency to make inflated claims about the number of people with quality connections to the net .
Under the new rules , a telecom also can no longer say that a ZIP
code is wired for the millennium so long as one house in the area subscribes to a service at 200 Kbps .
Billions for a better internet , sure — but in absence of some real data , some real experiments , and some real verifiable science , that money is likely to be wasted or simply handed off to big telecom companies that have already proven they are n’t in any hurry to wire us up to future .
Image : One Visualization of the Internet Copyrighted Image : CAIDA , courtesy The Regents of the University of California
See Also :
Vida Guerra's Ship is Sinking Fast
Vida Guerra is famous for one thing and one thing only , her delicious posterior .
Guerra posed for FHM Magazine back in 2002 for a lingerie spread which quickly ignited her career ; her booty became the was the center of attention , if not the Universe .
Six years , dozens of photo shoots , music videos , spoof videos , and one hacked cell phone later , Guerra 's career is sinking lower than the Titanic headed for an ass - shaped iceberg .
We 're not sure what the fuss is about anymore , but here are some shots of Guerra from the Spike TV Video Game Awards .
And Karl McCain started it .
Kos responds to one of my reader 's e-mails :
To all the concerned people emailing me about " being played " , do n't waste your time .
I 'm not about to revert to writing puff pieces about Obama thinking that his magic " new politics " bullshit will carry us to victory .
He may or may not believe that crap , but I do n't .
We 're going to win this thing the way campaigns are won -- by playing hardball .
Politics is a blood sport .
Republicans understand this and never flinch from flinging the shit .
We wo n't win until we learn to fight back in kind .
And I 'm more than happy to get down in the mud with our friends on the Right so Obama does n't have to .
Recent history vindicates the " tough and aggressive " path .
We went toe to toe against Rove and his machine in 2006 , and our math beat his .
I have no doubt we 're in for a two - peat this year , and it'll happen because we wo n't back off from exposing the GOP for the den of lies and corruption it has become .
I tend to agree more with Nate Silver .
But I do think that Moulitsas ' distinction between what the Obama campaign can do and what the rest of us can do is a fair one .
I intend to be relentless for the next six weeks , morning , noon and night , weeks and weekdays , exposing the lies of the McCain - Palin campaign and showing their unfitness - in terms of competence , decency , intelligence , and experience - to become president and vice - president of the US .
I will be making arguments and presenting facts in ways I do not expect and do not want Obama himself to engage him .
But these last two weeks - and this absurd , insulting pick for veep - has roused me .
As I know it has roused many .
McCain needs to be more than defeated .
He needs to be exposed as the dishonest , despicable , desperate and dishonorable cynic he has become .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
The Big Three are on their own for now .
Congressional efforts to rescue Detroit 's auto makers collapsed Thursday , with lawmakers saying the industry lacked credible plans to return to profitability .
The decision came after two days in which leaders of three of America 's largest corporations pleaded for a taxpayer - financed rescue from lawmakers ...
Majel Barrett Roddenberry died yesterday .
She was a hell of a lady , who loved Star Trek and Star Trek fans like no other .
Some knew her as the original Number One , some knew her as Lwaxana Troi , and everyone knew her as the ship 's computer , but I just knew her as Majel , my friend Rod 's mom , who always treated me like he and I were brothers .
Since we got the news yesterday , a lot of people have asked me if I can tell a story as a way to remember her .
I 've dug around in the attic of my mind for hours , and the best I can do is :
We always had fun when we were working on Next Generation , but when Majel was on the set , it was a party .
Princess Pushy to finally pay the £ 10,000 - a- month rent on Kensington Palace apartment
Prince and Princess Michael of Kent have finally agreed to pay the £ 120,000 rent on their Kensington Palace apartment .
The Queen has been personally subsidising her cousin and his wife - to the tune of £ 10,000 - a- month - for the last six years .
But they have been told that she will not pay after 2009 .
Until 2002 the Kents had been paying only a ' peppercorn rent ' , rumoured to be around £ 69 a week , for their five - bedroom , five - reception room home at the palace in London .
Rent payers : Prince Michael and Princess Michael of Kent will be charged £ 120,000 a year to remain at their five - bedroom , five - reception home
But outraged MPs insisted that the couple , who carry out no official royal duties , should pay the going commercial rate .
The Kents argued that the Queen had given them the use of their palace apartment in 1979 as a wedding present .
But once the writing was on the wall , the Queen , said to feel ' terribly awkward ' about the situation , agreed to bail them out initially .
Long stay :
The royal couple have been using the apartment at Kensington Palace since 1979
The couple have since sold their Gloucestershire home , Nether Lypiatt , and will now pay the rent for their palace apartment themselves .
It will initially be set at £ 120,000 per year but will be index linked .
A spokesman for estate agent firm Savills said this was significantly lower than the market value .
The money will be put towards the Government 's grant - in - aid which pays for the upkeep of royal palaces but specifically earmarked for maintenance work at Kensington Palace .
Former digs : The Prince and Princess sold their Nether Lypiatt Manor in 2006
A Buckingham Palace spokesman said : ' In 2002 it was agreed that rent should be paid on the apartment occupied by Prince and Princess Michael of Kent , and the Queen agreed to pay this rent from her own funds for up to seven years .
It has now been agreed that , from 2010 , Prince and Princess Michael of Kent will remain at their apartment but pay the rent from their own funds . '
The couple 's spokesman , Simon Astaire , added : ' They have wanted clarity and are happy this issue has now been resolved . '
They Kents have always claimed to be paupers - by royal standards at least - with the Princess once joking that she would ' go anywhere for a hot meal ' .
Neither receive a penny from either the state or the Queen and have always had to earn their own keep .
It is understood they will use a significant part of the £ 5 million profit they made from selling Nether Lypiatt to pay for their palace home .
A friend said : ' It 's their family home and they simply do n't want to lose it - whatever the cost . '
Harvard law professor Charles Nesson is arguing , in court , that the Digital Theft Deterrence and Copyright Damages Improvement Act of 1999 is unconstitutional :
He makes the argument that the Digital Theft Deterrence and Copyright Damages Improvement
Act of 1999 is very much unconstitutional , in that its hefty fines for copyright infringement ( misleadingly called “ theft ” in the title of the bill ) show that the bill is effectively a criminal statute , yet for a civil crime .
That ’s because it really focuses on punitive damages , rather than making private parties whole again .
Even worse , it puts the act of enforcing the criminal statute in the hands of a private body ( the RIAA ) who uses it for profit motive in being able to get hefty fines .
Like I did previously for the best couple of attackers , I chose again three teams .
The first one is from Premier League , the Manchester United defence .
Rio Ferdinand and Nemanja Vidic are forming one of the best couple of central defenders in the World and Patrice Evra is considered also one of the best left defender .
The weakest link in the Manchester defence is Gary Neville , the veteran captain .
Anyway Manchester already found a replacement for the 33 year old defender , the 18 year old Brazilian , Rafael which already made some good matches when he had the chance .
The second team is also from Premier League , and it ’s Chelsea ’s defence .
John Terry and Ricardo Carvalho is the best couple of central defenders in my view .
Also Ashley Cole is also one of the best left defender in the World .
Jose Bosingwa , the right defender already settled in Chelsea squad and his performances are increasing from one game to another .
The last one and in my view the best defence in the World is from Serie A , the Inter defence .
Inter has one of the most balanced teams in the World , with good backups on every post .
This is one of the reasons why I have chose them .
Their central defenders , no matter if is Samuel , Cordoba , Chivu , Materazzi or Burdisso , are making the best couple of defenders in Italy .
Maicon , the Brazilian defender , is the best right defender in the World .
Also Javier Zanetti , the Inter captain can play in that position if that is needed .
Maxwell , the left defender is the best left defender in Serie A and one of the best in the World .
Also Chivu can play in that position .
Another reason why I chose them , is the offensive appetit they have shown .
Almost all of the defenders scored important goals for Inter .
The best example here is this weekend victory against Siena 2 - 1 , where both goals were scored by Maicon .
Comments
In October 2007 , while most tech media attention was focused on the OiNK raid , another large site got police attention .
TV - Links , which linked to videos on YouTube - like sites was raided and shutdown , with the admin arrested .
A year later , we catch up with the ex-admin of TV - Links for the entire story .
When it became apparent that TV - Links.co.uk had been raided by police and the admin arrested , the news was met with some disbelief .
TV - Links was a site that linked to videos that were hosted on video sharing sites like YouTube .
It carried absolutely no illicit video content of its own .
Nevertheless , following an investigation by UK Trading Standards , the Federation Against Copyright Theft ( FACT ) and the police , the admin was arrested .
At the time , FACT claimed that he was detained due to “ offenses relating to the facilitation of copyright infringement on the Internet . ”
Except there was a problem .
There is no criminal offense of ‘ facilitation of copyright infringement ’ under English law .
There would have been at least a civil offense if TV - Links had hosted the videos themselves , but they did not .
Sites like YouTube and Dailymotion did , but the police or anti-piracy groups did n’t go after these giants .
Indeed , the police themselves seemed to disagree with FACT ’s reasoning for the raid , saying that the admin had been arrested for “ supplying property with a registered trade mark without permission . ”
… which raised another problem .
The Trade Marks Act 1994 ( specifically section 92 ) was designed to deal with physical , real - world counterfeit goods .
Supplying links , if anything , could only be considered a service – definitely not a sale of physical goods .
Getting a conviction on these grounds would be tricky , if not impossible .
Considering the problems highlighted above , it ’s no surprise that the TV - Links case has disappeared from the news radar .
TorrentFreak tracked down the now ex-admin of the site , 26 year - old Dave Rock , for the lowdown on this important case which seems to ask two questions :
Can someone be held responsible when 3rd parties merely link to copyright works that are hosted by someone else , and furthermore , does this constitute a criminal offense under an act designed to protect physical goods ?
It all starts on the morning of 18th October , just five days before the police raided OiNK .
Dave had some unwanted visitors .
At 06:20 , two police officers , three FACT members , and around five Trading Standards officials descended on Dave ’s home .
Fortunately for him , in his case the media was n’t tipped off , so there were no photographers and reporters outside his house .
Alan Ellis of OiNK was not so lucky .
“ The police and Trading Standards officers were always polite and professional , I was n’t man handled like you see with the over acting police on the TV , ” Dave told us .
“ I was arrested as soon as I opened the door , not cuffed and was allowed to grab a few bits , like my wallet and phone .
They seized my laptop , my old PC and annoyingly , my girlfriends PC too , along with random CDs and four or five old hard drives , ranging between 8 GB to 15gb . ”
TV - Links Homepage ( large )
When we asked Dave what was on the search warrant , he said : “ They ticked Video Recording Act 1984 – Section 16A and Trade Marks Act 1994 – Section 93 .
But , thinking about some of the questions during the interview I got the impression they were looking for DVD copying kit or they hoped to find this type of thing .
FACT ’s website always boasts about DVD pirate busts . ”
The police officers then took Dave to the station where he was questioned .
Not by the police , but by people from Trading Standards and FACT , a well known private anti-piracy company - come - lobby group .
Quite why a private company is allowed to directly question someone in a criminal case that they may wish to prosecute privately is another question , and one that many people will find unpalatable .
It seemed that both outfits were disappointed , they must have expected more than just hyperlinks .
In common with thousands of forums around the world , Dave did n’t know any of the TV - Links staff personally , and obviously did n’t know anything about the users .
Almost 75 % of the site ’s visitors came from China , 10 % from the US and next popular was the UK , at just 3.8 % .
Hardly a threat to Great Britain Ltd , but of course the implication was that Dave was making money .
The reality was that he was receiving around $ 2 to $ 5 per day in donations from random site users , which he used to cover the server costs .
After six hours , Dave was released – without being charged and with no restrictions .
Now , well over a year later , not much has changed .
For the last 6 months or so , Dave has had no contact with the police and no contact through his lawyer with FACT or ( Gloucester ) Trading Standards .
In fact , GTS has no further involvement in the case and has deferred to FACT , just in case they want to make a private prosecution .
But , everything has gone very quiet .
TorrentFreak asked Dave if it had ever been raised that he was arrested under laws ill - placed to deal with the situation .
He told us , “ When it comes to law there is n’t really any point arguing after the point , you need to concentrate on identifying [ in this case ] how FACT will interpret the current law and , if / when this ends up in court , how they will use it to their advantage . ”
Until then , it just seems like a waiting game .
“ I guess you could call it being in limbo , but recently I have n’t given it much thought , I ’m just getting on with my life , ” Dave told us .
“ The only thing that ’s a little annoying is that FACT still have all the gear seized by GTS , apparently they ’ve been given it for “ forensic analysis ” .
Do I hear you cry ‘ breach of Data Protection Act ‘ , for passing private data to a private company ?
Again this is something we are still looking into . ”
So how on earth did TV - Links end up on the radar in the first place ?
Why was such significance put on the site and why did the response include a raid with so many people in attendance from the police , government trading standards and Hollywood - funded private company FACT ?
“ One thing I ’d like to mention , Gloucester Trading Standards were always polite and professional , ” said Dave .
“ In my eyes they were led up the garden path by FACT .
My personal opinion is that Gloucester Trading Standards were lead to believe I was copying and selling DVDs .
But , when they entered my home they only found crappy old PC gear , Laptop and no DVDs , and lost all interest – if they were ever interested in the first place . ”
Despite the lack of interest and indeed grounds for a conviction , it does n’t change the fact that TV - Links is gone as a result of the above actions .
Why did it even find a place in people ’s lives in the first instance ?
Dave believes it ’s down to sheer lack of choice .
“ TV - Links and other linking sites are only around because the big media companies have n’t supplied the viewing public with any viable alternatives , at least until recently in the UK .
The BBC iPlayer is very good , but it ’s a shame it ’s only 7 days of TV . ”
So , with the authorities backing away , what are the chances of TV - Links making a comeback ?
“ Running the site did take up all of my free time , it was good fun running it but I ’m happy I now have my evenings and weekends free , ” Dave told us .
He has no intention of bringing the site back , particularly since a TV - Links.co.uk replacement site popped up many months ago at TV - Links.ws .
Finally , when sites are busted , many people are interested in exactly how the owners were tracked down by the authorities .
With TV - Links , the techniques were n’t mysterious at all .
They did n’t need to be .
The reason why it was so easy is the very reason
Dave felt free to run the site in the first place :
“ To be honest I did n’t really attempt to hide my ID , as under UK Law linking to another site is n’t illegal , so I did n’t see the need . ”
From the New Yorker :
When asked about his perspective on social issuesgay marriage , abortion Prince tapped his Bible and said , “ God came to earth and saw people sticking it wherever and doing it with whatever , and he just cleared it all out .
He was , like ,  Enough . ’ ”
Prop 8 has helped unearth the seething homophobia in much of black America .
Even for a dandy , feminized midget like Prince .
( Actually , black dandy , feminized midgets need to express more homophobia than most . )
Joe vents :
The irony , it burns .
The pop star who made his name on his effete , androgynous " Is he GAY or not ? " persona - now he hates us .
Here 's a guy who made zillions on some of the most deliciously filthy music in history ( Head , Sexy Motherfucker , Erotic City , Darling Nikki ) who now says that " people sticking it wherever and doing it with whatever " were justifiably wiped out by God .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Whether it 's front runner Barack Obama or outsider John McCain who makes it to the White House when America goes to the polls tomorrow , the first briefing the new president gets on the economy from the US treasury and the Federal Reserve will be a sombre affair .
Rarely , if ever , in the postwar period has a new chief executive faced a more challenging baptism .
On the plus side , circumstances do not look quite so bleak as they did a month ago , when there was justifiable concern that the entire global financial system was on the point of collapse .
One positive result from the mayhem that followed the collapse of Lehman Brothers was that it forced policymakers around the world to act quickly , decisively and collectively to halt the slide into the abyss .
Japan 's decision last week to force down the value of the yen was partly driven by the need to help the big exporters on whom the economy relies , but it was also intended to boost capital flows into the US through the sale of yen for dollars .
That was one reason Wall Street rallied so strongly .
Policy action has not been confined to recapitalising the banks and injecting large dollops of cheap money into financial markets in the hope that it will persuade banks to start lending to one another once again .
Monetary policy is being eased everywhere , with the expectation that the Fed will join Japan in having a policy rate below 1 % by the end of the year .
Rates in the UK are also set to tumble : Roger Bootle at Capital Economics believes they could be cut to 1 % in 2009 as the Bank of England tries to jump - start the economy .
Rates have never been lower than 2 % in the postwar era .
Deepest recession
Central banks will be able to use easing inflationary pressure to justify these rock - bottom interest rates .
Oil prices are less than half their peak of early July , and other commodity prices are also down sharply as global demand weakens .
The new US president will be hoping that the boost to real incomes from cheaper gasoline prices provides a boost to confidence and spending .
That , though , is just about the extent of the good news .
The bad news for Obama or McCain is that the US and the other members of the G7 industrialised nations face the deepest recession since the 1930s ; that the crisis has not gone away , merely been pushed - perhaps temporarily - from the core of the system to the emerging markets ; and that the dominant financial model of the past decade and more is bust .
Part of the problem , as Stephen Lewis of Monument Securities has noted , is that it has taken far too long for policymakers to understand that they cannot shove the genie back into the bottle , and as a result the downturn in prospect for 2009 and 2010 will be much deeper than it ought to have been .
" If the G7 had recognised at an early stage , say a year ago , that the financial capitalism model was irretrievably broken , they might have managed the transition to a new economic model at less cost than they have subsequently incurred , " Lewis says .
" They might have dissolved the investment banks and the toxic products they had created before a negative feedback loop from the economy to the financial sector was established . "
That " negative feedback loop " works as follows .
The financial sector goes haywire during the boom years , developing business models that work only in the good times .
As the Bank of England noted in last week 's financial stability report , the British banking system was lending £ 750 bn more than it was taking in deposits , covering the gap by raising money in the wholesale markets and betting that the good times would go on for ever .
When the bust arrives , the model collapses and the financial sector retrenches .
It severely rations credit , with the result that house prices fall , businesses go bust and people lose their jobs .
The losses of the financial sector mount , leaving them short of capital and even more unwilling to lend .
Everything that policymakers have done over the past month - from nationalisation of banks to cuts in interest rates - has been designed to break this vicious circle .
Their efforts have worked to the extent that money market rates have started to fall , but this is a skirmish in a much longer war .
In the US , for example , the official interest rate has come down from 5.25 % in the summer to 1 % , yet mortgage rates have not fallen as much .
The 30 - year home loan rate has declined by a little over half a percentage point , a tiny reduction in the context of the biggest housing boom - bust in American history .
Mortgage rates at their current levels mean the real estate market will remain in crisis , with knock - on effects for all those under - performing mortgage - backed securities held by the banks .
Crowding out
Policymakers also need to be aware of the dangers of what economists term " crowding out " .
This is where a big increase in borrowing by governments makes it more expensive for the private sector to obtain funds .
In the context of a global economy , there is the added dimension of sovereign " crowding out " , whereby the need to bolster the countries at the core of the global financial system leads to a dearth of funds for weaker countries .
There is evidence of both these phenomena : upward pressure on non-investment corporate bond yields and in the problems faced by Iceland , Hungary , Ukraine and other emerging economies .
Equally , the fall in the cost of crude may be good news for western consumers but it is not so hot for the oil - exporting countries , many of which are hardly models of stable democracies .
A further halving of the oil price to about $ 30 a barrel could quite easily lead to severe political unrest , perhaps even revolution , resulting in restrictions in supply and a surge in crude prices to the peak levels reached earlier this year .
The message for Obama or McCain is simple .
Things have moved on apace even from where they were in the summer when only one of the 17 agenda items for the new president listed by the Associated Press mentioned the credit crisis .
So far , America 's downturn has been shallow , but the squeeze on consumer incomes and the deteriorating labour markets mean there is worse to come .
The US will be in recession in 2009 , as will the eurozone , Japan and Britain , and for the G7 as a whole this is likely to be the worst downturn since the second world war .
The big developing countries , China in particular , cannot be immune from the problems in the west ; given the export - dominated nature of these economies it was always fanciful to suppose that they could decouple themselves .
All of which suggests that the new president faces an economic challenge as testing as any since Roosevelt arrived in the White House in 1933 .
The good news is that even using the most pessimistic assumptions it is hard to see a peak - to - trough decline in US GDP of anything like the sort suffered in the Great Depression , when the economy contracted by 25 % .
The bad news for tomorrow 's victor is that FDR arrived after the worst of the slump was over , rather than just as it began .
Even if everything goes according to plan and there are no policy errors , America will still have a recession every bit as costly as those in the 1970s and 1980s .
larry.elliott@theguardian.com
As the obesity epidemic rages in developed economies , explanations have mostly focused on dietary changes and the sedentary lifestyle that time spent on a computer tends to promote .
But a preliminary study from a group of researchers in Quebec suggest that working on a computer may have an additional impact on our waistlines : taxing mental effort appears to cause people to eat significantly more food , even though it does n't burn many more calories than sitting around and relaxing .
The publication , published in a journal called Psychosomatic Medicine , arose from a pilot study that the researchers were performing in order to determine whether a potential connection between mental effort and eating was worth following up on .
But , with only 14 students enrolled , they actually discovered a statistically significant effect of what they call " knowledge - based work " ( KBW ) , and so were able to publish even their initial efforts .
The workers recruited from the female student population of Laval University , selecting for individuals with a normal body mass and eating habits .
Tests were administered at a set point in the menstrual cycle to control for its effect on diet .
The students were given a standard breakfast to start the day and , two - and - a - half hours later , asked to perform one of three activities : relaxing in a chair , reading and summarizing some text , or performing a mentally challenging computer task in the presence of distractions .
Each student performed each of the three activities on different days , allowing the test conditions to be compared within individuals .
During the testing , heart rate and blood pressure were monitored , and blood samples taken at regular intervals .
When the test was over , surveys were administered that included questions on the perceived challenge of the task as well as how hungry the students were .
When all that was finished , the students were given access to an unlimited buffet , and their intake was carefully monitored .
The results were clear - cut .
Compared to the instances when they sat around relaxing , the same students ate 848 kiloJoules more food after completing the reading / writing task .
When faced with a computer , that number went up to 1057 kJ .
This happened despite the fact that the brain is pretty active even when a person is not mentally engaged , meaning that the KBW did n't burn off much more energy than sitting around .
The authors provide two potential explanations for their findings , both of which may be accurate to varying degrees .
The first involves sugar metabolism .
The brain is especially reliant on glucose , and the blood tests revealed that both glucose and insulin levels changed during the KBW tasks , while they gently sloped off during the relaxation .
The differences were n't consistent — the two KBW tasks sent the levels in opposite directions — but the instability of the levels was large for both of them .
The authors suggest that the eating may simply be an attempt to give the body the chance to stabilize blood glucose .
Their other suggestion is that people find KBW stressful .
Both the survey results and blood levels of cortisol ( a hormone associated with stress ) indicated that the KBW tasks took a mental toll .
High stress has been associated with increased eating in a variety of contexts , so the upped food intake in this study may simply reflect that .
Clearly , the authors are going to follow this study up with a larger and more diverse student population .
But they are able to cite several references that show eating habits change during times of mental exertion , including one that found that university faculty upped their food intake in advance of an National Institutes of Health grant deadline .
What does this mean for an increasingly knowledge - based workforce ?
The best advice is probably what it 's always been : try to mix work with exercise and do n't get too stressed .
Psychosomatic Medicine , 2008 .
DOI : 10.1097 / PSY.0b013e31818426fa
A couple of months ago , Hugh Macleod created a bit of buzz with his blog post The Cloud ’s Best Kept Secret .
Hugh ’s argument : that cloud computing will lead to a huge monopoly .
Of course , a couple of weeks ago , Larry Ellison made the opposite point , arguing that salesforce.com is “ barely profitable ” , and that no one will make much money in cloud computing .
In this post , I ’m going to explain why Ellison is right , and yet , for the strategic future of Oracle , he is dangerously wrong .
First , let ’s take a look at Hugh Macleod ’s argument :
… nobody seems to be talking about Power Laws .
Nobody ’s saying that one day a single company may possibly emerge to dominate The Cloud , the way Google came to dominate Search , the way Microsoft came to dominate Software .
Monopoly issues aside , could you imagine such a company ?
We would n’t be talking about a multi-billion dollar business like today ’s Microsoft or Google .
We ’re talking about something that could feasibly dwarf them .
We ’re potentially talking about a multi-trillion dollar company .
Possibly the largest company to have ever existed .
I imagine many of my friends who work for the aforementioned companies know all about this , and know how VAST the stakes are .
Windows vs Apple ?
Who cares ?
Kid ’s stuff .
There ’s a much bigger game going on …
And for some reason , its utter enormity seems to be a very well - kept secret , at least to non-combatants like myself .
The problem with this analysis is that it does n’t take into account what causes power laws in online activity .
Understanding the dynamics of increasing returns on the web is the essence of what I called Web 2.0 .
Ultimately , on the network , applications win if they get better the more people use them .
As I <a href=http://www.oreillynet.com/go/web2pointed out back in 2005 , Google , Amazon , ebay , craigslist , wikipedia , and all other other Web 2.0 superstar applications have this in common .
Cloud computing , at least in the sense that Hugh seems to be using the term , as a synonym for the infrastructure level of the cloud as best exemplified by Amazon S3 and EC2 , does n’t have this kind of dynamic .
( More on different types of cloud computing later . )
Of course , it is true that the bigger players will have economies of scale in the cost of equipment , and especially in the cost of power , that are not available to smaller players .
But there are quite a few big players — Google , Microsoft , Amazon — to name a few , that are already at that scale , with or without a cloud computing play .
What ’s more , economies of scale are not the same as increasing returns from user network effects .
They may be characteristic of a commoditizing marketplace that does not actually give outsize economic leverage to the winners .
I can’t vouch for the authenticity of the following remark , since I heard it secondhand , but it was from a thoughtful , informed source : Jeff Bezos is reported to have said that he welcomes cloud competition from Google and Microsoft , because they ’ll subsidize their cloud services with profits from other part of their business , while Amazon will always have to make it pay .
“ We ’re good at commodity businesses , ” Jeff is reported to have said , and the facts bear him out .
If cloud computing is a commodity business , then the outsize profits that Hugh envisioned are not going to be there .
This is a business that will be huge , but it may be more similar to the web hosting and ISP markets , which are also huge , but not hugely profitable .
( See Rackspace ’s numbers for a taste . )
But because one of my goals at Radar is to help people think about the future , I wanted to spend some time on the possible futures and strategies that could turn cloud computing into the kind of massive monopoly that Hugh envisioned .
Types of Cloud Computing
Since “ cloud ” seems to mean a lot of different things , let me start with some definitions of what I see as three very distinct types of cloud computing :
Utility computing .
Amazon ’s success in providing virtual machine instances , storage , and computation at pay - as - you - go utility pricing was the breakthrough in this category , and now everyone wants to play .
Developers , not end -users , are the target of this kind of cloud computing .
This is the layer at which I do n’t presently see any strong network effect benefits ( yet ) .
Other than a rise in Amazon ’s commitment to the business , neither early adopter Smugmug nor any of its users get any benefit from the fact that thousands of other application developers have their work now hosted on AWS .
If anything , they may be competing for the same resources .
That being said , to the extent that developers become committed to the platform , there is the possibility of the kind of developer ecosystem advantages that once accrued to Microsoft .
More developers have the skills to build AWS applications , so more talent is available .
But take note : Microsoft took charge of this developer ecosystem by building tools that both created a revenue stream for Microsoft and made developers more reliant on them .
In addition , they built a deep — very deep — well of complex APIs that bound developers ever - tighter to their platform .
So far , most of the tools and higher level APIs for AWS are being developed by third - parties .
In the offerings of companies like Heroku , Rightscale , and Engine Yard ( not based on AWS , but on their own hosting platform , while sharing the RoR approach to managing cloud infrastructure ) , we see the beginnings of one significant toolchain .
And you can already see that many of these companies are building into their promise the idea of independence from any cloud infrastructure vendor .
In short , if Amazon intends to gain lock - in and true competitive advantage ( other than the aforementioned advantage of being the low - cost provider ) , expect to see them roll out their own more advanced APIs and developer tools , or acquire promising startups building such tools .
Alternatively , if current trends continue , I expect to see Amazon as a kind of foundation for a Linux - like aggregation of applications , tools and services not controlled by Amazon , rather than for a Microsoft Windows - like API and tools play .
There will be many providers of commodity infrastructure , and a constellation of competing , but largely compatible , tools vendors .
Given the momentum towards open source and cloud computing , this is a likely future .
Platform as a Service .
One step up from pure utility computing are platforms like Google AppEngine and Salesforce ’s force.com , which hide machine instances behind higher - level APIs .
Porting an application from one of these platforms to another is more like porting from Mac to Windows than from one Linux distribution to another .
The key question at this level remains : are there advantages to developers in one of these platforms from other developers being on the same platform ?
force.com seems to me to have some ecosystem benefits , which means that the more developers are there , the better it is for both Salesforce and other application developers .
I do n’t see that with AppEngine .
What ’s more , many of the applications being deployed there seem trivial compared to the substantial applications being deployed on the Amazon and force.com platforms .
One question is whether that ’s because developers are afraid of Google , or because the APIs that Google has provided do n’t give enough control and ownership for serious applications .
I ’d love your thoughts on this subject .
Cloud - based end - user applications .
Any web application is a cloud application in the sense that it resides in the cloud .
Google , Amazon , Facebook , twitter , flickr , and virtually every other Web 2.0 application is a cloud application in this sense .
However , it seems to me that people use the term “ cloud ” more specifically in describing web applications that were formerly delivered locally on a PC , like spreadsheets , word processing , databases , and even email .
Thus even though they may reside on the same server farm , people tend to think of gmail or Google docs and spreadsheets as “ cloud applications ” in a way that they do n’t think of Google search or Google maps .
This common usage points up a meaningful difference : people tend to think differently about cloud applications when they host individual user data .
The prospect of “ my ” data disappearing or being unavailable is far more alarming than , for example , the disappearance of a service that merely hosts an aggregated view of data that is available elsewhere ( say Yahoo !
search or Microsoft live maps . )
And that , of course , points us squarely back into the center of the Web 2.0 proposition : that users add value to the application by their use of it .
Take that away , and you ’re a step back in the direction of commodity computing .
Ideally , the user ’s data becomes more valuable because it is in the same space as other users ’ data .
This is why a listing on craigslist or ebay is more powerful than a listing on an individual blog , why a listing on amazon is more powerful than a listing on Joe ’s bookstore , why a listing on the first results page of Google ’s search engine , or an ad placed into the Google ad auction , is more valuable than similar placement on Microsoft or Yahoo !.
This is also why every social network is competing to build its own social graph rather than relying on a shared social graph utility .
This top level of cloud computing definitely has network effects .
If I had to place a bet , it would be that the application - level developer ecosystems eventually work their way back down the stack towards the infrastructure level , and the two meet in the middle .
In fact , you can argue that that ’s what force.com has already done , and thus represents the shape of things .
It ’s a platform I have a strong feeling I ( and anyone else interested in the evolution of the cloud platform ) ought to be paying more attention to .
The Law of Conservation of Attractive Profits
A lot of my thinking about web 2.0 grew directly out of my thinking about open source .
My argument in The Open Source Paradigm Shift was that what we learned from the history of the IBM personal computer — a commodity platform built from off - the - shelf parts — was that it drained value out of the hardware ecosystem , turning it into a low - margin business .
But profits did n’t go away .
Instead , through something that Clayton Christensen calls “ the law of conservation of attractive profits , ” value migrated elsewhere , from hardware to software , from IBM to Microsoft .
Christensen :
When attractive profits disappear at one stage in the value chain because a product becomes modular and commoditized , the opportunity to earn attractive profits with proprietary products will usually emerge at an adjacent stage .
I believe strongly that open source and open internet standards are doing the same to traditional software .
And value is migrating to a new kind of layer , which we now call Web 2.0 , which consists of applications driven not just by software but by network - effects databases driven by explicit or implicit user contribution .
So when Larry Ellison says that cloud computing and open source wo n’t produce many hugely profitable companies , he ’s right , but only if you look at the pure software layer .
This is a lot like saying that the PC would n’t produce many hugely profitable companies , and looking only at hardware vendors !
First Microsoft , and now Google give the lie to Ellison ’s analysis .
The big winners are those who best grasp the rules of the new platform .
So here ’s the real trick : cloud computing is real .
Everything is moving into the cloud , in whole or in part .
The utility layer of cloud computing will be just that , a utility , without outsized profits .
But the cloud platform , like the software platform before it , has new rules for competitive advantage .
And chief among those advantages are those that we ’ve identified as “ Web 2.0 ” , the design of systems that harness network effects to get better the more people use them .
If Oracle is n’t playing that game , they will one day be doomed to irrelevance .
Perhaps , like hardware giants of the past – Compaq , say – they will be absorbed by a bigger company .
Or perhaps , like Unisys , they will linger on in specialized markets , too big to go away but no longer on the cutting edge of anything .
Or they will understand that it ’s not the database software that matters , but the data that it holds , and the services that can be built against that data .
The company that creates the right platform for network effects in data may well achieve the scale that Hugh Macleod envisioned .
P.S. I will be doing two panels on cloud computing at the Web 2.0 Summit in San Francisco the week after next , one on the application layer , and one on the infrastructure layer .
Panelists include Paul Maritz ( CEO of VMware , who , by the way totally gets what I ’m talking about here ) , Russ Daniels ( CTO for cloud services at HP ) , Padmasree Warrior ( CTO at Cisco ) , the inimitable Marc Benioff of Salesforce.com , Kevin Lynch , CTO of Adobe , and Dave Girouard , who is in charge of Google Apps for the Enterprise .
Should be some interesting conversations on the subjects raised in this post !
Apple Mactini - Brand New
youtube.com - Peter Serafinowicz presents the brand new Mactini .
Not recommended for children under 3 .
Fourteen features have been submitted for consideration in the Animated Feature Film category for the .
One of them is “ ” a stop motion animated movie for grown - ups based on the Short Stories of Israeli writeris director and co-writer .
Despite the low budget constraints of the production , the filmmakers and casting agent Nikki Barrett decided to aim high with the casting of the puppet ’s voices .
Sending the script out to a number of internationally acclaimed Australian actors , the filmmakers were gratified by the response .
“ Actors just wanted to be part of this project .
We ended up with a fantastic cast … our dream list of actors to play the roles , ” said the producer .
Departing from the more usual practice in the animation industry of recording voice performances in isolation from each other , director Rosenthal preferred to record the actors in the configurations they appeared in the script .
“ I insisted on getting everybody together in the booth .
This became possible because we required them for such a short time .
As a first - time director I needed to have that immediate sense of whether a scene was going to work .
I did n’t want to imagine it .
I wanted to hear it . ”
Producer Sherman elaborates : “ One of the most interesting aspects of the production was havingandin a studio in LA and a number of the actors in Australia in our Sydney studio , crossing live via the internet , and in this way , recording the voices together . ”
In this way , $ 9.99 ’s entire voice recordings were made in three days .
Have you ever wondered “ What is the meaning of life ?
Why do we exist ? ”
The answer to this vexing question is now within your reach !
You ’ll find it in a small yet amazing booklet , which will explain , in easy to follow , simple terms your reason for being !
The booklet , printed on the finest paper , contains illuminating , exquisite colour pictures , and could be yours for a mere $ 9.99 . ”
This is the ad that alters the life of the unemployed 28 year old who still lives at home , Dave Peck .
In his struggle to share his find with the world , Dave ’s surreal path crosses with those of his unusual neighbours : an old man and his disgruntled guardian angel , a magician in debt , a bewitching woman who likes her men extra smooth , a broken hearted man who befriends a group of hard partying two inch tall students , and a little boy who sets his piggy bank free .
Their stories are woven together , examining the post - modern meaning of hope .
“ $ 9.99 ” voiced by ( The Angel / Homeless Man ) , ( Jim Peck ) , andis set to open on December 12 , 2008 .
" 100 to 500 times more sensitive to light than a traditional silicon wafer "
Bullshit !
Silicon solar panels already convert 20 % of the light that falls on them in to electricity .
If they were 100 times more efficient they 'd convert 2,000 % percent of the light that falls of on then ( i.e. , 20 x more light than is actually available ) !
Typical small - ish pixel CMOS image sensors have peak quantum efficiencies ( QEs ) of 70 % ( for mono sensors ) at around 600 nm .
That means that 70 % of the green photos that arrive at the sensor get converted in to a detectable electron .
Again , increasing that by 100x would lead to 70 x more photons being detected than actually exist !
Of course that 's the peak ( QE ) so it would be possible to enhance the QE at other wavelength , but mathematically it 's just not possible to increase the sensitivity of a sensor within the visible range ( the part of the spectrum you 're generally interested in for conventional photography and video ) by 100x , or more .
There is room for a big sensitivity improvement in the near infrared where only something like 1 % of light is converted to a signal .
But IR is only of interest for security applications .
Los Angeles teachers protest budget cuts
By Dan Conway and Kim Saito
15 December 2008
Hundreds of teachers protested last Wednesday against cuts being made to schools in the Los Angeles Unified School District ( LAUSD ) , the second largest school district in the United States .
The teachers were protesting a threatened reduction in health care benefits , a proposed increase in class sizes by an average of five students per class , and a three - year pay increase freeze , among other issues .
The protests were held five days prior to the district ’s deadline to submit a balanced budget document to the state capital .
The deadline was officially announced last October when LAUSD superintendent and former Navy vice admiral David Brewer sent out a notice to all LAUSD employees informing them of the deadline and announcing imminent plans to determine which programs would be cut to balance the budget .
The Wednesday event was the culmination of more than two months of protest actions across the Los Angeles area in opposition to the cuts .
While the district ’s proposal is in response to the $ 2.5 billion reduction in statewide K - 12 school spending , $ 250 million of which will be cut from LAUSD alone .
( See article : “ Fiscal emergency declared in California ” )
Reporters for the World Socialist Web Site visited protests outside of LAUSD district offices in the cities of Carson and North Hollywood and spoke to teachers and supporters at both locations .
In Carson , Maria Smith , who teaches a 4th and 5th grade combination class , said , “ For me , health care is the most important issue .
I have a family with two children ; one is five years old and the other is two years old .
The cuts are n’t just robbing me .
They ’re robbing from my family ; they ’re robbing from people who ’ve already worked most of their lives .
“ They ’ve frozen our budget , but we ’re still working anyway .
You know , there comes a point when you have to take a stand .
I ’m not political , but you have to stand and fight for what you believe in . ”
Jennifer Albright , a 4th grade teacher with 13 years experience , said , “ The state handed out a 4.5 percent COLA [ cost - of - living allowance ] to every district .
We never got our COLA .
The Board of Education kept it .
For me , that ’s a big deal .
Cuts are coming down and there ’s no talk about advances . ”
She also expressed the hope that the protest would garner widespread support among teachers both in and outside of Los Angeles , saying , “ This is not just happening here .
It ’s everywhere .
All the teachers should walk out across the country .
If it were even statewide , that would be great . ”
Albright also expressed great frustration with the incoming Obama administration .
“ I have been very disappointed in Obama .
I ’d be interested to see if he appoints the head of the Washington DC school district as secretary of education .
There was an article in Time magazine about her .
She wants to align teachers ’ salaries to test scores and that ’s a real attack on teachers , ” Albright said .
Dee Burke is a special education teacher at Carson Street Elementary School who has been a teacher for 33 years .
She said , “ It ’s about our health benefits , modest raises , and stopping all the waste .
The district wants everyone on Kaiser [ a large health insurance provider in the state of California ] alone .
They also want a two - tier health care system so young teachers wo n’t be able to get full benefits . ”
Decrying some of the unique difficulties teachers face , Burke pointed out , “ Special ed money got frozen .
We used to have a budget of $ 500 - $ 600 per year to purchase all the things we need for individual children .
This year it ’s $ 198 .
So , yes , we have to make up the difference from our own pockets . ”
In North Hollywood , many students also came out in support of their teachers .
Ryan , a senior at North Hollywood High School , spoke about the impact the cuts will have on students .
He said , “ We ’re here to support our teachers because we feel that these ridiculously large cuts will hurt students as well .
They ’re going to fire teachers and it ’s just not fair .
I hope that by coming out here and spreading the word , a lot of people will open their eyes about what ’s going on . ”
WSWS reporters also spoke with Rick , a 5th grade teacher at Pacific Boulevard School in Huntington Park , California , which is part of LAUSD .
He expressed frustration with rampant waste and mismanagement in the district , along with the limited perspective of the United Teachers of Los Angeles ( UTLA ) , the teachers union that organized the protest action .
“ To cite one example of the waste we have to deal with , after the payroll systems failed at LAUSD several months ago , leaving many teachers either underpaid or not paid at all for several periods , the district hired back the same consulting firm which caused the problem in the first place and paid them millions of extra dollars in the process . ”
“ As far as the conduct of the UTLA itself is concerned , I recently attended a political action workshop held by the Wellstone Institute -- named after the late Democratic Senator from Minnesota -- and sponsored by the UTLA .
The event was held prior to the November elections and one of our exercises was to create a 30 - second video ad for Obama .
I felt like leaving many times .
Events like this show you just how the bureaucracy pushes its pro-big business agenda on the membership .
They are tied to the Democratic Party in so many ways and that disgusts me . ”
A recent November edition of the UTLA newsletter used several pages to praise the election of Barack Obama .
A column written by UTLA Vice President Joshua Pechthalt , for example , expressed the absurd hope that an Obama administration would quickly withdraw troops from both Iraq and Afghanistan and cut the US military budget in half .
The 35 - page newsletter failed altogether to mention the multi-trillion - dollar Wall Street bailout , and devoted a mere two sentences to the California budget deficit , which is now projected to grow to an estimated $ 41.8 billion by July 2010 .
ORLANDO , Florida ( CNN ) --
Regrowing a fingertip cut off in an accident sounds like something from a futuristic movie .
But with innovative technology developed by the U.S. Army , such regrowth is possible today .
This remotely controlled robot , called BEAR , could help remove injured soldiers from battlefields .
This research project and a hundred others were on display this month at the 26th Army Science Convention .
Some the greatest minds in science from around the world gathered at the four - day conference to exchange ideas and showcase collaborative projects between the Army 's research laboratories , universities and partner industries .
The main goal is to develop technology to make soldiers safer and more effective , said Thomas H. Killion , the Army 's chief scientist .
The Army 's regenerative medicine study combined properties from the intestinal lining and the urinary bladder to create a regenerative substance called Extracellular Matrix .
The cream - colored crystallized powder , called " magic dust , " boosts the body 's natural tendency to repair itself , said U.S. Army Biological Scientist Sgt. Glen Rossman .
When the matrix is applied to a missing digit or limb , " the body thinks it 's back in the womb , " Rossman said .
One civilian participated in the regenerative - medicine study after cutting off the tip of his finger in a model plane 's propeller .
Researchers continually applied the matrix to the wound , and after four weeks , the body grew skin and tissue to replenish the damaged area .
The U.S. military branches have begun a consortium with private institutions to develop treatments for severely injured troops .
With the help of grants , the Armed Forces Institute of Regenerative Medicine is studying nerve and vein transplantation , treating burns without scarring and regeneration of tissue , skin and even bone .
Through both animal studies and civilian clinical trials , the institute is developing therapies for the large number of soldiers injured by improvised explosive devices and other explosives in Afghanistan and Iraq .
" We are working on trying to regenerate limbs , to repair limbs and to keep them from being amputated , " institute Project Director Col .
Bob Vandre said .
Army scientists also have developed an engineered skin substitute made in a laboratory from patients ' own cells .
A postage stamp - sized patch of skin could grow several times larger than the original sample .
The engineered skin could then be placed over a wound or burn , protecting it from infection , and eventually cover large portions of the body that have been damaged .
" Our goal is to restore the function to our wounded warriors who have given so much in battle , " Vandre said .
Armed Forces
Institute scientists also say they also have developed a process to rebuild missing or damaged bone .
A web - like tube of calcium - phosphate ceramic , called hydroxyapatite , acts as a biodegradable scaffold that is set in place of the missing bone , giving the body a platform on which to rebuild .
Scientists say the scaffold allows the body to regrow its own natural tissue , bone and veins so it can support itself .
Because of the complexity of the process , researchers so far have regrown only 3 centimeters of bone in clinical trials on rats , but they hope to reach 5 centimeters in two years .
With the regrown bone , scientists could avoid placing titanium or other medical devices in the body .
Of course , to apply this technology , the Army needs a way to safely remove injured soldiers from combat zones .
Enter the Battlefield Extraction Assist Robot , or BEAR , a human - shaped machine with eyes , ears and arms for lifting heavy objects .
Built by Vecna Technologies in association with the Army , BEAR is still a prototype .
But its potential is promising .
BEAR is outfitted with lights , two cameras and infrared abilities , and it can travel up to 10 mph .
The device also can lift 250 pounds while balancing on its toes .
Vecna robotic engineer Andrew Allen says BEAR can be remotely operated , reducing the chance of injuries to soldiers ' human rescuers .
" BEAR can easily be replaced ; it costs money and not lives , " Allen said .
Robot technology has exploded in the past six years , said Army scientist John Parmentola .
Robot prototypes of all kinds were on display at the conference , and about 10,000 military robots are expected to be deployed in the field in 2009 .
Robots can be outfitted to accomplish various tasks .
One can detect 38 different chemical or biological explosives from a distance of 3 to 5 meters .
The robot could be used to scan car doors or truck lids for explosives or chemical residue .
Another , called Packbot , is deployed in Iraq for surveillance , reconnaissance and explosives removal .
Packbot has been outfitted to react to voice commands , given remotely through an earpiece .
Loud background noises do not distort the commands , because the system monitors the vibrations of the operator 's jawbone .
Finally , some robots come with a retractable apparatus called a Zipper Mast or Situational Awareness Mast , which can be equipped with a camera or antenna and raised to peer over walls or send radio communications .
The smallest Zipper Mast is not much bigger than a coffee pot and can extend to a height of 8 feet .
Designed by the U.S. Army 's Tank Automotive Research , Development and Engineering Center , the larger mast is affixed to tanks and can reach heights over 30 feet .
All About U.S. Army Activities • Military Technology
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Somali pirates are the terror of ship captains navigating the Gulf of Aden , but could they soon become the unwitting facilitators of President - elect Barack Obama ’s campaign pledge to engage with Iran ?
Some security and foreign affairs experts now think so , speculating that the pirates ’ recent seizure of an Iranian - chartered cargo vessel might encourage Tehran to take part in anti-piracy operations off the coast of Somalia .
The move would require at least some minimal level of coordination between Iranian warships and the international naval forces already patrolling the region , including the US Navy , and could potentially open the door to a more substantial rapprochement between the two long - estranged nations .
The Delight , a Hong Kong - flagged ship operated by the Islamic Republic of Iran Shipping Lines , was carrying nearly 40,000 tons of wheat and a crew of 25 when pirates stormed aboard on November 18 .
The ship is among at least 17 captured vessels now anchored off the Somali coast , including a Ukrainian freighter loaded with 33 Russian - made battle tanks and a Saudi supertanker carrying $ 100 million worth of crude oil .
Some 250 crew members have also been taken captive .
Still more hijacked ships have already been ransomed off , raking in an estimated $ 25 to $ 30 million for Somalia ’s pirate gangs this year alone , according to the United Nations .
Tehran is negotiating for the release of the Delight , but this week made clear that military action remains a possibility if talks should fail .
“ Iran ’s view is that such issues should be confronted strongly , ” warned Ali Teheri , Iran ’s deputy transportation minister .
“ The Islamic Republic of Iran has the capability to confront pirates .
If necessary , we can use force . ”
Should Iran choose to dispatch its naval forces to the region , they would find themselves operating in close proximity to Combined Task Force 150 , an international naval force that operates in coordination with the US Navy ’s 5th Fleet and includes ships from the United Kingdom , Canada , France , Germany , Denmark , and Pakistan .
Also looking out for their interests in the region are warships from Russia , Italy , Spain , India , Malaysia , and Turkey — all operating under a UN Security Council resolution , passed unanimously in June , allowing these vessels to enter Somalia ’s territorial waters and to use “ all necessary means to identify , deter , prevent and repress acts of piracy and armed robbery . ”
As the size of this international naval flotilla continues to grow ( like Iran , Saudi Arabia is also weighing its military options ) , some level of coordination will be unavoidable , says James Spencer , head of research and analysis for London - based Arlington Associates , a defense and security firm focusing on the Middle East and Africa .
The various national fleets “ will need to start talking to the others .
‘ How are you going to get fuel ?
What fuel do you use ?
What size pipes do you have to replenish [ fuel ] at sea ? ’
All that sort of stuff .
It ’s really low - level , nitty - gritty logistics . ”
But low - level engagement , especially early on in his administration , may be exactly what Obama has in mind .
“ I do n’t see Obama rushing into a whole new relationship and embracing Iran , ” says Gary Sick , an Iran expert and professor of international affairs at Columbia University .
“ But if you were putting together a list of things that you might do to try to change the tone of the relationship , this might be one of them . ”
And if Tehran does send ships to the Somali coast , “ it would n’t make any sense unless they agreed to operate in some form of coordination with the other forces that are there . ”
This might be easier than it seems .
Unlike the Revolutionary Guard speedboats that periodically harass US ships operating in the Strait of Hormuz , Iran ’s regular navy enjoys a reputation for competence and professionalism .
“ They may not like the Americans or the Brits or any other people they bump into in the Persian Gulf , but they ’ve been perfectly civil , ” says Spencer .
“ It would be possible for them to operate alongside various other [ naval forces ] with adequate politeness . ”
Moreover , in cases of shared national interest , Iran has already demonstrated its willingness to cooperate with the United States , even if the Bush administration has been largely unreceptive .
“ The United States and Iran have overlapping and sometimes mutual interests in the Gulf and in the region , ” says Sick , citing increased stability in Afghanistan and support for Nouri al - Maliki ’s government in Baghdad as examples .
“ It ’s a shame we have n’t been working together on some of those issues . ”
When it comes to safeguarding commercial shipping through the Gulf of Aden , however , the shared interests are even clearer .
Says Spencer , “ Because it ’s of mutual benefit , and it is a professional relationship [ between navies ] rather than a political relationship , there may be potential if both sides are prepared to make the approaches . ”
Whatever the potential for engagement between the US and Iranian navies off the Somali coast might be , it ’s unlikely to have much effect on piracy , says Spencer .
“ The real way you ’ll stamp out piracy is by giving people better jobs , better ways to make money .
The economic incentive is so much that , short of getting law and order back onshore , we ’re not going to be able to stop it . ”
Nevertheless , if in the process of fighting Somali pirates Washington and Tehran can learn to play nicely together , perhaps it will have been worth it .
“ We are all Georgians , ” John McCain announced in August , when he condemned what appeared to be an unprovoked Russian attack on the disputed border area of South Ossetia .
But some of us , it turns out , are more Georgian than others , and McCain most likely knew , when he spoke those words , that it was the Georgians , not the Russians , who fired first .
Certainly his top foreign policy advisor , Randy Scheunemann , knew .
Scheunemann ’s two - person lobbying firm , Orion , has represented Georgia since 2001 and signed its latest contract with the government of President Mikheil Saakashvili on April 17 , the same day that McCain announced support for Saakashvili , following a private phone call with him .
( Scheunemann officially took a leave from Orion in May . )
On the NSA recording , Saakashvili gave the McCain aide a heads - up that all hell might break out .
An active US intelligence asset tells Whistleblower that Saakashvili phoned Scheunemann on August 6 , one day before Georgian rockets hit Tskhinvali , the isolated separatist capital of South Ossetia , and that this phone call was monitored by the National Security Agency .
According to the intelligence analyst familiar with the NSA recording , Saakashvili was surprisingly blunt in giving the McCain aide a heads - up that all hell might break out .
On August 9 it did , when Russia launched an over - the - top retaliation for two days of Georgian shelling and started a bloody mini-war .
The international press portrayed this as a full - scale Russian invasion of Georgia , which was swiftly condemned by both US presidential candidates .
Only in recent weeks have independent reports by military observers cast doubt on Georgia ’s version of the clash .
Did Scheunemann tell McCain that the Georgians were not the innocent victims they played so well ?
If so , then McCain misled the country about an event that just happened to bolster his campaign rhetoric .
And if Scheunemann did n’t tell his boss , then perhaps it was another case of McCain choosing staff with unfortunate conflicts of interest .
Calls for comment to Orion and Senator McCain ’s office were not returned .
A public affairs specialist at the NSA said , “ We do not comment on actual or alleged operations . ”
Last week Whistleblower revealed that the CIA ’s Initial Assessment Report on the October 11 death of Austrian rightwing politician Jörg Haider suspected foul play rather than the simple car wreck described by Austrian authorities .
Now , a similar scenario is being played out in Mexico , where the US Drug Enforcement Agency has doubts that the November 6 small plane crash that killed Interior Minister Juan Camilo Mouriño and government security adviser José Luis Santiago Vasconcelos was an accident .
Mourino , the country ’s second most powerful politician after the president , had deployed thousands of troops in an aggressive war against the country ’s powerful drug cartels .
Vasconcelos , who was formerly responsible for extraditing Mexican drug traffickers to the U.S , had survived a previous assassination attempt .
The Learjet crashed near a main thoroughfare in Mexico City , injuring dozens on the ground and killing all nine aboard .
The deaths of Mouriño and Vasconcelos were celebrated in Western Mexico by drug gangs of masked men who crammed into pickup trucks and rode around firing automatic weapons in the air in triumph .
The crash site was still under seal when Luis Téllez , the Transport Minister , wasting no time , told the press , “ There have been no signs that permit another hypothesis than an accident . ”
But the DEA , in an internal classified report , cites several on - the - ground witnesses who heard as many as three explosions and saw large plumes of black smoke before the plane crashed .
There was no distress call from the cockpit .
A conversation between the pilots and the control tower only moments before the plane began an almost vertical nosedive gave no hint of any problem .
British and U.S. aviation experts are reportedly now in Mexico , but they have been hampered by the fact that the crime scene was dismantled before they arrived , and about ten percent of the plane is missing ( disintegrated or not collected say Mexican authorities ) .
The black box has been recovered , but according to one investigator who has heard the recording , it ends with a sudden static , often the sign of a major mechanical failure or foul play .
DEA and other government agencies declined to publicly comment on the matter .
“ They [ the drug cartels ] pulled it off brilliantly , ” says one Homeland Security source familiar with the investigation .
“ And the Mexicans are n’t even going to go after them , they are just so embarrassed that it happened . ”
Gerald Posner is the award - winning author of 10 best - selling books of investigative nonfiction ranging from political assassinations , to Nazi war criminals , to 9/11 , to terrorism ( www.posner.com).
He also has written dozens of articles for national magazines and newspapers .
He is a regular contributor to NBC , CNN , CBS , and MSNBC .
Posner lives in Miami Beach with his wife , the author Tricia Posner
ERIC DASH
The New York Times
October 29 , 2008
First came the mortgage crisis .
Now comes the credit card crisis .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
After years of flooding Americans with credit card offers and sky - high credit lines , lenders are sharply curtailing both , just as an eroding economy squeezes consumers .
The pullback is affecting even creditworthy consumers and threatens an already beleaguered banking industry with another wave of heavy losses after an era in which it reaped near record gains from the business of easy credit that it helped create .
Lenders wrote off an estimated $ 21 billion in bad credit card loans in the first half of 2008 as more borrowers defaulted on their payments .
With companies laying off tens of thousands of workers , the industry stands to lose at least another $ 55 billion over the next year and a half , analysts say .
Currently , the total losses amount to 5.5 percent of credit card debt outstanding , and could surpass the 7.9 percent level reached after the technology bubble burst in 2001 .
Read article
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
The National Space Society has submitted a policy paper ( pdf ) to the Obama - Biden transition team concluding that Space - Based Solar Power is more technically executable than ever before and urging federal investment that would be necessary to capture large amounts of electricity from space
[ social_buttons ]
This would n’t be the first time the federal government has delved into Space - Based Solar Power ( SBSP or SSP ) .
NASA and DOE have collectively spent eighty million dollars over the last three decades in sporadic efforts studying the viability of collecting solar energy in space — where the solar resource is far more intense — and beaming it to Earth .
For me three questions immediately arise : 1 . How could something like this actually work ?
2 . Where will the money come from ?
And where will the political will come from ?
Let ’s look at those briefly .
It is beyond the scope of this work to get into the technical specifics of SSP , but The Economist says it succinctly enough :
“ The logical place to put the satellite would be in a geostationary orbit , 35,800 kilometres above the earth ’s equator , so that it completes one circuit of the planet per day , and thus appears ( from the ground ) to hover in a fixed place in the sky , like the communications satellites used to broadcast television signals .
The solar - power satellite would send the collected energy down to earth in the form of a microwave beam , which would be picked up on the ground by a huge array of antennae , spread over several square kilometres in open country . ”
The policy idea submission to change.gov sites a 2005 Pentagon - sponsored report suggesting that a government - led proof - of - concept demonstration could serve to catalyze commercial sector development .
That SBSP Study Group concluded that while significant technical challenges remain , there is no reason to curtail further investigation .
But such were the conclusions as far back as 1981 when the Department of Energy , NASA , the Environmental Protection Agency and the Department of Commerce found “ no show - stoppers ” or “ insurmountable obstacles ” to the idea .
What would be needed , suporters argue , is a coordinated effort and a lead agency that could take control of the project and not let it fall through the cracks of bureaucratic control .
Such cooperation between these agencies is certainly not unheard of .
For example , Department of Defense , NASA , and other federal agencies have a strategic research partnerships to develop on a dark energy observatory .
But there has also been some discussion that Obama could make cuts at NASA , if for no other reason than something has got to be cut somewhere .
Although funding NASA may not be a top priority for Obama , a strong argument could be made that investment in SSP research program would sync with his focus on building a clean energy economy .
It also helps that the idea has been supported by Defense Department officials who see SSP applications in the transmission of electricity to remote locations to support military actions .
I ’m not suggesting that Obama will use the cover of the Defense Department to expand solar research , but used as part of a strategy that promotes economic growth and environmental health , it may be a strategic choice that has some political legs .
Whatever political method the Obama administration uses to hammer on the clean energy agenda , it is clear that Obama ’s will be a science - based administration .
And as recently as yesterday , Obama reiterated that his administration would not stifle hard - to - swallow science , but nurture it .
Obama said in his weekly address :
“ Today more than ever before science holds the key to our survival as a planet and the security and prosperity as a nation .
It ’s time once again that we put science at the top of our agenda and restore America ’s place as the world leader in science and technology . ”
If that includes a robust Space - Based Solar Program , we ’ll have to wait and see .
Image : america.gov
Researchers have identified 11 genotypes that may increase esophageal cancer risk , according to research published in the November issue of Cancer Prevention Research , a journal of the American Association for Cancer Research .
" We observed a significantly increased risk of esophageal cancer with increasing numbers of risk genotypes , " said Yuanqing Ye , Ph.D. , an instructor in the Department of Epidemiology at the University of Texas M. D. Anderson Cancer Center .
Major risk factors for esophageal cancer include obesity , smoking and gastroesophageal reflux disease .
Compared to the high prevalence of these risk factors in the general population , the incidence rate of esophageal cancer is low , indicating that a small percentage of people are genetically predisposed to develop esophageal cancer .
Researchers at the University of Texas M. D. Anderson Cancer Center identified 11 single - nucleotide polymorphisms ( SNPs ) in microRNA - related genes that showed at least a borderline significant association with esophageal cancer .
A person can have one or more of these SNPs in their genetic makeup , putting him or her into low - risk , medium - risk and high - risk groups .
The study showed that each unfavorable genotype was associated with an increased cancer risk .
Individuals with more than four unfavorable genotypes were more than three times as likely to develop esophageal cancer .
" Our ultimate goal is to construct a quantitative cancer risk prediction model based on an individual 's epidemiological profile , environment exposure and genetic makeup , " said Xifeng Wu , M.D. , Ph.D. , a professor in the Department of Epidemiology at the University of Texas M. D. Anderson Cancer Center and lead author of the study .
" This risk prediction model can evaluate each person 's relative risk and absolute risk of developing esophageal cancer within a certain time period . "
Esophageal cancer is the fastest growing cancer in the United States with significantly increasing rates of occurrence .
The majority of esophageal cancer patients are diagnosed at an advanced stage with poor prognosis .
Understanding what places a person at high risk for esophageal cancer may have clinical applications to guide cancer screening , intensive monitoring , and cancer prevention .
" Considering the dramatic increase in incidence , difficulty of early diagnosis , the poor survival rate for esophageal cancer , and the limited knowledge of the natural history of this tumor , we need a greater understanding of the etiology of esophageal cancer for improvement of diagnosis and hopefully a better prognosis , " said Wu .
Source : American Association for Cancer Research
Yoshiyuki Sankai , a professor at Tsukuba University , Tokyo , has recently introduced a new robot suit , called the “ Hybrid Assistive Limb . ”
The suit was designed for paralyzed people in order to help them walk again by detecting their next move and stimulating their muscles in order to move their limbs .
According to its creator the suit , through continuous practice , can rehabilitate handicapped people .
The “ Hybrid Assistive Limb ” robot suit ( dubbed HAL ) detects natural electrical currents that pass over the surface of the skin , thus , anticipating muscle movement .
After recognizing the electrical current , the suit performs limb movement .
HAL weighs 11 kilograms ( 24 pounds ) , and Takashi Hama , an executive official of Daiwa House Industry , is convinced that this is a key feature .
“ You do n’t feel the weight of the robot at all , ” he recently said .
Sankai ’s invention first came into prominence in 2006 when he helped Seiji Uchida , who has been bound to a wheelchair since a car accident in 1983 , to try and climb a peak in the Swiss Alps .
“ I see big possibilities for HAL , which not only helps handicapped people move on their own but also assists caretakers in caring for someone like me , ” said Uchida , now 46 .
“ I asked professor Sankai directly to help me take up the challenge of mountain climbing , ” he recalled , and added : “ It ’s been two years since .
I think the latest model has a better battery system and some improvement in the knee joints . ”
The company that produces the suits is Cyberdyne Inc .
It has already announced that 500 units of the battery - powered robot suit would be leased to assist paralyzed patients at hospitals and rehabilitation centers .
Cyberdyne will be renting out the robot suits for five year periods and , according to Sankai several European nations , particularly in Scandinavia , have expressed interest in trying the suit .
Another prototype of HAL allows the wearer to carry 100 pounds without adding much weight to the suit .
“ We are looking at the future use of the robot suits at construction sites , where workers have to carry heavy materials , ” Hama said .
Sankai added : “ I believe technology becomes useful only when it works for people . ”
In a more political statement , he said : “ I refuse any possible military use of my robot suits . ”
TFOT has also covered uBot - 5 , a robot that performs many useful tasks that entail the mobile manipulation of objects , the humanization of ASIMO the robot , researched at Carnegie Mellon University , and the development of robotic rats , that will aid in rescue operations .
Other related TFOT stories include the “ Voiceless ” phone call , made using a neckband called Audeo , which translates thoughts into speech by intercepting nerve signals ; and COGAIN , a new technology for people with severe motor disabilities , allowing them to play 3D computer games using only their eyes .
In a recent Fortune article , Yi- Wyn Yen suggested that Yahoo ’s management should announce a major buyback the way Microsoft and Hewlett - Packard did .
Yi - Wyn Yen quoted Argues Canaccord Adams equity analyst Colin Gillis as saying “ If Yahoo [ executives ] really thought the stock was worth $ 40 , then send a signal of confidence and show us that you mean it .
When a company buys back shares of its own stock , several things happen :
1 – There are fewer shares in the open market , which makes current shareholders shares worth more .
2 – It increases the potential dividend ratio and earnings per share ratio for current investors .
3 – Most importantly , it sends a signal to the market that the company feels its stock is trading below market value and therefore is a good buy .
This is often more important to people than any of the technical implications of a stock buy - back .
In the past two months , Microsoft announced a $ 40 billion buyback , HP made a commitment to buyback $ 8 billion , and just recently even Oracle announced an $ 8 billion buyback of its stock .
If I was an active investor , I would normally interpret this as a signal that a company feels spending money on buying back shares is more valuable than spending it on something else within the company .
If Microsoft were so bullish on their future outlook that they were willing to buy back $ 40 billion worth of stock , I ’d most likely be buying the stock as well .
I find it surprising that Yahoo has not yet taken this move given the fact that they ’ve recently been trading at five year low of $ 12 .
This after Microsoft offered Yahoo $ 33 per share just a few months ago .
Yahoo’s current state of affairs has resulted in thousands of angry Yahoo investors looking for any signs of life from the company .
Emanuel : I 'm Getting Death Threats Over Blagojevich Scandal Obama 's chief of staff delayed going to work because of media stakeout .
Dec. 12 , 2008  --
The president - elect 's chief of staff , Rahm Emanuel , said today he would n't go to the Chicago presidential transition offices in order to avoid reporters trying to ask him whether he had contact with Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich about the Senate seat vacated by Barack Obama 's election .
A spokesman for Emanuel said he later showed up at the office , apparently able to sneak out of the house without being seen by reporters waiting to ask him questions .
Meanwhile , late today a spokesperson for Emanuel confirmed in an email that an Associated Press story saying that he is not a target of the investigation is " accurate . "
Questions remain , however , over his contacts with Blagojevich and his staff , and Emanuel has still not said whether or not he 's been contacted by the FBI for questioning .
Back at his home , Emanuel appeared " beet - red , " according to an ABC News cameraman who was invited inside by Emanuel to use his bathroom this morning .
" I 'm getting regular death threats .
You 've put my home address on national television .
I 'm pissed at the networks .
You 've intruded too much , " Emanuel said , according to the cameraman .
An aide for Emanuel said late Friday afternoon that Emanuel did not make any remarks about receiving death threats .
" While we appreciate this camera man 's active imagination , this report is inaccurate , " said Sarah Feinberg .
Responding to Emanuel 's comments , ABC
News went back and double - checked with the camera man and we stand by the story .
Emanuel has refused to comment as to whether he is the un-named presidential adviser cited in the FBI affidavit filed in the Blagojevich case .
" You 're wasting your time , " Emanuel told a Chicago Sun Times reporter yesterday .
" I 'm not going to say a word to you .
I 'm going to do this with my children .
Do n't do that .
I 'm a father .
I have two kids .
I 'm not going to do it . "
Asked , " Ca n't you do both ? "
Emanuel replied , " I 'm not as capable as you .
I 'm going to be a father .
I 'm allowed to be a father , " and he pushed the reporter 's digital recorder away , according to the Sun Times account .
U.S. Attorney Patrick Fitzgerald says there is " nothing in the complaint " that implicates President - elect Obama but the affidavit suggests someone from the Obama camp was in touch with Blagojevich or his aides , if only to tell the Governor that Obama would not offer anything but " appreciation " in exchange for the Senate appointment .
The president - elect said Thursday he would gather and make public a list of any aides or advisers who talked with Blagojevich on his behalf .
Emanuel has not yet resigned his seat in Congress , the seat previously held by Blagojevich .
Click Here for the Investigative Homepage .
Remnants of " Prufstand West " in Kummersdorf , as it looked in the post - Soviet period .
Apparently , it was constructed in 1934 .
Click to enlarge .
Credit : ( 294 )
A semi-buried bunker next to the Prufstand Ost probably served as a control and firing room for the facility .
Click to enlarge .
Copyright © 2008 Anatoly Zak
" ... At the corners of the back wall there were two openings at eye level , fitted with mirrors to enable the testing staff to observe the rocket motor ... " ( 296 ) Click to enlarge .
Copyright © 2008 Anatoly Zak
" ... In the back wall were a number of holes leading to an observation or measurement chamber .
This mysterious room contained an incredible chaos of blue , red , green , and yellow pipes for measuring , feeding and testing propellants and high - pressure nitrogen , in addition to valves , meters , and recording apparatus ... " ( 296 ) Click to enlarge .
Copyright © 2008 Anatoly Zak
" ... Three concrete walls , 18 feet long and 12 feet high were arranged in the form of a U , the place of fourth wall being taken by folding metal doors .
There was a sliding wooden roof covered with tarpaper , which could be moved on rollers by means of small winch ... " ( 296 ) Click to enlarge .
Copyright © 2008 Anatoly Zak
Soon after the Nazi takeover of power in Germany , Adolf Hitler watched a rocket engine demonstration in Kummersdorf on Sept. 21 , 1933 .
A photo likely showing one of the earliest test stand assemblies for liquid - propellant rocket engines in Kummersdorf .
Click to enlarge .
Credit : ( 295 )
During 1933 , a newly - formed team of engineers led by Wernher von Braun experimented with a multitude of combustion chamber shapes , in a trial - and - error effort to find an optimal design of the rocket engine .
Various materials , such as steel and aluminum were also tested .
Click to enlarge .
The Repulsor rocket is being picked up after a test launch , apparently made in Kummersdorf on June 22 , 1934 .
Its parachute , enabling soft - landing , can be seen on the right .
Click to enlarge .
Captain Walter Dornberger took charge of the first rocket development establishment of the German army in Kummersdorf in 1930 .
The Hall of Mirrors in the Palace of Versailles , France , where a treaty concluding World War I was signed in 1919 .
Despite scenes of heavens adoring its magnificent ceiling , the authors of the Versailles Treaty did not think of including rockets into the list of weapons prohibited for development in the defeated Germany .
Click to enlarge .
Copyright © 2002 Anatoly Zak
The author will greatly appreciate comments , corrections , documents and imagery related to the subject .
Please contact Anatoly Zak .
People attend a course on new types of drugs including " ice " , ecstasy and ketamine in Hefei , east China 's Anhui province , October 31 , 2005 .
REUTERS / China Newsphoto
TAIPEI ( Reuters ) - About 30 kg ( 66lb ) of smuggled party drug ketamine arrived on one of the first direct cargo flights between political rivals China and Taiwan following six decades of hostile relations , a Customs official said Friday .
Airport Customs agents in Taipei found the popular powdered hallucinatory drug Thursday packed into eight boxes on a Chinese cargo plane , customs officials said .
“ Our expectation was that direct cargo links could possibly lead to drug smuggling , ” said Lin Shu-chi , deputy Taipei Customs Office head .
“ I ca n’t say this was beyond our imagination . ”
The ketamine was worth T$ 930,000 ( $ 27,000 ) , Lin said .
Taiwan and China opened direct cargo routes and launched daily direct passenger flights Monday for the first time since 1949 to help Taiwan investors save time and money on travel and factory shipments .
China has claimed sovereignty over Taiwan since 1949 , when Mao Zedong ’s Communists won the Chinese civil war and Chiang Kai - shek ’s Nationalists ( KMT ) fled to the island .
Beijing has vowed to bring Taiwan under its rule , by force if necessary .
The jump in trade and transit links underscore how quickly ties have warmed under the island ’s pro-China President Ma Ying - jeou , who took office in May on a pledge to improve cooperation with Beijing .
A 31 - year - old Chinese woman was arrested in connection with the ketamine , which was destined for a convenience store in central Taiwan , local media said .
When authorities arrived at the farm in rural southwestern Minnesota at 1 a.m. Thursday and asked Elizabeth Hawes about a large illegal fire , her response was : " That 's not my brother . "
But dental records indicate that the skeletal remains in the fire pit did belong to her brother , Edwin Hawes , 46 -- the same brother whom siblings Elizabeth and Andrew Hawes talked about killing several times in front of Elizabeth 's husband , according to court documents released Monday .
In a plot allegedly involving accusations of embezzlement from the family business , Elizabeth and Andrew Hawes left little to chance , according to a complaint filed in Anoka County District Court .
Before Edwin Hawes ' body was burned , Anoka County authorities believe , he was shot in the chest by a crossbow at his Andover home , beaten over the head with a baseball bat , run over , and then taken across the state , where his charred remains were discovered at Andrew Hawes ' and his girlfriend 's Westbrook farm .
Elizabeth Hawes , 43 , and Andrew Hawes , 36 , were charged Monday with aiding and abetting second - degree murder .
So was Andrew Hawes ' girlfriend , Kristina Marie Dorniden , 29 , who , like Andrew and Elizabeth Hawes , was found by authorities at the fire .
The three are being held in the Anoka County jail .
If convicted , each could face a maximum 40 - year sentence .
The blood found in Edwin Hawes ' driveway , on his home 's exterior and on the undercarriage of his Volkswagen Passat was fresh when discovered by authorities last week .
But the tension between the Hawes siblings was several years old , said Mark Miles , Edwin 's employer for the past 18 months and his friend for nearly 20 years .
Elizabeth and Andrew Hawes believed Edwin had embezzled funds from the family landscaping business , said Lt. Paul Sommer of the Anoka County Sheriff 's Office , a claim Miles substantiated .
" It 's been an ongoing nightmare , " Miles told the Star Tribune .
" Andrew claimed Ed stole money and chased Ed out of the business at gunpoint . "
Andrew was arrested in September on a charge of first - degree assault , accused of trying to run over his brother with a car .
" Ed wrote in a letter , ' Listen , it 's all easily solvable , ' " said Miles , who has turned over records to the Sheriff 's Office .
" But they were n't going to listen . "
Edwin Hawes was the oldest sibling -- and his family 's odd man out for years .
At Monday 's hearings , Elizabeth Hawes winked from the stand and smiled at a woman who was later overheard identifying herself as Elizabeth 's mother .
Outside the courtroom , the woman told two acquaintances that , " I love all my children , " but she blamed the family 's troubles on her " lost oldest son , " whom she called a " sociopath . "
Miles told authorities that Edwin Hawes never missed a day of work in 18 months with the Green Guardian landscaping service of St. Paul .
He also said Ed Hawes did n't smoke or drink .
He was divorced and leaves behind a young daughter by another relationship , Miles said .
So tense was Edwin 's relationship with his siblings that he had restraining orders filed against both of them .
The restraining order against Elizabeth was filed on Sept. 25 in Hennepin County .
In the restraining order against Andrew , filed July 24 in Hennepin County , Edwin said Andrew ransacked his office in March 2007 and went to his parents ' home " threatening to kill me . "
Daniel Romig , Elizabeth Hawes ' husband , told authorities that he heard his wife and Andrew planning to kill Edwin " several times , " but did n't want to believe it .
The plan , he told authorities , included Dorniden dropping off Andrew near Edwin's Andover residence and using a crossbow to kill Edwin .
According to court documents , Romig said Andrew would load Edwin 's body into his VW and then get rid of the car and body to make it look as if he just left town .
Edwin was last seen Wednesday night at Lifetime Fitness in Coon Rapids , according to court documents .
An hour later , a neighbor said he heard multiple male voices outside .
" It did n't sound right , " the neighbor told authorities .
Dear Friends and Clients ,
" After 20 years we have retired .
Thank you for your patronage .
For inquiries please contact us directly .
If you were a client you will have our contact information .
Thank You .
the airpod is one of the many cars that they intend to produce .
approximately the samesize of a smart car , it is powered by a tank of compressed air .
reaching up to speedsof 35 mph it can travel a distance of 60 miles on one tank .
the 4 seater vehicle is controlledby a joystick rather than a steering wheel .
air france and klm airlines will launch a 6 monthtrial of the compressed air vehicles in spring 2009 .
read more : http://www.popsci.com
http://www.mdi.lu
The Lone Ranger Colin Powell Was the First Barack Obama
Former US Secretary of State Colin Powell has endorsed Barack Obama for president .
In truth Powell was the first black politician who was universally accepted as a potential leader of America , writes SPIEGEL ONLINE blogger Peter Ross Range .
The flaw was n't in the site itself , it was in the back - end machines responsible for guiding computers to that site .
The vulnerability Kaminsky found is especially insidious because it allows criminals to tamper with machines whose reliability and trustworthiness is critical for the internet to function properly .
Kaminsky , who spoke on Wednesday at the Black Hat hacker conference in Las Vegas , has given few details publicly about the vulnerability he found in the Domain Name System ( DNS ) , a network of servers used to connect computers to websites .
He remained tightlipped so that internet providers would have time to fix their machines .
Many have done that , but others have delayed , leaving some people at risk .
Major vendors like Microsoft , Cisco Systems , Sun Microsystems and others have issued patches - software tweaks that cover the security hole and prevent affected machines from ingesting the bogus information hackers are trying to feed them .
" The industry has rallied like we 've never seen the industry rally before , " Kaminsky said .
Kaminsky 's talk at the conference was packed , with people sitting on the floor of the main speaker 's hall and overflowing out the back doors .
His presentation instantly became one of the Black Hat conference 's most anticipated after he announced on July 8 that he'd found a major weakness in DNS , a critical part of the internet 's plumbing .
While some details leaked out early - security researchers accurately guessed parts of Kaminsky 's discovery - he was able to keep a few juicy bits secret until the talk .
One of those was the susceptibility of many email servers to the DNS vulnerability , an opening that gives criminals a way to plant themselves in the middle of the transmission from the sender to the recipient and redirect messages to their own servers , Kaminsky said .
The result : criminals have a way not only to comb through the contents of those messages , but also to gain access to other password - protected websites the victims belong to .
That 's because most sites have a feature that allows members to retrieve their passwords by email if they 've forgotten them .
If a criminal has access to the account where that message is sent , he can then begin snooping on the contents of that account , from e-mail , to banking , to retailer sites .
The thrust of the DNS flaw is that it allows hackers to attach bad information to packets flowing in and out of DNS servers so they change the directions they give to certain websites .
It 's the equivalent of turning around a street sign to send drivers down the wrong street .
So someone who innocently types in the address of a legitimate website can be strong - armed instead into going to a malicious site under the criminal 's control .
Because the attack happens at the network level , and the browser believes it 's visiting the legitimate site , the attack is nearly impossible for users to detect .
Many email servers are vulnerable because they also handle DNS traffic , Kaminsky said .
Even if they only handle internal inquiries , if they interact with external DNS servers , that 's often enough to expose them to attack .
Hackers are thus able to manipulate the packets associated with email traffic the same way they manipulate the packets associated with general web traffic .
AP
So only recently did I find out that T - Pain is a Muslim .
I guess I did n’t know this before because I would turn off the radio when I heard a T - Pain song .
I guess I just ca n’t stand autotune .
I guess I also am not a fan of the new rap music that has emerged over the past few years .
Besides a few exceptions , I guess you can say I ’m stuck in the 90’s , with my extensive catalogue , and repeated listening sessions of Wu-tang Clan , A Tribe Called Quest , Boot Camp Clik , among other notable 90 ’s solo acts and cliques .
T- Pain ’s openness about his religious persuasion did get me thinking about which rappers are and are not Muslims .
Not that it matters what religion my favourite rappers might be , but it ’s just a point of interest , especially when I read on various sites about how Islam has contributed nothing to Western culture , or when people claim every rapper and his mother is Muslim .
So I decided to write something that combines the two topics .
As long as I ’ve been aware of rap music , I ’ve been aware of the influence of Islam on the genre .
From the wearing of kufi’s , to the usage of peace for salutations , to the usage of Nation of Islam terminology in the lyrics .
It ’s always been there , and pretty evident .
Take a look at the inside cover of I Am… by Nas , with his quotation of Surah al - Nas on the inside of the booklet ; a full acknowledgment of the double - meaning of his name ; both a short form for his first name , Nasir , as well as the meaning of the Surah , which means “ Mankind ” .
Nas makes no qualms about his rap to be a medium for people around the world to relate to , and though he ’s not a Muslim , he has a sympathetic lyrics and style towards Islam .
Curse the day of they birth confused / who's to be praised ?/ The mighty dollar -- or almighty Allah ' – Nas - Ghetto Prisoners ( I Am ... )
Put it on her ring finger cocked the glock / and started prayin/ to Muhammad and Allah , the most beneficial ... – Nas – Undying Love ( I Am ...)
Listen to the introductory track on Diddy aka P. Diddy aka Puff Daddy ’s only good album , No Way Out , where he says a prayer over the recitation of the Azhan in the background .
Clearly an acknowledgement and reflection of Islam on the culture of rappers who inhabit the hip hop genre .
There ’s plenty examples within the lyrics of rappers themselves , much of the time , the rappers themselves are n’t even Muslim , but clearly show an affinity for Islamic teachings and principles .
A few examples of lyrics that relate to Islam , or acknowledge Islamic scripture include :
Aiyo , I 'll die for the prophets and I 'll die for the Lord
On the battlefield , wounded badly , holding a sword
With no questions asked , I already know , it 's all for the cause
Just laying me facing the East , when I 'm under the floor – Ghostface Killah – I ’ll Die For You ( The Big Doe Rehab )
The voice of racism preaching the gospel is devilish
A fake church called the prophet Muhammad a terrorist
Forgetting
God is not a religion , but a spiritual bond
And Jesus is the most quoted prophet in the Qu'ran – Immortal Technique – The 4th Branch ( Revolutionary Vol . 2 )
Passin judgment , you niggaz second - guessin Beans
Cause you do n't eat swine do n't make you Amin
Dog you know a couple suras , out the Qur'an
I guess you all on your din and I ain't on mine – Beanie Sigel - This Can't Be Life ( The Dynasty : Roc La Familia )
So , clearly there is openness about Islam in rap music , whether picked up by the general masses or not , there are plenty of popular rappers of past and present who are openly practicing Muslims .
I ’ve compiled a list of the 10 Most Successful Muslim rappers , using their records sold as the sole criteria .
I ’ve also provided some quotes from the rappers ’ themselves , in regards to their view on Islam , and how it affects them and their careers .
10 .
RHYMEFEST
Real Name
Che Smith
Albums
Blue Collar ( 2006 )
Total Albums Sold
~ 0.02 million
Notes
I heard the imam speak , and it made me cry , " the rapper says .
" He was speaking of community and brotherhood and love , and I saw men all around me who had their boys with them .
I saw these men in this holy place , with their shoes off , prostrated before God .
I said , ' That 's the kind of father I want to be . '
Discovering God was my way out , " he says .
" You know why some rappers glorify drug dealing ?
They do n't tell the whole story .
They do n't talk about the lives destroyed by it .
The children left at home who eat paint chips off the wall , that go to school hungry .
They are n't telling the whole story , and I hate that
Even rappers are jumping in on the " use God as a shield " act .
Or is it really an act ?
It does n't seem as though rappers are concerned with appealing to that religious audience yet one of DMX 's last singles was " Lord Give Me A Sign . "
Yes , this thing reaches further than any specific denomination , when even Lupe Fiasco proudly proclaims his Muslim faith as part of the reason for his unique outlook on music and culture .
Do n't get it twisted , in no way am I dissing any artist who announces their faith in their music and lifestyle .
For even I use my co-authoring of " Jesus Walks " as part of the advertisement for Rhymefest as an artist .
And like Lupe , I have publicly embraced my Islamic faith .
Although , I personally have a difficult time calling myself a Muslim ( one who submits his will to God ) because I 'm still striving to totally submit myself to God .
So let 's make this clear , sum it up and ask the questions
( I ’m ) not talking about partial submission to God or using God 's name as a marketing tool .
( I ’m ) talking about totally submitting our lives to the idea of a power greater than record sales , saving face in lieu of criticism or even our own physical lives .
Upcoming Albums
El Che ( 2009 )
9 .
FREEWAY
Real Name
Leslie Pridgen
Albums
State Property
State Property Soundtrack ( 2002 )
The Chain Gang Vol. 2 ( 2003 )
Solo
Philadelphia Freeway ( 2003 )
Free at Last ( 2007 )
Total Albums Sold
0.8 million +
Notes
For a month .
I stayed in Medina for two weeks and I went to Mecca for two weeks .
I went there with some brothers from the masjid that I go to in Philadelphia .
I did the Umrah .
When I went over there , I fell in with a lot of the scholars and students of Islam .
The whole time I was trying to be a rapper I did n’t know it was against the religion .
‘ Cause all the time you ’re rapping and writing , you can be studying and the fans listening to the music could be studying .
When I put the album out some of ‘em was really hard on me and told me to leave it alone .
Some other brothers were a little more lenient with me saying I could ease my way out .
God gave us a will .
Mankind , we ’ve got a will .
We ’ve got a choice to either do something or not do something .
There ’s a lot of things people do that are not right .
I was selling drugs and I still was praying , doing what I was supposed to do .
At least I ’m doing something where I ’m not killing nobody .
I ’m making an honest living and I do n’t gotta worry about the cops on my back or nothin ’ like that .
Eventually , I want to get myself together and live like a Muslim is supposed to live .
But right now I ’m doing what I ’ve gotta do .
When I pray , I ask God for forgiveness .
I do n’t know man .
I just try to be good and do as much as I can .
I pray five times a day .
These are things I used to not do .
In the beginning , I was Muslim , but I was smoking and running around like crazy .
I ’ve cut a lot of stuff out and there ’s still a lot of work to do .
But I feel like I ’m on the right path .
I eventually wanna raise my family and do the right thing .
But [ hip - hop ] is my passion .
There ’s a lot of people doing things they ’re not supposed to do .
Like a Muslim working in a supermarket and selling pork .
I might take a drink here or there , but I ’m trying to get that down .
I used to smoke [ weed ] every five minutes and I clipped it .
I just got up like , ‘ I ca n’t die like this because if I ’m high and not doing the right thing , I know I ’m going straight to hell . '
Upcoming Albums
( none )
8 .
LUPE FIASCO
Real Name
Wasalu Muhammad Jaco
Albums
Food & Liquor ( 2006 )
The Cool ( 2007 )
Total Albums Sold
1.0 million +
Notes
… To me , it ’s good and bad .
I do n’t drink alcohol ‘ cause of the Muslim side of me , so I never drank alcohol before and I never smoked weed .
So , alcohol was always a bad thing to me .
I always seen what it did to people .
All my friends who’d be alcoholics , I always seen what it did to people , and it was always **** ed up !
Niggas would get drunk , crash their car into a wall .
Niggas would get drunk , start a fight .
Niggas would get drunk , have a shootout .
All types of wild shit .
There was always a bad connotation with alcohol to me .
Yet , food is good , you know ?
You eat food , you grow , you live .
So what I started seeing in the ‘ hood , niggas would get their money and they would go get alcohol or a fifth before they would get some food .
You got niggas who get drunk before they would even eat , and then it ’s to the point they get so drunk that they ca n’t eat , they ’re throwing up .
So there was always that balance between the good and the bad , and I think it made up me .
Because I ’m not a hundred percent straight Muslim - conscious - nigga , you know ?
I did my thing , running around or whatever .
So , I always thought that was a part of me : I have some food in me , and I ’m also capable of having some liquor in me .
It gets explained on the album so that people can really digest it and understand it .
… as a Muslim you just supposed to advise .
You not posed to criticize .
You speak your peace and you keep it moving .
Like , mostly I catch Muslims who come up to me who ca n’t relate to their father or ca n’t relate to a different struggle and be like yo I ’m glad - thank you , thank you Aki for doing Muhammad Walks , which is a song I did on my first mixtape , you know , to Jesus Walks and flipped it and made it a lil bit more universal and talked about Islam .
And like , people - Muslims , young Muslim kids and stuff like that - was walking up like " yo thank you for doing that record yo ”
Upcoming Albums
LupE.N.D. ( 2009 )
7 .
MOS DEF
Real Name
Dante Terrell Smith
Albums
Blackstar
Black Star ( 1998 )
Solo
Black on Both Sides ( 1999 )
The New Danger ( 2004 )
Tru3 Magic ( 2006 )
Total Albums Sold
1.0 million +
Notes
I got my first exposure to Islam when I was 13 ,
My dad taught me how to make wudhu .
You 're not gonna get through life without being worshipful or devoted to something
You 're either devoted to your job , or to your desires .
So the best way to spend your life is to try to be devoted to prayer , to Allah .
If Islam 's sole interest is the welfare of mankind , then Islam is the strongest advocate of human rights anywhere on Earth
" Islam has taught me to bless words directed to the public ,
That gives them spiritual wings .
And Insha ' Allah , God will accept my efforts
Upcoming Albums
The Ecstatic ( 2009 )
6 .
BEANIE SIGEL
Real Name
Dwight Grant
Albums
State Property
State Property Soundtrack ( 2002 )
The Chain Gang Vol. 2 ( 2003 )
Solo
The Truth ( 2000 )
The Reason ( 2001 )
The B. Coming ( 2005 )
The Solution ( 2007 )
Total Albums Sold
1.6 million +
Notes
A number of Beanie Sigel 's songs deal with his Sunni Muslim faith , and the conflict between the conduct expected of a Muslim and the maintenance of a gangsta lifestyle .
His on - record relationship to religion has been complex .
Sometimes he berates those who would lecture him for not being observant enough , as on " This Can't Be Life " ; at others he expresses anxiety and looks to God for mercy , such as on " Judgment Day " from The Solution and several songs on The B. Coming , such as " Lord Have Mercy " and " I Can't Go On This Way " .
On the latter he says , I pray Allah , forgive me for my actions / ' Cause I spit gangsta , think Muslim and act kafir .
The song " Mom Praying " from The Reason , a collaboration with Scarface , finds each man talking about faith and filial loyalty in his own way , with Beanie acknowledging that his mother and grandmother are kuffar ( unbelievers ) , but proclaiming his undying love for them regardless .
Some of his other songs maintain the downbeat , ruminative tone of his religious songs , without necessarily touching on religious angst , namely " Feel It In The Air " , the first single from The B. Coming and one of his most acclaimed songs .
Upcoming Albums
( none )
5 .
NAPOLEAN
Real Name
Mutah Wassin Shabazz Beale
Albums
Outlawz
Still I Rise ( with Tupac Shakur ) ( 1999 )
Ride Wit Us or Collide Wit Us ( 2000 )
Novakane ( 2001 )
Neva Surrenda ( 2002 )
Outlaw 4 Life : 2005 A.P. ( 2005 )
Ca n't Sell Dope Forever ( with Dead Prez ) ( 2006 )
We Want In ( 2008 )
Bangin ' on the System ( with Dead Prez ) ( 2008 )
Solo
Napoleon Presents Tha Bonaparz ( Unreleased ) ( 2001 )
Have Mercy ( Unreleased ) ( 2005 )
Napoleon Presents The Loyalty Fam ( 2005 )
Total Albums Sold
3.2 million +
Notes
Mutah Wassin Shabazz Beale -- better known to the music industry as Napoleon from The Outlawz -- has left the rap game , along with the lifestyle it can promote , and is now a practicing Muslim , glorifying only God .
At the tender age of 3 Mutah witnessed his parents ' murder , later saw one of his brothers commit suicide , and has seen numerous other friends killed to street violence , including 2 Pac and fellow Outlaw member Kadafi .
While his parents were Muslim converts , after their death Mutah was raised by his Christian grandmother .
Like many young people today who see music as one of the few way out of the streets , Mutah chose rap as a career path , and moved to California with childhood friend Kadafi .
Together they formed part of The Outlawz .
He got what he aspired for -- fame , money , houses , celebrities and parties .
But Napoleon was still unsatisfied with life .
It was only when he took some time out to study religion and found contentment within Islam and its beliefs that he realized what had been missing .
Today , Napolean is a devout Muslim who gives speeches as a motivational speaker for the youth .
About his converting , in an interview from a few years back , he says , “ He started inviting me to the masjid [ mosque ] and giving me literature and that 's how I started to come closer to Islam . ”
“ It was n't until I became a Muslim and learnt more about the religion and know who my Lord is -- that 's when I started feeling tranquility and that feeling of no contentment slowly but surely went away . ”
About why he left the music industry , he says “ I think as far as Islamically , it can not be a good thing .
The reason why is that musical instruments is what 's not permissible in Islam .
So to try and spread Islam with musical instruments would be innovating , it'd be starting something new in the religion .
There 's a reason why the Prophet Muhammad told us to stay away from instruments -- even non-Muslims .
I was reading the other day , there were some doctors and psychologists who did a research on music , and they said they do n't listen to music and they do n't allow their kids to listen to music .
They agreed that music had an effect on them , both mentally and physically , sometimes without you knowing .
Even to the point that certain musical sounds can make your heart skip a beat , some can raise your blood pressure , and some can even lead to a heart attack .
Then you got the people who might argue that some musical sounds can make you calm and this and that , but in Islam , nothing should have an effect over us more than the word of God , which is the Quran .
So , I try to stay away from that . ”
Upcoming Albums
( none )
4 .
Q - Tip
Real Name
Kamaal Ibn John Fareed
Albums
A Tribe Called Quest
People 's Instinctive Travels and the Paths of Rhythm ( 1990 )
The Low End Theory ( 1991 )
Revised Quest for the Seasoned Traveller ( 1992 )
Midnight Marauders ( 1993 )
Beats , Rhymes and Life ( 1996 )
The Love Movement ( 1998 )
Solo
Amplified ( 1999 )
Kamaal the Abstract ( 2002 )
The Renaissance ( 2008 )
Total Albums Sold
4.6 million +
Notes
Q - Tip became interested in Islam after enlisting the Nation of Islam and Afrikaa Bambaataa for protection after a physical altercation with Wreckx - n - Effect , another rap group , over a line spit by fellow A Tribe Called Quest member , Phife .
He then converted to Islam in the mid-1990s and changed his name to Kamaal Ibn John Fareed .
In a September 27 , 2001 interview with Le Monde , Q-tip had this to say about how Islam and Hip Hop complement each other spiritually , " Hip - hop deals with words and wordplay .
And when you deal with something that is eloquent , you tend to get swept away by it .
Hip - hop deals with the lowest form of the part of the ego , the lowest part of the psyche .
It deals with more of the animalistic environment of the human being , in the sense that it allows [ animalistic actions ] to continue .
Whereas in al - Islam , it deals with how to suppress it .
Islam is about curbing your animalistic way and things of that nature . "
And then criticizing the Five Percenters , he adds : " With the Five Percent , it may speak about it , but it writes everything off .
That you can do anything you want ' cause you 're a God ... "
Upcoming Albums
( none )
3 .
BUSTA RHYMES
Real Name
Trevor George Smith , Jr.
Albums
Leaders of the New School
A Future Without A Past ( 1991 )
T.I.M.E. ( The Inner Mind ’s Eye ) ( 1993 )
Flipmode Squad
The Imperial ( 1998 )
Solo
The Coming ( 1996 )
When Disaster Strikes ( 1997 )
E.L.E. ( Extinction Level Event ) : The Final World Front ( 1998 )
Anarchy ( 2000 )
Genesis ( 2001 )
It Ain't Safe No More ( 2002 )
The Big Bang ( 2006 )
Total Albums Sold
6 million +
Notes
Busta Rhymes has dabbled in 5 %er and the Nation of Islam , but recently clips on the internet have emerged in which he has publicized his belief in Orthodox Islam .
As a Muslim , Busta Rhymes has stated that Islam grounds him , and keep him “ in tune with his spirit , and in tuine with your reality , as far as life is concerned … and definitely being in tune with your family . ”
Upcoming Albums
B.O.M.B. ( 2009 )
2 .
GHOSTFACE KILLAH
Real Name
Dennis Coles
Albums
Wu-tang Clan
Enter the Wu ( 36 Chambers ) ( 1993 )
Wu-tang Forever ( 1997 )
Iron Flag ( 2000 )
The W ( 2001 )
8 Diagrams ( 2007 )
Solo
Ironman ( 1996 )
Supreme Clientele ( 2000 )
Bulletproof Wallets ( 2001 )
The Pretty Toney Album ( 2004 )
Put It On The Line ( with Trife Da God ) ( 2005 )
Fishscale ( 2006 )
More Fish ( 2006 )
The Big Doe Rehab ( 2007 )
Total Albums Sold
6.2 million +
Notes
An original member of the Wu-tang Clan , Ghostface Killah has often used language in his lyrics that would make you believe his beliefs fell in line with the Five Percent Nation , like his Clan-mates .
In recent years , however , Ghostface Killah has decided to publicize his affiliation with Sunni Islam .
In an interview with AllHipHop.com , Ghostface had this to say about his perceived affiliation with the 5 %ers , “ … I study Islam .
I ’m not a part of the Five Percent Nation .
I always respected what the brothers spoke about , but I was never apart of it .
I respect the lessons and all that .
I agreed with a lot of their ideology . ”
When asked about whether what he practices in his personal life carries over into his videos , which have more often than not , contained scantily clad women , Ghostface had the following to say ,
‘ Well , Islam for me means Peace and Submission , so I submit to the will of Allah .
At the same time , I know we are in a time where things have changed .
I ai n’t gonna front , I ’ve had babies by ladies that were n’t Muslim , but in my household they had to follow a certain amount of laws about being very clean and no pork in my house and knowing how to raise my kids .
When you do videos , that ’s just TV .
That ’s an illusion at the end of the day .
So , I ’m not saying that every girl gotta be Muslim .
In these days and times , a lot of people are not even dealing with that unless I stay in the mosque all day and catch a woman with her face covered up .
Not to say , I do n’t want a women like that - somebody that has respect for herself , that ’s one of the best [ qualities ] you can ever have in a woman .
The videos and all that stuff are just like make up . ”
Upcoming Albums
Ghostdeini the Great ( 2009 )
1 .
ICE CUBE
Real Name
O'Shea Jackson
Albums
N.W.A .
N.W.A. and the Posse ( 1987 )
Straight Outta Compton ( 1988 )
100 Miles and Runnin ' ( 1990 )
Niggaz4life ( 1991 )
Westside Connection
Bow Down ( 1996 )
Terrorist Threats ( 2003 )
Solo
Amerikka ’s Most Wanted ( 1990 )
Kill At Will EP ( 1990 )
Death Certificate ( 1991 )
The Predator ( 1992 )
Lethal Injection ( 1993 )
War & Peace Vol. 1 : The War Disc ( 1998 )
War & Peace Vol. 2 : The Peace Disc ( 2000 )
Laugh Now , Cry Later ( 2006 )
Raw Footage ( 2008 )
Total Albums Sold
13 million +
Notes
You might know Ice Cube from his days as one of the main members of N.W.A. , the group that sprung gangster rap on the masses with their street , yet politically charged lyrics .
Ice Cube continued the tone of the gangster rapper with a social conscience throughout his career , and has even had that persona transpire into a successful movie career .
In an interview that touched on the confusion of whether he was an Orthodox Muslim or an involved member of the Nation of Islam , as he first projected on his 1992 album , The Predator , he responded with the following , " Ah , when you say involved with the Nation , it 's tricky .
I never was in the Nation of Islam ...
I mean , what I call myself is a natural Muslim , ' cause it 's just me and God .
You know , going to the mosque , the ritual and the tradition , it 's just not in me to do .
So I do n't do it . "
On how religion impacts his moral outlook and conscience , however , he said , “ It ’s all helped to shape me ; half of my life Christian and the other half of my life Muslim .
I realized in looking at both of them that ultimately when you know right from wrong you do n’t need either of them to know how to live right .
A lot of people really need a lot of religion in their life .
I ’m not knocking them for that at all because you gotta do what ’s right for you .
I ’m not a person who needs a lot of that to stay on the right path , know how to respect people , and respect , believe and fear in God .
So I do n’t put a lot into religion ”
Upcoming Albums
( none )
Honourable Mentions : Akon , Jurassic 5 , MC Ren , Young Neef , Cilvaringz , Paris , DJ Khaled , Vinnie Paz , Ali Shaheed Muhammad , ?uestlove , Malik B , Young Noble , Edi Amin ,
References
http://www.beliefnet.com/Entertainment/Music/2001/04/Youre-Gonna-Serve-Somebody.aspx
http://www.nobodysmiling.com/hiphop/interview/84943.php
http://www.quantara.de/webcom/show_article.php/_c-587/_nr-28/_p-1/i.html?PHPSESSID=133099
http://film.guardian.co.uk/Feature_Story/feature_story/0,,140252,00.html
http://www.answers.com/topic/ice-cube-rapper-actor-filmmaker
http://www.urbannewz.com/2007/11/freeway-interview.html
http://www.murderdog.com/archives/freeway/Freeway.htm
http://www.exclaim.ca/articles/multiarticlesub.aspx?csid1=118&csid2=9&fid1=29398
http://www.sdonline.org/36/verilythereisonlyonehiphop.html
http://www.soundopinions.org/forum/lofiversion/index.php/t4368.html
http://www.ballerstatus.com/article/features/2008/04/4487/
http://www.hitemup.com/interviews/napoleon-part1.html
Rhymefest , probably best known for his ghostwriting for Kanye West , including the hit single , Jesus Walks , was first introduced to Islam through member of the Vice Lords gang .
The gangmember took him to the mosque where he was told to listen to the Imam speak , " Now he shares a house in Indianapolis with his mother , who has been clean ( from crack - cocaine ) for years ; a teenage sister ; and his young son from a brief marriage , Solomon .
Rhymefest worked countless jobs to support them , eventually becoming a teacher and youth counselor .
He could have easily written an entire album about his close proximity to the gang life where he grew up .. " Rhymefest has also spoken out about rappers who hide behind God to help them sell records .
On his blog on SOHH.com , he says , “ Freeway has always been very open about his belief in Islam .
He ’s even been to Mecca and Medina for Umrah .
“ Freeway almost gave up rapping during his Umrah , “ About reconciling the idea that he ca n’t be a rapper and be a good Muslim , Freeway explains , “ And finally , about being a good Muslim , he says , “ Lupe broke out on the scene back in 2005 , with his 1st & 15th Mixtape Series .
He converted the success from his mixtapes into albums , with the critically acclaimed albums , Food & Liquor , and The Cool .
The first album won him a grammy nomination , while the second cemented him as one of the best lyrical and conceptual rappers of today .
About how Islam has influenced his first album ’s title , Food & Liquor , he says , “ Lupe Fiasco has never shied away from his Islamic beliefs , so when asked about criticism he might receive for being an openly Muslim rapper , he had this to say , “ Raised by his mother in Brooklyn , across the river from his father 's home in New Jersey , Mos did n't receive a formal introduction to Islam until adolescence . " " says Mos .
" It was n't for another six years , when he was 19 , that he took his shahada , the Muslim declaration of faith .
He 'd gotten there by reading and personal reflection and after getting to know other Muslim rappers , like Ali Shaheed Muhammad and Q - Tip of the group A Tribe Called Quest .
Since then , Islam has been the cornerstone of Mos ' life and of his socially and spiritually themed music . " , " says Mos .
" He also has two younger brothers , Abdul Rahman ( a.k.a .
" Gold Medal Man " , who is Mos ' full - time DJ ) and Anwar Superstar , and a younger sister , Ces ( Casey ) Smith , who are also converts to Islam .
Tackling a broad swath of issues that include water rights , African American self - esteem , and the destiny of humankind , Mos enlightens the listener as well as entertains .
Taking on such issues , he says , is an Islamic mandate . " , " says Mos. " says Mos Def. " . "
Enlarge By Mark Stockwell , The Sun Chronicle / AP Eileen Wilbur holds up a letter she received from the city of Attleboro , Mass. , indicating that a lien would be placed on her home because of an overdue water bill for 1 cent .
The bill has now been paid .
ATTLEBORO , Mass . ( AP )  A 74 - year - old blind woman's 1 cent debt to a Massachusetts city has been settled .
People from across the country called Attleboro City Hall on Tuesday offering to pay the 1 cent balance owed by Eileen Wilbur for an overdue water and sewer bill .
Antonio Viveiros , a former city councilor who does not know Wilbur , wrote a check for one penny .
He says he was " irked " by the fact that the federal government can spend billions for bailouts , yet a senior citizen was threatened with a lien on her home over 1 cent .
Wilbur 's daughter first noticed the letter that warned of a lien and a $ 48 penalty if the overdue bill was not paid by Dec. 10 .
Mayor Kevin Dumas says the whole situation was blown out of proportion .
Copyright 2008 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
HOUSTON ( Reuters ) - A grand jury in South Texas indicted U.S. Vice President Dick Cheney and former attorney General Alberto Gonzales on Tuesday for “ organized criminal activity ” related to alleged abuse of inmates in private prisons .
In this combination photo , Vice President Dick Cheney ( L ) is seen after a meeting with members of his economic advisory team at the Treasury Department in Washington August 8 , 2007 , and former attorney General Alberto Gonzales answers journalists ' questions during a news conference in Cuernavaca , Mexico , June 8 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Larry Downing / Henry Romero
The indictment has not been seen by a judge , who could dismiss it .
The grand jury in Willacy County , in the Rio Grande Valley near the U.S. - Mexico border , said Cheney is “ profiteering from depriving human beings of their liberty , ” according to a copy of the indictment obtained by Reuters .
The indictment cites a “ money trail ” of Cheney ’s ownership in prison - related enterprises including the Vanguard Group , which owns an interest in private prisons in south Texas .
Former attorney general Gonzales used his position to “ stop the investigations as to the wrong doings ” into assaults in county prisons , the indictment said .
Cheney ’s office declined comment .
“ We have not received any indictments .
I ca n’t comment on something we have not received , ” said Cheney ’s spokeswoman Megan Mitchell .
The indictment , overseen by county District Attorney Juan Guerra , cites the case of Gregorio De La Rosa , who died on April 26 , 2001 , inside a private prison in Willacy County .
The grand jury wrote it made its decision “ with great sadness , ” but said they had no other choice but to indict Cheney and Gonzales “ because we love our country . ”
Texas is the home state of U.S. President George W. Bush .
Bush and his Republican administration , which first took office in January 2001 , leave the White House on January 20 after the November presidential elections won by Democrat Barack Obama .
Gonzales was attorney general from 2005 to 2007 .
British woman , 74 , beaten to death in Zimbabwe as country slides into lawlessness
As Mary Austen becomes another white farmer to be murdered in Zimbabwe , President Robert Mugabe speaks at a UN conference blaming foreign nations for his country 's problems
A British woman , 74 , has been beaten to death and her husband left in a critical condition after a violent attack on the couple 's farm in Zimbabwe .
The body of Mary Austen was discovered two days after she was murdered in Kwekwe , in the country 's centre .
Her husband Neville , a 77 - year - old Zimbabwean was found unable to move or speak .
Police told The Times that when they arrived at the scene of horror , they found furniture strewn all over the house after a struggle between the Austens and their attackers .
Mary died from numerous head injuries .
A neighbour , who knew her well , described the attack as ' really brutal ' .
' She was absolutely bludgeoned to death , ' the neighbour told The Times .
' She was a nice old lady who grew vegetables and maize for domestic consumption on a small farm . '
White Zimbabwean farmers have described the latest killing as a sign of the country descending into a ' Wild West ' state where hunger and ill - health are rife .
They believe it is simply part of a campaign to hand their farms to Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe 's cronies .
Meanwhile , at a U.N aid summit in Qatar 's capital over the weekend , Mr Mugabe blamed foreign governments for bringing his country to the verge of financial ruin through their efforts to end his rule .
He said economic sanctions should be lifted so the government could turn around the African state 's economic woes .
' Zimbabwe has been and continues to be a victim of unilateral and illegal coercive measures , aimed at undermining the government through regime change which is illegal , ' he said .
Food crisis :
Many rural people in Zimbabwe are now resorting to selling wild fruits to earn a living and make ends meet
Mr Mugabe , who has ruled for 25 years , said it was impossible for Zimbabwe to hit global goals for reducing poverty because of the impact of the sanctions .
Inflation in Zimbabwe is officially over 230 million per cent , the country facing food shortages .
Critics have accused Mr Mugabe of destroying one of Africa 's most promising economies with controversial policies , including seizures of white - owned farms for redistribution .
Mugabe has clung to power for years despite a worsening political and economic crisis .
He and opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai agreed to a power - sharing deal this year but they have failed to break a deadlock over the makeup of the new government .
She said : " I was walking and noticed a gang of cats sitting very close together .
It is unusual to see so many like that so I went for a closer look and that 's where I saw him .
The boy was lying at the bottom of a gutter .
There were all these cats on top of him licking him because he was really dirty .
AMERICA is a house with many rooms .
In an image of the writer Philip Slater , our frontier legacy instilled in us the habit of taking possession of one pristine room at a time .
Instead of occupying the whole house at once , we have lived in it room by room , successively .
At first , we love the clean feeling of a fresh space , but gradually we litter the room with accumulations , both material and spiritual .
Garbage and broken promises clutter the corners , then spill into the center of the room .
Waste , excess , and lost innocence pile high .
Finally , unable to stand it , we pack a few special possessions and open the next door , ready for a fresh start , a new room .
Because the house is so big , there is always unused space , just waiting for us to claim it .
Close the door on the sullied past .
This is what the continental progression from spoiled east to ever - virginal west amounted to , in Slater 's metaphor - a nation that never had to reckon with its profligate ways because there was always the next frontier .
The great American ideal of freedom was thus founded on freedom from accountability .
Slater 's metaphor obviously applies to a long - operative environmental irresponsibility , as polluted cities were left behind for pastoral suburbs , and as sprawl - ruined suburbs are now being left behind for evergreen exurbs .
The metaphor precisely describes the geographic state of American education , with trashed inner-city schools left behind by " No Child Left Behind . "
But the metaphor applies more abstractly , too - as we see US foreign policy on Iraq , for example , defined , first , by wrecking the room , and then ( now ) , by getting the hell out .
( Let 's try Afghanistan . )
We solve our problems by leaving them behind .
We do n't do consequences .
Today , the United States stands at a threshold , marked by tomorrow 's election .
As has happened so often before , a new room seems to lie open before us - but this is a room with a view .
What is seen from there means that the whole house of America might never look the same .
The threshold itself is the transformation .
So let 's just vote , and , as the admirable but poorly named antiwar organization proposes , move on .
No , let 's not .
Thinking of tomorrow 's election simply as a fresh start is a temptation to be resisted .
There will be no closing the door on what America has been doing , so let 's not even try .
After voting , instead of lighting out , let 's turn back and reckon with what has been befouled .
This is a matter of specific policies : end the Middle East wars , of course , but cooperate in unprecedented international diplomacy to eliminate the causes of war ; change the urban - suburban social contract to bring impoverished inner cities back into economic and cultural vitality ; recast the underpinnings of the economy , with one eye on demilitarizing it and another on making justice count as much as profit .
But more than policy , a change in American mythology is required .
No innocence abroad ; none at home .
Good intentions are n't enough .
The last frontier is long closed .
No new frontiers .
No moving on .
Only one Earth .
Love it or lose it .
That 's the truth , which has consequences .
Everyone is asking what kind of leader our next president will be .
But there is a prior question :
What kind of people will we be ?
The transformation that matters tomorrow is the one that occurs in the hearts of citizens .
Can we cast our votes as a personal promise to be responsible for where and how we live ?
Democracy does not end with the ballot , but begins there .
Our ill - treated house , staying with the metaphor , has brought the neighborhood down , even as we and our housemates have not been good to one another .
Can we change ?
Yes .
The convergence of historic US foreign policy failures , an epochal economic collapse , a cultural mutation spawned by information technology , a make - or - break moment for American schools , the global environmental challenge , and the arrival of new political leadership - all of this defines the threshold on which we stand .
Not a new room , but the only room there ever was , waiting to be finally ruined - or fully renewed .
James Carroll 's column appears regularly in the Globe .
© Copyright 2008 Globe Newspaper Company .
Dear Cecil :
What is the opposite of absolute zero ?
I can accept the idea that there 's a coldest possible temperature , but I like my limits in pairs .
Is there a limit to how hot things can get ?
If so , what is it and why is it ?
Mark Stewart , Chicago
Cecil replies :
There is a limit , sort of , but it ’s so inconceivably large that nobody but high energy physicists talks about it ( although as I think about it absolute zero does n’t exactly qualify as breakfast table chatter either ) .
The highest possible temperature , called the Planck temperature , is equal to 10 ^32 degrees Kelvin .
For comparison , the center of the sun bubbles along at 15 million degrees K ( 15 x 10^6 ) ; silicon can be created by fusion at 1 billion K ( 10^9 ) .
In short , the Planck temperature is very toasty indeed .
Some scientists believe that we , or at least our universe , have already experienced the Planck temperature , although it went by so quickly you may have missed it .
It occurred at 10 ^ - 43 of a second after the Big Bang , the great cataclysm in which the universe was born .
( 10 ^ - 43 of a second , in case you ’re not hip to the notation , is an incredibly tiny fraction of time .
Time enough to create the universe , but not , as a University of Chicago physicist was once at pains to explain , time enough to get off a disputed last - tenth - of - a- second shot against the Chicago Bulls . )
Absolute zero is easier to understand than the Planck temperature .
What we perceive as heat is a function of motion .
The colder something gets , the less internal motion or vibration its molecules exhibit .
At absolute zero — that is , zero degrees Kelvin or - 460 degrees Fahrenheit — molecular motion virtually stops .
At that point whatever the molecules are a part of is as cold as it ’s going to get .
There ’s a lot more latitude in the opposite direction .
The faster molecules move , the hotter they get .
At 10^10 K electrons approach the speed of light , but they also become more massive , so their temperature can continue to rise .
At 10^32 K such staggering densities obtain that greater temperature would cause each particle of matter to become its own black hole , and the usual understanding of space and time would collapse .
Ergo , the Planck temperature is as hot as things can get .
Or at least it ’s the highest temp conceivable in present theory .
There ’s a chance when a quantum theory of gravity is worked out we may find even higher temperatures are possible .
The prospect , frankly , leaves me cold .
Cecil Adams
Send questions to Cecil via cecil@straightdope.com .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
Records from a cell phone used by President - elect Obama were improperly breached , apparently by employees of the cell phone company , Verizon Wireless said Thursday .
An Obama spokesman said the transition team was told Verizon Wireless workers looked through billing records .
" This week we learned that a number of Verizon Wireless employees have , without authorization , accessed and viewed President - Elect Barack Obama 's personal cell phone account , " Lowell McAdam , Verizon Wireless president and CEO , said in a statement .
" All employees who have accessed the account -- whether authorized or not --- have been put on immediate leave , with pay . "
The Obama transition team was notified Wednesday by Verizon of the breach , said team spokesman Robert Gibbs .
He said the president - elect no longer uses the phone .
McAdam said the device on the account was a simple voice flip - phone , not a BlackBerry or other smartphone designed for e-mail or other data services , so none of Obama 's e-mail could have been accessed .
Verizon Wireless , meanwhile , has launched an internal probe to determine whether Obama 's information was simply shared among employees or whether " the information of our customer had in any way been compromised outside our company , and this investigation continues , " McAdam said in an internal company e-mail obtained by CNN .
" Employees with legitimate business needs for access will be returned to their positions , while employees who have accessed the account improperly and without legitimate business justification will face appropriate disciplinary action , " McAdam said , " up to and including termination . "
The company has alerted " the appropriate federal law enforcement authorities , " McAdam said .
Gibbs said that while the Secret Service has been notified , he is not aware of any criminal investigation .
He said he believes it was billing records that were accessed .
Gibbs said that anyone viewing the records likely would have been able to see phone numbers and the frequency of calls Obama made , but that " nobody was monitoring voicemail or anything like that . "
CNN White House correspondent Ed Henry contributed to this report .
All About Barack Obama • Verizon Communications Inc .
Presenting A GALLERY OF 35 ANTI - U.S. CHINESE POLITICAL CARTOONS ( circa 1958 - 1960 )
Culled and restored from reviewing hundreds of Eastern newspaper pages and illustrations , this set of 35 images represents what we consider the best late 50s editorial cartoons ( Manhua ) from China and Indochina .
Set during a time of escalating western imperialism , these images react against U.S. military actions in Laos and Vietnam , and represent a unique moment of political commentary .
It seems to be a hidden history , too .
It 's with some pride that we indicate most of these comics have never before been re-published , and even fewer have ever been exhibited or documented for U.S. audiences .
Enjoy - Ethan
01 - 02 - 03 - 04 - 05 - 06 - 07 - 08 - 09 - 10 - 11 - 12 - 13 - 14 - 15 - 16 - 17 - 18 - 19 - 20 - 21 - 22 - 23 - 24 - 25 - 26 - 27 - 28 - 29 - 30 - 31 - 32 - 33 - 34 - 35
No .
1 - Watching and Waiting - Click the image below for the next image
Sept 7 '08 - As might be assumed by my captions , I do n't speak or read Chinese , and am just going by overt visual cues in the illustrations themselves .
Help offer a translation / context for this image with the comment box below .
# 01/35
note US badge on shoulder and C button on cap
A London policeman who attempted to blackmail sex offenders and drug dealers has been jailed for six years .
PC Amerdeep Singh Johal , 29 , was arrested by anti-corruption cops from Scotland Yard in July 2007 .
Johal was employed in checking names and address on the police database , called Crimint , on behalf of beat cops .
He abused the role to contact 11 convicted offenders and threaten to spill the beans on their crimes unless he was given " hush money " .
Johal requested between £ 29,000 and £ 31,000 for his silence , threatening to tell work colleagues or neighbours of convicted sex offenders about their crimes .
In one instance Johal demanded £ 89,000 as a " goodwill gesture " .
He also used Crimint to research drug dealers , including a member of a group rejoicing in the title The League of Four English Gentlemen .
The extortion racket unravelled after one of Johal 's victims reported him to the police .
Scotland Yard used an undercover officer to pose as a blackmail victim and offer to pay him £ 5,000 .
Johal , of Ilford , texted a friend called Chatham Charlie looking for tips in how to invest the money .
Johal 's lawyers argued that their client was himself a victim of two extortionists , acting for a kidnapper called Baljit Bhandal .
Police failed to unearth independent sightings of the pair or the Bentley they supposedly drove , nor any supporting evidence .
Nor , did Johal even tell his wife about the pressure he was supposedly under .
These arguments failed to convince the jury , who turned in a guilty verdict against Johal .
An Old Bailey clerk confirmed Johal had been sentenced to six years ' imprisonment for blackmail .
He was also ordered to pay £ 32,000 in compensation .
The case has raised wider concerns about the misuse of police databases , which the Metropolitan police is keen to downplay .
A Scotland Yard spokesman told the BBC : " There are strict guidelines in place regarding the use of intelligence databases and if anyone abuses it that is taken extremely seriously . " ®
WordPress › Error
Error establishing a database connection
This either means that the username and password information in your wp - config .
php file is incorrect or we can't contact the database server at db1235.perfora.net .
This could mean your host 's database server is down .
Are you sure you have the correct username and password ?
Are you sure that you have typed the correct hostname ?
Are you sure that the database server is running ?
If you 're unsure what these terms mean you should probably contact your host .
If you still need help you can always visit the WordPress Support Forums .
RACE IN DUNGEONS & DRAGONS
Chris Van Dyke © 2008
Presented at Nerd Nite , 11-15-08
Anyone who has played D&D has spent a lot of time talking about race – “ Racial Attributes , ” “ Racial Restrictions , ” “ Racial Bonuses . ”
Everyone knows that different races do n’t get along – thanks to Tolkien , Dwarves and Elves tend to distrust each other , and even non-gamers know that Orcs and Goblins are , by their very nature , evil creatures .
Race is one of the most important aspects of any fantasy role - playing game , and the belief that there are certain inherent genetic and social distinctions between different races is built into every level of most ( if not all ) Fantasy Role - Playing Games .
For those of you who have NOT played D&D – you have no right being at something called “ nerd nite . ”
But just a few quick concepts you need to be familiar with .
When I ’m talking about D&D tonight , I ’m talking about the old - fashioned pen-and - pencil RPG , the one that those guys in high - school who always seemed to be hanging out in the library liked to play with the weird dice .
The first step in any role - playing campaign is character creation , and involves making two vitally important choices : your character ’s profession , and your character ’s race .
The classic D&D player character ( or PC ) races are Humans , Elves , Half - Elves , Dwarves , Halflings , Gnomes , and at times , half - orcs ( do n’t even get me started on 4th editions Eladrin , Dragonborn , and Tieflings ) .
The races have changed over the year and various supplemental rules have provided a plethora of other races , but these are the core fantasy races .
During the course of the campaign , the PCs encounter many NPCs of other races as well , most ( if not all ) of which are evil – Orcs , Goblins , Kobolds , and other villainous monsters populate caves , castles , and the ubiquitous dungeon .
This brings us to the questions that inspired this talk .
What sort of assumptions about race are built into the rules of D&D ?
Is the way race is represented in D&D — either through descriptions of various ethnic groups or through the number and statistic based rules — racist ?
And does it matter ?
Many of my nerd friends have reacted defensively when I began discuss this project with them – “ Dude , it ’s just a game ! ”
Of course its “ just a game , ” but most of our forms of entertainment , while being “ harmless ” and “ just fun ” can say very important things about who we are and what values we espouse .
Human Races in D&D
To start , we need to differentiate between race as we commonly speak of it , meaning Caucasian , African American , Asian , Latino , etc. , and race in D&D , meaning elves , dwarves , humans , etc .
Both types of race , mundane and fantastic , are a factor – how ( if at all ) are non-white humans depicted in the game , and how does the depiction of non -human races encode assumptions about race in the real world ?
In D&D , humans are the normative race , and given the Anglo - centric depiction of human culture in the game , humans can be interpreted as representing “ white people . ”
They are “ normal , ” while all other races , whether good or evil , are to some extent “ exotic , ” and otherized .
First , lets just look at race as it relates to the real world .
How are different human ethnic groups – black , white , Asian , Latino – depicted in the world of D&D ?
In a word , they are n’t , and their presence is felt strongly through their near total exclusion .
This is n’t a great surprise , as the source material for high fantasy primarily stems from Anglo - Saxon and European folk - lore .
Additionally , the vast majority of players are white males .
I actually have no statistics to back this up , but anyone who wants to argue that point can after I ’m done .
In a game based around “ role playing , ” players are encouraged to take on the part of elves , dwarves , half - orcs , assassins , and warlocks , yet it is assumed that in all these roles they will still be white .
Not that this is ever stated , of course , but this assumption lies both in the lack of any mention of human ethnicity in the character creation process and the illustrations of player characters found in the core texts .
In the roughly 100 illustrations that depict adventurers in the 1st Edition Player Handbook and Dungeonmaster ’s Guide ( both published in 1978 ) , there are NO non-white adventurers .
In the over 100 illustrations of adventurer ’s in the 2nd Edition Player Handbook and Dungeon Master ’s Guide ( both published in 1989 ) , there are NO non-white adventurers .
Finally , after 25 years the 3rd edition , published in 2003 , makes some passing mention of race in the character creation process :
“ Most humans are the descendants of pioneers , conquerors , traders , travelers , refugees , and other people on the move .
As a result , human lands are a mix of people — physically , culturally , religiously , and politically .
Hardy or fine , light - skinned or dark , showy or austere , primitive or civilized , devout or impious , humans run the gamut . . .
[ They have a variety of hair types ] from black to blond ( curly , kinky , or straight ) , and facial hair ( for men ) from sparse to thick ” ( p. 12 )
There you have it – “ dark ” and “ kinky ” are they only two adjectives in the first 25 years of D&D core texts that acknowledge that PCs might be something other than fair - skinned Anglo - Saxons .
Yet the illustrations still show an almost purely white world .
In 80 illustrations spread over the two core books of 3rd ed. , there is one black woman and no black men .
Coming across this picture after flipping through 982 pages of rules , I was n’t sure whether the correct reaction was to be glad that the editors of the 3rd edition were broadening the concept of who a PC might be , or wonder why the first trace of race was a scantily clad , busty black female warrior .
Most recently , the 4th edition was published this last summer .
While I only have the Player ’s Handbook , of the 45 PC illustrations in the volume , there is one non-white character , this time a black man .
In 4 editions , published over 30 years with 325 illustrations and 1,691 pages , I found exactly 1 non -white male and 1 none - white female .
Note that this includes humans , elves , half - elves , dwarves , Halflings , gnomes , and other core non -human races – all white .
So while the rules may allow for gamers to create PCs of any race , it is clearly assumed , given the pictures that accompany the rules , that 99.4 % will be white .
Not only are humans the normative race , but white humans are the norm .
These examples do not include supplemental rule - books , adventure books , and campaign source material , but The Players Handbook and The Dungeon Master ’s Guide are , together , the Bible of D&D , and the inclusion of any other ethnicities in supplemental texts merely reinforce their peripheral nature – the exceptions that proves the rule book .
For example , in 1985 TSR published the campaign setting , Oriental Adventures .
Let ’s even put aside the loaded term “ Oriental . ”
While this book , for the first time , explicitly contained non-white ethnicities as player races , as Steve Sumner put it in his online essay “ Is Faerun Ready for Its First Half - Orc President ? ” Oriental Adventures shows us that “ Asians are ( as everyone knows ) basically just small , magical white people , which really means they are just like elves . ” 1992 saw the publication of the Al - Qadim : Arabian Adventures .
And really the less said about that the better .
So humans are white , elves are white , dwarves are white , halfings are white , and gnomes are white .
There are two non -white PC races , half - orcs and Drow , but both are “ tainted , ” with half - orcs being uncivilized brutes and Drow being evil ( more on them later ) .
Basically , all the pure good guys are white , and all the bad - guys – the orcs , goblins , kobolds , bugbears , trolls , hobgoblins , and beholders – are of course , not - white .
I do not want to spend too much time beating a dead war - horse , but your average D&D game consists of a group of white players acting out how their white characters encounter and destroy orcs and goblins , who are , as a race evil , uncivilized , and dark - skinned .
To quote Steve Sumner ’s essay again , “ Unless played very carefully , Dungeons & Dragons could easily become a proxy race war , with your group filling the shoes of the noble white power crusaders seeking to extinguish any orc war bands or goblin villages they happened across . ”
I would argue with / Sumner ’s use of the phrase “ could become , ” and say that unless played very carefully , D&D usually becomes a proxy race war .
Any adventurer knows that if you see an orc , you kill it .
You do n’t talk to it , you do n’t ask what it ’s doing there – you kill it , since it ’s life is worth less than the treasure it carries and the experience points you ’ll get from the kill .
If filmed , your average D&D campaign would look something like Birth of a Nation set in Greyhawk .
PART II – Non-human Races in D&D
As we have seen , humans in D&D are almost exclusively white .
From the pictures that accompany the rules to the socio- historical setting of pseudo - medieval Europe , humans are not so much “ humans ” as “ white Europeans ” by default .
“ Human ” is therefore interchangeable with “ white , ” signifying the self – all the fantasy races , therefore , signify “ the other ” or “ not - white . ”
How do the differences between human and non -human / self and other play out in the game , even when the races we examine are good ?
All PCs may be “ white , ” but the choice of race is still present in a fantastical sense :
“ For purposes of the game the racial stocks are limited to the following : dwarven , elven , gnome , half - elven , halfling , half - orc , and human .
Each racial stock has advantages and disadvantages , although in general human is superior to the others for reasons you will discover as you read on . ” ( p.12 )
Humans are “ superior , ” but one might want to play a different race since they are exotic – the “ other ” has always been a source of fascination .
If one is still doubtful about the thesis that humans are set forward as “ the self , ” the player handbook continues :
“ Human characters are neither given penalties nor bonuses , as they are established as the norm upon which these subtractions or additions for racial stock are based .
Human characters are not limited as to what class of character they can become , nor do they have any maximum limit . ” ( p. 16 )
Humans are the norm , and all other races are judged and evaluated in how more than or less than human they are – the closer to a white European ideal , the more human the fantasy race is .
While this is not evaluated as “ good ” or “ bad , ” the other is NOT normative .
The non -white is alien , strange , and removed from the self .
Although AD&D allowed one to choose both race and class , there were certain restrictions .
While these were part of the 1st edition , they were clearly explained in the second .
“ The human race has one special ability in the AD&D game : Humans can choose to be of any class – warrior , wizard , priest , or rogue – and can rise to great level in any class .
The other races have fewer choices of character classes and usually are limited in the level they can attain .
These restrictions reflect the natural tendencies of the race ( dwarves like war and fighting and dislike magic , etc. ) . . .
A Halfling for example can become the best thief in the land , but he cannot become a great fighter . ” ( p. 28 )
In D&D , the possible professions and jobs available are limited by race – humans , the normative white race , can be whatever they like .
The other races , the non -human / white races , are restricted , thought the game politely describes these restrictions as based on “ natural tendencies of race . ”
And it goes beyond the simple stereotype as “ Dwarves like war and fighting . ”
Take , for example , the class of Paladin .
The true nerds out there read my bio and thought “ Wait – half - elves ca n’t be paladins . ”
Well , Mr. I ’ve Got a Magic Ring that Grants +2
Intelligence but - 2 Charisma , that may have been true in 1st and 2nd edition , but 3rd edition does allow for half - elf Paladins .
So there .
But the point is valid and important – in the first 2 editions of D&D , humans and ONLY humans could be paladins .
But wait – the non-nerds who were dragged here by their friends and presenting significant other ’s want to know : “ what ’s a paladin ? ” I ’m glad you asked .
A Paladin is described as “ a noble and heroic warrior , the symbol of all that is right and true in the world .
As such , he has high ideals that he must maintain at all times . ”
All well and good – the holy warrior is a common archetype in the romance tradition , especially within the Arthurian tales of France and England .
In D&D , however , the ONLY race that can take the class of Paladin is human .
A rhetorical question in the Dungeon Master ’s Guide explains the thinking behind this race based class restriction : “ Paladinhood , for example , could be a uniquely human perspective .
Would elves and dwarves hold the same values of law , order , god , and community to which a paladin aspire ? ”
Only humans can be Paladins , because it is assumed only humans have the temperament and cultural background to understand the most important of “ western European ” values – law , order , god , and community .
Implying that non -human races cannot embody these values bears a striking resemblance to similar ideas espoused during the Enlightenment about “ noble savages . ”
Sure , Native Indian and African tribes might have had many admirable qualities about them – strength , a strong sense of pride , even some degree of intelligence – but it was always assumed that they lacked the qualities that made white Europeans truly “ civilized . ”
An ethnographer might be interested in an exotic religion or honor - code , but it was always alien .
D&D carries these assumptions into non human races – Dwarves make good fighters , Elves might be good rangers , and both might have their own religions , but they hardly have an elevated , cultural devotion to core human ( a.k.a. white ) values .
In addition to class restrictions , there are also “ Racial Level Restrictions . ”
Again , looking at 2nd edition :
“ In addition to unlimited class choice , humans can attain any level in any class .
Once again , this is a human special ability , something no other race has .
In the AD&D game , humans are more motivated by ambition and the desire for power than the demihuman races are .
Thus , humans advance further and more quickly .
Demihumans can attain significant levels in certain classes , but they do not have the same unlimited access . ” ( p. 22 )
Not only are non-human characters limited to the jobs they can get , but they are limited to how high they can rise within those professions .
The blame for this fantasy glass - ceiling , however , is set squarely on the non-human races themselves : they lack ambition .
This lack of ambition is engrained by race – all elves lack the ambition to advance any further than the 12th level as a fighter .
Never mind what character you want to make , what the individual you wish to play might desire – as an elf , he is inherently , due to race , inferior to a human warrior in terms of level advancement .
When we make the obvious parallel to race in the real world , this is even more troubling than class restrictions .
White Europeans have unlimited potential , while non-whites are severely limited in how high they can climb in the social order – not due to ingrained , systemic racism , mind you , but because they lack the ambition to rise any higher .
What is the point of limiting the class choices and level attainment of non-human races ?
In part , it is to keep the game itself balanced – if one wants the various races to be roughly equivalent , any bonus above the human base - line must come with some negative to balance it out .
However , even as the Dungeon Master ’s explains this , the language it uses sounds more like racial protectionism :
“ The DM can , if he chooses , make any class available to any race .
This will certainly make your players happy .
But before throwing the doors open , consider the consequences .
If the only special advantage humans have is given to all the races , who will want to play a human ?
Humans would be the weakest race in your world ?
Why play a 20th level human paladin when you could play a 20th level elf paladin and have all the abilities of paladins and elves ?
“ If none of the player characters are human , it is probably safe to assume that no non-player characters of any importance are human either .
Your world would have no human kingdoms , or human kings , emperors , or powerful wizards .
If would be run by dwarves , elves , and gnomes . . .
Also , if humans are weak , will the other races treat them with contempt ?
With pity ?
Will humans be enslaved ?
All things considered , humans could have a very bad time of it . ”
In the world of D&D , non-humans are restricted in order to ensure a continuing human supremacy .
The arguments against lifting the racial class restrictions sounds nothing so much arguments against ending segregation or giving African American ’s the vote .
If what the rules say about “ good ” non-humans reinforces an Anglo - centric world view , what they say about the “ evil ” races of monsters does so with even less ambiguity .
The first edition description of an orc is as follows :
“ An orc is an ugly human - like creature , and looks like a combination of animal and man .
Orcs are nocturnal omnivores , and prefer to live underground .
When fighting in daylight , they have a penalty of – 1 on their Hit Rolls .
Orcs have bad tempers and do not like other living things . ”
While is merely a rehashing of Tolkien , what we are presented with is an intelligent , humanoid race that somehow is universally loathsome , violent , and antisocial .
In various adventures and campaigns we are expected to believe that orcs build castles , manage nations , and are capable of organizing massive military campaigns , and yet are stupid , incapable of coordinated efforts , and inferior to humans in every way that matters when it comes to “ humanity . ”
They are allowed just enough humanity to make them an interesting , exotic threat , but kept generic and inhuman enough to keep the conscious untroubled when it becomes necessary to kill them by the dozen .
That these orcs are dark - skinned and tend to live in southern and eastern regions may be written off by some as mere coincidence , but nearly everything about orc culture fits with a reading that matches them to black or indigenous natives .
Take for example , orcish magic users .
While all the “ white ” races have magicians , sorcerers and the like , orcish magic users are referred to as “ shamans or witch doctors , ” terms which associate with native American and African tribesman .
Just as only humans can be paladins , only good , white races are capable of the complex , “ civilized ” magic that makes up sorcery , while the uncivilized “ monsters ” have to make do with a sort of magic western civilizations treat with condensation and paternalistic superiority .
Time and time again orcs — the inhuman , devalued other in D&D – have characteristics that match non-white , non-European cultures .
The rules do allow for the possibility of player characters interacting with monster races , but almost only in a master / slave dialectic :
“ Non -human troops , bugbears and humanoids , will be very difficult to handle .
They will tend to fight amongst each other , fight with humans nearby – whether friendly or not , run from bottle if they see troops on their own side retiring or retreating , and fall to looting at the first opportunity .
Communications are also a great problem .
If the master is strong and powerful and gives them cause to fear disobedience , it will be of some help in disciplining such troops .
Likewise , if there are strong leaders within each body of such troops , threatening and driving them on , they will be more likely to obey .
Weakness in leadership , or lack of officering , will certainly cause these troops to become unruly and impossible to control ” 1st ed ( p.104 )
Non-human troops are not just uncivilized and uncouth , but need a master to control them .
The description of weak , cowardly , unorganized troops of orcs bears a striking resemblance to the arguments put forth by southern generals justifying their refusal to offer slaves freedom in exchange for fighting for the confederacy even as they were loosing the war .
We could continue to look at orcs , then move onto hobgoblins , kobolds , and bugbears , but they are basically all treated the same and we would just see a similar pattern repeat itself over and over .
Half - Orcs
Where things get more interesting is when monsters and humans begin to overlap .
1st Edition introduced the half - orc , the product of an orc and a human .
The race has an interesting history : while half - orcs were included in first edition , they were removed in the 2nd , reintroduced in the 3rd edition , and removed once again in the recent 4th edition .
While I have been unable to find an official explanation from either TSR or Wizards of the Coast , most of the internet chatter suggests it is because in a world where orcs are assumed to be inherently evil , half - orcs are implicitly the offspring of rape .
As the 2nd edition pointedly removed or sanitized many other controversial elements ( demons and devils were renamed tanar ’ri and baatezu , a move that still leaves gamers confused ) , the fact that half - orcs were removed concurrent with this sanitizing effort does imply that they were felt to be unsavory .
Whether or not half - orcs are the result of consensual sex or rape , they are a perfect example of how AD&D presents an essentialist view of race .
According to the first edition players handbook , “ Orcs are fecund and create many cross - breeds , most of the offspring of such being typically orcish .
However , some one - tenth of orc - human mongrels ore sufficiently non-orcish to pass for human ” ( p.16 ) The amount of racially loaded terms in that description are staggering .
Cross - breeds ?
Mongrels ?
Passing as human ?
We also seem to have the fantasy equivalent of the “ one - drop ” rule , with the monstrous , orcish nature nearly always overwhelming the “ civilized ” human nature .
So what is the half - orc like ?
Again quoting first - edition :
“ Half - Orcs are boors .
They are rude , crude , crass , and generally obnoxious .
Because most are cowardly they tend to be bullies and cruel to the weak , but they will quickly knuckle under to the stronger .
This does not mean that all half - orcs are horrid , only most of them .
It neither means that they are necessarily stupid nor incapable .
They will always seek to gain the upper hand and dominate those around them so as to be able to exercise their natural tendencies ; half - orcs are greedy too .
They can , of course , favor their human parent more than their orcish one . ” ( p.15 )
Remember , the half - orc is half - human , and yet their description is a catalogue of every negative social characteristic imaginable .
There is a nod at the end to the idea that they can , in fact , “ favor their human parent , ” but the very tone and laundry list of negative characteristics implies that this is , at best , highly unlikely .
After being removed in the 2nd edition , the 3rd edition brought back the half - orc .
The twenty - five years between 1st and 3rd , however , did n’t make the half - orc any more sympathetic – in fact , the newer description has a few phrases that make it more troublesome :
“ The orc language has no alphabet and uses Dwarven script .
Orc writing is found most often in graffiti .
Half - orc characters receive a + 2 modifier to strength and - 2 modifiers to intelligence and charisma ability scores .
Half - orcs prefer simple pleasures : feasting , singing , wrestling and wild dancing .
They have no interest in refined pursuits such as high art and philosophy . ”
Let me remind you that every basic player race is white – humans , elves , half - elves , dwarves , and gnomes – except for half - orcs .
And how is the ONLY non -white race described ?
Strong and stupid , with no real interest in art or philosophy .
Their “ simple pleasures ” in fact , sound a lot like a 19th century anthropologist describing an African tribe : feasting , singing , wild dancing ?
There is a more modern allusion as well – orcs do not use a normal alphabet , so their writing expresses itself as graffiti , a style of art most commonly associated with urban youth who are , yes , black .
Orcs like saggy jeans , bass - heave R&B and hip - hop , spinning - rims , and are evil .
Elves prefer Jens Leikman , The Mountain Goats , and attending art openings in SOHO .
Drow
Although they deserve much more discussion , due to time I have to quickly touch briefly on Drow – The Dark Elves .
See , there IS a race of elves who actually have black skin .
This might at first seem like the much needed diversity the game lacks , but there ’s a problem .
They ’re evil .
Drow , as a race , are cruel and so psychotically anti-social that the only reason they do n’t destroy themselves is that their evil spider goddess Lolth forces them to continue existing together .
While they were , at first , merely another race of dark - skinned monster for players to kill , Drow proved so popular that they were optioned as a player - race .
They became favorites of angsty , goth D&D gamers , as they struggled against their inherently evil nature .
One of the most successful lines of the Forgotten Realms series of novels follows Dirzzt Do’Udon , the anti-hero Drow .
Poor Dirzzt – he is rejected by all : to good to be accepted by the Drow , yet universally distrusted due to his race , he is once again an exception that proves the rule .
He is not so much proof that Drow can be good , as a complicated man that no one understands except Lolth .
Drowsploitation , if you will .
PART V – Race by the Numbers
The one thing I have not really touched upon is perhaps the most central to D& D– the numerical and statistical nature of the game itself .
The act of simulating a fantasy world , with the threats and risks of challenge and change , D&D involves a lot of numbers .
The random nature of events is invoked by the use of polyhedron dice – in 3rd and 4th edition , that means the 20 sided dice , but in the first and second this involved all the multi-sided die that nerds hold near and dear to their heart – the D12 , D10 , D8 , D6 , and D4 .
Varying levels of skill – from how well one swings a battle - axe to the skill with which one picks a lock – are indicated by numerical bonuses that are added to the random numbers generated by the dice : + 2 lock - picking , +1 save verses poison , - 1 charisma .
It is these numbers that lend themselves to reinforcing the pure essentialism of race , as one ’s race is boiled down to a series of charts , requirements , adjustments , and statistical bonuses – a lot of charts .
Every elf is given a + 2 bonus on dexterity , every gnome has + 2 constitution , every half - orc has a - 2 to intelligence .
While individual orcs and elves will of course , vary in their attributes ( which are generated through the random roll of dice ) there is always the inherent quality of race augmenting that random , individual nature – statistically , as a race , elves are more agile than humans while half - orcs are dumber .
Is this due to Gary Gygax ’s view of race or simply due to the act of attempting to turn Tolkien ’s setting into a dice based game ?
Either way , it boils racial natures down to a numerical science akin to phrenology or eugenics .
Unfortunately , I ’m not the only person who has seen these underlying aspects of D&D , and even more unfortunately , not everyone finds them troubling .
While doing research for this talk , I cam across the Stormfront web - site .
For those of you who are unfamiliar with this vile - corner of the internet , it is the world ’s largest discussion forum for white - supremacists .
One of the most popular topics is “ Culture and Customs , ” with one of the most active forums being “ High Fantasy and Lord of the Rings . ”
Most of the topics reinforce my optimistic belief that none of these sad individuals will find any one to ever reproduce with – the combination of racist ideology and Morris dancing is a powerful turnoff .
Others yield such laughably offensive as the thread : “ Drizzt Do’Urden fans , do you find the books blatantly pro-Negro ? ”
Some of them are more troubling , however , with many pointing out exactly what I ’m saying , except of course they are celebrating rather than critiquing : “ Ever notice how most if not all the good characters in fantasy novels are WHITE looking characters ? ”
“ Is n’t it clear who the orcs represent ? ”
Then I came across “ Learn All You Need to Know About Race from Dungeons & Dragons , ” posted by Holy Roman Empire .
I quote here liberally , as Mr. Roman Empire basically summarizes all my misgivings about D&D :
“ From reading and posting on the Opposing Views section of the forum , I read a lot of foolish comments from the anti’s .
Statements like “ I know a black person who is really smart , therefore everything you say about racial intelligence differences is wrong . ”
Well , of course , the lack of understanding of statistics this statement shows is staggering .
I try to recall when in my life when I could have fallen for such a foolish statement and I can’t think of when I would have .
“ I completely understood how there could be smart blacks and yet blacks be less intelligent than whites as a whole when I was a child .
When was the first time I thought about an idea like that ?
When I got into Dungeons and Dragons at the age of nine or ten .
I knew that elves were more agile than humans .
I knew that because they had a +1 bonus ( back when I started playing , now its + 2 ) to Dexterity , I knew they were more dexterous even though the average elf had a Dexterity of 11.5 and humans could have a Dexterity of 18 .
“ And this point may seem a bit silly , but it introduces an important idea that most white people are conditioned not to believe in – racial essentialism .
The idea that race determines certain characteristics or tendencies .
We knew that elves we dexterous , that dwarves were tough , that orcs were mean and nasty .
We also knew that there were exceptions and that exceptions did n’t mean that general trends did n’t still apply .
“ D&D also has a lot about racial loyalty .
Elves band together in protection of their forests .
Orcs raid human villages and have to be stopped by the hero .
In D&D , you have loyalty to your people and you know that sometimes a race in general can be a threat to your’s .
“ As I ’ve grown older over the years I ’ve continued to enjoy role playing games and my though the games I ’ve played have advanced beyond just fighting orcs and finding magic items – but I think that some of those ideas I was exposed to as a child were good lessons that maybe helped me come to terms with ideas that are part of beings a White Nationalist . ”
CONCLUSION
So where does that leave us , in the end ?
It is true that D&D is just a game , and I ca n’t imagine that Gygax or the other creators over the years have had any implicit , racist message they wished to get across – I ’m not suggesting there is any conscious attempt to turn our youth into white - supremacists .
However , D&D is guilty , as is much of our entertainment media , of reinforcing an Anglo - centric view of the world ; a sense of western - superiority at the cost of fearing , distrusting , and looking down upon non-white and developing nations ; and reinforcing stereotypes that go along with an essentialist understanding of race , culture , and ethnicity .
That this is also true of video - games , comic - books and movies makes it no less true of Role - Playing games .
( Video - games , comic - books , movies , role - playing games . . . I believe I ’ve just indict 98 % of my leisure time ) .
Give me Malcolm Reynolds over any other bucket - o- bolts captain ever .
Joss Whedon is a national treasure and Nathan Fillion is his greatest muse .
Yes , I 'm such a fanboy I totally wo n't mind buying Serenity for the third time , finally on Blu-ray , since it comes packed with a Firefly class ship 's worth of new features ( like a bonus four hours of Whedon weeping on camera , says Mark ) , BD - Live content , and a bump to lossless 5.1 DTS - HD Master Audio .
Perhaps the best feature though , is that the cover finally does n't suck .
Worth the $ 30 MSRP , though I 'm sad it wo n't arrive until Dec. 30 , weeks after the Firefly boxset .
Here 's the whole feature list :
* Alliance Database * U Control : Mr. Universe Compendium * U Control : Digital Tour of Serenity * U Control : Picture in Picture * U Control : Visual Commentary with Writer / Director Joss Whedon & Cast * BD Live : My Scenes Sharing * Feature Commentery with Writer / Director Joss Whedon * Feature Commentary with Writer / Director Joss Whedon & Cast Members Nathan Fillion , Adam Baldwin , Summer Glau and Ron Glass * Deleted Scenes with Optional Commentary by Director Joss Whedon * Future History - The Story of Earth That Was * What 's In A Firefly * Re-Lighting The Firefly * A Filmmaker 's Journey * We 'll Have A Fruity Oaty Good Time !
* Extended Scenes * Take A Walk On Serenity * The Green Clan * Session 416
Advertisement
Now if Universal will just bless with The Big Lebowski on Blu-ray , I can die happy .
[ The HD Room - Thanks Chris ! ]
Slide 1 of 7 ,
The manga series " The Drops of the Gods " follows Shizuku Kanzaki as he learns about wine , allowing the reader to do the same .
At the start of the series , Shizuku has rebelled against his father , a famous wine critic , by refusing to drink wine and working instead for a brewery .
Suddenly , though , his father dies and leaves in his will a description of 12 wines he considers the world 's best , comparing them to the disciples of Jesus .
Tadashi Agi / Shu Okimoto / Kodansha Ltd .
Amnesty International , in a just - released proposal , wants to go further than just closing the facility .
By Spencer Ackerman
The international human - rights organization put out a four - stage plan for closing the door on the Era of Guantanamo for good .
It ’s more about investigating prior abuses than shutting Guantanamo down .
Bizarrely , Amnesty does n’t actually deal with any of the actual suggestions for how to close the facility – move the detainees to Ft. Leavenworth ?
A different federal prison ?
The group does n’t say .
What its proposal , emailed to reporters a couple minutes ago , actually concerns is empaneling an investigation into :
… abuses which may have been committed by U.S. officials or agents in connection with the U.S. response to the events of September 11 , 2001 , or in relation to alleged acts or threats against national security , and which at a minimum will investigate detentions , renditions and the alleged use of torture and other mistreatment of detainees .
The proposal is really a timeline for investigating abuse .
Amnesty wants an inquiry wrapped up by July 2010 , with an update provided to the public in the January 2010 State of the Union address .
Says Amnesty U.S.A. executive director Larry Cox , “ Closing Guantanamo , as President - elect Obama has pledged , is just the first step .
For real change , the incoming administration and Congress must work together to fully expose the Bush administration policies as a step toward ensuring that the same abuses committed in the name of national security are not repeated . ”
There is , of course , the difficult question of prosecutions .
Amnesty says the transition team should consider a task force in the Attorney General ’s office or a special prosecutor .
If not , the investigating commission could give recommendations on how to proceed following its report .
Still , I ’d sort of like to know when and how one of the most important human - rights groups on the planet thinks the actual facility ought to be closed , and the absence of that guidance is kind of conspicuous .
Times are tough in the Motor City these days , but Michigan got some good news this week with the announcement that Fisker Automotive will put as many as 200 engineers and designers to work on the ultra- luxury Karma plug - in hybrid at a new R&D center in Pontiac – just as arch-rival Tesla Motors is moving out of Detroit .
The company says it will open a 34,000 - square - foot engineering and development center to push the $ 80,000 Karma into production by the end of next year .
The upstart firm , led by car designer extraordinaire Henrik Fisker , had long been interested in setting up shop in the Detroit area , and with the Big Three laying off workers , it should have no trouble finding a building to occupy and a staff to fill it .
" The available talent , supplier base and infrastructure in Michigan will help us reach our production goal , " company COO Bernhard Koehler said in a statement .
" While Fisker Automotive will continue to be headquartered in Irvine , California , the new facility will allow us the opportunity to collaborate with our Michigan supplier base and have everyone under one roof . "
That 's all well and good , and the announcement suggests things are moving right along at a company that 's had a run of good news lately .
But you 've gotta wonder if it is n't also an opportunity for Fisker to thumb his nose at his arch-rival Tesla Motors , which recently announced layoffs , is closing its Detroit design center and just lost its lawsuit against Fisker Automotive .
There 's no love lost between the two automakers , both of which have drop - dead gorgeous cars with stratospheric price tags .
While Fisker believes plug - in hybrids are the best alternative to petroleum , Tesla 's betting full - electric vehicles are the future .
Of the two , Tesla 's been way out in front , having actually put about 50 Roadsters in driveways after overcoming delays caused by transmission problems .
All we 've seen from Fisker is a sexy prototype , a few fake spy shots and a – video of the car tooling around a runway .
Fisker tells us he's on track to have " about 100 " Karmas in driveways by the end of 2009 .
Most experts we 've talked to say that 's an exceedingly optimistic timeline – and one that was laid out long before the auto industry imploded .
But Tesla stumbled along with the economy .
It is cutting about a quarter of its staff and delaying production of " Model S , " an electric sedan it hoped to roll out in 2010 .
The belt - tightening came after Tesla could n't close a $ 100 - million round of funding – although it has since lined up $ 40 million in convertible debt financing and is proceeding with plans for a factory in San Jose , California .
Fisker , on the other hand , is on a roll lately .
The company is backed by venture capital powerhouse Kleiner , Perkins Caufield & Byers and closed a $ 65 - million round of funding in September .
It has less overhead than Tesla because it has farmed out a lot of the engineering to Quantum Technologies while lining up the Finnish firm that assembles the Porsche Cayman and Boxster to build the Karma .
The company got another boost last week when an arbitrator essentially tossed out Tesla 's lawsuit accusing Henrik Fisker of stealing company secrets .
Tesla claimed Fisker signed a contract to design the Model S so he could crib from Tesla 's proprietary information while developing the Karma .
The arbitrator found " the evidence is overwhelming that Fisker did nothing wrong " and Tesla 's allegations were " baseless . "
Fisker was quick to issue a press release letting everyone know the case had gone his way .
Now he 's issued another to say he 's moving to Michigan – just as Tesla 's moving out .
Fisker has reason to crow , but until he 's actually started putting cars in driveways , it 's all just talk .
Post updated 10:40 p.m. PST .
Image by Fisker Automotive .
In order to bring awareness of our upcoming independent game , Overgrowth , we are giving away free copies of the game that started it all : Lugaru !
Lugaru is a cult classic , indie video game that was created by David Rosen when he was in high school .
It is available for Mac , Windows , and Linux .
Since its launch , it has been sold for $ 19.95 without exception -- until now !
This Christmas , we are giving it away for free !
All you have to do to have your free copy emailed to you on Christmas Eve is join this Facebook event and join the Overgrowth Facebook Page .
Do n't open it until Christmas Day !
Make sure you 're a fan of the Overgrowth Facebook Page , and be sure to invite your friends to this event !
I made a video to help explain , this is my first attempt -- I 'm not as good as David , sorry !
Phage Therapy Center provides an effective treatment solution for patients who have bacterial infections that do not respond to conventional antibiotic therapies .
There are a number of difficult infections that do not respond well to current , state - of - the - art therapies in the US and Western Europe .
Bacteriophage therapy ( also known as phage therapy ) , which has been used to treat bacterial infections in Eastern Europe over 80 years , is getting a renewed and increasing amount of attention as a promising answer to many of these infections .
Bacteriophage therapy is used broadly in certain parts of the former Soviet Union , particularly the Republic of Georgia , which has been the global center of phage expertise for over 80 years .
A large majority of established physicians in Georgia prefer phages over antibiotics as first - line therapy for a broad variety of infections .
While we do not anticipate that phages will replace antibiotics as the first - line , general antibacterial therapy in major Western countries ; we do , however , see a promising role for phages in situations where antibiotics alone are not sufficient .
An Effective Treatment for Many Difficult Bacterial Infections Phage Therapy Center specializes in three particular situations where bacteriophage therapy tends to be superior to standard and advanced treatments ( including antibiotics ) in the US and Western Europe : Acute and Chronic Infections Acne
Bladder Infections
Bronchiectasis
Bronchitis
Burns ( infected )
Colitis
Cystic Fibrosis
Dysbiosis / Pathogenic Intestinal Flora
Ear Infections ( Otitis Media )
Gingivitis
Intestinal Infections
Laryngitis
Lung Infections
Chronic Lyme Disease
Mastitis
ME /CFS ( Myalgic Encephalomyelitis / Chronic Fatigue Syndrome
Nose / Throat Infections
Prostatitis and Associated Sexual Problems
Infected Prosthesis
Chronic Sinusitis ( Rhinosinusitis )
Rosacea
Skin Boils / Abscess / Lesions
Tracheitis
Urinary Tract Infections ( UTI ) and Cystitis
Vaginitis Infections
Where Circulation is Poor Poor circulation makes it difficult to deliver the right concentration of antibiotics to the infected area .
Such conditions include , but are not limited to , the following : Bed Sores
Chronic / Non-healing / Infected Wounds
Diabetic Foot
Osteomyelitis
Tropic Ulcers Infections with Bacteria Resistant to Standard or Advanced Antibiotics
Some but not all of these infections involve situations with poor circulation ( such as those mentioned above ) , where insufficient antibiotic doses foster the growth of resistant bacteria .
There are other cases , however , where poor circulation is not an important factor .
Such cases can include : Burkholderia cepacia
Clostridium difficile ( C.diff )
E. coli
Enterococcus spp .
Klebsiella spp .
Morganella spp .
Proteus spp .
Pseudomonas aeruginosa
Salmonella spp .
Shigella spp .
Staphylococcus spp. ( more than one species ) including
Methicillin Resistant Staphylococcus aureus ( MRSA ) and Community Acquired Staphylococcus aureus ( CA - MRSA ) .
Streptococcus spp .
Several Other Bacterial Strains that are Emerging as Significant Challenges Even to the Most Advanced Antibiotics
Bacterial Infections Complicated with Candida and Other Yeast / Fungi Patients treated by our Georgian medical teams can receive care that is personalized in terms of the actual phages administered .
A number of patients treated at Phage Therapy Center have had infections for which new phages need to be developed .
While bacteria may develop resistance to phages , it is incomparably easier to develop new phages than new antibiotics .
In nature , as bacteria evolve resistance , relevant phages will evolve in concert .
While this adaptability is most often played out in nature , it may also be harnessed in the laboratory .
A few weeks are needed to obtain new phages for a newly - emerging strain of resistant bacteria .
This is in favorable , sharp contrast to the seven to twelve years required to discover and develop a new antibiotic and get it approved by the FDA in the US .
In other words , when a highly resistant bacteria subspecies ( known in the press as a " superbug ) appears , a " superphage " may be readily isolated and produced against it .
Phage Therapy Center™ is a wholly owned subsidiary of Phage International , Inc. -- a US Corporation .
An absorption image of the expanding Bose - Einstein condensate , demonstrating the diffraction pattern which constitutes the factoring signal .
Image credit : Mark Sadgrove , et al .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Theoretically , quantum computing has the potential to work more efficiently and accurately than classical computing for certain processes , such as factoring .
But quantum methods are experimentally challenging , since they often require tiny , fragile systems that are difficult to handle .
Recently , some approaches have suggested “ rediscovering ” old techniques such as analog computing , which usually lie outside the usual qubit architecture , in the hope of finding new pathways to experimentally realize quantum computation .
For instance , using analog techniques and the quantum properties of atomic clusters called Bose - Einstein condensates , a team of researchers from Japan has recently improved upon a classical factoring algorithm .
“ Any algorithm where the output is continuous rather than divided into bits ( as on a digital computer ) is analog , ” Mark Sadgrove of the Japan Science and Technology Agency ( JSTA ) told PhysOrg.com .
“ In our case , we measure quantities which are continuous in principle .
By this I mean that the energy or the probability to find an atom with a given momentum are continuous variables , in theory .
In practice , we use a finite number of atoms , so in some sense the final outputs are discrete , but theoretically the result of the computation is analog in nature . ”
Sadgrove and his colleagues Sanjay Kumar of the University of Electro Communications ( UEC ) in Chofushi , Chofugaoka , and Ken’ichi Nakagawa , who has affiliations with both JSTA and UEC , have demonstrated that , compared with the classical implementation , their method can distinguish more accurately between factors and non-factors of large numbers .
Specifically , their quantum system could increase the accuracy of a classical algorithm called the Gauss sum algorithm , a technique pioneered by Wolfgang Shleich of Ulm University in Germany .
Their quantum system consists of thousands of rubidium - 87 atoms that are cooled to near absolute zero to form a Bose - Einstein condensate ( BEC ) .
At such a low temperature , the atoms ’ wavelengths increase and overlap , so that the cluster becomes a single quantum state and obeys quantum laws , yet has a relatively large size .
The physicists zapped the BEC with a brief light pulse composed of two counter - propagating beams .
They programmed one beam to have phase jumps ( to displace the beam ’s wavelength ) , while the second beam had no phase jumps .
Programming the first beam served as the input method , representing an integer to be factored .
The dynamics of the atoms subject to the pulse could then be used to perform factoring calculations .
After applying the pulse , the researchers allowed the BEC to expand freely for 14 ms .
They then took an absorption image of the BEC , which showed that the pulse had separated the atoms in the BEC into different momentum orders .
The atoms formed a diffraction pattern , based on the relative number of atoms in each momentum order , which the physicists could interpret as the “ factoring signal . ”
Specifically , high - momentum atoms represented factors , and low - momentum atoms represented non-factors .
“ You can think of the laser beam as containing the software ( encoded by phase jumps ) and the atoms as providing the hardware ( their natural dynamics in response to the light field is what actually calculates the Gauss sum ) , ” Sadgrove explained .
In contrast to the usual Gauss sum , which is fundamentally limited in its accuracy , the quantum method significantly outperformed the classical method , in some cases doubling the atomic visibility and offering near - perfect factoring .
“ In our case , our current method is still slow – it does n't make factoring easy , ” Sadgrove said .
“ What we showed is that quantum mechanics offers an unexpected improvement to the Gauss sum method , overcoming a fundamental accuracy limit .
If the atoms behaved classically , there would be no enhancement . ”
The researchers noted that the higher accuracy comes at a cost of requiring more atoms , so the quantum method ’s efficiency is about the same as that of the classical method .
Nonetheless , as Sadgrove explained , the method offers a novel experiment in a field in which experiments are difficult to realize .
“ You might know that everyone doing research in quantum information is excited about [ Peter ]
Shor 's algorithm for quantum factoring , ” Sadgrove said .
“ Shor found a remarkable way to factor numbers using the quantum properties of interference and entanglement , which offers amazing savings in the time it takes for factoring a number .
But Shor 's algorithm is hard to implement .
It 's only been done successfully for up to the number 15 at the moment , and some people do n't even consider that to be a real test due to some details about the way the algorithm works .
So that 's the current state of play regarding quantum factoring . ”
He added that researchers continue to investigate Shor ’s algorithm because of its potential impact on security : “ In terms of applications , there 's just one , but it 's very important .
If you could do real quantum factoring , then the RSA encryption used to do secure transactions in public situations would be no good anymore .
That 's because it relies on the fact that factoring large numbers is a hard problem .
But quantum factoring makes it easy . ”
In the future , the physicists hope to use entangled systems as a factoring method , which they say the present scheme is ideally suited for .
They also plan to investigate the use of multiple , correlated atomic ensembles to perform factoring of different integers simultaneously .
“ We would also like to extend the method beyond factoring , ” Sadgrove said .
“ We can actually compute general ‘ exponential sums ’ with this method .
A Gauss sum is a simple example of an exponential sum , as is a Fourier transform , which can be used to extract information about a signal .
These so called ‘ exponential sums ’ are intricately tied to the most interesting parts of number theory , such as the distribution of prime numbers , which is still unknown .
We think there may be other powerful applications of exponential sums apart from factoring . ”
More information : Sadgrove , Mark ; Kumar , Sanjay ; and Nakagawa , Ken’ichi .
“ Enhanced Factoring with a Bose - Einstein Condensate . ” Physical Review Letters , 101 , 180502 ( 2008 ) .
Copyright 2008 PhysOrg.com .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed in whole or part without the express written permission of PhysOrg.com .
Explore further Metal wires of carbon complete toolbox for carbon - based computers
READER COMMENTS ON
" The Sacrament of Democracy "
( 12 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 11/18/2008 @ 8:05 am PT ...
Excellent comparision Shannyn .
I 'm just wondering , what you think about the dem 's argument they could n't push election integrity issues before this presidential election for fear of undermining people 's confidence in the election process and using that excuse to allow the dysfunction in our elections to get their guy in and keep the whole power structure still in place ?
Hell , the supreme court even sided with that flawed logic .
As a very wise man once replied when asked have we a republic or monarchy ? , " A republic if you can keep it . "
http://www.bartleby.com/73/1593.html
Without clean , unquestionable elections , it does n't seem to me we have kept it ... feel good victory or not !
Add to that , the most listened to media 's total blackout of the most troubling aspects of our election systems , and by george , one could easily reason the appearance of a Democracy would be enough to keep the monarchy in place .
It seems to me a historic opportunity exists for our president elect in restoring our Democracy with clean election law .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... TEDEGER said on 11/18/2008 @ 9:07 am PT ...
For eight years now , we 've had a monarchy Most of us did n't like it .
of course the American Tories wallowwed in the glory that was Bush , but Now that the idea has resurfaced , let us make certain that it never disappears again .
most of us would have preferred to be ruled by our Condtitution , instead of one man 's whim
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Jimmy Lewis said on 11/18/2008 @ 9:25 am PT ...
The technology exists , and has for quite some time , that would allow each and every state across teh fruited plain ( Hawaii and Alaska as well ) to completely stop all voter fraud .
There 's no time like the present to get the darn thing in place and implemented .
Jimmy Lewis
SCS , Michigan
Blog : http://rougerevival.blogspot.com/
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... the zapkitty said on 11/18/2008 @ 9:26 am PT ...
The latest round of kongresskrapper kabuki has finished .
This episode was entitled " FUCK YOU NETROOTS ! " and was presented by the Senate to everyone in the USA who voted for " change " .
At the end of the stylized performance the hero Lieberman was saved from answering for his neglect of his duties and enabling of Bush regime malfeasance and instead was rewarded with great wealth and power .
The hero who saved him , President - Elite Obama , stood modestly by .
Change who can believe in ?
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... the zapkitty said on 11/18/2008 @ 9:45 am PT ...
... Jimmy Lewis said ...
" The technology exists ... to stop all voter fraud " Since voter fraud , i.e. fraud by voters , is practically nonexistent that would n't be much .
If you meant electoral fraud , fraud at the electoral level , well most of that is currently caused or abetted by technology of one form or the other in the first place ... very poorly chosen technology .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 11/18/2008 @ 10:12 am PT ...
Jimmy Lewis -
What " voter fraud " and what " technology " are you talking about ?
Sounds like you do n't have a clue about either of them .
Feel free to prove me wrong .
Though I might suggest you go read the article again first ... then another hundred or more other articles here before you bother to step in it again .
The voters are doing fine .
Please leave them alone .
But the administration of your elections --- by private companies , and insidious officials trying to keep legal voters from casting their legal vote --- are a disaster .
And that , my friend , is ELECTION fraud .
Hope you take the time to learn what you 're writing about , and about the most precious right and important value on which your country stands .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Jimmy Lewis said on 11/18/2008 @ 11:17 am PT ...
Brad , I did read your article ... and I thought it was very well written .
I was not attacking voters , per se .
Private companies and insidious officials are all a great part ot it , however , you called me out and asked what vote fraud .
So Brad , here it is , the many types of fraud that exist today ... including : Voter registration , voter suppression , voter caging and purging , voting multiple times , felon voting , absentee ballots , voter impersonation , illegal aliens , homeless people and vote brokers who bus people from place to polling place all figure into elections .
Then there ’s the physical tampering aspect .
Ballot stuffing , theft or destruction of ballot boxes , destroying election material , registering false voters including the dead ( this type of fraud can occur in voter registration drives , especially those conducted in third - party voter registration efforts like those involving ACORN .
There have been reports of changing the software of a voting machine to shift votes between candidates .
Altering or replacing the hardware of the voting machine , such as inserting a circuit board using a ‘ Man in the Middle ’ attack technique to manipulate recorded votes .
And how about voter intimidation and coercion , bribery , corruption or threatening of election officials that has existed for far too long ?
Counting electronic ballots of voting machines , usually memory cards , more than once if they contain votes as wanted by the fraudster .
The opposite is to let them disappear in case of unwanted votes , this is equivalent to stealing an entire ballot box .
The technology I spoke of would combine the following : A uniformed ( nationwide ) bar code on all drivers licenses and state issued I.D. cards ( which would indicate whether or not the voter is legally registered ) , along with biometrics ( i.e. a thumb print ) .
The individual “ registered ” voter would be the only human to handle his or her own vote .
If the bar code and biometrics match , the vote would then be sent , electronically and instantaneously , to each individual city and state offices where the integrity of the data is secure and final ( all without any additional human intervention or interpretation .
Since this system would allow for any legally qualified individual to vote ( once ) , at any officially authorized location around the globe , the need for absentee balloting becomes moot .
I ’m sorry that you felt the need to read between the lines and attack me … when in essence I was agreeing with you .
Jimmy Lewis
SCS , Michigan
Blog : http://rougerevival.blogspot.com/
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 11/18/2008 @ 4:08 pm PT ...
Jimmy Lewis , 1 . I am a registered voter , and because of financial problems , I do n't have an ID card .
Now what ?
2 . DMV Tries to Stem the Tide of Fake Licenses Voting ID is a Real BAD idea .
( only took me 0.29 seconds to find this http://www.google.com/se...alifornia+DMV+corruption )
3 . Humans can not see electronic signals , such a system as you suggested above ( electronically and instantaneously ) , would not allow for citizen oversight , and would in fact open up exploit possibilities to officials and programmers .
Also electronic parts fail without warning .
4 . voter fraud and election fraud are not the same .
These words have different meanings which represent different actions .
5 . Nobody is attacking you .
6 . Not sure how to break this down so you understand .
" Voter registration , voter suppression , voter caging and purging , voting multiple times , felon voting , absentee ballots , voter impersonation , illegal aliens , homeless people and vote brokers who bus people from place to polling place all figure into elections . "
We shall try ..
Voter registration - election fraud
voter suppression - election fraud
voter caging and purging - election fraud
voting multiple times - voter fraud , fascist media story fraud
felon voting - voter fraud
absentee ballots - election fraud
voter impersonation - voter fraud , fascist media hype fraud
illegal aliens - voter fraud , fascist media story hype fraud
homeless people and vote brokers who bus people from place to polling place all figure into elections .
- voter fraud , fascist media story hype fraud Continuing on ... physical tampering aspect - Election Fraud
Ballot stuffing - Election Fraud , Broken Chain of Custody
theft or destruction of ballot boxes - Election Fraud , Broken Chain of Custody
destroying election material - Election Fraud , Broken Chain of Custody
registering false voters including the dead - Election Fraud ( this type of fraud can occur in voter registration drives , especially those conducted in third - party voter registration efforts like those involving ACORN .
- Media Hype Fraud
There have been reports of changing the software of a voting machine to shift votes between candidates .
- Election Fraud Altering or replacing the hardware of the voting machine , such as inserting a circuit board using a ‘ Man in the Middle ’ attack technique to manipulate recorded votes .
- Election Fraud
And how about voter intimidation - Election Fraud
and coercion - Election Fraud
bribery - Voter Fraud , Transparency Breech corruption or threatening of election officials that has existed for far too long ?
( Two Sub Categories lumped into one . )
Corrupt Officials - Election Fraud
Threatening Election Officials - Media Hype ,
The opposite has been true where Officials threaten and arrest voters and poll watchers .
Counting electronic ballots of voting machines - Election Fruad usually memory cards usually , more than once if they contain votes as wanted by the fraudster .
- Election Fraud
The opposite is to let them disappear in case of unwanted votes , this is equivalent to stealing an entire ballot box .
- Election Fraud 7 . Paper Ballots , Hand Counted , with public oversight and an Unbroken Chain of Custody , and Non Electronic Voter Registration Registry List .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Lora said on 11/18/2008 @ 4:21 pm PT ...
What a great post .
Shannyn puts the " gritty " in election integrity .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... the zapkitty said on 11/18/2008 @ 7:19 pm PT ...
... Phil said in comment # 8 ...
Rock on , Phil !
Your answers , and Brads , were much more coherent than my sleep - deprived one .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 11/19/2008 @ 12:11 pm PT ...
Jimmy Lewis -
I will take it on faith , for the moment , that you are sincere in your concerns and so will presume that you had previously been confused by so much of the propaganda out there .
My time is short today , and so I 'll refer you to Phil 's response above , in hopes that it begins to help you untangle the conflation you 've made between real concerns of election fraud , and the phony ( GOP - promoted ) concerns about voter fraud .
Yes , the idea of hundreds of thousands and / or millions of voters being illegally purged from the roles is a very serious concern .
As is the idea that a single person with inappropriate access to a voting machine can flip an entire election without detection .
The largely fantasized notion of " illegals " and dead people and fraudulently registered ACORN voters voting and double - voting , etc. is a scam .
While there are a handful ( literally , can be counted on one hand ) of such things happening over the past 10 years , they hardly compare to the very real concerns mentioned in the graf above .
You 'll note that your proposed " solutions " do nothing to combat the real concerns mentioned , only the phony ones .
In fact , they make some of the real concerns even worse ( since there are far more access points for bad guys to invisibly disrupt / confound / flip the entire process ) .
As mentioned , I do n't have much time today , so I 'll have to leave it at that for now , and hope that you will get to work --- there is plenty to read here over the years --- to untangle what has been tangled for you , so we can work together towards real solutions ( hint : none of them require technology ) .
And , for the record , I did not write the piece above .
It was written by Shannyn Moore from Alaska , a journalist who has recently learned hard , concentrated lessons in the need for transparency in elections due to the recent fiascos in her state .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 11/21/2008 @ 10:00 am PT ...
Yep , Valve ’s unfortgettable opening salvo officially gets a decade under its belt on this very day .
This terrifies me in ways I ca n’t quite vocalise .
Said terror is not simply because it makes me feel so very aged , but also because it ’s been so long and yet still most FPSes seem entirely ignorant of what HL did with setpieces , incidental detail , gaming - specific narrative style , pacing and world - building .
The straight line to most of today ’s shooters that started with Doom seems to almost bypass Half - Life .
Fortunately , there is one huge , positive side - effect which does ensure HL ’s legacy is unassailable : modding .
Names like Counter - Strike , Day of Defeat , Team Fortress Classic , Natural Selection , The Ship and Sven Co- Op trip off the tongue almost as quickly as Half - Life itself .
The GldSrc engine might look ten years old by now , but it ’s still one the driving forces of community and customisability that defines modern PC gaming and the freedom thereof .
In honour of the occasion , Moddb ’s mustered a round up of Half - Life ’s notable mods , both commerical ( the list ) and non-commercial ( the video ) .
It ’s all too easy to fall into thinking HL modding ’s just about Counter - Strike clones and grey weapon renders , but even this collection of the more obvious names makes it clear quite how landmark a modding platform this game was and is .
Happy birthday Half - Life , you wonderful old man , you .
Brad Friedman Byon
11/17/2008 , 12:26 pm PT
After Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen ( R - FL ) discusses the bailout as if it 's something " they " are doing ( as opposed to her , a member of the U.S. Congress ) Ashton Kutcher called her on it on Friday 's HBO 's Real Time w/ Bill Maher , before going on to make a very significant point about the insane way this economic " bailout " is being carried out .
" With all due respect , you 're in a position to do something very significant about it .
We 're all in a position to do something very significant about it , " he tells the Congresswoman , before the actor / producer of Punk 'd goes on to declare , deadly seriously , in reply to Maher : " They 're punking us right now ! " ( appx. 2 mins ) ...
I 'll tell ya , I was really impressed with Kutcher every time he opened his mouth on the show last Friday .
I hope he keeps talking .
Clearly , he 's been paying very close attention to what 's really going on out here .
And , to that end , we 'll have another clip of him from the same show later today , which offers some pretty good evidence that he must be a BRAD BLOG reader .
Stay tuned ...
Text transcript follows below ...
hoarding the money .
[ inaudible ] ... but they got something for the money .
We 've gave the money with no strings .
This is outrageous !
[ applause ]
MAHER : They passed out all this money .
The banks were supposed to lend the money .
That 's why we gave the money to the banks .
But we never got that in writing , you see ?
They did n't deploy the money .
They 'rethe money . [ ] ... but they got something the money .
We 've gave the money with no strings .
This is outrageous !
[ ROS - LEHTINEN :
And they 're about to do it again for the big three automakers , next week , next Wednesday ...
KUTCHER : With all due respect , you 're in a position to do something very signficant out it .
We 're all in a position to do something very significant about it .
So to say " they are going to do it again " , we are going to do it again , because we are the ones who are paying these gigantic financial institutions money so they can chill out and take these giant giant golden parachutes , whatever .
These guys are sitting fat cat .
MAHER : Right .
KUTCHER : Now I run a business , and in my business , I make a lot of money .
I do really well .
If my business starts to fail , right ?
I 'm the first guy who starts taking a cut , right ?
The big guy on top .
Right now , Ford can't run a football team , let alone an automotive factory , right ?
And these guys ... I 'm sure they 're making millions of dollars , right ?!
But we are gonna bail them out .
We are gonna bail out the financial institutions .
It 's , it 's crazy ...
MAHER : So you 're saying if the industry of " punking " takes a dive ...[ laughter ] ... you are the first one to ...
KUTCHER : What are you ?...
They 're punking us right now ! [ cheers ]
I think ... I can't take a dive .
We are all being punk'd ...
MAHER : ... No , you 're right ...
KUTCHER : We genuinely , we genuinely are .
You 're right .
Show me what the automative companies are gonna do to fix their company issue , and then we 'll give you a loan , or then we 'll help you out .
I 'd do n't understand this ...
Look [ raises hand ]
I want a free check !
ROS - LEHTINEN :
And where does it stop ?
Circuit City ?...
And she probably wonders why she was banished to a secret undisclosed location after her last eruption .
What an idiotic thing to say a week before the election .
But this is way Republicans thinks .
Let the US auto industry go bankrupt in order to pay homage to the all - knowing almighty “ market . ”
From Reuters :
The U.S. government can assist automakers but cannot save them and any aid should be limited so taxpayers do not become ensnared in a long - term investment in the embattled industry , an economic adviser to Republican presidential candidate John McCain said on Monday .
“ I do n’t think the government can rescue the industry , ” Carly Fiorina , former chief executive of Hewlett - Packard Corp , told Reuters at an event in suburban Detroit .
“ Whatever the government does , it should not take away the fundamentals of risk - taking .
Sometimes it leads to rewards and sometimes consequences , downside , ” she said .
“ In other words , the auto industry can not be saved from its own bad bets . ”
This book is never going to be in the same sales league as Harry Potter and the author is entitled to charge a fair price for his work - this book is n't something that 's taken him a few rainy weekends to write in his spare time .
The more specialised a subject and smaller the niche- the higher the cost .
Though Stephen Hawkin's managed to sell his Brief History Of Time to a mass audience - and that was n't exactly light reading .
One of the few books that made me think I really should have paid more attention in school !
Based on Microsoft Silverlight , New Player Features Enhanced Dynamic Streaming , First - Time Use for Macs and
Breakthrough Navigation for Fast - Forward and Rewind
LOS GATOS , Calif. , October 27 , 2008 – Netflix , Inc. ( NASDAQ : NFLX ) , the world 's largest online movie rental service , today announced it has begun the deployment of Microsoft Silverlight to enhance the instant watching component of the Netflix service and to allow subscribers for the first time to watch movies and TV episodes instantly on their Intel - based Apple Macintosh computers .
The deployment , which will initially touch a small percentage of new Netflix subscribers , is the first step in an anticipated roll - out of the new platform to all Netflix subscribers by the end of the year .
Silverlight is designed for delivery of cross-platform , cross - browser media experiences inside a Web browser .
It is expected that Netflix members who watch movies and TV episodes instantly on their computers will enjoy a faster , easier connection and a more robust viewing experience with Silverlight , due to the quality built directly into the player .
Among the viewing enhancements with the new player is a breakthrough in timeline navigation that vastly improves the use of fast - forwarding and rewinding .
The new Netflix player takes advantage of Play Ready DRM , which is built into Silverlight , for the playback of protected content on both Windows - based PCs and on Macs .
That had not been possible with previous generation technologies .
" Silverlight with Play Ready offers a powerful and secure toolkit for delivery of dynamic streaming , which offers faster start - up , and higher quality video , adapted in real time to users ' connection speeds , " said Netflix Chief Product Officer Neil Hunt .
" Members who enjoy watching movies and TV episodes from the growing library of choices that can be instantly streamed at Netflix will be thrilled with this next generation improvement of access and quality , on a broader range of platforms , including Intel Macs and Firefox . "
NETFLIX BEGINS ROLL -OUT OF 2ND GENERATIONMEDIA PLAYER FOR INSTANT STREAMINGON WINDOWS PCs AND INTEL MACS
By Sarah Rainsford
BBC News , Istanbul
Hundreds of thousands of Armenians died while being forced out of Turkey An internet petition has been launched in Turkey , apologising for the " great catastrophe of 1915 " when hundreds of thousands of Ottoman Armenians died .
Many international historians say the massacres and deaths of Armenians during their forced removal from what is now eastern Turkey were " genocide " .
Turkey firmly denies that , saying those who died were just victims of war .
The petition - the first of its kind - was initiated by prominent Turkish academics and newspaper columnists .
They say they want to challenge the official denial and provoke discussion in Turkish society about what happened .
The petition is entitled " I apologise " .
A short statement at the top reads : " My conscience cannot accept the ignorance and denial of the Great Catastrophe that the Ottoman Armenians were subjected to in 1915 .
I reject this injustice and - on my own behalf - I share the feelings and pain of my Armenian brothers - and I apologise to them . "
It is a bold and original step in a country where writer Hrant Dink was killed just last year for openly saying that the events of 1915 were genocide .
Previously he had been tried for " insulting Turkishness " for his comments on 1915 - as was Orhan Pamuk , the Nobel prize - winning author , who said that a million Armenians were killed " in these lands " and no - one dared talk about it .
Sparking discussion Nationalist politicians have condemned the move as an insult to the Turkish nation , and the organisers have received abusive emails .
A group of some 60 former Turkish ambassadors has issued a counter statement , calling this petition unfair and contrary to Turkey 's national interests .
Turkey admits that many Armenians were killed but it denies any genocide , saying the deaths happened during widespread fighting in World War I .
The petition does not call on the state to apologise for what happened and it deliberately avoids the highly controversial definition of genocide .
But the Turkish academic who dreamed up the idea says he hopes it will spark a proper discussion of what happened and promote empathy for what the Armenians suffered .
Cengiz Aktar called it the responsibility of all Turks to think and talk openly about how , and why , the Armenian people disappeared from a land they inhabited for 4,000 years .
" Our aim is to empathise with the grief of our Armenian brothers , " he said .
The petition 's authors say they have received many encouraging comments .
In the first few hours after the petition was launched , more than 1,000 people had signed their names beneath it .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
This is a really sad day .
Not only the organizers of National Conference On Free Software 2008 taking place at CUSAT seem to be utterly misguided when they decided to let Novell be on - board as their main sponsor , they even took the extreme step of bringing in police to silence the lone voices of the Boycott Novell protestors .
They seem to be treading on the toes of not just free software but free speech as well , which is against the very ethics of the conference they are holding .
I ’m not sure whether the conference organizers took this step on their own or in cahoots with Novell - Microsoft “ gang ” but whatever happened was unfortunate .
You can see the pictures on Arky ’s Blog .
This is not something we should just sit and watch and should raise our voice against it .
Please digg this post , forward this link to your friends , write about it on your own blogs and spread the word .
See also
There can be few greater treasures in genealogy than finding a box of old family photos and documents .
Nothing can give you a feeling of connection to your ancestors quite like photographs .
Not all photos are equally valuable though and as you sort through the photos you might put them into three piles : the photos with people you recognise ; the photos which have descriptions scrawled on the back ; and the photos of unknown people and things .
The photos of people you recognise are nice , and might provide a few new pieces of information ( e.g. I did n’t know great uncle Mortimer rode a motorcycle ! ) .
The unlabeled photos are really not useful at all , unless you can take them to other relatives that might recognise the people and places depicted .
The pile with the photos that also have descriptions are pure genealogy gold though !
Below is a family photo of mine of a distant relative named Walter Wood .
If the photo had n’t been labeled with his name then nobody in my family could have identified him .
The photo was much more useful than that though , since it confirmed a hypothesis I had about my family tree – before I found this photo I was n’t completely sure I was related to the Wood family !
A written description on the back of a photograph would nowadays be called metadata .
Indeed , any information about a photo apart from the image itself can be called metadata .
Although the information can seem rather obvious and boring to the person who shot the photo , metadata can add considerable extra information and meaning .
In that spirit I have begun adding metadata to my own family history documents as well as all my digital camera photos too .
There are three types of metadata that I have added to my photos :
the date and time that the photo was taken
the place the photo was taken
who is in the photo ?
what are they doing ?
I will talk about the third type of information first .
It has become standard on modern computer systems that all image files support metadata and the easiest metadata to add to your photos are keywords .
You can add keywords that indicate which people are in a photo and what they are doing .
For example , the photo above might have the following keywords : Walter Wood ; military ; Australian Army ; World War 1 .
I have added keywords to all my personal photos and most of my family history photos – and the payoff has been immediate !
The advent of digital cameras has meant that the average person takes hundreds of times more photos than they did 10 years ago .
I myself take thousands of photos every year .
In many ways it makes the photos less precious , and wading through them all in search of a particular photo can be tedious and time consuming .
After I added keywords to my photos the process became instantaneous and it still puts a smile on my face every time I do it .
If I want that photo of my cousin Jimmy at my grandmothers birthday party then I just search for photos with the keywords “ Jimmy ” and “ birthday ” and it brings up five photos .
Amongst those five photos it ’s easy to find the one I want .
An example : the tug - o - war team
I will demonstrate how I use metadata with an example .
The picture below is of the tug - o - war team from the town of Merino , Victoria , Australia in 1932 ( my great - grandfather was the anchorman ) .
The photo has keywords for all the team members whose names I know as well as “ tug - o - war ” and “ Merino all stars ” which was the name of their team .
I also set the date of photo metadata value to 1932 .
The final piece of metadata I added was the location that the photo was taken .
This is best added using the GPS coordinates .
There are a number of programs that allow you to do this , but I wo n’t discuss that in this article .
Once the coordinates have been added you should be able to see the location of the photo in google maps .
The position can be accurately shown in google maps to within a few metres .
So now my photos are encoded with lots of extra information about when , where and of what they were taken .
It makes the photos more manageable for me to deal with and will make them much more useful to the people I pass them on to .
Remember to have a good backup strategy though – I backup my computer at three different locations and have automated hourly backups at home .
I have had hard - disk failures before and I do n’t want all the work I have done adding metadata and scanning documents to be destroyed in an instant – so backup your data people !
How Ironic
Amphetamines ( Dexedrine ) & Hydromorphone ( Dilaudid )
Citation : Drew .
" How Ironic : An Experience with Amphetamines ( Dexedrine ) & Hydromorphone ( Dilaudid ) ( exp43994 ) " .
Erowid.org .
May 7 , 2006 .
erowid.org/exp/43994
DOSE :
oral Amphetamines ( pill / tablet ) IV Hydromorphone oral Coffee
BODY WEIGHT : 225 lb
When I was in the third grade , I was prescribed Dexedrine to combat what my parents and I had been told was ADD .
Being a little kid , I had no idea what this was and was n't very enthusiastic about taking pills and dealing with the stigma of taking my medicine in school .
I did n't comply and eventually my doctor took me off of it , seeing as I would n't take it the right way and I could n't eat when I did take it .
I progressed through school and graduated in the summer of 1998 .
I had been accepted to a big college ( ca n't give the name ) and did n't really know what I wanted to do with my life .
My Academic Advisor suggested a pre-med major so that I could keep my options open .
I followed her advice , and everything was great for about 6 months .
The classes were easy enough , as I had gotten A's and B's in high school , and these seemed to be even easier than my high school classes .
Around this time I started playing around with marijuana quite a bit .
I had smoked on and off through high school , but never really made it a habit .
I had forgotten all the fun I had smoking pot , and I soon was smoking every day , several times a day .
I managed to keep my grades up and nobody knew what was up , not even my roommate , who happened to be my RA .
College was a breeze and I graduated Cum Laude .
I made the decision , at my parents ' urging , to enroll in Medical School .
' What the hell ' , I thought , I had to do something and I figured I would n't have any problem getting in , so I did it .
The med school at the college accepted my application and my MCAT score was pretty high , so I guess they were pretty happy to have me .
I stopped smoking pot at around the time my first semester ended .
These classes were difficult , and the doctors and professors were n't understanding about missed assignments .
My grades improved , and I excelled .
My classes were narrowed down to groups of 15 or so students , and we would go on rounds at the hospital , which was weird at first , as I had never been in a hospital prior to this .
We would visit different patients , and the doc taking us around would ask for our opinions .
It was cool , it gave me a sense of power and I was in love with the idea of helping people .
I had a great time and I graduated with honors and was taken on staff at the hospital where I had studied .
I loved working for the first six months .
I worked usually 4 hours more than I had been scheduled , as I got really excited when I had to go to work .
When I did n't have to work I would toke up with some guys from high school who I met up with at a concert one night .
It was great , only I had a realization .
I was a fucking doctor .
I first realized what that meant when I was at a party with the same 3 guys from high school .
We were all drinking and having a great time , when I went down into the basement of the house and saw people snorting something off of a CD cover .
I asked them what it was and they told me that it was ritalin .
Up until this I had never seen any abuse of prescription drugs , even though we had been warned about it in school .
I stayed down there and talked for a while , when the subject of work came up .
One guy said he had a horrible day at work and was going on and on about it when he asked me what I did for a living .
I told him , and he stared at me for a second with a disbelieving look .
I showed him my hospital ID , and he kept looking back and forth between the laminate and me .
He finally said , ' If you 're a doctor , what the fuck are you doing here ? '.
I told him who I was there with and he said he knew them .
He introduced himself and we shook hands , and I excused myself and went upstairs .
Later that night , I met up with him again .
Everyone from the basement was coming upstairs , and he came over to me with another guy and his girlfriend .
They all looked really buzzed , their eyes were wide and they were talking alot .
He finally asked me nervously if I could write prescriptions , seeing as I was a doctor .
I told him that of course I could .
He looked at his friends and quietly asked me if I could write him a script .
I told him sure , as I was pretty drunk and he seemed nice enough .
I had my script pad and a PDR in my car , so I went out there and took him with me .
We got in and I asked him what he wanted and what he needed it for .
He said that he and his friends had just gone through the last of his girlfriend 's ritalin , and they wanted more .
I was flipping through the PDR as I listened to him , and noticed Dexedrine was listed under the same category .
I showed him and told him how I had taken it as a kid , and he asked if I would write for that instead .
I wrote it out , gave him 30 tablets of 15 milligrams each .
He thanked me profusely and gave me a $ 50 bill .
I was surprised and I tried to give it back , but he insisted .
He gave me his number , and we parted ways .
Later that night , I saw him again , and he looked even higher than before .
He thanked me again and said that they had driven to 24 hour pharmacy and filled the script .
He showed me , and offered me some .
I initially refused , but once again , he insisted .
I took one from him and put in my pocket and forgot about it .
The next morning , I got a call from the hospital .
They wanted me to come in , but I had a hell of a hangover .
I reached in my pocket looking for some gum , but pulled out the dexedrine tab .
Remembering what happened when I had taken it as a kid , and I popped it into my mouth and swallowed it dry .
I got dressed and headed to the hospital , but halfway through my commute , I noticed a feeling that was surprisingly familiar yet somehow alien .
I felt nervous and happy at the same time .
I tried to ignore it , but eventually it got to the point where I could n't .
I arrived at work and almost jogged into the lobby .
I checked the log and talked to the shift nurse .
She sent me to a 17 year old patient who had been waiting for 3 hours , complaining of severe pain in her left flank area .
We had a urine sample for her , and instead of having the nurse dip it to test for blood , I did it myself .
It came back positive , and I went to talk to her .
She was writhing when I moved the curtain aside , obviously in a lot of pain .
At this point I was definetly feeling the effects of the dexedrine .
I could n't slow my speech down , I felt amazing , and I felt like talking .
I introduced myself , and asked her what was wrong .
Sher told me her back hurt like hell and she was nauseous .
I told her I would give her something for the pain and that I would be back to take a look at her in a little bit .
I wrote the drug order and also wrote an order for a CT scan of her back .
I thought this was probably a kidney stone , which I had seen before and which follow a similar pattern of symptoms .
The dexedrine was starting to peak as I handed the orders to the nurse .
I took the time to go to the bathroom , and I pissed for about a minute and a half , and it was the most satisfying piss I have ever taken .
When I went back to the nurses station to check and see if my patient had recieved the medication , the nurse asked me to check it again because it seemed like way to much to give as a single dose .
I looked at it and realized my mistake immediately .
I had written it for 10 mg of dilaudid , which is way more than anyone would need .
I was n't paying attention when I wrote it , and wrote the usual dose for morphine instead .
I laughed as I crumpled it up and threw it away .
I wrote out a new order for 2 mg of dilaudid and 25 of promethazine for nausea .
I also told her to start an IV .
I sat down at an empty desk and tried to straighten out my thoughts , which were racing like I had never experienced before .
I tried to sit still but I could n't so I ran to go get some coffee from the waiting room .
When I got back , I went to visit my patient again .
She was in much better shape now , and her mother was with her .
She said she was really tired and asked what was wrong with her .
I told her what I thought , and her mother asked how a 17 year old could possibly have kidney stones .
I told her that they were uncommon in younger people but not unheard of .
The girl 's mother asked if using drugs could be the cause .
I told her that cocaine could cause kidney damage , and therefore back pain and hematuria ( blood in the urine ) , but usually took years of chronic use to develop .
The mother sighed and told me that a week earlier her daughter had come home from a friend 's house smelling like marijuana and had alcohol on her breath .
She told me she suspected her daughter was taking drugs but when she confronted her about it she said that she only drank occasionally and that her friend had smoked marijuana while she was in the room , explaining the smell .
I said that drugs probably did n't cause her daughter 's condition , and she thanked me .
Her daughter had turned beet red and I could n't tell if it was because of embarrassment or the pain meds .
I asked if I could talk to the girl alone and her mother said it was fine .
She left the room and I closed the sliding glass door so we could have some privacy .
I asked her how everything was going at school and with her friends .
She said everything was fine and dandy .
I asked her how her family life was , and her smile kind of drooped .
She said her parents were always hassling her and when they were n't on her about school they were yelling at each other .
I could empathize with her , as my parents divorced when I was 10 .
I asked her if she needed to talk to someone , and she told me no .
I asked her how she was feeling , and she told me , ' great , I feel awesome .
This is great .'.
I paused .
Usually people who get injections of dilaudid with promethazine are knocked out within 10 minutes of the shot .
She was alert and responsive , not tired at all .
I told her it was kind of odd she was feeling no pain whatsoever .
She just shrugged her shoulders and smiled .
I asked her to sit up so I could take a look at her back .
She did so , and I seperated her gown and started my exam .
I pressed on her back with a pen and asked her if she felt pain .
She said no .
I asked her what her pain had felt like .
She said it had originated in her kidney , with shooting pain into her bladder whenever she had to pee .
I ended told her she could lay back down , which she did , and I opened the door to leave .
Her mother came back in as I was walking out .
I stopped her and told her everything seemed pretty consistent with a kidney stone and that we would take good care of her daughter .
She thanked me , and I left .
While I was walking , I started concentrating on the feeling from the dexedrine I had taken .
It had been an hour and a half since I had taken it , and the effects seemed to have gotten as strong as they were going to get .
I went to the bathroom again , and finished my coffee .
I was starting to relax when a nurse came and tapped me on the shoulder .
' The girl in room 8 is asking for you . ' , she said .
I got up again and went to her room .
I asked her what was wrong , and she said her back hurt again , worse than before .
I told her I would have it taken care of .
She thanked me profusely and I went on my way .
She had gotten a shot of dilaudid 20 minutes ago , so she should have been fine .
She seemed ok to me when I talked to her , but I decided to believe her and had a nurse give her another milligram of dilaudid .
I heard no more from her until she was ready to discharge , and I gave her some promethazine to take home along with 15 vicodin for pain .
I advised her to drink alot of water for the next couple days and her stone would pass on its own .
The rest of the day was normal , and I forgot all about the dexedrine .
When I went home , I decided to call the guy from the party .
He came by my apartment and gave me 2 more dexedrine before he left .
I had to go in to work that night , and seeing how the dexedrine had made it easy to get through the day , I popped both of them , hoping for a stronger effect than I had earlier .
I definetly got more than I bargained for , and an hour later I was flying .
I was gnashing my teeth together , talking to myself , and sweating like crazy .
I was flushed red , and my hands were shaking .
I checked in , and ran to see my first patient .
My ears were ringing and I could n't hold a train of thought .
I had a giant smile on my face when I walked into the room .
The patient was a 21 year old woman who was holding her arm wrapped in a t- shirt .
It was soaked with blood .
She had been bitten by her neighbors dog while getting her mail .
She was in alot of pain , so I told her I would give her something for it .
As I filled out the order , I decided to take it myself to get filled .
I pulled alot more dilaudid than I need , about 4 milligrams over .
As I capped the syringe and back to my patient , I started getting tunnel vision and my heart started beating really fast .
I recognized that I was having a panic attack .
I ducked into the bathroom to try to calm myself down .
I splashed water on my face , but this did n't help .
In a split second , I pulled out the syringe and plunged it into my thigh , right through my scrub pants .
I pushed down on the plunger without thinking .
I pushed it down until there was only 2 mg left , and pulled it out .
I flushed the needle down the toilet and headed to the room .
I got a new syringe out of a drawer next to the bed , and told the patient to turn over so I could give her the injection .
I gave it in her thigh , and she thanked me .
I put the syringe into the sharps container , and took the shirt off of her arm .
She had a really bad wound , down into the muscle .
I told her she would need a tetanus shot , and a rabies vaccine since she did n't know whether the dog had been immunized .
Better safe than sorry .
As I got up from my seat , I felt really dizzy and my head felt like it was a balloon , seperate from my body and floating on its own .
I sat back down , reached into the drawer and dressed the wound on the woman 's arm .
As I was doing this , the dilaudid kicked in really quickly .
I felt amazing , and the dexedrine was making it even stronger .
I had never felt this good in my entire life .
I finished up , and told the nurse to have someone else give her the tetanus and rabies shots .
I felt so good , I just stood there and stared forward .
I felt great physically , and my head was tingling and itchy at the same time .
I was called to see another patient and by the time I got there , I was definetly high .
Actually , blasted is a better way to describe how I was feeling .
I loved it .
The only other time I had taken a narcotic was in my second year of med school , when I broke my arm in a skiing accident .
I loved it then too .
I waltzed into the next patient 's room , and saw the same girl who came in earlier with the kidney stone .
' What 's up ? ' was the only thing I could manage to say .
I had never seen the same patient twice on the same day .
I expected her to be home asleep , as kidney stone patients usually are , especially with 4 milligrams of dilaudid in her system .
The conversation went as follows : 'I hurt again , but this time its on the right side '' Is your mother here ?
'' No , she had to go out of town to visit her mom .
She has cancer and is supposed to only have a month to live , so my mom went to take care of her .
My brother brought me here .'' So where is he ? '' He just left .
He went to hang out with his friends '' Did you take your pain medicine before you decided to come back ? '' Yeah , It did n't work .
I took two when I left here , but htey did n't help at all , so I took 2 more '' That is way too much for somebody your size to take , especially after the shot we gave you .
It could hurt you .
'' But my back hurt alot .
I ran out of the pills about an hour ago '
She showed me the empty bottle and I was shocked .
I was also pretty damn far gone from all the drugs I had taken .
I told her she could n't have any more injections and I could n't write her another prescription .
At that point she frowned and repeated that her back hurt .
I told her there was nothing I could do .
She told me that it was fucking bullshit and she deserved to not be in pain .
I asked for another urine sample , and tested it when she gave it to me .
There was no blood .
She had either passed it or it wasnt a stone to begin with .
I told her this and she got even more angry .
I told her I would ask another doctor , and went back to where her urine sample was sitting .
I got a drug test from the pharmacy , and screened her urine .
It was positive for marijuana and cocaine .
I asked her why she lied about the drugs , and she told me she had n't .
I went to find an orderly or a security guard to escort her out , as she was obviously lying .
When I went back to the room , I smelled smoke .
She was laying on the bed , smoking a cigarette .
I told her to put it out and that the hospital was a smoke free zone .
I told her she would have to leave and that I would have to contact her mother about the incident .
When I said that , she sat up and swung her legs over the side of the bed .
A pipe fell out of her skirt pocket , and shattered on the floor .
It was glass , and did n't smell like marijuana .
It smelled more like burning hair than anything .
It was a crack pipe .
She was so high that she had smoked crack while I was out of the room .
I sobered up for long enough to realize what was happening , right as the security guard walked into the room .
She yelled for him to help her , that I had tried to rape her and that she had kicked me and a pipe fell out of my pocket .
The guard grabbed my arm , and she ran out of the room and sprinted out of the hospital .
I told him what had really happened and he ran after her .
The guard returned about 10 minutes later , saying he could n't find her .
I relaxed , and the drugs took hold over me again .
Later that night a hopspital administrator approached me as I was getting ready to leave for the night .
He told me that he had recieved a report that I had allegedly assaulted a patient and that I may or may have not been in possession of drug paraphernalia at the time .
He told me I would have to be suspended with pay until it had been investigated .
' Whatever ' , I thought and I left .
I had n't done anything wrong .
The next day I got a call saying I would have to have a drug screen before I could return to work .
I panicked .
I had dilaudid and amphetamine in my system , and I would be fired for sure , maybe even arrested .
I asked the caller why this was necessary , and she told me that it was standard procedure whenever an employee was accused of drug use .
' All employees must follow the rules , doctors are no exception .
Anyway , it wo n't show anything and you can come back to work as soon as we have the test on file . '
I hung up the phone and sat on my kitchen floor .
I was screwed .
I had 2 days to have the test done .
I started drinking as much water as I could possibly fit into my body , drinking to the point of nausea and then resuming when the feeling past .
In 6 hours , I had drunk 10 16.9 oz bottles of water .
I was peeing every 5 minutes , and I started to feel better .
I kept drinking all night , alternating coffee and water so that the caffeine would make me piss more and keep me awake to drink more water .
I came to work the next day and was handed a urine sample cup by the same administrator who had stopped me the day before .
He said I had one hour to fill the cup .
I put it in my pocket and went to the bathroom .
I peed 8 times in that hour , and collected a sample from the last time .
I gave it to the lab , and went back to the E.R. to see my next patient .
About 3 hours after I gave the lab my sample , the physician in charge of the emergency room came to talk to me .
She said that I had passed the test , but I had an unusually large amount of amphetamine in my urine .
She asked me what could have caused this , and I told her I had taken some sudafed the day before because of a cold .
She said that made sense , but I was going to be placed on probation regardless .
She told me that if I needed help I could always talk to her , no questions asked .
Dexedrine almost cost me my job and the respec of my peers .
I could easily have tested positive and been fired .
I would have wasted 10 + years of schooling and well over $ 200,000 spent on student loans .
All because of a series of stupid decisions that never would have happened had I been thinking clearly .
I will never ever touch that shit again , not because I do n't love the feeling , but because I can't control my use of the substance .
( CNN ) --
A passenger aboard Continental Airlines Flight 1404 described a scene of panic as the plane skidded off the runway while trying to take off and caught fire Saturday at Denver International Airport in Colorado .
Passenger Gabriel
Trejos says he saw an engine on fire as the plane skidded to a halt .
" Everybody was trying to get off the plane , " passenger Gabriel Trejos told CNN affiliate KUSA .
" Everybody was yelling , ' The plane 's going to blow up , the plane 's going to blow up !'''
Only one of the 38 people taken to hospitals was listed in serious condition and none appeared to be burn victims , said Patrick Hynes , chief of the airport division of the Denver Fire Department .
Bone fractures and bruises were the most common complaint , he said .
Trejos said when the plane hit the ground , he saw an engine on fire and seats buckling toward each other .
" It just seemed like it took forever for the plane to stop , " Trejos said .
" On my side of the plane I could see the engine , I noticed it was on fire .
I could feel the heat coming from the window . "
Watch Trejos describe seeing engine on fire »
Airport officials said it was too soon to determine the cause of the accident or the fire .
The flight was bound for Houston , Texas , and was taking off at about 6:20 p.m .
Firefighters found the Boeing 737 on fire , with its wheels sheared off , resting in a ravine about 200 yards from the runway , Hynes said .
" They described a surreal scene when they pulled up , heavy fire on the right side of the aircraft , all chutes deployed from both sides of the aircraft , people evacuating and walking up the hillside towards them , " Hynes said .
Hynes said the entire right side of the jet was on flames and " a heck of a firefight " followed .
" There was significant extension of fire into the cabin portion , " he said .
" There 's significant fire damage inside with the luggage department described as melting and dropping down into the seats . "
Hynes said fuel from the aircraft leaked for several hours after the mishap , but the fire was out .
" As far as we know , there were no fatalities and we believe no critical injuries , " Denver International Airport manager of aviation Kim Day told reporters late Saturday .
Watch airport official describe scene of accident »
Continental issued a statement late Saturday saying it was collecting information about the accident .
The 112 people on the plane included five crew members .
Planes resumed takeoffs and landings at the airport after the incident , although Day said a section of the airport will remain closed into Sunday .
She suggested passengers call ahead for Sunday departure times since many flights may be delayed .
A team from the National Transportation Safety Board ( NTSB ) was on its way to the scene to start an investigation .
All About Accidents and Disasters • Air Travel • Denver
NEW YORK ( CNN ) -- Jeff
Walker says from as far back as he can remember , he always wanted to be a father .
Jeff Walker , with his two daughters , tried to adopt , but ultimately turned to surogacy to build a family .
" It was always something I knew , from the time I was a child . "
Just like his 3 - year - old daughter , Elizabeth , who says she wants to be a mommy someday , Jeff says , " I knew I wanted to be a daddy . "
Walker , a Manhattan music executive , says he and his partner had talked about adopting a baby years ago .
But after three emotionally draining , failed attempts at adoption , they decided to turn to surrogacy .
They contacted Circle Surrogacy , a Boston agency that specializes in gay clients .
Their child was conceived with a donor egg , and then the embryo implanted in the surrogate , or carrier .
After Elizabeth was born , Walker and his partner separated .
He then made a critical decision -- to become a dad again , single , and by choice .
" I realized my family , my two - dad family was going to look different than I thought it was going to look , " he said .
Without a partner , he would face even steeper challenges raising Elizabeth and a sibling alone .
Walker says he gave the decision a lot of thought .
" That was the only part that was really controversial , because I do think there are a lot of challenges that single parents face , but at the same time I felt I was capable of handling those challenges , " he said .
His second daughter , Alexandra , was born two years ago to the same surrogate , implanted with an egg from a different donor .
Walker , 45 , is one of a growing number of single men -- both gay and straight -- who are opting to become fathers alone , with the help of gestational surrogacy .
CNN American Morning
Want to start a family ?
American Morning looks at cutting - edge fertility treatments , surrogacy and adoption this week .
6 a.m. - 9 a.m. CNN American Morning »
Surrogacy experts say because the practice is not regulated , many surrogacy arrangements are handled privately by individuals .
Precise figures are hard to come by , but experts say there 's no doubt the United States is experiencing a surrogacy baby boom .
Celebrities like Ricky Martin and Clay Aiken announced this year they had had babies with the help of surrogates and the the Society for Assisted Reproductive Technology , representing scores of reproductive clinics , reports that the number of gestational surrogate births in the country quadrupled between 1996 and 2006 .
Watch more on the surrogacy boom »
Surrogacy experts say gestational surrogacy has increased steadily since the advent of in vitro fertilization in the early 1980s , because it provides an extra layer of emotional and legal protection for the client .
The egg donor usually does not even know the client , and unlike the legally contentious " Baby M " case from the 1980s , the surrogate is not giving birth to her genetic child .
" It rises as an issue far less frequently with gestational surrogacy , because women never see it as their child to begin with , " said John Weltman , president of Circle Surrogacy .
His agency , which expects more than 70 babies to be born in 2009 , has seen a 50 percent growth in the number of single male clients over the past year .
Walker and other men are willing to pay well over $ 100,000 to have a baby through surrogacy -- the final cost depending on the number of IVF treatments necessary and how much is paid by insurance .
Circle is not the only major surrogacy provider experiencing a single - dad surge .
At Growing Generations , a Los Angeles , California , agency that facilitates about 100 births a year , the number of single men seeking surrogates has doubled in the past three years , spokeswoman Erica Bowers said .
Although most of their single male clients are gay , surrogacy providers say a smaller but growing number are straight .
Steven Harris , a New York malpractice and personal - injury attorney , says he gave up trying to get married when he realized his primary motive was to start a family .
Harris , 54 , says he knew he made the right decision after 21 - month old Ben was born .
" I thought getting married was the only way to go , because I did want a family .
But having Ben , I feel complete now , " Harris says .
All About Surrogacy • Parenting
TINGALPA LOSES 2016 GAMES TO RIO DE JANEIRO
In a shock decision today in Copenhagen , the International Olympic Committee has voted to deny Tingalpa the Olympic Games for the third successive time .
TINCOG President Tom Carroll stated that it was unlikely Tingalpa would bid again for the 2020 Games .
" Seriously , screw those guys , " he said .
" It is obvious to me now that we were wasting out time with the IOC .
Looking back , getting the Olympics for Tingalpa seems like a bit of an unrealistic idea . "
Mr Carroll said that he would now turn his attention to more achievable goals , such as setting up Australia 's first space port - in Tingalpa .
" We have established a new organisation dedicated to this mission .
Most of the old team are back .
The Tingalpa Space Agency will be open for business first thing on Monday morning . "
Read more about The Tingalpa Space Agency DECISION DAY - October 2 , 2009
The winner of the 2016 Olympic Games will be decided today in Copenhagen , Denmark .
TINCOG is feeling optimistic , having deliberately kept details of its 2016 bid quiet , in an attempt to prevent rivals from stealing our revolutionary ideas .
NEW CAMPAIGN , NEW LOGO Following a legal threat relating to the Olympic Insignia Protection Act of 1987 , TINCOG has created a new logo for its 2016 Olympic bid ,
Our new logo is fresh and original , and has been specifically designed to avoid legal problems .
TINGALPA 2016 BID TINCOG is pleased to announce a new Olympic bid - this time for the 2016 Olympic Games .
Rising from the ashes of the failed 2012 bid , TINCOG has regrouped , reorganised , and commenced planning for its latest attempt to secure the Olympic Games for Tingalpa .
MEDIA ARCHIVES
Find out more about the unsuccessful 2012 bid , and all the latest news relating to the 2016 bid in the TINCOG Media Archives .
Features newspaper clippings , radio interviews , press releases and video clips .
LATEST INTERVIEW - November 18 , 2008 8:45 am . 4BC News Talk Radio caught up with TINCOG President Tom Carroll this morning , just before the 9 o'clock news .
In the interview , Tom discusses the recent Channel 9 coverage , and makes known his true feelings about Kerry Packer 's media empire .
Listen to the interview in the media section .
FACEBOOK INITIATVE
Local activists have established a Facebook group to help improve public awareness about Tingalpa 's new Olympic bid .
Show your support for the bid by joining the TINGALPA 2016 Facebook group .
INTERVIEW - November 12 , 2008 5:30 pm . Brisbane Extra catches up with TINCOG , 7 years after the first interview , to find out about preparations for the 2016 Olympic bid .
Featuring Tom Carroll , Juan Antonio Closque , Daffyd Youngo , and Jacinta Kanyé .
For more information , see the media section .
RECENT INTERVIEW - November 4 , 2008 7:40 am . 612 ABC Brisbane interview .
Breakfast reporter Rebecca Levingston tours Olympic facilities with TINCOG President Tom Carroll and Daffyd Youngo ( Head of Watersports , Amenities , Catering , and Race Relations ) .
For recording and transcript , see the media section .
LONDON METRO - November 22 , 2004 The London Metro runs an article on the Tingalpa 2012 Olympic bid .
During an interview , TINCOG President Tom Carroll questioned how a city such as London could possibly even be considered as a potential Olympic host city .
Find the whole story in the media section .
JJJ INTERVIEW - September 1 , 2004 TINCOG
President Tom Carroll interviewed on Triple J , discussing the upcoming 2012 Olympic bid with Chris and Craig on the " Today Today " program .
A complete transcript of all TINCOG - related segments of the show can be found in the media section .
PHOTO GALLERY
An all - new photo gallery highlighting the great sights of Tingalpa is coming soon !
Relive the magic of the Beijing Summer Olympic Games .
TINGALPA : KEY FACTS Population : 9,000
Tingalpa is 9.5 km east of the Brisbane CBD .
The only suburb of Brisbane to ever have applied for an Olympic Games three times .
FUTURE GAMES Vancouver 2010
London 2012
Sochi 2014
Tingalpa 2016
Tags
Coin dealers and collectors are still reeling from the US Mint 's announcement that it had run out of American Eagle gold coins .
But what ought to surprise every American is n't that a government agency came up short .
It 's that the US government should be making little metal discs at all .
Coin shortages are nothing new .
A few months before running out of gold Eagles , the US Mint had to ration silver Eagles .
Not long before that , pennies were in very short supply .
Nor are other government mints any better .
Back in 2007 , for instance , Argentina had such a severe change shortage that its panhandlers nearly starved to death , while in southern China , 100 - yuan coins commanded a whopping 25 percent premium .
Why are coin shortages so common ?
Governments typically blame unexpected changes in demand .
But suppliers of all sorts of other goods manage to avoid running out , despite even more dramatic demand changes .
So what 's special about coins ?
An old chestnut says that if the government were put in charge of the desert , pretty soon there 'd be a sand shortage .
Recall the plight of consumers under socialism : socialist governments tried to make everything and eventually ran out of everything .
Now socialism is dead , but not when it comes to coining .
So coin shortages keep breaking out , as they have ever since governments first monopolized coin making in ancient times .
In their defense , government officials insist that private industry can't possibly be trusted to make coins of any sort .
An obvious problem with this argument is that , if it were really true , government mints could always outcompete would - be rivals , and governments would n't have to outlaw private coinage , except for outright counterfeiting .
Yet governments routinely punish private firms that try to issue their own distinct coins .
Just last year , for example , the FBI raided Idaho 's private Sunshine Mint , confiscating its inventory of coins and metal .
That mint 's products included one - ounce " Liberty " gold and silver dollars that competed directly with the US Mint 's Eagles , but were plainly distinguished from them — and were never out of stock .
What 's more , private industry did occasionally take charge of coinage in the past , and did so quite successfully .
During the gold rush , for instance , no fewer than 15 private mints went into business , sparing prospectors the need to send their gold all the way to Philadelphia or New Orleans to be coined .
Although some of the mints made substandard coins , they rapidly went out of business .
The ones that survived produced coins every bit as good as — and in some cases better than — those from the US Mint .
The survivors ' reputations were so good , in fact , that they withstood both local attempts to outlaw private coinage and the opening , in 1854 , of a San Francisco branch of the US Mint .
To end this embarrassing competition , Congress bought out the biggest private mint in 1863 and outlawed the rest a year later .
Private coiners played a still bigger role in Great Britain 's Industrial Revolution , which was in danger of grinding to a halt thanks to a shortage of official coins .
When the Royal Mint refused to do anything about the shortage , private entrepreneurs took matters into their own hands .
From 1787 to 1797 and again from 1811 to 1818 , the greater part of Great Britain 's stock of coins came not from the Royal Mint in London but from a score of private mints in Birmingham .
Far from having been inferior to their Royal Mint counterparts , as government officials would have it , Great Britain 's private coins were more popular than official ones , and for good reason : being much harder to counterfeit , they were more likely to be genuine .
But the British government cared more about protecting the Mint 's monopoly than with catering to the public 's need for sound money , so in 1818 it banned private coins , even though official ones were still in short supply .
Back in 1780 Edmund Burke proposed , in his famous speech on economical reform , that the Royal Mint be privatized .
" A mint , " he insisted , " is a manufacture , and it is nothing else ; and it ought to be undertaken upon the principles of a manufacture ; that is , for the best and cheapest execution . "
If a government - run coin factory seemed wasteful in Burke 's day , how much stranger is it for modern governments to be churning out coins ?
A lot stranger , when you come to think of it , than it is for them to run out .
DIGG THIS
In August 1914 , Europe ’s major powers threw themselves into war with gleeful abandon .
Germany , a rising power with vast aspirations , plowed across Belgium , seeking to checkmate France quickly before Russia could mobilize , thereby averting the prospect of a two - front war .
Thousands of young Germans , anticipating a six - week conflict , boarded troop trains singing the optimistic refrain : “ Ausflug nach Paris .
Auf Widersehen auf dem Boulevard . ” ( “ Excursion to Paris .
See you again on the Boulevard . ” )
The French were eager to avenge the loss of Alsace and Lorraine to Germany in 1870 .
The British government , leery of Germany ’s growing power , mobilized hundreds of thousands of young men to “ teach the Hun a lesson . ”
Across the continent , writes British historian Simon Rees , “ millions of servicemen , reservists and volunteers … rushed enthusiastically to the banners of war… .
The atmosphere was one of holiday rather than conflict . ”
Each side expected to be victorious by Christmas .
But as December dawned , the antagonists found themselves mired along the Western Front — a static line of trenches running for hundreds of miles through France and Belgium .
At some points along the Front , combatants were separated by less than 100 feet .
Their crude redoubts were little more than large ditches scooped out of miry , whitish - gray soil .
Ill - equipped for winter , soldiers slogged through brackish water that was too cold for human comfort , but too warm to freeze .
The unclaimed territory designated No Man ’s Land was littered with the awful residue of war — expended ammunition and the lifeless bodies of those on whom the ammunition had been spent .
The mortal remains of many slain soldiers could be found grotesquely woven into barbed wire fences .
Villages and homes lay in ruins .
Abandoned churches had been appropriated for use as military bases .
As losses mounted and the stalemate hardened , war fever began to dissipate on both sides .
Many of those pressed into service on the Western Front had not succumbed to the initial frenzy of bloodlust .
Fighting alongside French , Belgian , and English troops were Hindus and Sikhs from India , as well as Gurkhas from the Himalayan Kingdom of Nepal .
These colonial conscripts had been transported from their native soil and deployed in trenches carved out of wintry Belgian cabbage patches .
Highland Scots were also found at the Front , proudly wearing their kilts in defiance of the bitter December cold .
The German troops were led by elite Prussian officers , representatives of the bellicose Junker aristocracy .
The German rank and file included Bavarian , Saxon , Westphalian , and Hessian reservists , more than a few of whom had lived — or even been born — in England and spoke perfect English .
Bismarck ’s efforts to unite the scattered German principalities notwithstanding , many German troops remained more attached to their local communities than to what for them was an abstract German nation .
Comrades at Arms
Wallowing in what amounted to cold , fetid sewers , pelted by freezing rain , and surrounded by the decaying remains of their comrades , soldiers on both sides grimly maintained their military discipline .
On December 7 , Pope Benedict XV called for a Christmas cease - fire .
This suggestion earned little enthusiasm from political and military leaders on both sides .
But the story was different for the exhausted frontline troops .
A December 4 dispatch from the commander of the British II Corps took disapproving notice of a “ live - and - let - live theory of life ” that had descended on the Front .
Although little overt fraternization was seen between hostile forces , just as little initiative was shown in pressing potential advantages .
Neither side fired at the other during meal times , and friendly comments were frequently bandied about across No Man ’s Land .
In a letter published by the Edinburgh Scotsman , Andrew Todd of the Royal Engineers reported that soldiers along his stretch of the Front , “ only 60 yards apart at one place … [ had become ] very ‘ pally ’ with each other . ”
Rather than flinging lead at their opponents , the troops would occasionally hurl newspapers ( weighted with stones ) and ration tins across the lines .
Barrages of insults sometimes erupted as well , but they were delivered “ generally with less venom than a couple of London cabbies after a mild collision , ” reported Leslie Walkinton of the Queen ’s Westminster Rifles .
As December waxed , the combat ardor of the frontline troops waned .
With Christmas approaching , the scattered and infrequent gestures of goodwill across enemy lines increased .
About a week before Christmas , German troops near Armentieres slipped a “ splendid ” chocolate cake across the lines to their British counterparts .
Attached to that delectable peace offering was a remarkable invitation :
We propose having a concert tonight as it is our Captain ’s birthday , and we cordially invite you to attend — provided you will give us your word of honor as guests that you agree to cease hostilities between 7:30 and 8:30 … .
When you see us light the candles and footlights at the edge of our trench at 7:30 sharp you can safely put your heads above your trenches , and we shall do the same , and begin the concert .
The concert proceeded on time , with the bewhiskered German troops singing “ like Christy Minstrels , ” according to one eyewitness account .
Each song earned enthusiastic applause from the British troops , prompting a German to invite the Tommies to “ come mit us into the chorus . ”
One British soldier boldly shouted , “ We ’d rather die than sing German . ”
This jibe was parried instantly with a good - natured reply from the German ranks : “ It would kill us if you did . ”
The concert ended with an earnest rendition of “ Die Wacht am Rhein , ” and was closed with a few shots deliberately aimed at the darkening skies — a signal that the brief pre-Christmas respite was ended .
Elsewhere along the Front , arrangements were worked out to retrieve fallen soldiers and give them proper treatment or burial .
In a letter to his mother , Lt. Geoffrey Heinekey of the 2nd Queen ’s Westminster Rifles described one such event that took place on December 19 .
“ Some Germans came out and held up their hands and began to take in some of their wounded and so we ourselves immediately got out of our trenches and began bringing in our wounded also , ” he recalled .
“ The Germans then beckoned to us and a lot of us went over and talked to them and they helped us to bury our dead .
This lasted the whole morning and I talked to several of them and I must say they seemed extraordinarily fine men… .
It seemed too ironical for words .
There , the night before we had been having a terrific battle and the morning after , there we were smoking their cigarettes and they smoking ours . ”
Football in No Man ’s Land
Soon talk along the Front turned to the prospect of a formal cessation of hostilities in honor of Christmas .
Again , this idea met resistance from above .
Comments historian Stanley Weintraub , in his book , Silent Night : The Story of the World War I Christmas Truce :
Most higher - ups had looked the other way when scattered fraternization occurred earlier .
A Christmas truce , however , was another matter .
Any slackening in the action during Christmas week might undermine whatever sacrificial spirit there was among troops who lacked ideological fervor .
Despite the efforts of propagandists , German reservists evidenced little hate .
Urged to despise the Germans , [ British ] Tommies saw no compelling interest in retrieving French and Belgian crossroads and cabbage patches .
Rather , both sides fought as soldiers fought in most wars — for survival , and to protect the men who had become extended family .
In a sense , the war itself was being waged within an extended family , since both Germany ’s Kaiser Wilhelm II and England ’s King George V were grandsons of Queen Victoria .
More importantly , the warring nations were all part of what had once been known as Christendom .
The irony of this fact was not lost on those sentenced to spend Christmas at the Front .
By Christmas Eve , the German side of the Front was radiant with glowing Tannenbeume — small Christmas trees set up , sometimes under fire , by troops determined to commemorate the holy day .
“ For most British soldiers , the German insistence on celebrating Christmas was a shock after the propaganda about Teutonic bestiality , while the Germans had long dismissed the British as well as the French as soulless and materialistic and incapable of appreciating the festival in the proper spirit , ” writes Weintraub .
“ Regarded by the French and British as pagans — even savages — the pragmatic Germans were not expected to risk their lives on behalf of each beloved Tannenbaum .
Yet when a few were felled by Scrooge - like gunfire , the Saxons opposite the [ British line ] stubbornly climbed the parapets to set the endangered trees up once more . ”
The radiant Christmas trees reminded some Indian conscripts of lanterns used to celebrate the Hindu “ Festival of Lights . ”
Some of them must have been puzzled over finding themselves freezing , undernourished , and confronting a lonely death thousands of miles from their homes as soldiers in a war which pitted Christian nations against each other .
“ Do not think that this is war , ” wrote one Punjabi soldier in a letter to a relative .
“ This is not war .
It is the ending of the world . ”
But there were souls on each side of that fratricidal conflict determined to preserve the decencies of Christendom , even amid the conflict .
As Christmas dawned , German Saxon troops shouted greetings to the British unit across from it : “ A happy Christmas to you , Englishmen ! ”
That welcome greeting prompted a mock - insulting reply from one of the Scottish troops , who was mildly irritated at being called an Englishman : “ The same to you Fritz , but dinna o ’er eat youself wi’ they sausages ! ”
A sudden cold snap had left the battlefield frozen , which was actually a relief for troops wallowing in sodden mire .
Along the Front , troops extracted themselves from their trenches and dugouts , approaching each other warily , and then eagerly , across No Man ’s Land .
Greetings and handshakes were exchanged , as were gifts scavenged from care packages sent from home .
German souvenirs that ordinarily would have been obtained only through bloodshed — such as spiked pickelhaube helmets , or Gott mit uns belt buckles — were bartered for similar British trinkets .
Carols were sung in German , English , and French .
A few photographs were taken of British and German officers standing alongside each other , unarmed , in No Man ’s Land .
Near the Ypres salient , Germans and Scotsmen chased after wild hares that , once caught , served as an unexpected Christmas feast .
Perhaps the sudden exertion of chasing wild hares prompted some of the soldiers to think of having a football match .
Then again , little prompting would have been necessary to inspire young , competitive men — many of whom were English youth recruited off soccer fields — to stage a match .
In any case , numerous accounts in letters and journals attest to the fact that on Christmas 1914 , German and English soldiers played soccer on the frozen turf of No Man ’s Land .
British Field Artillery Lieutenant John Wedderburn - Maxwell described the event as “ probably the most extraordinary event of the whole war — a soldier ’s truce without any higher sanction by officers and generals … . ”
This is n’t to say that the event met with unqualified approval .
Random exchanges of gunfire along the Front offered lethal reminders that the war was still underway .
From his rearward position behind the lines , a “ gaunt , sallow soldier with a thick , dark mustache and hooded eyes ” witnessed the spontaneous eruption of Christian fellowship with hateful contempt .
The German Field Messenger of Austrian birth heaped scorn on his comrades who were exchanging Christmas greetings with their British counterparts .
“ Such a thing should not happen in wartime , ” groused Corporal Adolf Hitler .
“ Have you no German sense of honor left at all ? ” “ More than patriotic scruples were involved ” in Hitler ’s reaction , notes Weintraub .
“ Although a baptized Catholic , he rejected every vestige of religious observance while his unit marked the day in the cellar of the Messines monastery . ”
What If …?
In a January 2 , 1915 account of the Christmas Truce , the London Daily Mirror reflected that “ the gospel of hate ” had lost its allure to soldiers who had come to know each other .
“ The soldier ’s heart rarely has any hatred in it , ” commented the paper .
“ He goes out to fight because that is his job .
What came before — the causes of the war and the why and wherefore — bother him little .
He fights for his country and against his country ’s enemies .
Collectively , they are to be condemned and blown to pieces .
Individually , he knows they ’re not bad sorts . ”
“ Many British and German soldiers , and line officers , viewed each other as gentlemen and men of honor , ” writes Weintraub .
The rank and file came to understand that the man on the other end of the rifle , rather than the soulless monster depicted in ideological propaganda , was frightened and desperate to survive and return to his family .
For many along the Front , these realities first became clear in the light cast by the German Tannenbaum .
In the shared symbol of the Christmas tree — an ornament of pagan origins appropriated by Christians centuries ago — British and German troops found “ a sudden and extraordinary link , ” observed British author Arthur Conan Doyle after the war ( a conflict that claimed his son ’s life ) .
“ It was an amazing spectacle , ” Doyle reflected , “ and must arouse bitter thought concerning the high - born conspirators against the peace of the world , who in their mad ambition had hounded such men on to take each other by the throat rather than by the hand . ”
In a remarkable letter published by The Times of London on January 4 , a German soldier stated that “ as the wonderful scenes in the trenches [ during Christmas ] show , there is no malice on our side , and none in many of those who have been marshaled against us . ”
But this was certainly not true of those who orchestrated the war , the “ high - born conspirators against the peace of the world . ”
As British historian Niall Ferguson points out , the war - makers ’ plans for the world required “ Maximum slaughter at minimum expense . ”
The informal truce held through Christmas and , at some points along the Front , through the following day ( known as “ Boxing Day ” to British troops ) .
But before New Year ’s
Day the war had resumed in all of its malignant fury , and the suicide of Christendom continued apace .
Most wars are senseless exercises in mass murder and needless destruction .
World War I , however , is remarkable not only for being more avoidable and less justifiable than most wars , but also for its role in opening the gates of hell .
Mass starvation and economic ruin inflicted on Germany during the war and its aftermath cultivated the National Socialist ( Nazi ) movement .
Nearly identical ruin wrought in Russia thrust Lenin and the Bolsheviks to power .
Benito Mussolini , a socialist agitator once regarded as Lenin ’s heir , rose to power in Italy .
Radical variants of intolerant totalitarian nationalism ulcerated Europe .
The seeds of future wars and terrorism were deeply sewn in the Middle East .
What if the Christmas Truce of 1914 had held ?
Might a negotiated peace have ensued , preserving Christendom for at least a while longer ?
We do not know .
It is doubtful that the “ high - born conspirators against the peace of the world ” would have been long deterred in pursuing their demented plans .
But the truce — a welcome fermata in the symphony of destruction — illustrated a timeless truth of the nature of the human soul as designed by its Creator .
Reflecting on the Christmas Truce , Scottish historian Roland Watson writes : “ The State bellows the orders ‘ Kill ! Maim !
Conquer !’ but a deeper instinct within the individual does not readily put a bullet through another who has done no great offense , but who rather says with them , ‘ What am I doing here ? ' ”
For a tragically short time , the Spirit of the Prince of Peace drowned out the murderous demands of the State .
The Best of William Norman Grigg
Fourteen pro-democracy activists who tried to rally people against the Burmese military regime have each been sentenced to 65 years in jail , prompting strong protests from human rights campaigners .
Five of the defendants were women .
The campaigners were all members of the 88 Generation Students Group , a prominent pro-democracy organisation whose members were involved in a 1988 uprising against the junta that was crushed with the deaths of at least 3,000 people .
Jailed and released after lengthy sentences , the activists last year returned again to rally the Burmese people after the regime raised the prices of fuel and transport , leaving millions of ordinary citizens despairing .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Relatives of those jailed by a court operating inside Rangoon 's Insein jail , one of the world 's most notorious prisons , said the sentences had been handed down yesterday morning .
" I heard from sources close to the prison that my son and thirteen others were given 65 - year prison sentences this morning in a closed - door trial , " Nyunt Nyunt Oo , mother of 31 - year - old Pandeik Tun , one of the 14 , told the Associated Press .
" No family members or defence lawyers were present at the trial . "
The sentences are just the latest in a series of moves taken by the regime to further crack down on dissent in Burma .
On Monday , a court also operating in the jail sentenced 28 - year - old blogger Nay Phone Latt to 20 years imprisonment after he published a cartoon of senior general Than Shwe .
The court also jailed for two years a dissident poet , Saw Wai , who printed a series of verses , the first line of each spelled out the message " Than Shwe is foolish with power " .
The poem had been printed in the weekly poetry magazine Love Journal .
Three defence lawyers have also been jailed after complaining of unfair treatment meted out to their clients .
Meanwhile , nine other senior members of the 88 Generation Students who are facing various similar charges as those activists who were jailed were recently given six months sentences for interrupting judicial proceedings during their closed trial .
Campaigners say the crackdown against dissent defies demands by the UN in the aftermath of the massive democracy uprising last year that the regime release political prisoners , including opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi .
Instead , they say , up to 2,100 such prisoners are now behind bars - double the number than before September 's demonstrations that involved thousands of the country 's Buddhist monks .
" The UN Security Council said the regime must release political prisoners , " said Nang Seng of the Burma Campaign UK .
" Instead the regime has arrested a thousand more people , and is now jailing them for life .
The regime is defying the Security Council .
The council must respond . "
Many of those sentenced played prominent roles in demonstrations that preceded last September 's mass demonstrations .
Several weeks before tens of thousands of people and saffron - robed monks poured onto the streets of Burma 's largest cities , the activists had organised much smaller rallies in Rangoon that were quickly broken up by the authorities .
Among the activists were Kyaw Min Yu , also known as Jimmy , and his wife Nilar Thein .
Nilar
Thein , who was forced to abandon her newborn daughter and go in to hiding , only to be arrested two months ago , was also among those jailed .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Nyunt Nyunt
Oo said his son and others were sentenced under various charges including the so - called 5/96 law that declares that anyone who demonstrates , makes speeches or writes statements undermining stability can be jailed for up to 20 years .
She said the other charges involved the Video Act , the Foreign Exchange act , the Electronics Act and links with illegal groups .
Asked if she is going to appeal , she said : " I do n't think any effort will make a difference because the judgment is one - sided and this was what the authorities had decided to do . "
Citigroup Collapses !
Global Banking System Shutdown Possible
It pains me deeply to announce that , despite the massive government rescue , yesterday 's collapse of Citigroup could ultimately lead to a shutdown of the global banking system .
For many years , I hoped this would never happen , and I thought we might be able to avoid it .
Indeed , that 's why , my firm , Weiss Research , first began rating the safety of the nation 's banks in the early 1980s , and why I later founded Weiss Ratings , a separate subsidiary dedicated exclusively to safety ratings — on thousands of banks , insurance companies , brokerage firms , mutual funds and stocks .
I subsequently sold the Weiss Ratings subsidiary to Jim Cramer 's organization , TheStreet.com ; and today , my former company is called TheStreet.com Ratings .
I continue to own and run Weiss Research , Inc. , the publisher of Money and Markets .
Moreover , Weiss Research continues to review all financial institutions for their safety ; and to support that effort , we acquire TheStreet.com 's ratings and data for our analysts .
For you , the benefit is that you can now get these independent and accurate ratings for free on the Internet .
Plus , you can check our free updated lists of the strongest and weakest bank and insurance companies on our Money and Markets website .
My philosophy was that , to find safety , your primary task was to identify the weak institutions , move your money to the strong ones , and then monitor them periodically to make sure your money was still safe .
If all of us — savers , investors , bankers and banking regulators — used this kind of objective data to make rational , informed decisions , we would reward the safest institutions and help prevent the growth of the riskiest .
Not only would we be safer individually , but our banking system as a whole would be more solid .
Unfortunately , however , that 's not how history has unfolded .
Few people were interested in bank ratings ; they blindly assumed all banks were safe .
And over the years , regulators have followed a parallel path .
Rather than proactively restrict or shut down the weakest , large institutions , they have encouraged their massive growth , making it very difficult for the smaller , safer institutions to compete .
More recently , in the wake of the biggest financial failures in history — Bear Stearns , Lehman Brothers , Washington Mutual , Wachovia and others — rather than liquidate the failed firms ' bad assets , the authorities have been engineering shotgun mergers .
The end result is that they have been sweeping most of the bad assets under the carpet of larger banks like Bank of America , Citigroup , and JPMorgan Chase , each of which already had abundant bad assets of its own .
Adding insult to injury , Treasury Secretary Paulson 's decision this month — not to buy up the bad assets from many of these banks — has only heightened this concern .
Rather than dispose of the toxic waste , the regulators have been rolling up the garbage to the larger banks .
And now , here we are , nearing the end of the road with the largest banks of all endangered and with no larger bank that can swallow them up .
It 's a day of reckoning that leaves me no choice but to issue this three - part warning :
Despite the U.S. government 's massive Citigroup bailout , it is going to be difficult for the global banking system to survive the shock to confidence for very long .
Even if insured depositors do not pull out their funds , uninsured institutional investors are likely to run with their money , threatening to bring the system down .
And alas , even if you have your money in a safe bank with full FDIC coverage , you could be adversely impacted .
How will the events unfold ?
That 's a massively complex question that demands an extremely cautious and thoughtful answer .
That 's why , this past August , we devoted a full hour to this question in our “ X ” List video , naming the most likely candidates for bankruptcy .
So let me review its primary conclusions and then take this discussion to the next level .
Most prominent on our August “ X ” List was Citigroup , America 's second largest banking conglomerate with over $ 2 trillion in total assets .
The bank was already suffering crushing losses in mortgages .
But at mid-year , it still had close to $ 200 billion in other mortgages on its books , denoting the strong possibility of many more to come .
In addition , Citigroup had a massive portfolio of credit cards — 185 million accounts worldwide — that we felt could be the final nail in its coffin .
Even before the most recent episode of the global financial crisis , Citigroup 's losses on bad credit cards had surged by 67 % from a year earlier .
Worse , the number of credit cards 90 days past due was going through the roof , foreshadowing more large losses on the way .
All of these weaknesses were detailed in Citigroup 's financial statements .
Not detailed , however , was …
The Highly Dangerous Derivatives
Derivatives are bets made mostly with borrowed money .
They are bets on interest rates , bets on foreign currencies , bets on stocks , bets on corporate failures , even bets on bets .
The bets are placed by banks with each other , banks with brokerage firms , brokers with hedge funds , hedge funds with banks , and more .
They are often high risk .
And they are huge .
According to the U.S. Comptroller of the Currency ( OCC ) , on June 30 , 2008 , U.S. commercial banks held $ 182.1 trillion in notional value ( face value ) derivatives .
1 And , according to the Bank of International Settlements ( BIS ) , which produced a tally six months earlier for the entire world , the global pile - up of derivatives , including institutions in the U.S. , Europe and Asia , was more than three times larger — $ 596 trillion .
2
That was ten times the gross domestic product of the entire planet … more than 40 times the total amount of mortgages outstanding in the United States … nearly 60 times greater than the already - huge U.S. national debt .
Defenders of derivatives claim that these giant numbers overstate the risk .
They argue that most players hedge their bets and do n't have nearly that much money at stake .
True .
But that is n't the primary risk these players are taking .
To better understand how all this works , consider a gambler who goes to Las Vegas .
He wants to try his luck on the roulette wheel , but he also wants to play it safe .
So instead of betting on a few random numbers , he places some bets on the red , some on the black ; or some on the even and some on the odd .
He rarely wins more than a fraction of what he 's betting , but he rarely loses more than a fraction either .
That 's similar to what banks like Citigroup do with derivatives , except for a couple of key differences :
Difference # 1 . They do n't bet against the house .
In fact , there is no house to bet against .
Instead , they bet against the equivalent of other players around the table .
Difference # 2 . Although they do balance their bets , they do not necessarily do so with the same player .
So back to the roulette metaphor , if Citigroup bets on the red against one player , it may bet on the black against another player .
Overall , its bets are balanced and hedged .
But with each individual player , they 're not balanced at all .
Difference # 3 .
As I said , the amounts are huge — millions of times larger than all of the casinos of the world put together .
Now , here are the urgent questions that , as of today , remain largely unanswered :
Question # 1 . What happens if there is an unexpected collapse ?
Question # 2 . What happens if that collapse is so severe it drives some of the key players into bankruptcy ?
Question # 3 . Most important , what happens if these players can't pay up on their gambling debts ?
This is the question I have asked here in Money and Markets month after month .
Almost everyone said it was far - fetched , that I was overstating the risk .
Yet , each of the hypothetical events I cited in the above three questions have now taken place in 2008 .
First , we witnessed the unexpected collapse of the largest credit market in the world 's largest economy — the U.S. mortgage market .
Second , we witnessed the bankruptcy or near - bankruptcy of three key players in the derivatives market — Bear Stearns , Lehman Brothers and Wachovia Bank .
Third , we also got the first answers to the last question :
We saw the threat of a major , systemic meltdown in the entire global banking system .
What Is a Banking Meltdown And Why Is it Possible ?
On October 11 , 2008 , a single statement hit the international wire services that provides more specific clues :
“ Intensifying solvency concerns about a number of the largest U.S. - based and European financial institutions have pushed the global financial system to the brink of systemic meltdown . ”
This statement was not the random rant of a gloom - and - doomer on the fringe of society .
Nor was it excerpted from a twentieth century history book about the Great Depression .
It was the serious , objective assessment announced at a Washington , D.C. press conference by the Managing Director of the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) .
The unmistakable implication :
So many of the world 's largest banks were so close to bankruptcy , the entire banking system was vulnerable to a massive collapse .
The primary underlying cause : Derivatives .
The Mafia knows all about systemic meltdowns of gambling networks .
In the numbers racket , for example , players place their bets through a bookie , who , in turn is part of an intricate network of bookies .
Most of the time , the system works .
But if just one big player fails to pay bookie A , that bookie might be forced to renege on bookie B , who , in turn stiffs bookie C , causing a chain reaction of payment failures .
The bookies go bankrupt .
The losers lose .
And even the winners get nothing .
Worst of all , players counting on winnings from one side of their bets to cover losses in offsetting bets are also wiped out .
The whole network crumbles — a systemic meltdown .
To avert this kind of a disaster , the Mafia henchmen know exactly what they have to do , and they do it swiftly :
If a gambler fails to pay once , he could find himself with broken bones in a dark alley ; twice , and he could wind up in cement boots at the bottom of the East River .
Unlike the Mafia , established stock and commodity exchanges , like the NYSE and the Chicago Board of Trade , are entirely legal .
But like the Mafia , they understand these dangers and have strict enforcement procedures to prevent them .
When you want to purchase 100 shares of Microsoft , for example , you never buy directly from the seller .
You must always go through a brokerage firm , which , in turn is a member in good standing of the exchange .
The brokerage firm must keep close tabs on all its customers , and the exchange keeps close track of all its member firms .
If you can't come up with the money to pay for your shares , the broker is required to promptly liquidate your securities , literally kicking you out of the game .
And if the brokerage firm as a whole runs into financial trouble , it meets a similar fate with the exchange .
Very , very swiftly !
Here 's the key :
For the most part , the global derivatives market has no brokerage , no exchange , and no equivalent enforcement mechanism .
In fact , among the $ 181.2 trillion in derivative bets held by U.S. banks at mid-year 2008 , only $ 8.2 trillion , or 4.5 % , was regulated by an exchange .
The balance — $ 173.9 trillion , or 95.5 % — was bets placed directly between buyer and seller ( called “ over the counter ” ) .
And among the $ 596 trillion in global derivatives tracked by the BIS at year - end 2007 , 100 % were over the counter .
No exchanges .
No overarching enforcement mechanism .
This is not just a matter of weak or non-existent regulation .
It 's far worse .
It 's the equivalent of an undisciplined conglomeration of players gambling on the streets without even a casino to maintain order .
Moreover , the data compiled by the OCC and BIS showed that the bets were so large and the gambling so far beyond the reach of regulators , all it would take was the bankruptcy of one of the lesser derivatives players — such as Lehman Brothers — to throw the world 's credit markets into paralysis .
That 's why the world 's highest banking officials were so panicked when Lehman Brothers failed in the fall of 2008 .
As the IMF managing director himself admitted , the threat was not stemming from just one bank in trouble ; it was from many ; and those banks were n't lesser players ; they were among the largest in the world .
Which U.S. banks placed the biggest bets ?
Based on mid-year 2008 data , the OCC provided some answers :
Citibank N.A. , the primary banking unit of Citigroup , held $ 37.1 trillion in derivative bets .
Moreover , only 1.7 % of those bets were under the purview of any exchange .
The balance — 98.3 % — was direct , one - on - one bets with their trading partners outside of any exchange .
Bank of America was a somewhat bigger player , holding $ 39.7 trillion in derivative bets , with 93.4 % traded outside of any exchange .
But JPMorgan
Chase was , by far , the biggest of them all , towering over the U.S. derivatives market with more than double BofA 's book of bets — $ 91.3 trillion worth .
This meant that JPMorgan Chase controlled half of all derivatives in the U.S. banking system — a virtual monopoly that tied the firm 's finances with the fate of the U.S. economy far beyond anything ever witnessed in modern history .
Meanwhile , $ 87.3 trillion , or 95.7 % of Morgan 's derivatives , were outside the purview of any exchange .
One bank !
Making bets of unknown nature and risk !
Involving a dollar amount equivalent to six years of the total production of the entire U.S. economy !
In contrast , Lehman Brothers , whose failure caused such a large earthquake in the global financial system , was actually small by comparison — with “ only ” $ 7.1 trillion in derivatives .
The potential havoc that might be caused by a Citigroup failure , with bets that involve five times more money than Lehman 's — and the financial holocaust that might be caused by a JPMorgan failure with close to 13 times more than Lehman — boggles the imagination .
How bad could it actually be ?
No one knows , and therein lies one of the primary dangers .
In the absence of oversight , the regulators simply do not collect the needed who - when - what information on these bets .
In an attempt to throw some light on this dark - but - explosive scene , the OCC uses a formula for estimating how much risk each major bank is exposed to in just the one particular aspect I cited a moment ago — the risk that some of its trading partners might default and fail to pay up on their gambling debts .
Bear in mind :
We still do n't now how much they are risking on market moves against them .
All the OCC is estimating is how much they 're risking by making bets with potentially shaky betting partners , regardless of the outcome on each bet — win , lose or draw .
At Bank of America , the OCC calculated that , at mid-year , the bank was exposed to the tune of 194.3 % of its capital .
In other words , for every $ 1 of capital in the kitty , BofA was risking $ 1.94 cents strictly on the promises made by its betting partners .
If about half of its betting partners defaulted , the bank 's capital would be wiped out and it would be bankrupt .
And remember :
This was in addition to the risk that the market might go the wrong way , and on top of the risk it was taking with its other investments and loans ,
At Citibank , the risk was even greater : $ 2.58 cents in exposure per dollar of capital .
And if you think that 's risky , consider JPMorgan Chase .
Not only was it the largest player , but , among the big three U.S. derivatives players , it also had the largest default exposure :
For every dollar of capital , the bank was risking $ 4.30 on the credit of its betting partners .
This is why JPMorgan was so anxious to step in and grab up outstanding trades left hanging after the fall of Bear Stearns and Lehman Brothers :
It could not afford to let those trades turn to dust .
If it did , it would be the first and biggest victim of a chain reaction of failures that could explode all over the world .
This is why super - investor Warren Buffett once called derivatives “ financial weapons of mass destruction . ”
This is why the top leaders of the world 's richest countries panicked after Lehman Brothers failed , dumping their time - honored , hands - off policy like a hot potato , jumping in to buy up shares in the world 's largest banks , and transforming the world of banking literally overnight .
This is also why you must now do more than just find a strong bank .
You also must find a safe place that has the highest probability of being immune to these risks .
The reason :
As I warned at the outset , at some point in the not - too - distant future , governments around the world may have no other choice but to declare a global banking holiday — a shutdown of nearly every bank in the world , regardless of size , country , or financial condition .
What could happen in the banking holiday ?
In the past , we 've seen some financial shutdowns that eventually helped resolve the crisis .
And we 've seen others that only made it worse .
Often , savers are forced to leave their money on deposit , giving up a substantial portion of their interest income for many years .
And , in other cases , the only way they can get their money back sooner is by accepting an immediate loss of principal .
But no matter how it 's resolved , when banks have made big blunders and suffered large losses , it 's the multitude of savers that are invariably asked to make the biggest sacrifices and pay the biggest price .
No one else has the money .
Are Bank Runs and National Shutdowns Really Possible in Today 's Modern Era ?
Most observers think not .
“ If deposits are insured , ” they ask , “ why would anyone want to pull them out ? ”
The reason : Most bank runs are not caused by insured depositors .
They 're caused by the exodus of large , uninsured institutions who are usually the first to run for cover at the earliest hint of trouble .
That 's the main reason Washington Mutual , America 's largest savings and loan , lost over $ 16 billion in deposits in its final eight days in 2008 .
That 's also a major reason Wachovia Bank was forced to agree to a shotgun merger soon thereafter .
During the many banking failures of the 1980s and 1990s , the story was similar :
We rarely saw a run on the bank by individuals .
Rather , it was uninsured institutional investors — banks , pension funds and others — that jumped ship long before most people even realized the ship was sinking .
They 're the ones who hammered the last nail in the coffin of big savings and loans , banks and insurance companies that failed .
How Long Would a Global Banking Shutdown Last ?
How Would It All Be Sorted Out ?
No one can say with certainty .
But based on other banking holidays in modern history , it 's safe to conclude that it could last for quite some time and cause severe hardship for hundreds of millions of savers around the world .
The first and most obvious hardship is that you could be denied immediate access to most or all of your money for an indefinite period .
What about government agency guarantees like FDIC insurance ?
A large proportion of those guarantees , unfortunately , would have to be suspended in order to give banking regulators the time they need to sort out the mess .
It is simply not reasonable to expect that governments will have the resources to immediately meet the demands of thousands of institutions and millions of individuals if they all want their money back at roughly the same time .
“ Your money is still safely guaranteed , ” banking officials will declare .
“ You just can't have it now . ”
The second and more long - lasting hardship is the possibility that , by the time you do regain access to your money , you will suffer losses .
In this scenario , the government would likely create a rehabilitation program for the nation 's weakest banks , giving depositors two choices :
Opt in to the program by leaving your funds on deposit at your bank for an extended period of time , earning below - market interest rates .
The bank is then allowed to use the extra interest to recoup its losses over time — income that , by rights , should have been yours .
to the program by leaving your funds on deposit at your bank for an extended period of time , earning below - market interest rates .
The bank is then allowed to use the extra interest to recoup its losses over time — income that , by rights , should have been yours .
Opt out of the program and withdraw your funds immediately , accepting a loss that approximately corresponds to the actual losses in the bank 's investment and loan portfolio .
Needless to say , neither the opt in nor the opt out choice is a good one :
If you opt in , you take the chance that the government 's rehab program may not work on the first attempt and that it will be replaced by another , even tougher program in the future .
Moreover , even if it works out as planned , you will suffer a continuing loss of income and access to your cash over an extended period of time .
If you opt out , instead of lost income , you suffer an immediate loss of principal .
Moreover , in order to discourage savers from opting out , the government would typically structure the program so that everyone demanding immediate reimbursement suffers an additional penalty .
Again you ask , “ What about government guarantees ? ”
By rights , in a fair plan , insured depositors would suffer less severely than uninsured depositors .
And if the plan is structured properly , those in strong banks should come out whole , or almost whole , while those in weaker banks should suffer the larger losses .
That 's how it should be handled .
But there 's no guarantee that 's how it will be handled .
To avoid all of these risks , I recommend seriously considering moving ( a ) nearly all of your bank deposits and accounts , plus ( b ) a modest portion of the money you currently have invested in securities to the safest and most liquid place for your money in the modern world :
Short - Term U.S. Treasury Securities
True safety has two elements .
The first is capital conservation — no losses , no reduction in your principal .
But it 's the second element that most people miss : Liquidity — the ability to get a hold of your money and actually use it whenever you want to , without waiting , penalties , bottlenecks , shutdowns or disasters of any kind standing in your way .
Absolute perfection is not possible .
But on both of those aspects — capital conservation and liquidity — the single investment in the world that 's at the top of the charts is short - term U.S. Treasury securities .
These enjoy the best , most direct , and most reliable guarantee of the U.S. government , over and above any other guarantees or promises they may have made in the past , or will make in the future .
I know you have questions .
So let me do my best to anticipate them and answer them right here .
Question # 1 . You might ask : “ The FDIC is also backed by the U.S. government .
So if I have money in an FDIC - guaranteed account at my bank , what 's the difference ?
Why should I accept a lower yield on a government - guaranteed 3 - month Treasury bill when I can get a higher yield on a government - guaranteed 3 - month CD ? ”
Without realizing it , you 've answered your own question .
If the yield is higher on the bank CDs , that can mean only one thing — that , according to the collective wisdom of millions of investors and thousands of institutions in the market , the risk is also higher .
Otherwise , why would the bank have to pay so much more to attract your money ?
Likewise , how can the U.S. Treasury get away with paying so much less and still have interested buyers for its securities ?
It 's because the risk is higher for CDs , but much lower for Treasury securities .
It 's because even within the realm of government guarantees , there 's a pecking order .
The first - priority guarantee : Maturing securities that were issued by the U.S. Treasury department itself .
Maturing securities that were issued by the U.S. Treasury department itself .
The second - priority guarantee : Maturing securities that were issued by other government agencies , such as Ginnie Mae .
Maturing securities that were issued by other government agencies , such as Ginnie Mae .
Third : The Treasury 's backing of the FDIC .
This is not to say the Treasury is not standing fully behind the FDIC .
Rather my point is that , in the event of serious financial pressures on the government , the FDIC and FDIC guaranteed deposits will not be the first in line .
Question # 2 . You might also ask : “ Is n't the United States government also having its own share of financial difficulties with huge budget deficits ?
If those difficulties could get a lot worse , why should I trust the government any more than I trust other investments ?
Why should I loan my money to Uncle Sam ? ”
The United States is the world 's largest economy , with the most active financial markets and the strongest military in the world .
Despite Uncle Sam 's financial difficulties , this has never been in doubt ; and even in a financial crisis , that 's unlikely to change because the crisis is global .
So its immediate impact on the finances of other governments is likely to be at least as severe .
More importantly , the United States government 's borrowing power — its ability to continue tapping the open market for cash — is , by far , it 's most precious asset , more valuable than the White House and all public properties ; even more valuable than all the gold in Fort Knox .
Those assets are like Uncle Sam 's home , land and pocket change .
His borrowing power , in contrast , is like the air he breathes to stay alive .
Remember : The U.S. Treasury Department is directly responsible for feeding money to the utmost , mission - critical operations of this country , including defense , homeland security , and emergency response .
The Treasury will do whatever it takes to continue providing that funding , and that means making sure they never default on their maturing Treasury securities .
Even in the 1930s , when a record number of Americans were unemployed , and when we had a head - spinning wave of bank failures , owners of Treasury bills never lost a penny .
Even in the Civil War , Treasuries were safe .
Investors financed 65 percent of the Union 's war costs by buying Treasury securities .
But the war was far worse than those investors had anticipated , leaving over half of the entire economy in shambles , raising serious concerns among those investors .
However , the U.S. government made the repayment of its maturing Treasuries it 's number one priority over all other wartime obligations .
Investors got back every single penny , and more .
My main point is this :
The crisis ahead will not be nearly as severe as the war that tore our nation apart .
If Treasury securities were safe then , we have no reason to doubt they will be safe today .
Unfortunately , however , I cannot say the same for all of the money you 've entrusted to a bank .
Question # 3 . “ Suppose there 's a bank holiday and I need to cash in my Treasury bills .
Since the Treasury Department and the Treasury - only money market funds use banks for transfers , wo n't I be locked out of my money too ? ”
We actually have a real precedent for a similar situation .
In Rhode Island in 1991 , when the governor declared a state - wide bank holiday , all the state - chartered savings banks were closed down .
Every single citizen with money in one of those banks was locked out .
At the time , one of our Safe Money Report subscribers happened to have a checking account in one of the closed Rhode Island banks .
Thankfully , he had almost all of his money at the Treasury Department in Treasury bills , so his money was safe .
But he called and asked : “ The Treasury is set to wire the money straight into my bank account , which is frozen .
Will the money the Treasury wires me get frozen too ? ”
In response , I told him to check his post office mailbox .
Instead of wiring his funds , the Treasury had taken the extraordinary measure of cutting hard checks and mailing them out immediately .
They wanted to make absolutely sure he got his money without any delay .
The moral of this story is that , even in a worst - case banking scenario , the Treasury will do whatever is necessary to get your money .
We can't forecast exactly how .
But they will probably send you hard Treasury checks .
And they 'll probably designate special bank offices in every city in every state where you can cash them in .
Ditto for Treasury - only money market funds .
Question # 4 . “ Throughout history , many governments have defaulted on their debts in a more subtle way — by devaluing their currency .
Why are you recommending Treasury bills , which are denominated purely in dollars , if one of the consequences of this disaster could be a decline in the dollar ? ”
The trend today is toward deflation , which means a stronger dollar .
But even if that changes , the solution will not be to abandon the safety and liquidity of Treasury bills .
It will be to separately set some money aside and buy hedges against inflation , like gold or strong foreign currencies that tend to go up in value when the dollar falls .
How to Buy Treasuries
For funds that you do not need immediate access to on a daily basis , consider the U.S. Government 's Treasury Direct program .
They offer a variety of choices , but I recommend you use strictly the 13 - week ( 3 - month ) Treasury bills .
Meanwhile , for most of your personal or business , savings or checking , you do n't need a bank , an S&L or any other financial institution .
All you need is a money market fund that invests in short - term U.S. Treasury bills or equivalent .
The Treasuries it buys enjoy the same U.S. government guarantee as Treasuries bought through any other venue .
So deposit insurance is simply not an issue .
Moreover , the Treasury - only money fund gives you the additional advantage of immediate availability of your money .
You can have your funds wired to your local bank overnight .
Or you can even write checks against it , much as you 'd write checks against any bank checking account .
For my family and business money , we use the Weiss Treasury Only Money Market Fund .
Plus we also use the fund that was founded by James Benham , a good friend of my father's .
That 's Capital Preservation Fund , which Jim sold to the American Century family of funds .
Use either of these or your choice of the fund in the list below .
Good luck and God bless !
Martin
Correction :
In yesterday 's edition , I incorrectly stated that Wachovia was bought by JPMorgan Chase .
The failed bank purchased by JPMorgan Chase was Washington Mutual .
The buyer of Wachovia is Wells Fargo .
1 OCC's Quarterly Report on Bank Trading and Derivatives Activities , Second Quarter 2008 , http://www.occ.treas.gov/ftp/release/2008-115a.pdf , page 1 .
2 Bank for International Settlements , Semiannual OTC derivatives statistics at end -December 2007 , http://www.bis.org/statistics/otcder/dt1920a.pdf
This investment news is brought to you by Money and Markets .
Money and Markets is a free daily investment newsletter from Martin D. Weiss and Weiss Research analysts offering the latest investing news and financial insights for the stock market , including tips and advice on investing in gold , energy and oil .
Dr. Weiss is a leader in the fields of investing , interest rates , financial safety and economic forecasting .
To view archives or subscribe , visit http://www.moneyandmarkets.com .
Money and Markets Archive
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
Comments
Dave Wyant
25 Nov 08 , 15:56 correction
Great article .
Not sure you closed the loop on the cascade after the bail out but you have gone where few dare to go as it relates to the size and scope of the otc derivative problem and the specific banks that hold them .
Also , I do n't recommend any treasury instruments as it is the equivilent of buying a debt instrument with another debt instrument and I look for a downgrading of all US backed debt as a direct result of the mismanagement of the crisis in general .
I say get to gold and silver maybe euros or yen so you can come back out after the collapse and get in with the devaluation of the currency .
dpscll
26 Nov 08 , 10:21 Quelling the Fear
Martin has been warning of this for some time now .
The Bush and Obama PPT teams will continue to parade before the cameras everytime the market has a bad day to attempt to quell the rising fears in the public sentiment .
But is n't that what our leaders are suppose to do ?
The last thing they need is mass panic .
Unfornunately , they are out of options and the bleeding must continue .
Buy gold while you still can because there are rumblings of a revaluation of the dollar in the not - to - distant future once they are able to get the G20 on board .
By Natalia Antelava
BBC News , Byblos , Lebanon
Hundreds of Lebanese watched The Rise of the Phoenix musical
On the brightly lit stage dancers in colourful costumes twist and swirl in dizzying moves .
Beirut 's main theatre is packed : Lebanese have come in hundreds for the premiere of a play that explores parallels between them and the Phoenicians - the ancient people who once inhabited their land .
The musical called " The Rise of Phoenix " is about defying hardships and the ability of a nation to rise from its own ashes .
But it is also a criticism of the lack of unity which led to the fall of the Phoenicians , and which is part of Lebanon 's political reality today .
" We inherited that Phoenician mentality , " says Osama Rahbani , one of the creators of the play .
" The Phoenicians were good businessmen , but they were selfish , they were not united .
I think the main point of the play is to remind the people that we must learn from our own history , " Mr Rahbani says .
Enigmatic civilization
But in Lebanon history has always been a source of contention - even when it came to something as ancient as the country 's Phoenician heritage .
In the first millennium BC , Phoenicians , enterprising seafarers from the territory of the modern day Lebanon , established their trading empire .
From their base , they spread across the Mediterranean founding colonies and trading posts along its shores .
Described by historians as the " worlds first capitalists " the Phoenicians controlled the Mediterranean for nearly 1,000 years , until they were finally conquered by the Romans .
Nabil says he would be " very proud to be a Phoenician " Today they are among the most enigmatic of ancient civilizations , history knows very little about them and most of their legacy has long been lost .
But during the civil war in Lebanon , Christians and Muslims often disputed their Phoenician roots , each claiming they were the true descendants .
Now science has put this argument to rest .
The genetics lab at the Lebanese American University is part of the multimillion dollar Genographic Project that uses genetics to map out human migration .
In Lebanon , geneticists led by Dr Pierre Zalloua have managed to identify the Phoenician gene .
" The Phoenicians were here three thousand years ago and we were not at all sure whether we would be able to find out any genetic remains of their civilization .
I think the fact that we did is amazing , " says Dr Zalloua .
' Identical '
Dr Zalloua and his team studied DNA data from more than 6,000 men across the Mediterranean , and used a new analytical technique to detect the genetic imprint of historical migrations .
The Lebanese have been particularly enthusiastic about the project , with dozens still queuing up every day to have their DNA tested .
Many , it seems , are hoping to discover their Phoenician ancestry .
" I will be more than happy to have Phoenician roots , " says Nabil , a student as he waits for his turn to give blood for the test .
Dr Zalloua says the project 's discovery is a " truly unifying message " " Phoenicians started the civilization , they are the ones who invented the alphabet , I would be very proud to be a Phoenician , " he adds .
There is a good chance that Nabil is of Phoenician descent - the study has revealed that while one in 17 people across the Mediterranean carry the Phoenician gene , in Lebanon almost a third of the population have Phoenician roots .
Dr Zalloua says in Lebanon the Phoenician signature is distributed equally among different groups and that the overall genetic make - up of the Lebanese is proving to be similar across various backgrounds .
" Whether you take a Christian village in the north of Lebanon or a Muslim village in the south , the DNA make - up of its residents is likely to be identical , " says Dr Zalloua .
" I think it 's a truly unifying message , and for me its very gratifying .
Lebanon has been hammered by so many divides , and now a piece of heritage has been unravelled in this project which reminds us that maybe we should forget about differences and pay attention to our common heritage , " says Dr Zalloua .
Just a stroll down from Dr Zalloua 's genetic lab , the Mediterranean Sea shimmers in the evening sun , its waves splashing over the ancient harbour of Byblos .
Today the citadels and towers of Byblos are the monuments to Lebanon 's long - lost past .
It was from here that the Phoenicians sent their ships across the Mediterranean .
More than three thousand years on , children play along the modern boardwalk under the citadel the Phoenicians once built .
Next to them , a young couple lock in embrace and watch how the sliding sun paints the sea red .
Their country , split along religious lines , war torn and politically unstable is a long way away from the unity it so desperately needs .
But while the divisions and disputes may be part of life here , the common past uncovered by science is a precious reminder of just how much the Lebanese share .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The British ambassador reveals what the defeated presidential candidate really thinks of his running mate
So now we know what John McCain really thinks of his running mate Sarah Palin – and that 's not just because of the awkward body language between them during his concession speech in Phoenix , Arizona .
An exasperated McCain has been telling friends in recent weeks that Palin is even more trouble than a pitbull .
In one joke doing the rounds , the Republican presidential candidate has been asking friends : what is the difference between Sarah Palin and a pitbull ?
The friendly canine eventually lets go , is the McCain punchline .
McCain 's joke is a skit on Palin 's most famous line after she was picked as his surprise running mate .
Palin delighted the Republican base when she said the only difference between a pitbull and a hockey mom was lipstick .
We owe the new glimpse into the tense McCain / Palin relationship to Sir Nigel Sheinwald , the British ambassador to Washington .
Sheinwald recently wrote a lengthy assessment of McCain in a telegram that winged its way across the Atlantic to Whitehall .
The jaws of senior mandarins dropped when they read Sheinwald 's account of McCain 's thoughts on Palin which the ambassador reportedly picked up from a military friend of McCain's .
The telegram was restricted to an even smaller group of people than usual for fear of another embarrassing leak .
" We took one look at this and hid it away , " one Whitehall source said .
Mandarins wanted to avoid a repeat of last month 's embarrassing leak of Sheinwald 's private thoughts on Barack Obama .
My friend and colleague Ben Brogan reports that Sheinwald will be a nervous man today because those private thoughts got out .
In a memo to Gordon Brown , Sheinwald described Obama as a " decidedly liberal " man who " got diverted by his presidential ambitions " .
Senior figures on both sides of the House of Commons are wondering how long Sheinwald can last in Washington because he is unlikely to be able to carry out the great Jonathan Powell instruction that a British ambassador should " get up the arse of the White House and stay there " .
7.20 pm update ...
The British Embassy said : " Nigel Sheinwald has not passed on any such anecdote about Senator McCain and Governor Palin .
In fact he 's had very warm relations with both parties throughout the election . "
The R - value for a 2× 4 pine wall stud in a wood frame constructed residence is about 4.38 .
The R -value for the fiberglass batt insulation that fills the cavity between the wall studs is between 11 and 15 ( source ) .
In an exterior wall that ’s constructed with studs at 16 inches on center , that means that roughly 9 % of the wall has an R value that ’s less than half that of the insulation .
It also illustrates why green buildings are not necessarily going to be constructed of all - natural , renewable materials .
Sometimes the natural materials just are n’t as good .
While the American Chemical Society Chemical and Engineering News story linked above occasionally reads like a product brochure for Dow Chemical , BASF , 3M , et al , it provides some interesting information .
The article proposes that buildings that last , need minimal maintenance , are energy efficient are the greenest buildings , especially with the inclusion of high tech products manufactured using green chemistry .
Obviously , if you ’re going to lose significant heat through the natural pine wall studs , then an argument could be made that the natural solution ( softwood studs ) is n’t necessarily “ green . ”
But maybe replacing standard gypsum wallboard and external plywood siding with structural polyurethane panels is enough to compensate for the losses due to the studs .
The trick with polyurethane foam panels , according to the article , is to find some that are expanded with air instead of fluorocarbons ( which are powerful greenhouse gases and can leak from the panels over time ) .
The article describes a number of other interesting new technologies .
Small wax capsules embedded in flooring and wall panels are being used to help reduce temperature variability in offices .
As the building heats up during , the wax eventually starts to melt , absorbing a significant energy as it changes phase from solid to liquid .
In the evenings , the wax capsules gradually release their energy back into the building as the wax re-solidifies .
These phase changes reduce the amount of cooling ( and heating ) that the building ’s HVAC system must produce .
And a form of voltage - controlled window shading that is coated on the window glass itself enables a simple controller to adjust how much light penetrates the building ’s interior , from nearly all of the sunlight to as little as 2 % .
But while it ’s hardly as “ sexy ” as new green buildings , the most important green building is not the new home made with structural polyurethane panels , wax capsule wallboard , and so on – it ’s the building being retrofit from an energy waster to a highly energy efficient structure .
As the article points out , little of the building is thrown away and a building that used to throw away energy does n’t any more .
Perhaps the most important point made in the entire CEN article was made by green homeowner Jean Merritt in the second paragraph : “ There was a lot of disagreement within the community about what is green .
You have to sift through people ’s motivation .
Are they just trying to sell you a product ? ”
Given all the times that specific chemical companies and their products were mentioned in this article , that ’s a reasonable question to ask of Chemical and Engineering News too .
— — —-
Skeptic Magazine ’s blog debunks Global Warming Petition Project
Michael Shermer founded and publishes Skeptic Magazine , has written 11 books , and writes a column for Scientific American , the magazine where I first encountered his work .
Skeptic also publishes an online enewsletter known as eSkeptic , and on November 12 , eSkeptic ran a guest post by Gary J. Whittenberger Ph.D. titled Misleading by Petition – Just What is the Consensus on Global Warming ?.
In it , Whittenberger disassembles one of the memes that came out earlier this year from the denier camp , namely that an online petition signed by over 30,000 so - called scientists could possibly disrupt the claim that the experts nearly all agree that climate disruption is largely driven by human emissions of carbon dioxide ( CO 2 ) .
The petition in question is known as the Global Warming Petition Project , and it is organized by the Oregon Institute of Science and Medicine , a group out of rural Oregon that has ties to global warming denier groups and , through its support of home schooling , a number of conservative Christian and Catholic groups as well .
The website claims that the petition “ signed by over 31,000 American scientists . ”
But what Whittenberger found is that this is hardly the case .
As he says in the eSkeptic piece :
[ OISM principle Arthur Robinson ] even seems to think that persons with Bachelors degrees in mathematics and engineering are relevant and qualified experts on the issue .
This seems to make about as much sense as considering electricians to be experts on plumbing because they have certificates from trade school just as plumbers do .
As someone who has spent some time investigating the OISM myself , I have to agree with Whittenberger ’s conclusions – that the OISM ’s petition “ solicited the opinions of the wrong group of people in the wrong way and drawn the wrong conclusions ” .
Similarly , any climate disruption skeptic or denier who relies on this petition to prove their point is relying on the wrong source .
h/t : Mike “ Random ” Pecaut
— — —-
UNESCO ’s aquifer map a guide to future water conflict ?
Water is a dwindling resource .
Glaciers are melting .
Droughts are becoming more common and harsher .
And an increasing global population is stressing what water remains more and more .
And so water conflicts are expected to increase in both frequency and severity .
A few weeks ago , UNESCO released a global map that shows all the major aquifers and sources of groundwater and how they intersect international borders .
The purpose for this map , as reported by New Scientist , is to push the international community to develop a treaty regarding how water resources are shared across national borders .
The problem is this – if one nation pumps water out of an aquifer ( especially from a fossil aquifer that is n’t being refilled by seasonal rains ) , then that nation ’s neighbors have less water , and that could lead to armed conflict .
This is essentially the problem that the Colorado River Compact mostly solved between the eight states that use the Colorado River in the U.S. Southwest in the 1930s , but writ large with actual warfare as a possible outcome .
And as with the eight parties to the Colorado River Compact , the more nations that are involved in drawing from a single aquifer , the more difficult multi-lateral treaties over that water will be , and the more important an international , UN - developed global treaty becomes .
And it appears from a detailed look at the map that there are significant portions of Africa , Europe , and Asia where ten or more nations could all be drawing from a single aquifer , increasing the likelihood of conflict .
This map is relatively general , and the article says that a more detailed map of the world ’s aquifers will be released in spring , 2009 .
But the map is good enough to illustrate something else – merely agreeing on how aquifer water will be extracted wo n’t be enough .
Without a significant amount of scientific knowledge of how the aquifers are recharged , and an understanding of how recharging is expected to change in the future as a result of anthropogenic climate disruption , international laws may not be enough to prevent water conflicts among so many interested parties drawing on a common resource .
If your people are dying of starvation because you ’re not allowed to pump enough water out of the ground to grow your crops , you ’ll almost certainly ignore the “ agreement ” that limits your pumping .
And if / when that happens , all the agreements in the world wo n’t prevent open warfare .
h/t : Lex
— — —-
New data on charcoal in soil raises carbon questions
Soil researchers from the U.S. and Australia have published new data that raises questions about how much carbon soils can sequester , and how much carbon is released into the atmosphere when land use changes .
According to the ABC Science article linked above , the authors of the paper suggest that climate models are underestimating the amount of carbon that is sequestered in soil .
This new data needs to be understood in case it does , as Dr. Evelyn Krull suggests , make climate disruption “ look worse than it actually would be ” .
I look forward to reading more about this new data , and how it affects the climate model predictions .
More accurate models are always a good thing .
— — —-
Wave and tidal energy growing pains
In the second Weekly Carboholic , I introduced readers to Finavera Renewables , a company who was placing a prototype wave power generation bouy off the coast of the Olympic Peninsula for a trial run on how wave energy could be tapped along the Pacific coast .
The Seattle Times ran an article last week that provides an update on Finavera ’s pilot program as well as a number of other wave and tidal energy programs in the Pacific Northwest .
Finavera remains the only company who actually has an approved permit for an ocean pilot program , but they ’re not alone in being interested in the potential for ocean - based energy .
Another company is looking at large emplacements of water turbines to take advantage of the significant tidal flow through Admiralty Inlet , the main water inlet into Puget Sound from the Strait of Juan de Fuca .
But at this point no - one has put any generation buoys or turbines into the water .
Concerns about fishing grounds , a marine sanctuary , and the effect of electric cables on marine life have held up many of the dozens of programs the article claims are in some stage of development .
It ’s probably only a matter of time before some project developer actually puts something in the water , but it ’s good to see that environmental concerns are n’t being pushed aside in favor of energy – and that the economics of ocean energy ( currently estimated at about 20 cents per kWh , as compared to 4 cents from wind turbines ) is n’t being ignored in favor of the latest energy fad .
— — —-
Update on hybrid vehicle technology
Today ’s Green , Inc. blog at the NYTimes has two articles that talk about new developments in hybrid vehicle technology .
The first is about the use of ultracapacitors as a temporary energy storage system in order to lengthen the life of hybrid batteries and the second is about making hybrid heavy trucks .
Batteries do n’t like sudden surges of energy , either coming into the battery while charging or going out of battery while discharging .
Large swings in current tend to degrade the battery life as the current heats up the battery and , in extreme cases , could cause the battery to over heat and burst into flame .
In standard electronic systems , this energy flow problem is handled with storage devices called capacitors .
Capacitors store energy in an electric field and provide the high frequency currents that modern electronics need , leaving batteries to provide the more - or - less constant base current that feeds the overall power consumption of the electronics .
Capacitors that are large enough to provide the same basic functionality for a hybrid car as it accelerates or brakes hard ( with regenerative braking ) have been extremely rare and expensive due to their size and energy storage requirements .
But now AFS Trinity Power may have developed a high energy density , high voltage , and relatively inexpensive ultracapacitor to do the job .
Green
Inc reports that when an independent lab tested the capacitor / battery combination and compared it to a battery - only option , the battery lifetime increased by 7.6x , from 500 cycles to 3800 cycles .
In terms of a car lifetime , that ’s an increase from less than 2 years between battery replacements to over 12 years .
Large trucks cannot be propelled by electricity alone , but a large truck ’s efficiency can be improved by the addition of a hybrid system , according to the second Green Inc article .
The same basic technology that is currently in use in buses and delivery trucks is being redeveloped for use in large trucks such as semis and utility vehicles .
While I do n’t know exactly how it works , one of the main advantages that electric motors have over combustion engines is in low - speed torque , so I can easily imagine that a hybrid system could be utilized to reduce the overall horsepower required for an equivalently sized vehicle as the electric motor aids the diesel engine at low speeds or as the vehicle is moving over steep or rough terrain .
And let ’s not forget – there have been “ hybrid ” diesel - electric train locomotives since they were invented – in 1917 .
Cars and trucks are just a little behind the curve .
Image credits :
Heartland Builders , LLC
BGR & UNESCO
SeaGen
WIRED Underwire blog
I do n't want to get into semantics about preparations and preconditions , but here 's a recent article that cites Kissinger :
Former U.S. Secretary of State Henry Kissinger says the United States should begin direct negotiations with Iran over its nuclear enrichment program .
Kissinger , speaking Monday at George Washington University along with four other former U.S. State Department secretaries , said the next president should initiate high - level discussions with Iran " without conditions , " ABC News reported .
In general there is no doubt that Kissinger , who was prepared to meet with Mao , is not exactly queasy about directly engaging foreign tyrants .
He 's a realist and McCain is now a full metal neocon .
Obama is much more in the Kissinger tradition than McCain is .
But , frankly , I 'm not sure what McCain is any more .
And I 'm not entirely clear he knows either .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Bed tents are fun items for kids and adults , which have grown in popularity over the years .
As their name suggests , each consists of a bed for lounging or sleeping and a ...
Scientists self - censor in response to political controversy
A survey of scientists whose studies became the focus of a public debate about NIH grant funding has found that many of them engaged in self - censorship as a result of the controversy .
The study , published in the open access journal PLoS Medicine , found that following the criticism of their research , scientists removed politically sensitive language from grant applications and stopped studying certain topics .
These self - censorship tactics were employed despite the fact that all of the criticised studies — most of which investigated sexual behaviour , drug-use , and other HIV - related questions — were defended in an NIH internal review and retained their funding .
Joanna Kempner of Rutgers University in New Jersey surveyed the researchers who were the subject of a debate in the US in July 2003 , which began when a Congressional Representative proposed an amendment to rescind five NIH grants after publicly criticising the studies as " less worthy of taxpayer funding " than research into " devastating diseases . "
The amendment failed to pass but the controversy resulted in the internal review of more than 250 grants by the NIH , which concluded that each study was scientifically sound .
After conducting in - depth interviews with thirty researchers whose funding was reviewed , Kempner surveyed the principal investigators of all the studies .
Only a third of the 82 respondents felt they were less likely to receive funding from the NIH in the future , but a majority reported undertaking strategies designed to disguise the most controversial aspects of their research .
Half ( 51 % ) said they removed potential " red flag " words from the titles and abstracts of their grant submissions , including the words gay , lesbian , homophobia , anal sex , needle - exchange , and AIDS .
Kemper reports that one interviewee said " I do not study sex workers , I study ' women at risk . ' "
Almost a quarter of the researchers had either reframed their studies to avoid research on marginalized or stigmatized populations or had chosen to drop studies that were thought to be political sensitive , such as those on sexual orientation , abortion , childhood sexual abuse , and condom use .
The survey also found that four of the principal investigators had made career changes and left academia as a result of the controversy .
Joanna Kempner stresses that the controversy also galvanized sections of the research community with 10 % of respondents reporting a strengthened commitment to see their research completed , including those who had reported self - censorship practices .
She says that the findings are a powerful example of how the political environment can shape what scientists chose not to study .
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars
December 12 , 2008
As Bloomberg reports today , the Federal Reserve has refused “ to disclose the recipients of more than $ 2 trillion of emergency loans from U.S. taxpayers and the assets the central bank is accepting as collateral . ”
On November 7 , Bloomberg filed a Freedom of Information request to disclose the recipients of more than $ 2 trillion of “ emergency loans ” from U.S. taxpayers and the assets the central bank is accepting as collateral , but the private banker syndicate has told Congress and the American people to go fish .
The Money Masters explains how the Fed runs its debt scam on the American people .
Bloomberg notes that the Freedom of Information Act requires federal agencies to make government documents available to the press and the public .
However , the Fed is not a federal agency , it is a cartel of private bankers .
It is a consortium of twelve private banks which are not part of the United States government and does not answer to it .
The Fed controls our monetary system and acts at the behest of large national and international private banks .
100 % of its shareholders are private banks and none of its stock is owned by the government .
Expecting a cartel of private bankers to respond to a FOIA is to say the least an exercise in futility .
Perpetuating the scam and the illusion , the Fed tells us they are subject to oversight by Congress , which periodically reviews its activities and can alter its responsibilities by statute .
“ As we know from watching the business news , ‘ oversight ’ basically means that Congress gets to see the results when it ’s over , ” writes Ellen Brown .
“ The Fed periodically reports to Congress , but the Fed does n’t ask ; it tells . ”
In response to the Bloomberg FOIA , the Fed said it is “ allowed to withhold internal memos as well as information about trade secrets and commercial information , ” in other words it does not owe the American people the transparency it initially promised before the purse strings were loosened .
Fed mob boss Ben Bernanke and Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson said in September they would comply with congressional demands for transparency .
Recall Nancy Pelosi declaring a congressional version of martial law in order to get the banker giveaway bill passed , as revealed by Rep. Michael Burgess on the floor of the House .
Rep. Brad Sherman repeated Burgess ’ claims .
“ Many of us were told in private conversations , that if we did n’t pass this bill on Monday , the sky would fall , the market would drop two or three thousand points , another couple thousand the second day , and a few members were even told that there would be Martial Law in America if we voted no . ”
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
“ We just witnessed a full week of Wall Street experts on television threatening the American people , and President Bush threatening Congress , claiming that ‘ to do nothing ’ will result in a economic crisis — possibly a depression , ” Patrick Henningsen wrote on October 3 .
“ So constituents called their Congressional representatives telling them to ‘ do something ’ .
No one is entirely sure what that something should be , so most Congressmen and women guessed that ‘ something ’ must be a $ 700 Billion ‘ get - out - of - jail card ’ for the bankers . ”
As it now stands , that paltry $ 700 billion figure has ballooned to an astounding $ 8.5 trillion , a figure that represents almost 60 percent of the nation ’s estimated gross domestic product .
As the San Francisco Chronicle admitted , the “ final cost wo n’t be known for many years . ”
Most of the money , about $ 5.5 trillion , will be printed by the Fed crime syndicate on its fantasy printing presses and loaned to the government .
Our children , grand children , and great - great grand children will be on the hook to pay off this stellar debt — currently 10 trillion dollars , projected to go to 11 trillion or more in two years — for decades to come .
It ’s a dream come true for the international bankers .
“ There has to be something they can tell the public because we have a right to know what they are doing , ” Lucy Dalglish , executive director of the Arlington , Virginia - based Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press , told Bloomberg .
“ It would really be a shame if we have to find this out 10 years from now after some really nasty class - action suit and our financial system has completely collapsed . ”
In fact , the banker debt scam is already crashing the economy , as planned .
“ The fall of the US economy will have a domino effect and bring about a worldwide depression that will further depress the US economy and bring a full fledged inflationary depression worse than the great depression of the 1930’s .
When this happens most companies will go bankrupt and will be nationalized , ” notes Don Koenig .
“ When the US economy goes down it will take the world economy with it .
This economic collapse will cause great civil unrest all over the world , cities will be filled with riots and later with troops . ”
It ’s the final stage of the bankster take - over , the last chapter of a plan to turn the world into a hellish corporatized slave gulag based on the China model .
It really is naive to believe the Fed will respond to a mere FIOA request and reveal the details of its plan to crash the global economy .
Bloomberg ’s lawsuit against the Fed is commendable , however it is predicated on a false and dangerous assumption : that the Fed is a government institution answerable to Congress and the American people .
It is not , although the illusion is alive and well .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
WHAT a shame , and what a sham !
You ’ve probably already heard that the US lost 240,000 jobs in October .
That ’s the shameful part .
And since the latest massacre in the employment market was made public safely after the presidential election , the Labor Department also decided to own up to another dirty little secret – it had overstated job growth by 179,000 jobs in August and September .
That ’s the sham .
So the total decline in jobs in the latest count was really 419,000 .
You already know my song and dance about the idiotic assumptions made by the government .
Each month Washington adds many thousands of jobs that it believes – but ca n’t prove – are being created by newly formed companies .
The logic behind this calculation – which is called the birth / death model – is as simple as it is extraordinary : even in a horrible job market and during a credit crunch as we have today , Washington believes courageous entrepreneurs are forming businesses and hiring people .
The October report – the one that reported the 240,000 loss of jobs – includes a guess that 71,000 of these uncountable , new - company jobs were created .
Included in those 71,000 made - up jobs are 7,000 that were supposed to have been created in construction and 13,000 in “ financial activities . ”
Come on !
Are we really supposed to believe that a total of 20,000 jobs were suddenly created by construction and financial services companies , despite the fact that both those industries are mired in a severe recession .
Here ’s a tip for Washington : now that a new president has been picked you can ease off the BS pedal .
But here ’s the sham - squared part of this column .
An economist at the Labor Department admitted – and this really is news to me – that the 71,000 fake birth / death jobs are only the “ residual ” estimate .
The bigger part , 70 percent in fact , of this guesstimate is baked into the larger calculation , in other words the one that came up with the 240,000 lost jobs .
How big would the overall job losses have been without the baked - in estimate for new companies being formed ?
My source at the Labor Department says that number ca n’t be determined .
It ’s sorta like trying to find the egg whites after the cake is already out of the oven .
Well , here ’s a suggestion for president - elect Barack Obama .
Take the job of counting jobs away from the Labor Department and its estimators .
Because of modern technology , it ’s easy to determine who is being hired and fired just through income tax receipts .
On that note , an outfit in Sausalito , Calif .
called TrimTabs Investment Research says “ the US job loss could exceed 300,000 in November based on daily withholding tax flows into the US Treasury of all salaried employees .
See , no need to guess .
*
Here ’s some kinda good news for investors .
Richard Peterson , director of Markets , Credit and Risk Strategies at Standard & Poor ’s , says that the S&P 500 index of stocks usually rallies nicely in the year after a big drop in employment .
Since 1953 , there ’s been an average 17 percent year - after gain .
For instance , in 1982 a 2.1 million decline in jobs was followed by a 17.2 percent gain in the S&P .
Now for the bad news .
Nearly 1.8 million jobs disappeared in 2001 , but that was n’t good for the market .
The S&P dropped 23.4 percent in 2001 .
But the 540,000 loss of jobs in 2002 did lead to a 26.4 percent gain the next year .
Hold on before you start speculating what ’s left of your retirement stash !
This recession could be very different from past ones .
Lower in terest rates do n’t seem to be boosting the economy .
And government bailouts – aka rescues – are only digging the country into a deeper hole .
*
I ’m hearing rumors that Morgan Stanley & Co. will lay off 10 percent of its 50,000 workforce .
And those given the ax should n’t expect a very generous severance package .
*
I know President - elect Obama has been pretty busy these past few months , but he could n’t have been serious when he said last week that a fiscal stimulus package was “ long overdue . ”
Long overdue ?!!
The government gave $ 168 billion to taxpayers last spring in an effort to stimulate the economy and it did nothing – except make the nation ’s gross domestic product look a little better in the second quarter .
Now the economy is worse than before – and the government is running up huge tabs that ’ll smother an economic rebound when its time comes .
*
Why should farmers be doing any better than the rest of us ?
The University of Illinois says farmers are getting hit hard by the declining price of gasoline .
You ’ll remember how so much of the nation ’s corn crop went into the making of ethanol when the price of gasoline soared .
The university says corn should be selling for between $ 3.50 to $ 4 a bushel over the next couple of years if there is normal weather around the world .
The price had jumped to $ 8 a bushel when gasoline was around $ 4 a gallon .
Oh , well !
At least farmers can eat what they produce .
OPEC is going to have a hard time choking down all that oil that nobody wants anymore .
john.crudele@nypost.com
At about 2 a.m. last Friday , some Tempe residents were awakened by a helicopter circling over their neighborhood near McClintock Drive and Guadalupe Road .
About 200 of them called Tempe police .
On Saturday morning , that helicopter returned .
Tempe police dispatchers fielded about 100 calls .
But as of late Tuesday , no one could say just who was flying that helicopter or why it was hovering over a south central Tempe neighborhood .
The helicopter had been registered as a " military flight " but it 's been difficult to learn much more , said Oddvar Tveit , an environmental quality specialist for the city of Tempe .
No , that helicopter was n't from the Luke Air Force Base or Border Patrol or the National Guard or the Phoenix Federal Bureau of Investigation , officials told The Republic .
Representatives from the Tucson - based Davis - Monthan Air Force Base , Fort Huachuca in southeastern Arizona , U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement and local police departments denied their involvement too .
The Scottsdale bureau of the Federal Aviation Administration refused comment when contacted Tuesday .
" It 's kind of frustrating , " said Duane Washkowiak , chair of the Tempe Aviation Commission , a citizen 's group which advises City Council about the impact of aircraft noise .
Washkowiak 's wife was startled out of sleep by the sound of the helicopter early Friday and he called police when he learned of her concerns .
A dispatcher told him it was a military operation , he said .
When he struggled to find out more , he called Tveit who works closely with the Aviation Commission .
As of Tuesday , Tveit said he had received at least four complaints about the helicopter noise .
He was waiting and hoping to learn more about what happened .
" Unfortunately , we were not able to find out what sort of ( military ) operation this was , " he said .
Tveit said he eventually determined that the helicopter appeared to be a Vietnam War-era Bell UH1 and its flight pattern was unusual both times it was reported in the neighborhood , Tveit said .
Radar confirmed that it flew in circles , he said .
Working with Phoenix noise abatement specialist James Davies , Tveit determined that the helicopter had taken flight at or near the Phoenix Goodyear Airport .
It fell off the monitoring system Tempe shares with Sky Harbor Airport near the Loop 101 between Guadalupe and Elliot roads .
Reach the reporter at lisa.halverstadt@arizonarepublic.com
——- Forwarded message — —-
From : James Hook
To : Justin Hook , Steve Hook
Subject : My first experience with Microsoft Speech Recognition
Date : Sun , 07 Dec 2008
This is a story all about how
My left at floods turned upside down
And like to commend it just sitting right there
To tell you how the team approves the time called dollar .
In West Philadelphia born and raised on the playgrounds were spent most of my days ,
Chillum out Maxson relax and all cool to shoot some people outside of the school .
When a couple of guys were up to no good started making trouble in the neighborhood
I get in one little fight and the mom got scared ,
She said you move in with your aunt and uncle in dollar
I was n’t for a cab and one each in your
The license plates of fresh and it had base in the mirror
If anything , I can say that this cab was rare ,
But I thought , now a forgets , you know home to Bel air
I pulled up to the house around seven or eight
And I yield to the cabbie your Halsey Smalley later
Look at my kingdom I was finally there
Consider my thrown as the prince of Bel air .
By Robin Brant
BBC News , Kuala Lumpur
Many people see yoga as a way to maintain their health Millions of people in Malaysia have been banned from doing yoga because of fears it could corrupt Muslims .
The Islamic authorities have issued a ruling , known as a fatwa , instructing the country 's Muslims to avoid yoga because of its Hindu roots .
To most people yoga is simply a sport - a stress - busting start to the day .
Malaysia 's National Fatwa Council said it goes further than that and that elements of the Indian religion are inherent in yoga .
Announcing the decision , the council chairman Abdul Shukor Husin said practices like chanting and what he called worshipping were inappropriate and they could " destroy the faith of a Muslim " .
The ruling is not legally binding but many of Malaysia 's Muslims abide by fatwas .
Yoga classes here are filled with mostly non-Muslim Malaysians of Chinese or Indian descent , but in the major cities it is not uncommon to see several Muslim women at classes .
Prayers and gym For Muslims across Malaysia the day starts at 5.30 in the morning , as the call to prayer goes out .
A handful of the most devout arrive at a mosque in the western outskirts of Kuala Lumpur .
In India , yoga is an integral part of the Hindu religion
Over the other side of the road , in the shadow of the Mosque 's golden dome , a few others start arriving to start their day - at the gym .
Each is carrying a yoga mat , slung over their shoulder .
Adam Junid is a Muslim Malaysian who does both - prayers and gym , specifically yoga .
An engineer in his 30s , he goes to a weekly class for about 30 people .
" I do n't think it interferes with the religion at all , " he says .
" In fact it helps you , makes you healthy and more aligned and it helps you become self aware , " he adds .
Adam is a rarity because it is mostly women and not many Muslims who do this .
Islam is able to cater to the needs of Muslims - spiritual needs , intellectual needs and other needs , material needs - there is no need to bring in elements from outside
Professor Osman Bakar
" The yoga masters repeat that it actually can be quite compatible with religion , " he said .
" It makes you a better person . "
Yoga comes in many forms .
For some it is a stress - busting sport .
For others a serious bit of soul searching .
What Adam does once a week is the serious stuff .
The class I sat in on was two hours long .
Spiritual experience
It included breathing exercises , with the help of the tick - tock of a metronome .
There was meditation , then half an hour of darkness for intense relaxation .
Before that some of the class managed a very stable headstand .
Others could touch the back of their head with their foot .
" It can go with any religion , " instructor Mani Sekaran told me .
" Or it can go with those who do n't believe in any religion , because it 's purely sports , " he added .
He is also founder of the Malaysian Yoga Society .
A bald and very fit man , he once did martial arts .
" If I want to train for an Olympic gold medal ... whether I believe in a religion or not does n't matter .
I just keep on training . "
Malaysia is a secular democracy where Islam is the official religion " Based on that we can use yoga to enhance whatever we are doing , whether it is religion or whether it 's spirituality ... but it [ yoga ] is stand alone . "
During the class I sat in on , yoga 's Hindu roots were mentioned , albeit briefly .
A spiritual experience was on offer for those who wanted it .
This is the point where some Muslims in Malaysia worry about yoga .
They think it is encroaching on their way of life .
One Muslim student told me that she combined yoga techniques with prayers .
That concerns some Islamic experts .
" If people want to practice yoga , the physical exercise , I think that is no problem , " Professor Osman Bakar , from Malaysia 's Institute of Advanced Islamic Studies , told me .
" Many Muslims would say fine .
But they would object to the mixing of the two things . "
" Islam is a complete way of life .
Islam is able to cater to the needs of Muslims ; spiritual needs , intellectual needs and other needs , material needs .
So there is no need to bring in elements from outside , " he added .
Adam 's yoga class ended with a quick discussion about self - awareness , concentration and why people do yoga .
I was not sure if this was a weekly occurrence or for my benefit .
He told me that yoga has made him a better person .
He has no plans to stop .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The video shows how Petter Solberg fell off from the roof of his Impreza WRC on Bettega Memorial 2008 .
Would you like to add or edit content here ?
Here 's how you can have an account !
From FreeThoughtPedia
How to File a Complaint Asking the IRS to Revoke the LDS Church 's Tax - Exempt Status
By making the passage of California 's Proposition 8 a substantial part of its activities this year , the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints has violated nonprofit law .
Because it has broken the law , it should be stripped of its 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) non-profit tax - exempt status .
This law will not be enforced unless complaints are filed against the LDS Church for its illegal activities .
Please consider filing a request with the IRS to take away the LDS Church 's tax - exempt status .
Here 's what you need to do :
Download a blank IRS complaint form and fill it out .
This form can be downloaded from here .
You will need to include documentation to show that the LDS Church has made lobbying for Proposition 8 a substantial part of its activities .
Here are the documents you will need : A copy of the letter from the LDS Church Presidency to LDS Bishops , which was read aloud in all California State LDS Churches .
It instructs members to " do all you can to support [ Proposition 8 ] by donating of your means and time . "
Download and print the letter from here .
A transcript of the confidential LDS Church satellite broadcast , which instructed members that they must support Proposition 8 , set out a detailed " three - phase " Proposition 8 campaign plan , and which reiterated several lies about what would happen if Proposition 8 was not passed .
Download and print the transcript here .
A copy campaign planning document distributed by the church to LDS Church leaders .
Download and print the document here .
Please also print out a copy of this WikiLeaks page , which explains the significance and veracity of the document .
A copy of this Daily Kos posting which includes scanned images that prove the LDS Church has been planning for the Proposition 8 campaign since at least 1997 .
Download and print the document here .
Refer the IRS to this page , located on LDS.org , which includes links to various Proposition 8 campaign information , including a Proposition 8 propaganda video .
This page was accessible starting 16 October 2008 , and at least as late as 7 November 2008 .
Include a copy of the ABC News Story about how the LDS Church threatened to excommunicate a member for speaking out against Proposition 8 .
A PDF copy of this story can be downloaded here .
A copy of the Salt Lake Tribune news story which states that the LDS Church donated $ 2,078.97 of church funds to the Proposition 8 campaign .
Download ind print a PDF copy of this story here .
Once you have filled out the IRS complaint form and prepared your supporting documentation , transmit your complaint and supporting documents to the IRS in one of the following ways : Email : Prepare your documents as PDF's or web links , and send your complaint form with supporting documentation to [ eoclass@irs.gov ] .
If sending your complaint as an email , you can simply copy and paste section 2 of these instructions into an email and attach your complaint form as PDF .
Fax your documents to ( 214 ) 413-5415 .
Mail your documents to : IRS EO Classification Mail Code 4910DAL 1100 Commerce Street Dallas TX 75242-1198
Once you have submitted your complaint , please consider signing these petitions to remove the LDS Church 's 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) tax - exempt status : Mormons Stole Our Rights : No Tax Exemption for Political Churches Review the 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) status of The Church of Latter - day Saints ( The Mormons )
Going into Doctor Who withdrawal yet ?
With the BBC 's time - traveling soap opera pretty much taking a year off , and spin - off show Torchwood also doing a shorter season , you 're going to need an acceptable Who substitute .
So it may be worth looking into The Survivors , the remake of a classic show by Dalek co-creator Terry Nation — and featuring Martha Jones actor Freema Agyeman .
The show launches November 22 , and we 've got loads of details and spoilers below .
In the original 1970s verison of The Survivors , a plague wipes out 98 percent of the world 's population over a period of a few weeks .
The few humans who are immune are faced with the challenge of maintaining some semblance of civilization when all of the factories , power plants and other aspects of modern infrastructure have collapsed .
A very bleak and slow - paced show , the original Survivors probably would n't go over that well with present - day audiences .
The new version , written and produced by Primeval creator Adrian Hodges , will run for just six episodes , including a 90 minute pilot .
Unlike the pretty homogenous original , the new version will be much more diverse , including Muslim and lesbian characters .
Here 's a breakdown of the characters from the new series , and how they compare with the original .
The new version also sounds like it 'll have a pretty soap - operatic storyline , with more explicit sexuality .
I can't find a plot synopsis for episode one , but here 's what happens in episode two , according to the BBC :
Abby and her new friends find a house to shelter in and set about gathering the essential supplies they need to stay alive , as Adrian Hodges 's new drama , a re-imagining of the classic Seventies BBC drama series , based on the novel by Terry Nation , continues .
When they visit a local supermarket they are confronted by Dexter , the leader of an armed gang which has laid claim to the contents of the store .
Abby is shocked by how quickly people have resorted to selfishness and violence .
As Dexter 's gang leaves , Abby sees a face she thinks she recognises , a teacher who took her son to hospital before the worst of the virus hit .
The gang is gone before she can speak to him .
Abby can't forget about the teacher .
She takes
Tom with her and goes back to the supermarket in the hope that Dexter 's gang will return .
Dexter soon arrives but he has no interest in helping Abby .
Instead , he gives them a chilling final warning to stay away .
Greg , meanwhile , goes in search of the main supermarket warehouse .
When he gets there , he finds Bob Murphy and Sarah Boyer , who had planned to use the contents of the warehouse to start a trading business .
Their plans are halted , however , when Bob is severely injured in an accident .
Greg is able to stabilise Bob 's condition and agrees to stay the night to keep an eye on him .
Once Sarah is alone with Greg she tries to seduce him .
She needs a man who can protect her and do the heavy work .
Greg can see that Sarah wants to use him , but he still finds it hard to resist a beautiful young girl throwing herself at him ...
Advertisement
I 'm a little alarmed by the " beautiful woman turns into a slut in order to get a man to protect her " subplot , but maybe it 'll be more subtle than it sounds .
In any case , not sure that would actually work in practice , as a survival strategy .
Luckily , the third episode has a more Thatcher - esque female character , who was a man ( played by George Baker ) in the original series :
Abby stumbles across a community that could hold the key to everyone ’s future , as Adrian Hodges ’s re-imagining of the classic Seventies BBC drama series , based on the novel by Terry Nation , continues .
The group is led by Samantha Willis – the last surviving member of the Government .
She has set up a community that still boasts light , hot water , food and power , all drawn from sustainable sources .
Abby and Samantha hit it off immediately and Abby is full of hope that Samantha might lead the remaining population to build a new and better society .
Samantha sees that Abby could become a trusted ally , but Abby ’s illusions are shattered when she sees the lengths Samantha will go to in order to maintain control of her fledgling community .
Meanwhile , Greg and Tom are out searching for supplies when they encounter a family stranded on an isolated farm .
The father has successfully sheltered his children from the virus by keeping them imprisoned in their own home .
When the daughter of the family reaches out to Tom and Greg to set her free , they are faced with a terrible dilemma – any contact with them could kill the family .
Advertisement
Early reports say the show has ( not surprisingly ) a very 28 Days Later vibe , and it also sounds very Blindness - esque , what with the people trying to take over a grocery store and create their own power base .
In any case , I 'm always down for a painfully psychotic look at a ruined future society descending into barbarism and fascism .
Sign me up !
And here 's a fansite with more info : [ SurvivorsBBCTV ]
Roger Ferris is a CIA operative in the Middle East ; Ed Hoffman is his control at Langley .
Cynicism is everywhere .
In Amman , Roger works with Hani Salaam , Jordan 's head of security , whose only dictum is " Do n't lie to me . "
The Americans are in pursuit of a cleric who leads a group placing bombs all over Europe .
When Hani rebukes Ed's demand that Jordan allow the Americans to use one of Jordan 's double agents , Roger and Ed hatch a plan to bring the cleric to them .
The plan is complicated by its being a secret from Hani and by Roger 's attraction to a local nurse .
Satellites and cell phones , bodies and lies : modern warfare .
Written by < jhailey@hotmail.com >
When last we left University of Wisconsin neuroscientist Giulio Tononi , he was breeding a strain of mutant fruit flies for the Pentagon .
These insects could get by on just a third the normal amount of sleep ; the Defense Department 's sci- fi research division , Darpa , hoped the work might someday lead to soldiers who could bettter withstand sleeplessness .
That Darpa program is over .
But a new one has begun .
Its goal : Create electronics that mimic the " function , size , and power consumption " of a cat 's brain .
IBM and Malibu's HRL Laboratories have already signed up for the Systems of Neuromorphic Adaptive Plastic
Scalable Electronics ( SyNAPSE ) program .
Now , Tononi has , too .
The neuroscientist , along with researchers from Columbia University and IBM " will work on the ' software ' for the thinking computer , " according to the University of Wisconsin .
It all comes down to an understanding of what is necessary for teaching an artificial brain to reason and learn from experience …
For example , neurons in the brain stem flood the brain with a neurotransmitter during times of sudden stress , signaling the " fight - or flight " response .
" Every neuron in the brain knows that something has changed , " Tononi explains .
" It tells the brain , ' I got burned , and if you want to change , this is the time to do it . ' "
Thus , a cat landing on a hot stovetop not only jumps off immediately , it learns not to do that again ...
It wo n't be an easy task , says Tononi , a veteran of earlier efforts to create cognitive computers ....
" I would be happy to create a mouse brain , " Tononi says .
" A mouse brain is quite remarkable .
And from there , it should n't be too hard to scale up to a rat brain , and then a cat or monkey brain . "
ALSO :
I 'm still cacking myself .
I know all the commentators are saying Obama 's already won but I find myself scouring the internet for reassuring polls , and there 'll be an article from Nevada quoting a truck driver that 's supporting McCain , and I 'm like a hypochondriac that 's discovered a lump , frozen with fear and convinced this means the Republicans will win and reintroduce slavery and make it illegal for any creature to evolve .
Because it ought to be utterly totally wrapped up , as the Republicans have had the worst campaign that could ever be possible .
The candidate looked like there could n't possibly be anyone in the country more idiotic , but he scoured the continent , found someone who was and made her his deputy .
Then a disastrous economic crisis began weeks before the election while they 're in charge , then their own side started deserting to Obama , they 've been caught spending half the economy on dresses , but they 're STILL only a few per cent behind .
McCain could announce he'd bomb Argentina for being too near the start of the alphabet , flash at Oprah Winfrey shouting " Hey Joe the plumber , there 's ONE waterworks that does n't need fixing " during the national anthem , reveal he was chairman of a company that 's been selling teddy bears that turn out to be stuffed with petrol - soaked semtex , and admit he did n't go to Vietnam at all but spent the whole war in the bath .
And the following day we'd hear that a string of gaffes had caused Obama 's lead to climb to SIX per cent .
So the next day McCain and Palin could go on Russell Brand 's radio show , ring Obama 's dying grandmother and yell , " We screwed your grandson " on her answer machine , and the day after the gap would be back to five per cent again .
At his rallies McCain looks demented , and one of his most stirring closing slogans is " As President I will put America first . "
Then his supporters cheer , as if they 're thinking " Thank God he got THAT right . "
As if there was a chance he might have said , " As President of America I will put New Zealand first .
Bollocks to America , that place got me shot down in Vietnam . "
Now the Republicans appear to be at war with themselves , blaming each other for the disasters , and there must be a chance they 'll give up altogether , with McCain saying , " Oh sod it , I never wanted to be President anyway , as I want to be a lap dancer . "
Then we 'll read he 's gone SEVEN per cent behind in the polls .
Even if you had no interest in politics , one glance at the two candidates should make it obvious who was more assured and competent .
And if you have a slight interest in politics then you 'll notice that one candidate supported a disastrous war and the other one did n't .
It 's as if someone on Strictly Come Dancing one week wet themselves mid-samba , then slipped in their own puddle , drop - kicking the judges and shorting out the electrics and then Bruce Forsyth said , " Well , it 's still very close who 's come last this week so keep those votes rolling in . "
One reason why it remains closer than it should be is obvious .
Before the election 's over , there 'll be at least one Republican supporter on Fox News who'll say , " I think that one of the areas in which McCain scores heavily over his opponent is he 's proved himself far more adept and capable , over the years , at being white .
And for all Senator Obama 's flair and charisma this is a skill he clearly lacks . "
In one sense it may seem ridiculous to get over - excited about Obama .
Far from promising anything radical , he 's friendly with the wealthiest section of Wall Street , suggests he'd bomb Pakistan , and has no desire to challenge the greed of corporate America .
But society is n't just propelled by the policies of leaders , it 's driven by the actions of millions .
And Obama has come to represent the voice of those who wish America , and the world , to be more equal , less prone to crazy wars and closer to the values of civil rights .
This is n't just because he 's black , as this would n't have been possible if the candidate was Colin Powell .
If it was n't for the civil rights campaign and the movement against the Iraq war , Obama 's campaign could n't have taken off .
So for Obama to win would be an inspiration to all those who supported those values , and a humiliating defeat for all those who opposed them , even if Obama himself may well betray those ideas .
But if McCain wins , imagine how that will transform electioneering .
In general elections around the world each candidate will strive to come over as more incompetent and idiotic than the other , starting party political broadcasts by announcing that they do n't believe in gravity , then accidentally setting fire to themselves and choosing Rita Fairclough from Coronation Street as their deputy before saying they did n't realise that she was n't real .
See , there 's a lot at stake and I 'm right to be worried .
Belfast Telegraph
My Friends , McCain's Tic Is Back
Just a brief note about last night :
For anyone who did n't heed our warning and wound up playing the Sleuth 's official debate watch game as a drinking game ( which , again , we did not advocate ) , you are probably feeling like mildewed leftovers .
Or maybe like Jell - O that 's been nailed to a wall .
Because given the number of times GOP presidential nominee John McCain said " my friends " last night , you got wasted within the first 45 minutes of the 90 - minute mostly predictable tit - for - tat fest .
McCain's " my friends " tic kicked in with a vengeance and he said it not three or four times but a total of 22 times .
Several of those times he said " my friend , " referring to a questioner in the audience .
Moderator Tom Brokaw said " my friend " once , when he announced next week 's moderator , CBS 's Bob Schieffer .
( Obama said " my friends " - not once . )
You can check the transcript yourself at C - SPAN 's debate HUB .
Perhaps McCain 's most poignant " my friend " came when he said , " By the way , my friends , I know you grow a little weary of this back - and - forth . "
You got that right , my friend .
UPDATE , 11:33 am ET :
We first counted 19 " my friend (s ) " references , but now , after searching CNN 's official transcript , we count 22 .
We have changed the posting to reflect the new count .
Yes , my friends , McCain used the phrase 22 times within 90 minutes .
I ’ve long been interested in the concept of A/B testing ( Also called split testing ) .
It ’s a simple concept that should sit will with most mathematically - inclined types :
You have a baseline interface in which you adjust a single variable , at random , for each user that visits your application .
After a given amount of time you should be able to see if certain variables affect how your users behave ( either negatively or positively ) .
A product was recently released called SnapAds which allows its users ( advertisers ) to permute different variations of an ad and display different versions to users , based upon how well they perform over time .
But that ’s not what I was interested in , specifically ( even though it is a cool idea ) .
The team that created this also created another product a while back that never saw a full release : Genetify .
Genetify provides developers with a JavaScript library for doing any number of A/B tests on a site ( tweaking CSS , JavaScript , or HTML elements ) all trained over time using a Genetic algorithm backend .
This means that no matter how many different A/ B tests you have on a page the genetic algorithm will adapt to the input ( users visiting the page and hopefully achieving some pre-defined goal ) and slowly show a more - optimal page layout to the user .
Genetify provides a demo on their site showing the basics of how it works along with a simple text tutorial .
To get started with Genetify you will need to include the library in the head of your page along with a couple CSS rules .
< script src=" genetify.js " ></ script > < style > .v { display : none ; } .genetify_disabled { display : none ! important ; } .genetify_enabled { display : block ! important ; } </style >
And then before the closing body tag on your site include the following :
< script>genetify.vary ( ) ;</ script >
Here are some examples of different ways in which a page layout can be changed using Genetify .
HTML Elements / CSS Classes
The easiest technique is one which allows you to simply toggle HTML using some inline CSS classes .
< div class= " sentence " >
One way of saying something </ div > < div class= " sentence v anotherway " > Another way of saying something </ div >
The first class specified ends up becoming the name of one of the “ genes ” which is used to train the genetic algorithm .
Thus if the user completes a specified goal while the “ anotherway ” element is toggled then the algorithm is trained to recognize that showing the “ anotherway ” element might be more desirable and will show it more over time .
A goal can be recorded by specifying a goal name and a weight for completing the goal .
You ’ll need to call a JavaScript method that records the completion of a goal wherever in your code you think the goal was completed ( such as the user signing up for something ) .
genetify.record.goal ( ' signup ' , 100 ) ;
The next - most - common technique will likely be that of toggling CSS rules .
Multiple rules are defined using a similar name but with the addition of a simple alphabetical name on the end which is used for categorization .
#navbar { color : red ; } #navbar_vA { color : green ; } #navbar_vB { color : blue ; }
Note that you can have any number of rules – you are n’t limited to the traditional “ A / B ” style of testing where there ’s only two options – specifying any number of rules will continue to yield results .
Finally Genetify provides the developer with the ability to toggle JavaScript variables .
highlight = function ( elem ) { elem.style.borderColor = ' green ' ; } highlight_vRed = function ( elem ) { elem.style.borderColor = ' red ' ; }
I ’m less excited about this particular technique – it ’s kind of clumsy to clutter the global namespace with variables and to expect a changed output .
I think a better technique would be to toggle a property value within the genetify object and check how that ’s changed , instead .
Perhaps the biggest question that surrounds Genetify , right now , is over its longevity and openness .
It seems like the project has taken the backburner in favor of the team ’s other project , SnapAds ( and understandably so – since that has an obvious revenue stream ) .
Although a recent comment by its creator , over at Hacker News has fueled speculation :
He ’s looking for interest in the possibility of open sourcing the codebase for anyone to use .
Right now Genetify is two components :
The JavaScript frontend that does the A/B rotation of site components .
Currently this file is only available on the Genetify demo site as a doubly - packed file ( using Dean Edwards ’ Packer ) .
It was n’t too hard to un -pack it and run it through a JavaScript beautifier in order to get some sane output .
Of course that does n’t make it any more “ open source ” – just developer - readable .
You can now tweak the code to communicate with the server of your choosing , instead .
The Genetify backend is unclear at this point .
It appears to only exist on the Genetify servers and it ’s not clear if the backend will accept input from non-Genetify domains .
If the intent of the team holds true then should probably see this code become available soon .
I ’m already quite excited about this utility .
I think it shows a lot of promise for developers who want to roll their own A/B testing solutions .
I hope the team comes through and releases an Open Source solution that developers can really start to hack on it .
Hugo 's book was made into a hugely successful stage production
Two modern - day sequels to Victor Hugo 's classic Les Miserables have been allowed by a French appeals court .
In 2001 , novelist Francois Ceresa published the follow - ups to the acclaimed 19th - Century classic .
But Hugo 's family objected to the books - Cosette and the Time of Illusions and Marius or The Fugitive - arguing they were an insult to the original work .
The Paris High Court ruled they did not constitute a threat to the integrity of the original novel .
Hugo 's heirs - including his great , great grandson Pierre Hugo - filed a suit in 2001 demanding 685,000 euros ( £ 636,181 ) in damages from Ceresa , who wrote the novels using the characters and style of Les Miserables .
They also sought to ban the two books .
Public domain
The family had since reduced its claim to a symbolic one euro in damages and dropped the idea of outlawing the books .
But the court ruled on Friday that Hugo 's novel was in the public domain , meaning Ceresa was therefore free to invent a sequel .
" Francois Ceresa , who does not pretend to have Victor Hugo 's talent , is free to pursue his own personal expression , which does not necessarily act on all the levels that Victor Hugo was able to access , " the judges ruled .
" We can't criticise the author of this sequel ... not to have respected the learned construction of the primary work , which functions on many levels through philosophical and historical asides , " they added .
" He is also free to develop the characters that he brings back to life in new situations . "
Hugo 's family were particularly annoyed that Ceresa had resurrected the policeman Inspector Javert , who drowned in the Seine in the course of Les Miserables for the modern sequels .
But the judges decided it was not sufficient reason to ban the sequels .
They said : " The general spirit of Les Miserables can not be reduced to Javert 's fate , but embraces a much wider social and philosophical project . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Ted Stevens can't catch a break .
It 's the least of his concerns at the moment , but , from the AP ...
WASHINGTON – Convicted Sen .
Ted Stevens has temporarily lost his license to practice law in the District of Columbia , a decision that could become permanent after further proceedings .
Stevens ' case now goes to the District 's Board on Professional Responsibility , which can reprimand Stevens or ask the District of Columbia Court of Appeals to disbar him .
The chief judge of that court , Eric Washington , issued the temporary suspension order Thursday .
The 85 - year - old Stevens , R - Alaska , lost his bid for re-election .
The Senate 's longest - serving Republican was convicted on seven counts of lying on Senate financial disclosure documents to hide hundreds of thousands of dollars in gifts and home renovations .
The conviction triggered the procedure against Stevens , who has the right to contest the action .
The retiring senator has asked for a new trial .
He has not been sentenced .
You have already voted for this video .
This video was shot in the Sea of Cortez between Isla la Guardia and Bajia de los Angeles .
While fishing we ...
This video was shot in the Sea of Cortez between Isla la Guardia and Bajia de los Angeles .
While fishing we ran through a pod of several hundred dolphins .
This is part of what we saw .
The plan is n’t foolproof .
For it to work , certain things must happen :
Illustration by Michael Kupperman
— The door to the vault must have accidentally been left open by the cleaning woman .
— The guard must bend over to tie his shoes and somehow he gets all the shoelaces tied together .
He ca n’t get them apart , so he takes out his gun and shoots all his bullets at the knot .
But he misses .
Then he just lies down on the floor and goes to sleep .
— Most of the customers in the bank must happen to be wearing Nixon masks , so when we come in wearing our Nixon masks it does n’t alarm anyone .
— There must be an empty parking space right out in front .
If it has a meter , there must be time left on it , because our outfits do n’t have pockets for change .
— The monkeys must grab the bags of money and not just shriek and go running all over the place , like they did in the practice run .
— The security cameras must be the early , old - timey kind that do n’t actually take pictures .
— When the big clock in the lobby strikes two , everyone must stop and stare at it for at least ten minutes .
— The bank alarm must have mistakenly been set to “ Quiet . ”
Or “ Ebb tide . ”
— The gold bars must be made out of a lighter kind of gold that ’s just as valuable but easier to carry .
— If somebody runs out of the bank and yells , “ Help !
The bank is being robbed ! , ” he must be a neighborhood crazy person who people just laugh at .
— If the police come , they do n’t notice that the historical mural on the wall is actually us , holding still .
— The bank ’s lost - and - found department must have a gun that fires a suction cup with a wire attached to it .
Also a chainsaw and a hang glider .
— When we spray the lobby with knockout gas , for some reason the gas does n’t work on us .
— After the suction cup is stuck to the ceiling , it must hold long enough for Leon to pull himself up the wire while carrying the bags of money , the gold bars , and the hang glider .
When he reaches the ceiling , he must be able to cut through it with the chainsaw and climb out .
— Any fingerprints we leave must be erased by the monkeys .
— Once on the roof , Leon must be able to hold on to the hang glider with one hand and the money and the gold bars with the other and launch himself off the roof .
Then glide the twenty miles to the rendezvous point .
— When we exit the bank , there must be a parade going by , so our getaway car , which is decorated to look like a float , can blend right in .
— During the parade , our car must not win a prize for best float , because then we ’ll have to have our picture taken with the award .
— At the rendezvous point , there must be an empty parking space with a meter that takes hundred - dollar bills .
— The robbery is blamed on the monkeys . ♦
COVINGTON , La. ( AP ) 
A woman invited to a rural Louisiana campsite for a Ku Klux Klan initiation ritual was shot and killed after she asked to be taken back to town , a sheriff said Tuesday .
Eight people were arrested after authorities found the woman 's body hidden under some brush , on the side of a road several miles from the remote campsite where the initiation was planned .
Investigators found weapons , several flags and six Klan robes at the campsite , St. Tammany Parish Sheriff Jack Strain said in a news release .
Strain said the woman , whose identity was not released , was recruited over the Internet to participate in the ritual and then return to her home state of Oklahoma to find other members for the white supremacist group .
But Strain said the group 's leader , Raymond " Chuck " Foster , 44 , shot and killed the woman Sunday after a fight broke out when she tried to leave .
Foster was charged with second - degree murder and is being held without bond .
Capt .
George Bonnett , a spokesman for the sheriff 's department , said he did n't know what the initiation involved .
" We have n't completely sorted out if they finished the initiation , " he said .
" I assume that they had started it , but I do n't know if they were finished . "
Bonnett said he does n't know if Foster has an attorney .
He also said that in three years with the department , this was the first time he had seen a case involving the KKK .
Seven others were charged with obstruction of justice and were held on $ 500,000 bond at the St. Tammany Parish jail .
All eight of the suspects live in neighboring Washington Parish , but Bonnett said he could n't immediately identify their hometowns .
Authorities said some of the suspects tried to conceal the crime by burning the woman 's belongings along with other items at the campsite .
Strain said the woman arrived in the Slidell , Louisiana , area last week and was met by two people connected to the Klan group .
She was taken over the weekend to the campsite near Sun , Louisiana , on the banks of the Pearl River .
Sun is about 60 miles north of New Orleans .
Copyright 2008 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
[ social_buttons ]
Framed by the fall color of 100 year - old cottonwoods , Senator Barack Obama addressed an estimated crowd of 50,000 people in the Oval at Colorado State University in Fort Collins on Sunday .
The stop was the second of the day for the Democratic candidate for President , who drew 100,000 people to Civic Center Park in Denver , 60 miles to the south .
Seeing the sheer volume of people attending these two events patiently waiting in lines that stretched up to two miles long , striking up unlikely conversations and talking politics with new friends , was to see the tangible evidence of the punctuation on a political shift in Colorado that might just help put Barack Obama in the White House .
Before I moved to Fort Collins in 2001 to attend graduate school I knew that it was relocating to a part of the state that trended conservative .
More than a couple of times I heard it described as a place “ where the streets are wide and the minds are narrow . ”
But what struck me about Fort Collins was not how conservative it was , but rather how apolitical it was , or seemed .
Folks in the area did not wear their politics on their sleeves and that is what is so striking about the huge turnout on Sunday .
As late as 2002 , Republicans held the governorship in Colorado , both chambers in the state Legislature , both U.S. Senate seats , and five of the state ’s seven U.S. House seats .
But the Republican coalition of social and fiscal conservatives began to fall apart soon after , partly because of a sizable demographic shift that saw As Ronald Brownstein writes in the conservative National Journal :
“ Since then [ 2002 ] , Democrats have staged a remarkably rapid and widespread recovery .
In 2004 , Democrats recaptured majorities in both the state Senate and the state House , flipped a U.S. House seat , and elected Ken Salazar to succeed retiring Republican Sen. Ben Nighthorse Campbell .
In 2006 , the party enlarged its majorities in both chambers of the Legislature ; won a majority of the congressional delegation … and elected former Denver District Attorney Bill Ritter governor by a landslide . ”
This year , Democrats are also positioning themselves to take another U.S. Senate seat .
Polls show Udall leading former Rep. Bob Schaffer for the seat being vacated by Republican Wayne Allard .
Voter turnout in Colorado is expected to be high , thanks in no small part to the state ’s early voting and mail - in ballot programs .
While high voter turnout is believed to help Obama , an Obama win is not a foregone conlclusion .
But if the Democrat draws people to the polls in the same numbers and level of intensity he maintained here from the February caucus all the way through Sunday ’s rallies in Denver and Fort Collins , he ’s got a real good chance .
Image : Tim Hurst
SAN FRANCISCO 
When Proposition K was added to Tuesday ’s ballot , many people likely snickered at the possibility that San Francisco might take its place alongside such prostitute - friendly havens as Amsterdam and a few rural counties in nearby Nevada .
But this week , it became readily apparent that city officials are not laughing anymore about the measure , which would effectively decriminalize the world ’s oldest profession in San Francisco .
At a news conference on Wednesday , Mayor Gavin Newsom and other opponents seemed genuinely worried that Proposition K might pass .
“ This is not cute .
This is not fanciful , ” Mr. Newsom said , standing in front of the pink - on - pink facade of a closed massage parlor in the Tenderloin district .
“ This is a big mistake . ”
Supporters of the measure say it is a long - overdue correction of a criminal approach toward prostitutes , which neither rehabilitates nor helps them , and often ignores their complaints of abuse .
There will , of course , be a last - minute rush to the shops for seasonal treats ; there always is , even in the darkest of times .
But this year ’s will be restrained .
Falling house prices and rising unemployment , once just topics for discussion by commentators , are now harsh realities across Britain .
Interest - rate cuts that were meant to boost confidence have not been passed on in full .
And the availability of unsecured credit ( plastic ) is shrivelling .
Everywhere , it seems , the debt boom is over .
Everywhere except in the Government .
2020 2020 MTV Video Music Awards ( TV Special ) ( performer : " Midnight Sky " )
( TV Special ) ( performer : " Midnight Sky " )
2019 3 Engel für Charlie ( performer : " Do n't Call Me Angel ( Charlie 's Angels ) " ) / ( writer : " Do n't Call Me Angel ( Charlie 's Angels ) " )
( performer : " Do n't Call Me Angel ( Charlie 's Angels ) " ) / ( writer : " Do n't Call Me Angel ( Charlie 's Angels ) " )
2019 2019 MTV Video Music Awards ( TV Special ) ( performer : " Slide Away " ) / ( writer : " Slide Away " )
( TV Special ) ( performer : " Slide Away " ) / ( writer : " Slide Away " )
Tatort ( TV Series ) ( performer - 1 episode , 2019 ) ( writer - 1 episode , 2019 )
Nemesis ( 2019 ) ... ( performer : " Nothing Breaks Like a Heart " ) / ( writer : " Nothing Breaks Like a Heart " ) ( TV Series ) ( performer - 1 episode , 2019 ) ( writer - 1 episode , 2019 )
2019 A Dona do Pedaço ( TV Series ) ( performer : " Nothing Breaks Like a Heart " ) / ( writer : " Nothing Breaks Like a Heart " )
( TV Series ) ( performer : " Nothing Breaks Like a Heart " ) / ( writer : " Nothing Breaks Like a Heart " )
2019 The 61st Annual Grammy Awards ( TV Special ) ( performer : " Jolene " , " After The Gold Rush " , " 9 to 5 " )
( TV Special ) ( performer : " Jolene " , " After The Gold Rush " , " 9 to 5 " )
2018 El lenguaje olvidado ( Documentary short ) ( " Wrecking Ball " )
( Documentary short ) ( " Wrecking Ball " )
2018 The 60th Annual Grammy Awards ( TV Special ) ( performer : " Tiny Dancer " )
( TV Special ) ( performer : " Tiny Dancer " )
2018 Assassination Nation ( writer : " We Can't Stop " )
( writer : " We Can't Stop " )
2017 2017 MTV Video Music Awards ( TV Special ) ( performer : " Younger Now " ) / ( writer : " Younger Now " )
( TV Special ) ( performer : " Younger Now " ) / ( writer : " Younger Now " )
2017 One Love Manchester ( TV Special ) ( performer : " Happy " )
( TV Special ) ( performer : " Happy " )
2015 A Very Murray Christmas ( TV Special ) ( performer : " Let It Snow ! Let It Snow ! Let It Snow ! " , " Sleigh Ride " , " Silent Night " )
( TV Special ) ( performer : " Let It Snow ! Let It Snow ! Let It Snow ! " , " Sleigh Ride " , " Silent Night " )
2015 Freeheld : Jede Liebe ist gleich ( performer : " Hands of Love " )
( performer : " Hands of Love " )
2015 2015 MTV Video Music Awards ( TV Special ) ( performer : " Dooo It ! " ) / ( writer : " Dooo It ! " )
( TV Special ) ( performer : " Dooo It ! " ) / ( writer : " Dooo It ! " )
2015 20 Moments That Rocked Pop ( TV Movie documentary ) ( performer : " Blurred Lines " , " Wrecking Ball " - uncredited )
( TV Movie documentary ) ( performer : " Blurred Lines " , " Wrecking Ball " - uncredited )
2015 Dating Queen ( performer : " Do My Thang " ) / ( writer : " Do My Thang " )
( performer : " Do My Thang " ) / ( writer : " Do My Thang " )
2015 Modern Drug ( Short ) ( performer : " Wrecking Ball " )
( Short ) ( performer : " Wrecking Ball " )
2015 Saturday Night Live : 40th Anniversary Special ( TV Special ) ( performer : " 50 Ways to Leave Your Lover " )
( TV Special ) ( performer : " 50 Ways to Leave Your Lover " )
2014 Miley Cyrus : Bangerz Tour ( TV Special ) ( performer : " SMS ( Bangerz ) " , " 4x4 " , " Love Money Party " , " Maybe You 're Right " , " FU " , " Do My Thang " , " Get It Right " , " Ca n't Be Tamed " , " Adore You " , " Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds " , " Drive " , " Rooting for My Baby " , " Hey Ya " , " Jolene " , " On My Own " , " Someone Else " , " We Can't Stop " , " Wrecking Ball " , " Party in the U.S.A. " ) / ( writer : " SMS ( Bangerz ) " , " 4x4 " , " Love Money Party " , " Maybe You 're Right " , " FU " , " Do My Thang " , " Ca n't Be Tamed " , " Drive " , " Rooting for My Baby " , " Someone Else " , " We Can't Stop " )
( TV Special ) ( performer : " SMS ( Bangerz ) " , " 4x4 " , " Love Money Party " , " Maybe You 're Right " , " FU " , " Do My Thang " , " Get It Right " , " Ca n't Be Tamed " , " Adore You " , " Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds " , " Drive " , " Rooting for My Baby " , " Hey Ya " , " Jolene " , " On My Own " , " Someone Else " , " We Can't Stop " , " Wrecking Ball " , " Party in the U.S.A. " ) / ( writer : " SMS ( Bangerz ) " , " 4x4 " , " Love Money Party " , " Maybe You 're Right " , " FU " , " Do My Thang " , " Ca n't Be Tamed " , " Drive " , " Rooting for My Baby " , " Someone Else " , " We Can't Stop " )
2014 2014 Billboard Music Awards ( TV Special ) ( performer : " Lucy in the Sky With Diamonds " )
( TV Special ) ( performer : " Lucy in the Sky With Diamonds " )
2014 21 Hottest Girls in Pop Right Now ( TV Special ) ( performer : " We Can't Stop " )
( TV Special ) ( performer : " We Can't Stop " )
Unplugged ( TV Series documentary ) ( performer - 1 episode , 2014 ) ( writer - 1 episode , 2014 )
Miley Cyrus ( 2014 ) ... ( performer : " Jolene " , " Do n't Tell Me / We Can't Stop " ) / ( writer : " Do n't Tell Me / We Can't Stop " ) ( TV Series documentary ) ( performer - 1 episode , 2014 ) ( writer - 1 episode , 2014 )
2013 American Music Awards 2013 ( TV Special ) ( performer : " Wrecking Ball " )
( TV Special ) ( performer : " Wrecking Ball " )
2013 Miley : The Movement ( TV Movie documentary ) ( performer : " SMS ( Bangerz ) " ) / ( writer : " SMS ( Bangerz ) " )
( TV Movie documentary ) ( performer : " SMS ( Bangerz ) " ) / ( writer : " SMS ( Bangerz ) " )
2013 2013 MTV Video Music Awards ( TV Special ) ( performer : " We Can't Stop " , " Blurred Lines " ) / ( writer : " We Can't Stop " )
( TV Special ) ( performer : " We Can't Stop " , " Blurred Lines " ) / ( writer : " We Can't Stop " )
2013 Amor à Vida ( TV Series ) ( performer : " We Can't Stop " ) / ( writer : " We Can't Stop " )
( TV Series ) ( performer : " We Can't Stop " ) / ( writer : " We Can't Stop " )
2012 VH1 Divas 2012 ( TV Special ) ( performer : " Rebel Yell " )
( TV Special ) ( performer : " Rebel Yell " )
2011 Disney Friends for Change Games ( TV Special ) ( performer : " Send It On " )
( TV Special ) ( performer : " Send It On " )
2010 Dolly Celebrates 25 Years of Dollywood ( TV Special ) ( performer : " Jolene " , " Romeo " , " My Tennessee Mountain Home " )
( TV Special ) ( performer : " Jolene " , " Romeo " , " My Tennessee Mountain Home " )
2010 Kerry and Me ( TV Movie documentary ) ( performer : " The Climb " - uncredited )
( TV Movie documentary ) ( performer : " The Climb " - uncredited )
2010 Mit Dir an meiner Seite ( performer : " She Will Be Loved " , " When I Look At You " , " I Hope You Find It " )
( performer : " She Will Be Loved " , " When I Look At You " , " I Hope You Find It " )
2009 Hannah Montana : The Movie ( Video Game ) ( writer : " Do n't Walk Away " )
( Video Game ) ( writer : " Do n't Walk Away " )
2009 Karaoke Revolution ( Video Game ) ( performer : " 7 Things " ) / ( writer : " 7 Things " )
( Video Game ) ( performer : " 7 Things " ) / ( writer : " 7 Things " )
2009 The Teen Choice Awards 2009 ( TV Special ) ( performer : " Party in the U.S.A . " )
( TV Special ) ( performer : " Party in the U.S.A . " )
2009 Hannah Montana : Der Film ( performer : " Do n't Walk Away " , " Dream " , " Hoedown Throwdown " , " Butterfly Fly Away " , " The Climb " , " Spotlight " , " What 's Not To Like " ) / ( performer : " The Best of Both Worlds ; The 2009 Movie Mix " , " The Good Life " , " Let 's Get Crazy " , " Rockstar " , " You 'll Always Find Your Way Back Home " , " Let's Do This " - as Hannah Montana ) / ( writer : " Do n't Walk Away " )
( performer : " Do n't Walk Away " , " Dream " , " Hoedown Throwdown " , " Butterfly Fly Away " , " The Climb " , " Spotlight " , " What 's Not To Like " ) / ( performer : " The Best of Both Worlds ; The 2009 Movie Mix " , " The Good Life " , " Let 's Get Crazy " , " Rockstar " , " You 'll Always Find Your Way Back Home " , " Let's Do This " - as Hannah Montana ) / ( writer : " Do n't Walk Away " )
2009 Die Jagd zum magischen Berg ( performer : " Fly on the Wall " ) / ( writer : " Fly on the Wall " )
( performer : " Fly on the Wall " ) / ( writer : " Fly on the Wall " )
2009 Radio Disney Jams 11 : Bonus DVD ( Video documentary short ) ( performer : " Fly on the Wall " )
( Video documentary short ) ( performer : " Fly on the Wall " )
2008 Bolt : Ein Hund für alle Fälle ( performer : " I Thought I Lost You " ) / ( writer : " I Thought I Lost You " )
( performer : " I Thought I Lost You " ) / ( writer : " I Thought I Lost You " )
2008 The Teen Choice Awards 2008 ( TV Special ) ( performer : " 7 Things " ) / ( writer : " 7 Things " )
( TV Special ) ( performer : " 7 Things " ) / ( writer : " 7 Things " )
2008 Hannah Montana and Miley Cyrus : Best of Both Worlds Concert ( Documentary ) ( : ( uncredited , " I Miss You " , ( uncredited , " I Miss You " , " Girls Night Out " - ( writer : " Let 's Dance " , " See You Again " , " Right Here " ( performer : " Let 's Dance " , " Ready , Set , Don't Go " , " The Best of Both Worlds " , " Who Said " , " We Got the Party " , " Start All Over " , " See You Again " , " Right Here " , uncredited ) / ( performer : " Rock Star " , " Pumpin ' Up the Party " , " I Got Nerve " , " Life 's What You Make It " , " Just Like You " , " Old Blue Jeans " , " Nobody 's Perfect " , " If We Were a Movie " - as Hannah Montana )
( Documentary ) ( : ( uncredited , " I Miss You " , ( uncredited , " I Miss You " , " Girls Night Out " - ( writer : " Let 's Dance " , " See You Again " , " Right Here " ( performer : " Let 's Dance " , " Ready , Set , Don't Go " , " The Best of Both Worlds " , " Who Said " , " We Got the Party " , " Start All Over " , " See You Again " , " Right Here " , uncredited ) / ( performer : " Rock Star " , " Pumpin ' Up the Party " , " I Got Nerve " , " Life 's What You Make It " , " Just Like You " , " Old Blue Jeans " , " Nobody 's Perfect " , " If We Were a Movie " - as Hannah Montana )
2008 Hannah Montana : One in a Million ( Video ) ( performer : " Best of Both Worlds " , " True Friend " )
( Video ) ( performer : " Best of Both Worlds " , " True Friend " )
2008 Radio Disney Jams 10 : Bonus DVD ( Video documentary short ) ( performer : " Nobody 's Perfect " )
( Video documentary short ) ( performer : " Nobody 's Perfect " )
2007 Thrillville : Off the Rails ( Video Game ) ( performer : " East Northumberland High " , " Good and Broken " ) / ( writer : " Good and Broken " )
( Video Game ) ( performer : " East Northumberland High " , " Good and Broken " ) / ( writer : " Good and Broken " )
2007 Daddy ohne Plan ( performer : " Best of Both Worlds " , " Pumping Up the Party " - as Hannah Montana )
( performer : " Best of Both Worlds " , " Pumping Up the Party " - as Hannah Montana )
2007 Radio Disney Jams , Vol. 9 : Bonus DVD ( Video short ) ( performer : " Best of Both Worlds " )
( Video short ) ( performer : " Best of Both Worlds " )
By
( SKY NEWS ) News Corp chairman Rupert Murdoch has suggested the company ’s online newspaper pages will be invisible to Google users when it launches its new paid content strategy .
He claimed that readers who randomly reach a page via an internet search hold little value to advertisers .
When asked by Sky News Australia ’s political editor David Speers why News Corp has not stopped Google from finding its content , Mr Murdoch replied : “ I think we will . ”
He cited the Wall Street Journal as an example of where only the first paragraph comes up on search engines and is free .
Anything after that is subscription - based .
He is planning to make newspapers like The Times and Sunday Times chargeable online .
Using the robots .
txt protocol on a site indicates to automated web spiders such as Google ’s not to index that particular page or to serve up links to it in users ’ search results .
As well as Google , he criticised other sites like Microsoft and Ask.com for also taking a free ride on its content – “ the people who just simply pick up everything and run with it – steal our stories … without payment ” , he claimed .
He said : “ There ’s not enough advertising in the world to make all the websites profitable .
We ’d rather have fewer people coming to our websites but paying .
“ There are no news websites or blog websites anywhere in the world making any serious money , some may be breaking even or making a couple of million . ”
Referring to people finding News Corp stories via search engine websites , he said : “ When they click it , they get the page with the story that ’s in our paper .
“ Who knows who they are or where they are .
They do n’t suddenly become loyal readers of our content . ”
He then turned his attention to the BBC , saying it was a “ scandal ” that everyone with a TV was “ compelled ” to pay a licence fee .
He said although the BBC did not charge for its own online content , it was the taxpayer who was ultimately paying for it .
Earlier in the year , his son , James Murdoch , called for major changes in the way UK broadcasting is run and regulated , and strongly criticised the BBC and TV watchdogs .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sewucH3rOPM
:: News Corporation is a major shareholder in BSkyB , which owns Sky News .
http://news.sky.com/skynews/Home/Business/News-Corp-Boss-Rupert-Murdoch-Says-Online-Newspaper-Pages-Will-Be-Invisible-To-Google-Users/Article/200911215446006?lpos=Business_First_Home_Article_Teaser_Region_7&lid=ARTICLE_15446006_News_Corp_Boss_Rupert_Murd
15th October 2008 , 06:17 pm
Function memoization goes back at least as far as Donald Michie ’s 1968 paper .
The idea is to stash away results of a function call for reuse when a function is called more than once with the same argument .
Given an argument , the memoized function looks up the argument in the internal memo table ( often a hash table ) .
If found , the previously computed result is reused .
Otherwise , the function is applied , and the result is stored in the table , keyed by the argument .
The table and its mutation are kept private from clients of the memo function .
Perhaps surprisingly , memoization can be implemented simply and purely functionally in a lazy functional language .
Laziness allows the implementation to build the memo table once and for all , filling in all the results for the function at all domain values .
Thanks to laziness , the values do n’t actually get computed until they ’re used .
As usual with lazy data structures , once a component has been evaluated , future accesses come for free .
The implementation described in this post is based one I got from Spencer Janssen .
It uses the essential idea of Ralf Hinze ’s paper Generalizing Generalized Tries .
The library is available on Hackage and a darcs repository .
See the wiki page and hackage page for documentation and source code .
I ’ve compiled it successfully with ghc versions 6.8.2 through 6.10.3 .
Edits :
2009 -02 - 12 : Fixed typo .
2009 - 11 - 14 : Hackage page pointer .
2009 - 11 - 20 : Fixed source code pointer .
Memo tries
The central idea of the function memoizer is associating a type of trie to each domain type want to memoize over .
class HasTrie a where
data ( ↛ ) a ∷ * → *
where a ↛ b represents a trie that maps values of type a to values of type b .
The trie representation depends only on a .
For more information on the recent " associated types " feature of Haskell , see Associated Types with Class .
In addition to the trie type , the HasTrie class contains converters between functions and tries : trie ∷ ( a → b ) → ( a ↛ b )
untrie ∷ ( a ↛ b ) → ( a → b )
The trie and untrie methods must be inverses : trie ∘ untrie ≡ id
untrie ∘ trie ≡ id
Given the HasTrie class , memoization is trivial to implement : memo ∷ HasTrie a ⇒ ( a → b ) → ( a → b )
memo = untrie ∘ trie
The second inverse property implies that memo is the identity function ( semantically ) .
Multi-argument curried functions can be memoized by repeated uses of memo .
See the source code .
Some trie representations
Now let 's consider choices for trie representations .
As in Generalizing Generalized Tries , the key is to exploit some type isomorphisms .
1 → a ≅ a ( a + b ) → c ≅ ( a → c ) × ( b → c ) ( a × b ) → c ≅ a → ( b → c ) which correspond to the familiar laws of exponents a 1 = a ca + b = ca × cb ca × b = ( cb ) a Writing these type isomorphisms in Haskell : ( ( ) → a ) ≅ a
( Either a b → c ) ≅ ( a → c , b → c )
( ( a , b ) → c ) ≅ ( a → ( b → c ) )
Start with the simplest domain , namely ( ) .
Since there is only one ( non-bottom ) value of type ( ) , a trie over ( ) contains just a single value , as suggested in the isomorphism equation .
instance HasTrie ( ) where
data ( ) ↛ a = UnitTrie a
trie f = UnitTrie ( f ( ) )
untrie ( UnitTrie a ) = const a
A trie for sum- valued domains contains two tries : instance ( HasTrie a , HasTrie b ) ⇒ HasTrie ( Either a b ) where
data ( Either a b ) ↛ x = EitherTrie ( a ↛ x ) ( b ↛ x )
trie f = EitherTrie ( trie ( f ∘ Left ) ) ( trie ( f ∘ Right ) )
untrie ( EitherTrie s t ) = either ( untrie s ) ( untrie t )
While a trie for pair - valued domains contains nested tries : instance ( HasTrie a , HasTrie b ) ⇒ HasTrie ( a , b ) where
data ( a , b ) ↛ x = PairTrie ( a ↛ ( b ↛ x ) )
trie f = PairTrie ( trie ( trie ∘ curry f ) )
untrie ( PairTrie t ) = uncurry ( untrie ∘ untrie t )
Exercise : Prove that trie and untrie are inverses of each other ( in both directions ) for the definitions above .
My proofs are in the source code .
Tries for other types , such as Bool , can be implemented via isomorphisms using the types above , or directly .
For instance , an unsigned word can be converted to a list of booleans : instance HasTrie Word where
data Word ↛ a = WordTrie ([ Bool ] ↛ a )
trie f = WordTrie ( trie ( f ∘ unbits ) )
untrie ( WordTrie t) = untrie t ∘ bits
where bits ∷
Bits t ⇒ t → [ Bool ]
unbits ∷ Bits t ⇒ [ Bool ] → t
What 's coming ?
I hope you 've gotten a taste of the elegance this functional means of making memo functions .
Future blog posts will include : algebraic construction of memo tries , using type class morphisms , and
the use of memo tries for simple and efficient representations of general linear maps .
Function memoization goes back at least as far as Donald Michie ’s 1968 paper .
The idea is to stash away results of a function call for reuse when a function is ...
A Canadian man who allegedly concealed about 12 kilograms of cocaine in the lining of two suitcases has been intercepted at Sydney airport , authorities say .
The 19 - year - old man arrived at Sydney 's international airport from Canada on Monday .
When customs officers examined his baggage they allegedly found two packages concealed within the lining of two suitcases .
Tests revealed the packages contained cocaine , Customs said , adding that forensic testing was being carried out to determine its exact purity and quantity .
The man was referred to the Australian Federal Police and charged with importing a commercial quantity of a border controlled drug .
He was due to face Sydney 's Central Local Court on Tuesday afternoon .
The maximum penalty for this offence is life imprisonment and / or a $ 825,000 fine .
Mitt Romney seems to use the word " liberal " in a randomly perjorative fashion .
I half expect him to say " I was eating breakfast this morning , and my hash browns were all liberal .
I sent them back and told the waitress to bring me some good , conservative hash browns .
He also seems to think that giving American citizens habeas corpus rights is some sort of crazy scheme dreamed up by liberal justices intent on destroying America 's proud tradition of secret trials and warrantless arrests .
Jim Henley seems sort of prescient :
John McCain is , and as Larison says , John McCain would be everything anyone hated about the Bush years minus the occasional bouts of temperance .
Eve and Nat Hentoff ( whom she links ) wonder if Palin would be " as flip - flopping as Mr. McCain on the Bush torture policy , " which is an odd way to put it .
There 's no evidence that Palin has a preexisting torture policy to flip away from , let alone what it would be .
What there is evidence of is : Sarah Palin is John McCain 's running mate , not the other way around .
Sarah Palin and John McCain are running under the aegis of the Republican Party , which has made support for torture a litmus - test issue .
The open source Ruby programming language is growing fast in terms of adoption , thanks in part to the Rails framework -- often referred to as Ruby on Rails .
Rails , however , is n't the only game in town when in comes to Ruby frameworks .
A new , open source Ruby framework called Merb is now taking shape with the promise of being even more adaptable to developers ' needs than Rails .
Merb 1.0 is currently in development with a final release targeted for the end of October .
The rise of Merb comes as Ruby itself is on the ascent , with developer search engine Koders.com claiming that Ruby is now the fourth - most popular language , following Java , C/C+ and C#. According to Merb 's supporters , the field 's newest entrant could prove be the catalyst needed to propel Ruby even further , enabling it to better challenge traditional enterprise frameworks .
" Merb started as a way to do things that Rails could n't do efficiently , but over time , it became more like a Rails replacement , " Yehuda Katz , Merb 's project maintainer and developer , told InternetNews.com .
" For Merb 1.0 , it pretty much does everything that Rails knows how to do .
The main difference is that Merb focuses on efficiency and speed as well as modularity and hackability . "
Katz argued that Rails makes some assumptions about how the vast majority of developers plan to use it , enabling users to get up and running quickly .
Merb is a little different , Katz said .
While it's also focused on speeding developers ' work along , it also allows for more granular control , he said .
In particular , the framework 's designers aim for it to be agnostic in terms of the specific tools and libraries it uses , giving programmers more choice .
One example is that Merb provides a module for authentication support but also provides a way for developers to create their own strategies for authentication , Katz said .
Greater control is one aspect that appeals even to longtime Rails users .
Among the largest Ruby projects is the open source Metasploit security testing framework , led by developer H. D. Moore .
" I use Rails for both the Metasploit.com Web site and the MSFWeb user interface in the Metasploit Framework , " Moore told InternetNews.com .
" While the functionality is nice , Rails is somewhat restrictive in terms of what you can do with it .
The common analogy is Rails provides the structure to get started easily , but also the shackles that make it hard to implement advanced features . "
Merb 's supporters are banking that its approach will win the framework fans among enterprise developers seeking greater customization options than Rails can offer .
Next steps , next targets
While Merb is initially focused on wooing current Rails developers , Katz has others in his sights as well .
" We 're targeting Rails developers that need to customize Rails more than Rails allows for , " Katz said .
" We 're also targeting design shops that are using PHP . "
In Katz 's view , PHP is widely used by Web design shops since it 's easy to set up and get running .
In contrast , he said , Rails requires a massive directory structure that developers need to understand .
" Merb has a way of creating a new Merb app that is simple and small ... easy for new designers to look at and wrap their head around , " Katz said .
Despite its promise , however , Merb may still have some ways to go .
Apple has threatened to shut down the iTunes music store if an obscure three - person board appointed by the Librarian of Congress increase the royalties paid to publishers and songwriters by six cents per song .
The Copyright Royalty Board is scheduled to hand down its decision on these rates by Thursday .
As part of their general muscle - flexing of late , music publishers asked the board to increase the royalties paid to publishers and songwriters for the sale of digital downloads from 9 cents to 15 cents per song .
Apple — which has mightily resisted tampering in any way with its 99 cent price point for tracks — said that if the rate hike goes through and the labels refuse to absorb the entire resulting increase , the iTunes music store will become unprofitable .
And , Apple says , it likes making money .
“ If the [ iTunes music store ] was forced to absorb any increase in the… royalty rate , the result would be to significantly increase the likelihood of the store operating at a financial loss — which is no alternative at all , ” wrote Apple iTunes vice president Eddy Cue in a statement filed with the board last year , according to Fortune .
“ Apple has repeatedly made it clear that it is in this business to make money , and most likely would not continue to operate [ the iTunes music store ] if it were no longer possible to do so profitably . ”
Out of each 99 cent song , Apple currently pays artists and labels an estimated 65 to 70 cents per song , 9 cents of which they currently pass on to publishers .
According to Apple , the 66 percent increase in publishing royalties to 15 cents per song requested by the National Association of Music Publishers ( NMPA ) is too much for the company to bear .
Of course , Apple could simply tack the extra six cents onto the price of each song in its store and make up the difference that way .
But part of iTunes ’ longstanding allure is that every track costs 99 cents ( with the exception of DRM - free tracks in the iTunes Plus previous to October ’ 07 ) .
Steve Jobs is unlikely to raise the standard track price on iTunes to $ 1.05 , although that would probably be just fine with the labels , which have been pressuring Apple to budge on its 99 cents per track policy for years by allowing Amazon to sell DRM - free albums that they insist be wrapped in DRM when iTunes sells them , among other things .
Despite this pressure , Jobs has refused to relent , continuing to insist on the 99 cent flat pricing structure .
It ’s hard to believe that Apple would close iTunes rather than raise prices , but that ’s exactly what iTunes vice president Cue threatened to do .
Prospects for the record labels absorbing the entire increase are dim .
They ’re not trying to do Apple any favors when it comes to keeping the price of songs at 99 cents , and a 15 cents per song publishing royalty would gobble over 20 percent of their per-song revenue .
Apple will almost certainly have to pony up some of any additional fees , meaning that it ’ll either have to raise prices , run the store at a loss or stop selling music altogether .
According to Cue ’s statement to the board , Apple prefers the third option .
Apple and the NMPA had no comment .
The Copyright Royalty Board , pictured above , is set to announce its ruling on digital publishing royalties for the first time ever by Thursday .
Previously , digital downloads had operated under the same rate that governed the sale of physical albums .
In addition , the board will set new publishing royalty rates for physical albums and ringtones .
The new rates will be in effect for the next five years .
The previous rate of nine cents per track has been in effect since ’ 96 ( updated ) — one reason publishers say it ’s high time for an increase .
Update : I ’m at a conference , but Threat Level posted a follow - up story about the CRB ’s decision to leave the publishing royalty rates unchanged — much ( we assume ) to Apple ’s relief .
In addition , the board set the ringtone publishing royalty at 24 cents , meaning that songwriters and publishers will earn nearly three times as much for selling ringtones as by selling full - length songs .
John Kerry to lead powerful Senate foreign relations committee Agence France - Presse
Published : Monday December 15 , 2008
Print This Email This WASHINGTON ( AFP )  Democrat John Kerry was named Monday the new chairman of the US Senate 's powerful foreign relations committee , pledging to remake the " war on terror " and fight climate change .
The party 's 2004 presidential nominee succeeds Joseph Biden , who is leaving the Senate to become Barack Obama 's vice president .
" We have a big agenda ahead of us , just as our country faces big challenges across the globe , " Kerry said in a statement .
" I look forward to working with all members of the committee to help strengthen America 's hand in Afghanistan and Pakistan , work towards global climate change solutions , and end the war in Iraq responsibly , " he said .
The economic function offers opportunities for parents to actively participate in the labor market or to follow a course .
The pedagogical function guarantees development opportunities in high - quality childcare where children can fully develop physically , emotionally and socially .
Childcare is a place where children meet and come into contact with the world .
They learn to deal with diversity with respect .
The social function contributes to a just society in which social integration is promoted and exclusion mechanisms are prevented .
Childcare is a meeting place for families , an equal and reciprocal partnership is paramount .
Families are invited to actively participate in the daycare .
All this takes place inlocal society with an eye for neighborhood - oriented networks .
Be it the parent teacher app or anything else , the deals are perfect now .
With this ambition text , the Flemish Welfare Association undertakes to raise awareness among its members and to encourage them to strengthen the social function in childcare .
Working on the social function in childcare has no endpoint , it is a continuous process that people go through together with employees , families and partner organizations .
We respect the own pace and the accents that put facilities first .
Through the working group on diversity and social function , we want to inspire members and promote the exchange of experiences , practices , and points for attention .
High - quality childcare is social childcare
The facility has an open attitude and shows respect for the individuality of each child and his family .
People are aware of prejudices and their effects on children and their families .
Young children come into contact with differences in a positive way , the focus is on the similarities .
Children and their families are welcome in the shelter , the facility takes the initiative to give everyone the feeling of belonging , with a view to positive identity development and a warm atmosphere .
Focus is on social inclusion , people strive for meeting and connection between people .
For the preschool enrollment also the apps come quite useful .
Pedagogical support
This open and respectful attitude is possible when there is mutual care in the organization .
Strengthening the team requires pedagogical support , employees are encouraged to fulfill the social function of childcare daily and for all parents .
Childcare facilities are learning organizations with a focus on reflection on their actions and adjustments where necessary .
Childcare workers are supported and guided in the challenge of questioning their pedagogical behavior ( people are sufficiently certain to be vulnerable ) .
We underline the power of the talents that are present in the facility and that are fully deployed to learn from each other .
All in all , the care management softwarereally offers the best results .
Parent involvement
From various projects , we learn the added value of experiential experts .
They bring in a new perspective and encourage reflection on the relationship between childcare and families .
In this respect , we consider every parent to be an expert .
They know their own child best and are the most important partner in education .
They can tell the organization what the barriers are and where there are points for attention .
This requires an open and listening - ready attitude in the facility .
Parent involvement also takes concrete and practical forms , parents are invited to use their strengths in daycare and thus actively participate .
Active participation in policy development in the facility also gives parents a voice .
Hierarchical RCU
Benefits for LWN subscribers
The primary benefit from subscribing to LWN is helping to keep us publishing , but , beyond that , subscribers get immediate access to all site content and access to a number of extra site features .
Please sign up today !
Introduction
Read - copy update ( RCU ) is a synchronization mechanism that was added to the Linux kernel in October of 2002 .
RCU improves scalability by allowing readers to execute concurrently with writers .
In contrast , conventional locking primitives require that readers wait for ongoing writers and vice versa .
RCU ensures coherence for read accesses by maintaining multiple versions of data structures and ensuring that they are not freed until all pre-existing read - side critical sections complete .
RCU relies on efficient and scalable mechanisms for publishing and reading new versions of an object , and also for deferring the collection of old versions .
These mechanisms distribute the work among read and update paths in such a way as to make read paths extremely fast .
In some cases ( non-preemptable kernels ) , RCU 's read - side primitives have zero overhead .
Although Classic RCU 's read - side primitives enjoy excellent performance and scalability , the update - side primitives which determine when pre-existing read - side critical sections have finished , were designed with only a few tens of CPUs in mind .
Their scalability is limited by a global lock that must be acquired by each CPU at least once during each grace period .
Although Classic RCU actually scales to a couple of hundred CPUs , and can be tweaked to scale to roughly a thousand CPUs ( but at the expense of extending grace periods ) , emerging multicore systems will require it to scale better .
In addition , Classic RCU has a sub-optimal dynticks interface , with the result that Classic RCU will wake up every CPU at least once per grace period .
To see the problem with this , consider a 16 - CPU system that is sufficiently lightly loaded that it is keeping only four CPUs busy .
In a perfect world , the remaining twelve CPUs could be put into deep sleep mode in order to conserve energy .
Unfortunately , if the four busy CPUs are frequently performing RCU updates , those twelve idle CPUs will be awakened frequently , wasting significant energy .
Thus , any major change to Classic RCU should also leave sleeping CPUs lie .
Both the existing and the proposed implementation have have Classic RCU semantics and identical APIs , however , the old implementation will be called “ classic RCU ” and the new implementation will be called “ tree RCU ” .
These sections are followed by concluding remarks and the answers to the Quick Quizzes .
In its most basic form , RCU is a way of waiting for things to finish .
Of course , there are a great many other ways of waiting for things to finish , including reference counts , reader - writer locks , events , and so on .
The great advantage of RCU is that it can wait for each of ( say ) 20,000 different things without having to explicitly track each and every one of them , and without having to worry about the performance degradation , scalability limitations , complex deadlock scenarios , and memory - leak hazards that are inherent in schemes using explicit tracking .
In RCU 's case , the things waited on are called " RCU read - side critical sections " .
An RCU read - side critical section starts with an rcu_read_lock ( ) primitive , and ends with a corresponding rcu_read_unlock ( ) primitive .
RCU read - side critical sections can be nested , and may contain pretty much any code , as long as that code does not explicitly block or sleep ( although a special form of RCU called " SRCU " does permit general sleeping in SRCU read - side critical sections ) .
If you abide by these conventions , you can use RCU to wait for any desired piece of code to complete .
RCU accomplishes this feat by indirectly determining when these other things have finished , as has been described elsewhere for Classic RCU and realtime RCU .
In particular , as shown in the following figure , RCU is a way of waiting for pre-existing RCU read - side critical sections to completely finish , including memory operations executed by those critical sections .
However , note that RCU read - side critical sections that begin after the beginning of a given grace period can and will extend beyond the end of that grace period .
The following section gives a very high - level view of how the Classic RCU implementation operates .
The key concept behind the Classic RCU implementation is that Classic RCU read - side critical sections are confined to kernel code and are not permitted to block .
This means that any time a given CPU is seen either blocking , in the idle loop , or exiting the kernel , we know that all RCU read - side critical sections that were previously running on that CPU must have completed .
Such states are called “ quiescent states ” , and after each CPU has passed through at least one quiescent state , the RCU grace period ends .
Classic RCU 's most important data structure is the rcu_ctrlblk structure , which contains the -> cpumask field , which contains one bit per CPU .
Each CPU 's bit is set to one at the beginning of each grace period , and each CPU must clear its bit after it passes through a quiescent state .
Because multiple CPUs might want to clear their bits concurrently , which would corrupt the -> cpumask field , a -> lock spinlock is used to protect -> cpumask , preventing any such corruption .
Unfortunately , this spinlock can also suffer extreme contention if there are more than a few hundred CPUs , which might soon become quite common if multicore trends continue .
Worse yet , the fact that all CPUs must clear their own bit means that CPUs are not permitted to sleep through a grace period , which limits Linux 's ability to conserve power .
The next section lays out what we need from a new non-real - time RCU implementation .
Deferred destruction , so that an RCU grace period cannot end until all pre-existing RCU read - side critical sections have completed .
Reliable , so that RCU supports 24x7 operation for years at a time .
Callable from irq handlers .
Contained memory footprint , so that mechanisms exist to expedite grace periods if there are too many callbacks .
( This is weakened from the LCA2005 list . )
Independent of memory blocks , so that RCU can work with any conceivable memory allocator .
Synchronization - free read side , so that only normal non-atomic instructions operating on CPU - or task - local memory are permitted .
( This is strengthened from the LCA2005 list . )
Unconditional read - to - write upgrade , which is used in several places in the Linux kernel where the update - side lock is acquired within the RCU read - side critical section .
Compatible API .
The list of RCU desiderata called out at LCA2005 for real - time RCU is a very good start :
Because this is not to be a real - time RCU , the requirement for preemptable RCU read - side critical sections can be dropped .
However , we need to add a few more requirements to account for changes over the past few years :
Scalability with extremely low internal - to - RCU lock contention .
RCU must support at least 1,024 CPUs gracefully , and preferably at least 4,096 .
Energy conservation : RCU must be able to avoid awakening low - power - state dynticks - idle CPUs , but still determine when the current grace period ends .
This has been implemented in real - time RCU , but needs serious simplification .
RCU read - side critical sections must be permitted in NMI handlers as well as irq handlers .
Note that preemptable RCU was able to avoid this requirement due to a separately implemented synchronize_sched ( ) .
RCU must operate gracefully in face of repeated CPU - hotplug operations .
This is simply carrying forward a requirement met by both classic and real - time .
It must be possible to wait for all previously registered RCU callbacks to complete , though this is already provided in the form of rcu_barrier ( ) .
Detecting CPUs that are failing to respond is desirable , to assist diagnosis both of RCU and of various infinite loop bugs and hardware failures that can prevent RCU grace periods from ending .
Extreme expediting of RCU grace periods is desirable , so that an RCU grace period can be forced to complete within a few hundred microseconds of the last relevant RCU read - side critical second completing .
However , such an operation would be expected to incur severe CPU overhead , and would be primarily useful when carrying out a long sequence of operations that each needed to wait for an RCU grace period .
The most pressing of the new requirements is the first one , scalability .
The next section therefore describes how to make order - of - magnitude reductions in contention on RCU 's internal locks .
One effective way to reduce lock contention is to create a hierarchy , as shown in the following figure .
Here , each of the four rcu_node structures has its own lock , so that only CPUs 0 and 1 will acquire the lower left rcu_node 's lock , only CPUs 2 and 3 will acquire the lower middle rcu_node 's lock , and only CPUs 4 and 5 will acquire the lower right rcu_node 's lock .
During any given grace period , only one of the CPUs accessing each of the lower rcu_node structures will access the upper rcu_node , namely , the last of each pair of CPUs to record a quiescent state for the corresponding grace period .
This results in a significant reduction in lock contention : instead of six CPUs contending for a single lock each grace period , we have only three for the upper rcu_node 's lock ( a reduction of 50 % ) and only two for each of the lower rcu_node s' locks ( a reduction of 67 % ) .
The tree of rcu_node structures is embedded into a linear array in the rcu_state structure , with the root of the tree in element zero , as shown below for an eight - CPU system with a three - level hierarchy .
The arrows link a given rcu_node structure to its parent .
Each rcu_node indicates the range of CPUs covered , so that the root node covers all of the CPUs , each node in the second level covers half of the CPUs , and each node in the leaf level covering a pair of CPUs .
This array is allocated statically at compile time based on the value of NR_CPUS .
The following sequence of six figures shows how grace periods are detected .
In the first figure , no CPU has yet passed through a quiescent state , as indicated by the red rectangles .
Suppose that all six CPUs simultaneously try to tell RCU that they have passed through a quiescent state .
Only one of each pair will be able to acquire the lock on the corresponding lower rcu_node , and so the second figure shows the result if the lucky CPUs are numbers 0 , 3 , and 5 , as indicated by the green rectangles .
Once these lucky CPUs have finished , then the other CPUs will acquire the lock , as shown in the third figure .
Each of these CPUs will see that they are the last in their group , and therefore all three will attempt to move to the upper rcu_node .
Only one at a time can acquire the upper rcu_node structure 's lock , and the fourth , fifth , and sixth figures show the sequence of states assuming that CPU 1 , CPU 2 , and CPU 4 acquire the lock in that order .
The sixth and final figure in the group shows that all CPUs have passed through a quiescent state , so that the grace period has ended .
In the above sequence , there were never more than three CPUs contending for any one lock , in happy contrast to Classic RCU , where all six CPUs might contend .
However , even more dramatic reductions in lock contention are possible with larger numbers of CPUs .
Consider a hierarchy of rcu_node structures , with 64 lower structures and 64*64=4,096 CPUs , as shown in the following figure .
Here each of the lower rcu_node structures ' locks are acquired by 64 CPUs , a 64 - times reduction from the 4,096 CPUs that would acquire Classic RCU 's single global lock .
Similarly , during a given grace period , only one CPU from each of the lower rcu_node structures will acquire the upper rcu_node structure 's lock , which is again a 64 x reduction from the contention level that would be experienced by Classic RCU running on a 4,096 - CPU system .
Quick Quiz 1 : Wait a minute !
With all those new locks , how do you avoid deadlock ?
Quick Quiz 2 : Why stop at a 64 - times reduction ?
Why not go for a few orders of magnitude instead ?
Quick Quiz 3 : But I do n't care about McKenney 's lame excuses in the answer to Quick Quiz 2 !!!
I want to get the number of CPUs contending on a single lock down to something reasonable , like sixteen or so !!!
The implementation maintains some per-CPU data , such as lists of RCU callbacks , organized into rcu_data structures .
In addition , rcu ( as in call_rcu ( ) ) and rcu_bh ( as in call_rcu_bh ( ) ) each maintain their own hierarchy , as shown in the following figure .
Quick Quiz 4 : OK , so what is the story with the colors ?
The next section discusses energy conservation .
As noted earlier , an important goal of this effort is to leave sleeping CPUs lie in order to promote energy conservation .
In contrast , classic RCU will happily awaken each and every sleeping CPU at least once per grace period in some cases , which is suboptimal in the case where a small number of CPUs are busy doing RCU updates and the majority of the CPUs are mostly idle .
This situation occurs frequently in systems sized for peak loads , and we need to be able to accommodate it gracefully .
Furthermore , we need to fix a long - standing bug in Classic RCU where a dynticks - idle CPU servicing an interrupt containing a long - running RCU read - side critical section will fail to prevent an RCU grace period from ending .
Quick Quiz 5 : Given such an egregious bug , why does Linux run at all ?
This is accomplished by requiring that all CPUs manipulate counters located in a per-CPU rcu_dynticks structure .
Loosely speaking , these counters have even - numbered values when the corresponding CPU is in dynticks idle mode , and have odd - numbered values otherwise .
RCU thus needs to wait for quiescent states only for those CPUs whose rcu_dynticks counters are odd , and need not wake up sleeping CPUs , whose counters will be even .
As shown in the following diagram , each per-CPU rcu_dynticks is shared by the “ rcu ” and “ rcu_bh ” implementations .
The following section presents a high - level view of the RCU state machine .
At a sufficiently high level , Linux - kernel RCU implementations can be thought of as high - level state machines as shown in the following schematic :
The common - case path through this state machine on a busy system goes through the two uppermost loops , initializing at the beginning of each grace period ( GP ) , waiting for quiescent states ( QS ) , and noting when each CPU passes through its first quiescent state for a given grace period .
On such a system , quiescent states will occur on each context switch , or , for CPUs that are either idle or executing user - mode code , each scheduling - clock interrupt .
CPU - hotplug events will take the state machine through the “ CPU Offline ” box , while the presence of “ holdout ” CPUs that fail to pass through quiescent states quickly enough will exercise the path through the “ Send resched IPIs to Holdout CPUs ” box .
RCU implementations that avoid unnecessarily awakening dyntick - idle CPUs will mark those CPUs as being in an extended quiescent state , taking the “ Y ” branch out of the “ CPUs in dyntick - idle Mode ? ” decision diamond ( but note that CPUs in dyntick - idle mode will not be sent resched IPIs ) .
Finally , if CONFIG_RCU_CPU_STALL_DETECTOR
is enabled , truly excessive delays in reaching quiescent states will exercise the “ Complain About Holdout CPUs ” path .
The events in the above state schematic interact with different data structures , as shown below :
However , the state schematic does not directly translate into C code for any of the RCU implementations .
Instead , these implementations are coded as an event - driven system within the kernel .
Therefore , the following section describes some “ use cases ” , or ways in which the RCU algorithm traverses the above state schematic as well as the relevant data structures .
This section gives an overview of several “ use cases ” within the RCU implementation , listing the data structures touched and the functions invoked .
The use cases are as follows :
Each of these use cases is described in the following sections .
The rcu_start_gp ( ) function starts a new grace period .
This function is invoked when a CPU having callbacks waiting for a grace period notices that no grace period is in progress .
The rcu_start_gp ( ) function updates state in the rcu_state and rcu_data structures to note the newly started grace period , acquires the -> onoff lock ( and disables irqs ) to exclude any concurrent CPU - hotplug operations , sets the bits in all of the rcu_node structures to indicate that all CPUs ( including this one ) must pass through a quiescent state , and finally releases the -> onoff lock .
The bit - setting operation is carried out in two phases .
First , the non-leaf rcu_node structures ' bits are set without holding any additional locks , and then finally each leaf rcu_node structure 's bits are set in turn while holding that structure 's -> lock .
Quick Quiz 6 : But what happens if a CPU tries to report going through a quiescent state ( by clearing its bit ) before the bit- setting CPU has finished ?
Quick Quiz 7 : And what happens if all CPUs try to report going through a quiescent state before the bit-setting CPU has finished , thus ending the new grace period before it starts ?
The rcu and rcu_bh flavors of RCU have different sets of quiescent states .
Quiescent states for rcu are context switch , idle ( either dynticks or the idle loop ) , and user - mode execution , while quiescent states for rcu_bh are any code outside of softirq with interrupts enabled .
Note that an quiescent state for rcu is also a quiescent state for rcu_bh .
Quiescent states for rcu are recorded by invoking rcu_qsctr_inc ( ) , while quiescent states for rcu_bh are recorded by invoking rcu_bh_qsctr_inc ( ) .
These two functions record their state in the current CPU 's rcu_data structure .
These functions are invoked from the scheduler , from __do_softirq ( ) , and from rcu_check_callbacks ( ) .
This latter function is invoked from the scheduling - clock interrupt , and analyzes state to determine whether this interrupt occurred within a quiescent state , invoking rcu_qsctr_inc ( ) and / or rcu_bh_qsctr_inc ( ) , as appropriate .
It also raises RCU_SOFTIRQ , which results in rcu_process_callbacks ( ) being invoked on the current CPU at some later time from softirq context .
The afore - mentioned rcu_process_callbacks ( ) function has several duties :
Determining when to take measures to end an over - long grace period ( via force_quiescent_state ( ) ) .
Taking appropriate action when some other CPU detected the end of a grace period ( via rcu_process_gp_end ( ) ) .
“ Appropriate action “ includes advancing this CPU 's callbacks and recording the new grace period .
This same function updates state in response to some other CPU starting a new grace period .
Reporting the current CPU 's quiescent states to the core RCU mechanism ( via rcu_check_quiescent_state ( ) , which in turn invokes cpu_quiet ( ) ) .
This of course might mark the end of the current grace period .
Starting a new grace period if there is no grace period in progress and this CPU has RCU callbacks still waiting for a grace period ( via cpu_needs_another_gp ( ) and rcu_start_gp ( ) ) .
Invoking any of this CPU 's callbacks whose grace period has ended ( via rcu_do_batch ( ) ) .
These interactions are carefully orchestrated in order to avoid buggy behavior such as reporting a quiescent state from the previous grace period against the current grace period .
The scheduler invokes rcu_enter_nohz ( ) to enter dynticks - idle mode , and invokes rcu_exit_nohz ( ) to exit it .
The rcu_enter_nohz ( ) function increments a per-CPU dynticks_nesting variable and also a per-CPU dynticks counter , the latter of which which must then have an even - numbered value .
The rcu_exit_nohz ( ) function decrements this same per-CPU dynticks_nesting variable , and again increments the per-CPU dynticks counter , the latter of which must then have an odd - numbered value .
The dynticks counter can be sampled by other CPUs .
If the value is even , the first CPU is in an extended quiescent state .
Similarly , if the counter value changes during a given grace period , the first CPU must have been in an extended quiescent state at some point during the grace period .
However , there is another dynticks_nmi per-CPU variable that must also be sampled , as will be discussed below .
Interrupts from dynticks idle mode are handled by rcu_irq_enter ( ) and rcu_irq_exit ( ) .
The rcu_irq_enter ( ) function increments the per-CPU dynticks_nesting variable , and , if the prior value was zero , also increments the dynticks per-CPU variable ( which must then have an odd - numbered value ) .
The rcu_irq_exit ( ) function decrements the per-CPU dynticks_nesting variable , and , if the new value is zero , also increments the dynticks per-CPU variable ( which must then have an even - numbered value ) .
Note that entering an irq handler exits dynticks idle mode and vice versa .
This enter / exit anti-correspondence can cause much confusion .
You have been warned .
NMIs from dynticks idle mode are handled by rcu_nmi_enter ( ) and rcu_nmi_exit ( ) .
These functions both increment the dynticks_nmi counter , but only if the aforementioned dynticks counter is even .
In other words , NMI 's refrain from manipulating the dynticks_nmi counter if the NMI occurred in non-dynticks - idle mode or within an interrupt handler .
The only difference between these two functions is the error checks , as rcu_nmi_enter ( ) must leave the dynticks_nmi counter with an odd value , and rcu_nmi_exit ( ) must leave this counter with an even value .
The force_quiescent_state ( ) function implements a two - phase state machine .
In the first phase ( RCU_SAVE_DYNTICK ) , the dyntick_save_progress_counter ( ) function scans the CPUs that have not yet reported a quiescent state , recording their per-CPU dynticks and dynticks_nmi counters .
If these counters both have even - numbered values , then the corresponding CPU is in dynticks - idle state , which is therefore noted as an extended quiescent state ( reported via cpu_quiet_msk ( ) ) .
In the second phase ( RCU_FORCE_QS ) , the rcu_implicit_dynticks_qs ( ) function again scans the CPUs that have not yet reported a quiescent state ( either explicitly or implicitly during the RCU_SAVE_DYNTICK phase ) , again checking the per-CPU dynticks and dynticks_nmi counters .
If each of these has either changed in value or is now even , then the corresponding CPU has either passed through or is now in dynticks idle , which as before is noted as an extended quiescent state .
If rcu_implicit_dynticks_qs ( ) finds that a given CPU has neither been in dynticks idle mode nor reported a quiescent state , it invokes rcu_implicit_offline_qs ( ) , which checks to see if that CPU is offline , which is also reported as an extended quiescent state .
If the CPU is online , then rcu_implicit_offline_qs ( ) sends it a reschedule IPI in an attempt to remind it of its duty to report a quiescent state to RCU .
Note that force_quiescent_state ( ) does not directly invoke either dyntick_save_progress_counter ( ) or rcu_implicit_dynticks_qs ( ) , instead passing these functions to an intervening rcu_process_dyntick ( ) function that abstracts out the common code involved in scanning the CPUs and reporting extended quiescent states .
Quick Quiz 8 : And what happens if one CPU comes out of dyntick - idle mode and then passed through a quiescent state just as another CPU notices that the first CPU was in dyntick - idle mode ?
Could n't they both attempt to report a quiescent state at the same time , resulting in confusion ?
Quick Quiz 9 : But what if all the CPUs end up in dyntick - idle mode ?
Would n't that prevent the current RCU grace period from ever ending ?
Quick Quiz 10 : Given that force_quiescent_state( ) is a two - phase state machine , do n't we have double the scheduling latency due to scanning all the CPUs ?
CPU - offline events cause rcu_cpu_notify ( ) to invoke rcu_offline_cpu( ) , which in turn invokes __rcu_offline_cpu( ) on both the rcu and the rcu_bh instances of the data structures .
This function clears the outgoing CPU 's bits so that future grace periods will not expect this CPU to announce quiescent states , and further invokes cpu_quiet ( ) in order to announce the offline - induced extended quiescent state .
This work is performed with the global -> onofflock held in order to prevent interference with concurrent grace - period initialization .
Quick Quiz 11 : But the other reason to hold -> onofflock is to prevent multiple concurrent online / offline operations , right ?
CPU - online events cause rcu_cpu_notify ( ) to invoke rcu_online_cpu( ) , which initializes the incoming CPU 's dynticks state , and then invokes rcu_init_percpu_data ( ) to initialize the incoming CPU 's rcu_data structure , and also to set this CPU 's bits ( again protected by the global -> onofflock ) so that future grace periods will wait for a quiescent state from this CPU .
Finally , rcu_online_cpu( ) sets up the RCU softirq vector for this CPU .
Quick Quiz 12 : Given all these acquisitions of the global -> onofflock , wo n't there be horrible lock contention when running with thousands of CPUs ?
When the CONFIG_RCU_CPU_STALL_DETECTOR kernel parameter is specified , the record_gp_stall_check_time ( ) function records the time and also a timestamp set three seconds into the future .
If the current grace period still has not ended by that time , the check_cpu_stall ( ) function will check for the culprit , invoking print_cpu_stall ( ) if the current CPU is the holdout , or print_other_cpu_stall ( ) if it is some other CPU .
A two - jiffies offset helps ensure that CPUs report on themselves when possible , taking advantage of the fact that a CPU can normally do a better job of tracing its own stack than it can tracing some other CPU 's stack .
RCU is fundamental synchronization code , so any failure of RCU results in random , difficult - to - debug memory corruption .
It is therefore extremely important that RCU be highly reliable .
Some of this reliability stems from careful design , but at the end of the day we must also rely on heavy stress testing , otherwise known as torture .
Fortunately , although there has been some debate as to exactly what populations are covered by the provisions of the Geneva Convention , it is still the case that it does not apply to software .
Therefore , it is still legal to torture your software .
In fact , it is strongly encouraged , because if you do n't torture your software , it will end up torturing you by crashing at the most inconvenient times imaginable .
Therefore , we torture RCU quite vigorously using the rcutorture module .
However , it is not sufficient to torture the common - case uses of RCU .
It is also necessary to torture it in unusual situations , for example , when concurrently onlining and offlining CPUs and when CPUs are concurrently entering and exiting dynticks idle mode .
I use a script to online and offline CPUs , and use the test_no_idle_hz module parameter to rcutorture to stress - test dynticks idle mode .
Just to be fully paranoid , I sometimes run a kernbench workload in parallel as well .
Ten hours of this sort of torture on a 128 - way machine seems sufficient to shake out most bugs .
Even this is not the complete story .
As Alexey Dobriyan and Nick Piggin demonstrated in early 2008 , it is also necessary to torture RCU with all relevant combinations of kernel parameters .
The relevant kernel parameters may be identified using yet another script , and are as follows :
CONFIG_CLASSIC_RCU
: Classic RCU .
CONFIG_PREEMPT_RCU
: Preemptable ( real - time ) RCU .
CONFIG_TREE_RCU
: Classic RCU for huge SMP systems .
CONFIG_RCU_FANOUT
: Number of children for each rcu_node .
CONFIG_RCU_FANOUT_EXACT
: Balance the rcu_node tree .
CONFIG_HOTPLUG_CPU
: Allow CPUs to be offlined and onlined .
CONFIG_NO_HZ : Enable dyntick - idle mode .
CONFIG_SMP : Enable multi-CPU operation .
CONFIG_RCU_CPU_STALL_DETECTOR
: Enable RCU to detect when CPUs go on extended quiescent - state vacations .
CONFIG_RCU_TRACE
: Generate RCU trace files in debugfs .
We ignore the CONFIG_DEBUG_LOCK_ALLOC configuration variable under the perhaps - naive assumption that hierarchical RCU could not have broken lockdep .
There are still 10 configuration variables , which would result in 1,024 combinations if they were independent boolean variables .
Fortunately the first three are mutually exclusive , which reduces the number of combinations down to 384 , but CONFIG_RCU_FANOUT can take on values from 2 to 64 , increasing the number of combinations to 12,096 .
This is an infeasible number of combinations .
One key observation is that only CONFIG_NO_HZ and CONFIG_PREEMPT can be expected to have changed behavior if either CONFIG_CLASSIC_RCU or CONFIG_PREEMPT_RCU are in effect , as only these portions of the two pre-existing RCU implementations were changed during this effort .
This cuts out almost two thirds of the possible combinations .
Furthermore , not all of the possible values of CONFIG_RCU_FANOUT produce significantly different results , in fact only a few cases really need to be tested separately :
Single - node “ tree ” .
Two - level balanced tree .
Three - level balanced tree .
Autobalanced tree , where CONFIG_RCU_FANOUT specifies an unbalanced tree , but such that it is auto - balanced in absence of CONFIG_RCU_FANOUT_EXACT .
Unbalanced tree .
Looking further , CONFIG_HOTPLUG_CPU
makes sense only given CONFIG_SMP , and CONFIG_RCU_CPU_STALL_DETECTOR is independent , and really only needs to be tested once ( though someone even more paranoid than am I might decide to test it both with and without CONFIG_SMP ) .
Similarly , CONFIG_RCU_TRACE
need only be tested once , but the truly paranoid ( such as myself ) will choose to run it both with and without CONFIG_NO_HZ .
This allows us to obtain excellent coverage of RCU with only 15 test cases .
All test cases specify the following configuration parameters in order to run rcutorture and so that CONFIG_HOTPLUG_CPU=n actually takes effect :
CONFIG_RCU_TORTURE_TEST=m
CONFIG_MODULE_UNLOAD=y
CONFIG_SUSPEND=n CONFIG_HIBERNATION=n
The 15 test cases are as follows :
Force single - node “ tree ” for small systems : CONFIG_NR_CPUS=8 CONFIG_RCU_FANOUT=8 CONFIG_RCU_FANOUT_EXACT=n
CONFIG_RCU_TRACE=y
Force two - level tree for large systems : CONFIG_NR_CPUS=8 CONFIG_RCU_FANOUT=4 CONFIG_RCU_FANOUT_EXACT=n
CONFIG_RCU_TRACE=n
Force three - level tree for huge systems : CONFIG_NR_CPUS=8 CONFIG_RCU_FANOUT=2
CONFIG_RCU_FANOUT_EXACT=n
CONFIG_RCU_TRACE=y
Test autobalancing to a balanced tree : CONFIG_NR_CPUS=8 CONFIG_RCU_FANOUT=6 CONFIG_RCU_FANOUT_EXACT=n
CONFIG_RCU_TRACE=y
Test unbalanced tree : CONFIG_NR_CPUS=8 CONFIG_RCU_FANOUT=6 CONFIG_RCU_FANOUT_EXACT=y
CONFIG_RCU_CPU_STALL_DETECTOR=y
CONFIG_RCU_TRACE=y
Disable CPU - stall detection : CONFIG_SMP=y CONFIG_NO_HZ=y CONFIG_RCU_CPU_STALL_DETECTOR=n
CONFIG_HOTPLUG_CPU=y
CONFIG_RCU_TRACE=y
Disable CPU - stall detection and dyntick idle mode : CONFIG_SMP=y CONFIG_NO_HZ=n CONFIG_RCU_CPU_STALL_DETECTOR=n
CONFIG_HOTPLUG_CPU=y
CONFIG_RCU_TRACE=y
Disable CPU - stall detection and CPU hotplug : CONFIG_SMP=y CONFIG_NO_HZ=y CONFIG_RCU_CPU_STALL_DETECTOR=n
CONFIG_HOTPLUG_CPU=n
CONFIG_RCU_TRACE=y
Disable CPU - stall detection , dyntick idle mode , and CPU hotplug : CONFIG_SMP=y CONFIG_NO_HZ=n CONFIG_RCU_CPU_STALL_DETECTOR=n
CONFIG_HOTPLUG_CPU=n
CONFIG_RCU_TRACE=y
Disable SMP , CPU - stall detection , dyntick idle mode , and CPU hotplug : CONFIG_SMP=n CONFIG_NO_HZ=n CONFIG_RCU_CPU_STALL_DETECTOR=n
CONFIG_HOTPLUG_CPU=n
CONFIG_RCU_TRACE=y
This combination located a number of compiler warnings .
Disable SMP and CPU hotplug : CONFIG_SMP=n CONFIG_NO_HZ=n CONFIG_RCU_CPU_STALL_DETECTOR=n
CONFIG_HOTPLUG_CPU=n
CONFIG_RCU_TRACE=y
Test Classic RCU with dynticks idle but without preemption : CONFIG_NO_HZ=y CONFIG_PREEMPT=n CONFIG_RCU_TRACE=y
Test Classic RCU with preemption but without dynticks idle : CONFIG_NO_HZ=n CONFIG_PREEMPT=y
CONFIG_RCU_TRACE=y
Test Preemptable RCU with dynticks idle : CONFIG_NO_HZ=y CONFIG_PREEMPT=y CONFIG_RCU_TRACE=y
Test Preemptable RCU without dynticks idle : CONFIG_NO_HZ=n CONFIG_PREEMPT=y CONFIG_RCU_TRACE=y
For a large change that affects RCU core code , one should run rcutorture for each of the above combinations , and concurrently with CPU offlining and onlining for cases with CONFIG_HOTPLUG_CPU .
For small changes , it may suffice to run kernbench in each case .
Of course , if the change is confined to a particular subset of the configuration parameters , it may be possible to reduce the number of test cases .
Torturing software : the Geneva Convention does not ( yet ) prohibit it , and I strongly recommend it !!!
This hierarchical implementation of RCU reduces lock contention , avoids unnecessarily awakening dyntick - idle sleeping CPUs , while helping to debug Linux 's hotplug - CPU code paths .
This implementation is designed to handle single systems with thousands of CPUs , and on 64 - bit systems has an architectural limitation of a quarter million CPUs , a limit I expect to be sufficient for at least the next few years .
This RCU implementation of course has some limitations :
The force_quiescent_state ( ) can scan the full set of CPUs with irqs disabled .
This would be fatal in a real - time implementation of RCU , so if hierarchy ever needs to be introduced to preemptable RCU , some other approach will be required .
It is possible that it will be problematic on 4,096 - CPU systems , but actual testing on such systems is required to prove this one way or the other .
On busy systems , the force_quiescent_state ( ) scan would not be expected to happen , as CPUs should pass through quiescent states within three jiffies of the start of a quiescent state .
On semi-busy systems , only the CPUs in dynticks - idle mode throughout would need to be scanned .
In some cases , for example when a dynticks - idle CPU is handling an interrupt during a scan , subsequent scans are required .
However , each such scan is performed separately , so scheduling latency is degraded by the overhead of only one such scan .
If this scan proves problematic , one straightforward solution would be to do the scan incrementally .
This would increase code complexity slightly and would also increase the time required to end a grace period , but would nonetheless be a likely solution .
The rcu_node hierarchy is created at compile time , and is therefore sized for the worst - case NR_CPUS number of CPUs .
However , even for 4,096 CPUs , the rcu_node hierarchy consumes only 65 cache lines on a 64 - bit machine ( and just you try accommodating 4,096 CPUs on a 32 - bit machine ! ) .
Of course , a kernel built with NR_CPUS=4096 running on a 16 - CPU machine would use a two - level tree when a single - node tree would work just fine .
Although this configuration would incur added locking overhead , this does not affect hot - path read - side code , so should not be a problem in practice .
This patch does increase kernel text and data somewhat : the old Classic RCU implementation consumes 1,757 bytes of kernel text and 456 bytes of kernel data for a total of 2,213 bytes , while the new hierarchical RCU implementation consumes 4,006 bytes of kernel text and 624 bytes of kernel data for a total of 4,630 bytes on a NR_CPUS=4 system .
This is a non-problem even for most embedded systems , which often come with hundreds of megabytes of main memory .
However , if this is a problem for tiny embedded systems , it may be necessary to provide both “ scale up ” and “ scale down ” implementations of RCU .
This hierarchical RCU implementation should nevertheless be a vast improvement over Classic RCU for machines with hundreds of CPUs .
After all , Classic RCU was designed for systems with only 16 - 32 CPUs .
At some point , it may be necessary to also apply hierarchy to the preemptable RCU implementation .
This will be challenging due to the modular arithmetic used on the per-CPU counter pairs , but should be doable .
Acknowledgements
I am indebted to Manfred Spraul for ideas , review comments , bugs spotted , as well as some good healthy competition , to Josh Triplett , Ingo Molnar , Peter Zijlstra , Mathieu Desnoyers , Lai Jiangshan , Andi Kleen , Andy Whitcroft , Gautham Shenoy , and Andrew Morton for review comments , and to Thomas Gleixner for much help with timer issues .
I am thankful to Jon M. Tollefson , Tim Pepper , Andrew Theurer , Jose R. Santos , Andy Whitcroft , Darrick Wong , Nishanth Aravamudan , Anton Blanchard , and Nathan Lynch for keeping machines alive despite my ( ab) use for this project .
We all owe thanks to Peter Zijlstra , Gautham Shenoy , Lai Jiangshan , and Manfred Spraul for helping ( in some cases unwittingly ) render this document at least partially human readable .
Finally , I am grateful to Kathy Bennett for her support of this effort .
This work represents the view of the authors and does not necessarily represent the view of IBM .
Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds .
Other company , product , and service names may be trademarks or service marks of others .
Quick Quiz 1 : Wait a minute !
With all those new locks , how do you avoid deadlock ?
Answer : Deadlock is avoided by never holding more than one of the rcu_node structures ' locks at a given time .
This algorithm uses two more locks , one to prevent CPU hotplug operations from running concurrently with grace - period advancement ( onofflock ) and another to permit only one CPU at a time from forcing a quiescent state to end quickly ( fqslock ) .
These are subject to a locking hierarchy , so that fqslock must be acquired before onofflock , which in turn must be acquired before any of the rcu_node structures ' locks .
Also , as a practical matter , refusing to ever hold more than one of the rcu_node locks means that it is unnecessary to track which ones are held .
Such tracking would be painful as well as unnecessary .
Back to Quick Quiz 1 .
Quick Quiz 2 : Why stop at a 64 - times reduction ?
Why not go for a few orders of magnitude instead ?
Answer : RCU works with no problems on systems with a few hundred CPUs , so allowing 64 CPUs to contend on a single lock leaves plenty of headroom .
Keep in mind that these locks are acquired quite rarely , as each CPU will check in about one time per grace period , and grace periods extend for milliseconds .
Back to Quick Quiz 2 .
Quick Quiz 3 : But I do n't care about McKenney 's lame excuses in the answer to Quick Quiz 2 !!!
I want to get the number of CPUs contending on a single lock down to something reasonable , like sixteen or so !!!
Answer : OK , have it your way , then !!!
Set CONFIG_RCU_FANOUT=16 and ( for NR_CPUS=4096 ) you will get a three - level hierarchy with with 256 rcu_node structures at the lowest level , 16 rcu_node structures as intermediate nodes , and a single root - level rcu_node .
The penalty you will pay is that more rcu_node structures will need to be scanned when checking to see which CPUs need help completing their quiescent states ( 256 instead of only 64 ) .
Back to Quick Quiz 3 .
Quick Quiz 4 : OK , so what is the story with the colors ?
Answer : Data structures analogous to rcu_state ( including rcu_ctrlblk ) are yellow , those containing the bitmaps used to determine when CPUs have checked in are pink , and the per-CPU rcu_data structures are blue .
Later on , we will see that data structures used to conserve energy ( such as rcu_dynticks ) will be green .
Back to Quick Quiz 4 .
Quick Quiz 5 : Given such an egregious bug , why does Linux run at all ?
Answer : Because the Linux kernel contains device drivers that are ( relatively ) well behaved .
Few if any of them spin in RCU read - side critical sections for the many milliseconds that would be required to provoke this bug .
The bug nevertheless does need to be fixed , and this variant of RCU does fix it .
Back to Quick Quiz 5 .
Quick Quiz 6 : But what happens if a CPU tries to report going through a quiescent state ( by clearing its bit ) before the bit- setting CPU has finished ?
Answer :
There are three cases to consider here :
A CPU corresponding to a non -yet - initialized leaf rcu_node structure tries to report a quiescent state .
This CPU will see its bit already cleared , so will give up on reporting its quiescent state .
Some later quiescent state will serve for the new grace period .
A CPU corresponding to a leaf rcu_node structure that is currently being initialized tries to report a quiescent state .
This CPU will see that the rcu_node structure 's -> lock is held , so will spin until it is released .
But once the lock is released , the rcu_node structure will have been initialized , reducing to the following case .
A CPU corresponding to a leaf rcu_node that has already been initialized tries to report a quiescent state .
This CPU will find its bit set , and will therefore clear it .
If it is the last CPU for that leaf node , it will move up to the next level of the hierarchy .
However , this CPU cannot possibly be the last CPU in the system to report a quiescent state , given that the CPU doing the initialization cannot yet have checked in .
So , in all three cases , the potential race is resolved correctly .
Back to Quick Quiz 6 .
Quick Quiz 7 : And what happens if all CPUs try to report going through a quiescent state before the bit-setting CPU has finished , thus ending the new grace period before it starts ?
Answer :
The bit - setting CPU cannot pass through a quiescent state during initialization , as it has irqs disabled .
Its bits therefore remain non-zero , preventing the grace period from ending until the data structure has been fully initialized .
Back to Quick Quiz 7 .
Quick Quiz 8 : And what happens if one CPU comes out of dyntick - idle mode and then passed through a quiescent state just as another CPU notices that the first CPU was in dyntick - idle mode ?
Could n't they both attempt to report a quiescent state at the same time , resulting in confusion ?
Answer :
They will both attempt to acquire the lock on the same leaf rcu_node structure .
The first one to acquire the lock will report the quiescent state and clear the appropriate bit , and the second one to acquire the lock will see that this bit has already been cleared .
Back to Quick Quiz 8 .
Quick Quiz 9 : But what if all the CPUs end up in dyntick - idle mode ?
Would n't that prevent the current RCU grace period from ever ending ?
Answer : Indeed it will !
However , CPUs that have RCU callbacks are not permitted to enter dyntick - idle mode , so the only way that all the CPUs could possibly end up in dyntick - idle mode would be if there were absolutely no RCU callbacks in the system .
And if there are no RCU callbacks in the system , then there is no need for the RCU grace period to end .
In fact , there is no need for the RCU grace period to even start .
RCU will restart if some irq handler does a call_rcu( ) , which will cause an RCU callback to appear on the corresponding CPU , which will force that CPU out of dyntick - idle mode , which will in turn permit the current RCU grace period to come to an end .
Back to Quick Quiz 9 .
Quick Quiz 10 : Given that force_quiescent_state( ) is a two - phase state machine , do n't we have double the scheduling latency due to scanning all the CPUs ?
Answer :
Ah , but the two phases will not execute back - to - back on the same CPU .
Therefore , the scheduling - latency hit of the two - phase algorithm is no different than that of a single - phase algorithm .
If the scheduling latency becomes a problem , one approach would be to recode the state machine to scan the CPUs incrementally .
But first show me a problem in the real world , then I will consider fixing it !
Back to Quick Quiz 10 .
Quick Quiz 11 : But the other reason to hold -> onofflock is to prevent multiple concurrent online / offline operations , right ?
Answer : Actually , no !
The CPU - hotplug code 's synchronization design prevents multiple concurrent CPU online / offline operations , so only one CPU online / offline operation can be executing at any given time .
Therefore , the only purpose of -> onofflock is to prevent a CPU online or offline operation from running concurrently with grace - period initialization .
Back to Quick Quiz 11 .
Quick Quiz 12 : Given all these acquisitions of the global -> onofflock , wo n't there be horrible lock contention when running with thousands of CPUs ?
Answer :
Actually , there can be only three acquisitions of this lock per grace period , and each grace period lasts many milliseconds .
One of the acquisitions is by the CPU initializing for the current grace period , and the other two onlining and offlining some CPU .
These latter two cannot run concurrently due to the CPU - hotplug locking , so at most two CPUs can be contending for this lock at any given time .
Lock contention on -> onofflock should therefore be no problem , even on systems with thousands of CPUs .
Back to Quick Quiz 12 .
What happened
The gap between Democrat Al Franken and Republican Sen . Norm Coleman narrowed to 126 votes on Thursday , after Minnesota officials counted about 46 percent of the 2.9 million ballots cast in the state 's undecided Senate race .
( Minneapolis - St. Paul Star - Tribune )
What the commentators said
We 're clearly " heading for a photo finish , " said John Hinderaker in Power Line .
But it 's hard to interpret the figures so far .
It would make sense that Franken gained ground if , as expected , the first precincts recounted were in Democrat - friendly cities , but it 's unclear if that was the case .
Even after the recount is complete , said Markos Moulitsas Zuniga in DailyKos , there will be the challenged ballots to contend with , and Coleman is being more aggressive in challenging ballots , which might give him the advantage .
But for now , " all that is important is that the deficit is narrowing , and that if this rate holds ( no guarantee , of course ) then Franken will narrowly win the race . "
One reason for all the confusion , said David Knowles in AOL News , is that we 're dealing with a " razor - thin contest " in which people cast votes using different equipment in counties across the state .
Oh , and the Democrats ' hopes for a filibuster - proof Senate majority hang in the balance .
" Why can't this country finally standardize the process of how we vote , especially when it comes to races that have national implications ? "
An infrared camera aboard NASA ’s Cassini spacecraft has discovered a unique aurora lighting up Saturn ’s polar cap .
The mysterious new aurora is unlike any other known in our solar system .
“ We ’ve never seen an aurora like this elsewhere , ” said Tom Stallard , an RCUK Academic Fellow working with Cassini data at the University of Leicester .
Stallard is lead author of a paper released today ( 13th
November ) in the journal Nature .
“ It ’s not just a ring of aurorae like those we ’ve seen at Jupiter or Earth .
This one covers an enormous area across the pole .
Our current ideas on what forms Saturn ’s aurorae predict that this region should be empty , so finding such a bright one here is a fantastic surprise . ”
Aurorae are caused when charged particles stream along the magnetic field of a planet and into its atmosphere .
On Earth these charged particles come from the solar wind – a stream of particles that
emanates from the Sun .
Jupiter ’s main auroral ring , caused by interactions internal to Jupiter ’s magnetic environment , is constant in size .
Saturn ’s main aurora , which is caused by the solar wind , changes size dramatically as the wind varies .
The newly observed aurora at Saturn , however , does n’t fit into either category .
“ Saturn ’s unique auroral features are telling us there is something special and unforeseen about this planet ’s magnetosphere and the way it interacts with the solar wind and the planet ’s atmosphere , ” said
Nick Achilleos , Cassini scientist on the Cassini magnetometer team at the University College London .
“ Trying to explain its origin will no doubt lead us to physics which uniquely operates in the environment of Saturn . ”
The new infrared aurora appears in a region hidden from NASA ’s Hubble Space Telescope , which has provided views of Saturn ’s ultraviolet aurora .
Cassini observed it when the spacecraft flew near Saturn ’s polar region .
In infrared light , the aurora sometimes fills the region from around 82 degrees north all the way over the pole .
This new aurora is also constantly changing , even disappearing within a 45 minute - period .
Source : NASA
WELLINGTON ( Reuters ) - New Zealand Prime Minister Helen Clark has conceded defeat to the centre - right National Party led by John Key after Saturday ’s election , media reported .
Clark had telephoned Key to concede that her Labour Party had lost the election , Television New Zealand said .
With almost 99 percent of the vote counted , Key ’s centre - right National Party had 45 percent of the vote , which would translate to 59 seats in the 122 - seat parliament with support from its allied parties enough to give it a majority .
The centre - left Labour Party , which had been seeking a fourth three - year term , had 34 percent of the vote , translating to 43 seats .
Texas DA reveals evidence against Cheney Ron Brynaert
Published : Thursday November 27 , 2008
Print This Email This Hopes media wo n't ' let it die '
Willacy County District Attorney Juan Angel Guerra spoke to two Texas television stations Wednesday night regarding his investigation of injustice within the prison systems which led to the indictment by a Texas grand jury of Vice President Dick Cheney and former Attorney General Alberto Gonzales , along with other officials .
Cheney 's stake in the Vanguard Group , which holds interests in the private prison companies that run the detention centers , was cited in the indictment .
Cheney is accused of a conflict of interest and " at least misdemeanor assaults " on detainees through his ownership interest .
Gonzales is accused of using his position during his time as Attorney General to block an investigation into abuses at the detention centers , located in south Texas .
Democratic state Senator Eddie Lucio Jr. is also named in the indictment , Willacy County District Attorney Juan Angel Guerra said .
Lucio's attorney , Michael R. Cowen , called Guerra a " one-man circus . "
" In the March 2008 Democratic Primary , " he added , " 70 percent of the Willacy County voters elected to remove Juan Guerra ... Now , with only a few weeks left in his term , Mr. Guerra has again chosen to misuse his position in an attempt to seek revenge on those who he sees as political enemies . "
Guerra told KVEO 23 , an NBC affiliate in Texas , that " elected officials were embedded into the prison business and that it goes all the way to the top . "
" Now that these indictments have seen the light of day , Guerra says , it 's important they are not quashed , " the station reported .
" I 'm going to try and do what I can do , " Guerra told KVEO .
" Impose it to you guys , and educate you guys , so you do n't let it die . "
On ABC affiliate KRGV Newschannel 5 , Guerra showed " records that he says could be used to prove Dick Cheney is guilty of criminal activity . "
" Greed will get you discovered and arrested every time , and that 's what happened to Cheney , " Guerra said .
Excerpts from KRGV 's report :
####
Guerra says he went through Cheney 's financial records and the prison companies ' financial records and found the connection .
The three top prison companies Guerra researched were Corrections Corporation of America , GEO Group and Cornell .
Those three have the Vanguard Group in common , which is an investment company that puts money into all three prison companies .
" We knew Vanguard was the key , " said Guerra .
Guerra showed us the Vice President 's financial disclosure from last year and it shows he owned shares in the Vanguard Group .
Guerra estimates Cheney has $ 85 million invested in Vanguard and in turn , into the prison companies .
" The problem you have is he now has a direct interest , " said Guerra .
And according to Guerra , it 's a direct interest in making sure the prison companies stay in business .
####
FULL KRGV REPORT AT THIS LINK
FULL COPIES OF THE CHENEY INDICTMENTS CAN BE DOWNLOADED AT THIS LINK
I stumbled across the website for a new product recently , and I would like to declare that Bacon Salt appears to simultaneously be both the greatest , and the worst , condiment idea in the history of mankind .
First , let ’s meet the founders , “ Justin and Dave ” ( note : I have no evidence those are their real names ) .
As you can see by the totally natural poses they are striking in the picture below , Bacon Salt is hip , fun and in - your - face !!!
Yeaaaaaah !
Now here is where the marketing pitch starts to go wrong .
I do n’t know about you , but when I think “ Bacon Expert ” I usually do n’t picture a skinny , balding guy in a sweater vest .
However , this is the point where I should note that “ Justin and Dave ” are totally hip to the series - of - tubes we call the internets , and thus are bloggers themselves .
The name of their blog is , shocker !
The Bacon Salt Blog .
Here they blog about the many uses for , you guessed it … Bacon Salt !
Now I know what you ’re thinking : “ Jon , I love the taste of bacon as much as the next guy .
However , before I make a purchase like this , I ’m going to need to read some generic - sounding testimonial quotes that also include the person ’s last initial , just so I can be sure the quotes are real . ”
Fortunately for you , “ Justin and Dave ” ( if those are their real names ) have complied .
Their homepage flashes a series of quotes touting why Bacon Salt is the world ’s greatest product .
Some of these quotes provide near irrefutable evidence of Bacon Salt ’s greatness , such as this quote from “ Chuck H. ” ( which we know is definitely NOT fake , because Chuck provided his last initial ) :
Touche , Chuck H. Touche .
Why WOULD you have regular fries if you could have bacon fries ?
Bacon fries ?
That sounds f-ing delicious .
I would like to pre-emptively declare that this thought process should be applied to all fast food .
Why would you have a vanilla shake when you can have a bacon - vanilla shake ?
Bacon
Salt makes everything better !
So “ Justin and Dave ” , now that I ’ve said my peace , let me confess : I ’m jealous .
You guys are living the American dream .
Assuming , of course , that the American dream involves convicing people that no matter what food they are eating , it would taste better if it tasted like bacon .
So Good would like to extend an official congratulations to the creators of Bacon Salt .
You ’ve come up with an idea for a new condiment that is so , so , soooooooooo good .
What are the social consequences when science allows us to see things that had previously been invisible ?
Scientists have revealed microscopic life , nanoscale molecules and galaxies billions of light years away .
These images have revolutionized the disciplines in which they were made , but they also transformed the public 's imagination , letting them see new things to think and dream about .
The intertwined social , scientific and artistic impacts of 19th century photography is the subject of a new exhibit , Brought to Light Photography and the Invisible , 1840 - 1900 , at San Francisco 's Museum of Modern Art * .*
In this five - part series , we walk through the exhibit with its curator , Corey Keller .
Keller spent five years scouring dusty archives , primarily in Europe , to dig up dozens of haunting photographs from the period .
Many of the images have never been seen , except by their creators .
Up first is the X -ray , which allowed us to see through our skin and muscle to the bones that lay within .
In 1895 , Wilhelm Conrad Roentgen discovered the X-ray , a form of electromagnetic radiation with a very short wavelength .
Waves that are shorter can penetrate denser materials .
X - rays are perfectly tuned to barrel through soft tissues like muscle and fat , but get slowed down by denser materials like bone .
That allowed early scientific photographers — and your dentist — to employ these rays to see skeletons without cutting into flesh .
To the common people at the time , this was ( and probably should remain ) astonishing .
Within three months , Keller said , DIY X - ray kits were available on the market .
The rich and famous had their hands X - rayed , their skeletons draped in rings .
Photographers , who had access to most of the tools needed to make the images , began to train this new form of light on just about anything that might be beautiful .
" They were X - raying everything just to see what it looked like , " Keller said .
In this series of images , we see the strange hodgepodge of subjects that early X - rayers tackled .
At the top of the post is a chameleon , and further down the page , the boot of a shoemaker who built his own x-ray machine for fun .
Below , you 'll find a river dolphin fetus , two fish and the hand of the wife of Nicholas II , the last czar of Russia .
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal 's Twitter , Google Reader feed , and webpage ; Wired Science on Facebook .
Google this week admitted that its staff will pick and choose what appears in its search results .
It 's a historic statement - and nobody has yet grasped its significance .
Not so very long ago , Google disclaimed responsibility for its search results by explaining that these were chosen by a computer algorithm .
The disclaimer lives on at Google News , where we are assured that :
The selection and placement of stories on this page were determined automatically by a computer program .
A few years ago , Google 's apparently unimpeachable objectivity got some people very excited , and technology utopians began to herald Google as the conduit for a new form of democracy .
Google was only too pleased to encourage this view .
It explained that its algorithm " relies on the uniquely democratic nature of the web by using its vast link structure as an indicator of an individual page 's value . "
That Google was impartial was one of the articles of faith .
For if Google was ever to be found to be applying subjective human judgment directly on the process , it would be akin to the voting machines being rigged .
For these soothsayers of the Hive Mind , the years ahead looked prosperous .
As blog - aware marketing and media consultants , they saw a lucrative future in explaining the New Emergent World Order to the uninitiated .
( That part has come true - Web 2.0 " gurus " now advise large media companies ) .
It was n't surprising , then , that when five years ago I described how a small , self - selected number of people could rig Google 's search results , the reaction from the people doing the rigging was violently antagonistic .
Who lifted that rock ?
they cried .
But what was once Googlewashing by a select few now has Google 's active participation .
This week Marissa Meyer explained that editorial judgments will play a key role in Google searches .
It was reported by Tech Crunch proprietor Michael Arrington - who Nick Carr called the " Madam of the Web 2.0 Brothel " - but its significance was n't noted .
The irony flew safely over his head at 30,000 feet .
Arrington observed :
Mayer also talked about Google ’s use of user data created by actions on Wiki search to improve search results on Google in general .
For now that data is not being used to change overall search results , she said .
But in the future it ’s likely Google will use the data to at least make obvious changes .
An example is if “ thousands of people ” were to knock a search result off a search page , they ’d be likely to make a change .
Now what , you may be thinking , is an " obvious change " ?
Is it one that is frivolous ?
( Thereby introducing a Google Frivolitimeter ™ [ Beta ] ) .
Or is it one that goes against the grain of the consensus ?
If so , then who decides what the consensus must be ?
Make no mistake , Google is moving into new territory : not only making arbitrary , editorial choices - really no different to Fox News , say , or any other media organization .
It 's now in the business of validating and manufacturing consent : not only reporting what people say , but how you should think .
Who 's hand is upon the wheel , here ?
None of this would matter , if it was n't for one other trend : a paralysing loss of confidence in media companies .
I first got the idea to put together a really simple , stripped - down , record - it - in - my - underwear - in - my - apartment - in - boston kinda thing .
I had a collection of solo songs that were defined , very clear by their lack of drums .
That was the only criteria .
Otherwise , they went straight into the pile of Dresden Dolls tunes .
The original song list looks something like THIS …. this is a scan out of my journal from Friday , June 9 , 2006 .
This list was put down before I even wrote Guitar Hero and Leeds United .
So a month after I wrote that list you just read , the Dresden Dolls website got an email from a Mr. Ben Folds .
It went like this :
From : ben folds
Subject : from ben folds and housekeeping ladies everywhere
Date : July 20 , 2006 10:47:40 PM
EDT
To : Amanda Palmer
dear amanda and brian ,
you 've now made two of my favorite records ever .
thank you thank you .
both of you .
i'm in tokyo right now , so i'm bowing to you a hundred times like the housekeeping lady just did .
Most bikes sold today come with so - called " unisex " saddles .
A sizable minority come with saddles specially designed for women , but where is the saddle for the
If you look at advertisements for conventional saddles you 'll see adjectives like " soft " " cushy " " comfy " " padded " ... no wonder this country is going down the tubes , if that 's the priority of the sybaritic masses .
Can total decadence and degradation be far behind ?
The Real MAN ® saddle offers a rugged , spartan alternative that can help restore the hardy pioneer spirit that made this great nation what it was in its prime .
Can a bicycle saddle change the world ?
Why not !
You 've gotta start somewhere , why not at the bottom ?
The typical saddle sold today is made of squishy " gel " foam over a plastic base , designed to coddle the delicate derrières of women and decadent , emasculated males .
They 're often upholstered with slippery Lycra or similar slippery cloth .
Yecch !
By Pierre Rousset
The political impact of the New Anti-Capitalist Party ( Nouveau Parti anticapitaliste or NPA ) process is quite important .
In a number places , this new political party in construction is already de facto replacing the French Revolutionary Communist League ( Ligue communiste révolutionnaire or LCR ) and is very active .
In June 2007 , the LCR launched an appeal for the constitution of a New Anti-Capitalist Party .
In June 2008 , 1000 delegates met in Paris to give a national - scale dimension to a process which started from the bottom .
At the beginning of November 2008 , delegates from some 400 committees gathered again to discuss three documents : programmatic references , political orientation , statutes and functioning of the NPA .
Around 10,000 activists are presently engaged in the founding process of the NPA – three times more than the total membership of the LCR .
On November 6 , 2008 it held its first public meeting in Paris with more than 2000 participants .
If everything goes as planned , on January 29 , 2009 , the LCR at its last congress will decide on its own dissolution .
The following days , January 30 - February 1 , 2009 , at its first congress , the NPA will be constituted .
So far , so good .
What is striking is how fast this overall process proceeds .
It obviously answers a political need .
This need , this opportunity , has been felt for sometime already , but , in the last 10 years , all previous attempts to build a qualitatively broader anti-capitalist party in France failed .
To overcome these failures , the LCR decided to try something new – so new it even never envisaged it before .
What then is “ new ” in the process of constitution of the New Anti-Capitalist Party ?
After all other scenarios failed …
Because of the key role played by the LCR in the launching of the NPA , it maybe useful to look back on how this organisation in the past saw the building of a socially broadly rooted revolutionary party .
I speak here from the experience of my “ fading away ” generation ( the May 1968 one ) which is no longer “ in command ” in the LCR or the NPA , but whose historical legacy has to be taken into account precisely to analyse what is “ new ” .
I ’ll present our past “ visions ” it in a very brief , simplified and schematic way .
My generation created new , dynamic , radical organisations in the 1960s – but , in France , we remained very small .
In the late ' 60s - early '70s , we thought we had no choice because key class confrontations were to come soon : the new revolutionary party had to be built quickly , in the heat of the crisis , through intense activism .
In the mid-'70s , we had to admit that the pace of history would be much slower than expected and that the mass - based revolutionary party will have to be built in the long run .
The LCR never thought this party would simply be the result of its own quantitative growth .
It had to be the outcome of a much broader process of “ recomposition ” , restructuring of the left and labour movement .
We envisaged three main scenarios :
1 . First schema : the radicalisation of whole sections , of wings , of existing mass working - class parties ( the Socialist party -- SP -- and the Communist Party -- PCF ) .
We can maybe say that this schema was shaped in Italy with the creation of the Party of the Communist Refoundation when the old CP became social - democratic .
But it was not the case in France .
The main split from the SP ( around Jean - Pierre Chevènement ) became “ left- nationalist ” and declined , becoming irrelevant .
The long - lasting crisis of the PCF never gave birth to anything looking like what happened in Italy .
Our “ old left ” proved incapable of rejuvenating , even in part .
2. Second schema : the launching of a new radical working - class party by the trade unions with the participation of existing revolutionary groups .
That is the “ Brazilian schema ” – the original foundation of the Workers Party ( PT ) – or , more recently , the South Korean process : the KCTU trade union centre has backed the creation of the Democratic Labour Party ( DLP ) .
In both cases , the trade union movement was still “ young ” , having reorganised itself after a period of military dictatorship .
In France , the main trade union centres ( CGT , CFDT , FO ) show no such dynamism .
3 . Third schema : two or three significant political groups join together to build a new party .
This happened in Portugal ( Left Bloc ) or Denmark ( Red- Green Alliance ) .
It was the simplest and the most “ credible ” of all scenarios – but it nevertheless did not work in France .
Contrary to the LCR , the two other main far left organisations coming from the 1960s radicalisation have never been interested in rallying various radical forces around a common political project ( unlike in Portugal , for example ) .
An important political opening existed nevertheless after the victory in 2005 of the “ no ” in the referendum on the draft European ( neoliberal and militaristic ) constitution .
A powerful aspiration for political unity in the “ left of the left ” then expressed – but failed after two years of intense negotiations involving a range of currents going from the PCF to the LCR .
This last attempt ended in bitterness and harsh polemics between components of this two - year process on who was responsible for its ultimate failure .
But rather than looking for culprits , it is better to reflect on why the three above - mentioned scenarios failed in France in spite decades of successive attempts .
In , again , a very schematic way , I would like to underline the following factors :
The “ old ” political and labour movement does not anymore have the potential to rejuvenate a radical left .
The social roots of the SP have changed and its “ social - liberal ” orientation expresses the depth of its integration into the bourgeois society .
The PCF has never truly addressed the issue of its Stalinist past and now finds itself electorally and institutionally hostage of the SP : for years now it has been in crisis – and it is unfortunately a “ crisis without dynamism ' ' .
The three main trade union confederations ( CGT , CFDT , FO ) are too bureaucratised .
This does not mean that individuals ( even many ) or local activist teams from the “ old ” labour movement are not and will not join the NPA or another radical left party – indeed , quite a number are !
But it means that , unlike what we hoped in the 1970s - 1980s , it will not be enough to “ recompose ” ( “ restructure ” ) the traditional labour movement .
It has to be remoulded in a broader way –– which is something much more complex !
The “ new ” trade unions ( Solidaires … ) and social movements have a much greater radical potential .
Many of their activists are reacting positively to the call for the NPA .
Some members of their leaderships did engage in the attempts to build , in 2005 - 2007 , political unity in the “ left of the left ” .
But the relationship between social movements and political parties remains in France very uneasy .
The independence of trade unions and mass organisations is today a very sensitive issue – and mostly for good reasons given past experiences !
Radical parties such as the NPA have to show in a consistent way their usefulness and their readiness to keep respectful relationships with “ mass organisations ” , for a new mutual dynamics to better shape in the future .
` Left of the left '
It is difficult to describe what the French “ left of the left ” is made of , because few of its components are politically well delineated .
The PCF is by far its biggest component but is in deep crisis .
The LCR is by far the biggest component of the “ far left ” involved in unity processes .
Then there are smaller political organisations , informal networks , local teams , individual activists or “ personalities ” … the whole constituting a “ milieu ” , broader than a coalition of parties .
There are many reasons explaining why the 2005 - 2006 attempts to build unity around common electoral candidates ended in fragmentation .
But there is one major political issue which has to be kept in mind here : the relationships with the Socialist Party , electoral alliances and governmental participation .
This is a key issue in a number of countries where electoral blocs and governmental participation has been or will be a concrete choice for the radical left : Brazil , West Bengal , Italy , Germany , Portugal , the Netherlands .
In France , the electoral system is very undemocratic : to have any chance of being elected to parliament , one needs the backing of the SP ( on the left ) – which is not given for free .
Weakened , the PCF needs all the more to negotiate an agreement with the SP to save its electoral positions .
Those who want to ally with the PCF have to accept it .
But for the LCR ( and others ) , the task of the day is to strengthen a radical left pole able to incarnate an alternative in the left to social - liberalism – which implies a total independence from the SP .
That has been and remains a major political line of demarcation .
Late 2006 , the LCR seemed very isolated within the “ left of the left ” .
Early 2007 , for the presidential election , Marie - George Buffet run for the PCF , Olivier Besancenot for the LCR and José Bové for some other components of the “ left of the left ” .
Besancenot ’s campaign was politically very dynamic and he got more than 4 % of the votes .
There was no such dynamics in Buffet ’s campaign and she got less than 2 % ( a historically low figure for the PCF ! ) .
Bové ’s campaign was politically confused and had little impact .
In spite of his own personal notoriety , he hardly got more than 1 % .
After two years of intense debates on orientation , the presidential election was a real political test for the “ left of the left ” .
It gave new responsibilities to the LCR .
The new responsibilities of the LCR
With the success of its political initiative and electoral campaign , the LCR found itself at the centre stage of the “ left of the left ” .
The question was thus : what to do of this success ?
The LCR had the responsibility to take an initiative quickly , for the existing momentum not to be lost ( as happened in the past ) .
In mid-2007 , even after the political test of the elections , there was no possibility to reach an agreement with other significant organisations for launching a new anti-capitalist party .
With no “ top- bottom ” unity call possible , the LCR decided to impulse a “ bottom - top ” process – something which it never envisaged before .
Everyone ready to participate in the creation of a new anti-capitalist party clearly independent from the SP was invited to join local committees for the NPA .
The network of committees would constitute the foundation of the new party .
It was clear that there was an open political space for a radical party qualitatively broader than the LCR to emerge .
This was in part shown by the extraordinary popularity of Olivier Besancenot .
Olivier is a very good candidate and spokesperson .
This is not mainly a “ media ” phenomenon .
Being a postie , he is not seen as a professional politician but as a “ co- worker ” ( “ one of us ” ) .
He is young , and the youth can also identify with him .
Last but not the least , he is politically very consistent : when at 27 years old he first ran in a presidential campaign ( in 2002 ) , he was totally unknown but already a member of the political bureau of the LCR .
In TV forums , he usually smashes politically professional politicians and members of the government .
People love it !
One reason why the LCR has been able to take the initiative of launching the NPA is often overlooked .
Its leadership has been renewed .
Today , all the historical “ figures ” of the LCR have stepped out of the politbureau ( but remain active ! ) , and the national leadership is now mostly composed of cadres in their 30s and 40s .
This seems not to be the case for most other organisations .
It is a very important issue because of the radical change of political generation , which occurred since the 1990s .
On one hand , the LCR renewed its membership and cadre network .
On the other , the LCR remains an organisation framed by its origins – the 1960s - 1970s ' experience .
So it both can and must impulse the creation of a new party , rooted in the present generation outlook .
The NPA as a NEW party
For the LCR , the aim is not only to build a bigger , stronger party .
It is to help the creation of a truly new one .
There has been a radical change of period , with the disintegration of USSR and with capitalist globalisation .
And there has been a radical shift in generation : present activists do not have the same references and the same background of historical experiences than the “ 1968 ” ones .
The combination of the two radical changes ( period and generation ) has deep consequences in the way politics is lived .
For sure , it is important to keep alive the political experience of the past decades , the many lessons of the past century ( imperialism , Stalinism … ) .
How then to build anew without losing our past ?
By passing the legacy of the LCR on a new party .
By bringing also into this new party the best of other revolutionary traditions of the past century – from various Marxist or libertarian traditions , from feminist and eco-socialist movements , etc .
By giving to the new party the social roots of trained mass cadres , while broadening its social implantation with the recent experience of the Global Justice Movement and the wave of resistance in populous suburbs , among migrants , etc .
By allowing also the new party to speak the political language of the present generation .
The will to build with others a broader anti-capitalist party is not new for the LCR , it aimed at it for several decades !
What is new is the decision to impulse a “ bottom - top ” process and , most importantly , to fully integrate the change of period and generation in the vision of the new party .
Unfortunately , the LCR is presently the only “ big ” ( everything is relative ) component of the “ left of the left ” engaged in the NPA process .
The other concerned political groups are much smaller .
The danger then was that the LCR would remain “ the party within the party ” after the foundation of the NPA .
To avoid that , drastic decisions were taken .
LCR members are usually in minority in steering bodies of the de facto existing NPA .
And the LCR should dissolve itself the days before the founding congress of the NPA .
The NPA has to become a political and social melting pot , to shape its own identity .
It is presently easy to reach political agreements within the NPA process and there is nothing divisive today as the “ nature of USSR ” ( to take an example ) was for the “ left of the left ” in the 1970s .
But there are strategic issues with little concrete answers ( how to disarm the bourgeoisie ? ) .
The NPA will have to consolidate its programmatic foundations through its own experience .
It will take time .
The road ahead is unknown .
The decision to dissolve the LCR is of course a risky one .
But it would be even more risky not to take this risk .
We have to seize the present opportunity : to miss it would probably be very costly for the whole “ left of the left ” .
The NPA must not be seen as – and must not be – an “ enlarged LCR ” , but a qualitatively newer party .
The process is well engaged .
Thousands of people who were never member of a party before are involving .
Many coming from the PCF or other organisations are joining too , as well as grassroots activists .
If the launching of the NPA end of January 2009 is a success , some political components which are presently not ready to unite with the LCR may change their mind .
But it may be better to wait for the end of January 2009 and the founding congress of the NPA to evaluate the long way we ’ll have come – and the long way still ahead .
[ This article first appeared on the website of International Viewpoint , magazine of the Fourth International .
It will appear in a future issue of Amandla .
Pierre Rousset is a member of Europe Solidaire Sans Frontiers ( ESSF ) .
He has been involved for many years in Asian solidarity movements . ]
The Department of Defense wants you to design a pack of robots that would hunt humans .
Or , as they put it , “ search for and detect a non-cooperative human subject ” .
While the project brings to mind Terminators , there are also non-terrifying uses for these robots , including search and rescue missions .
The robots should be about 100 kilograms or less , provide immediate feedback , and defer to a human operator in the event of a difficult decision .
This project presents some interesting challenges for robot designers .
They ’ll need to consider several key issues , like robot cooperation and decision - making abilities .
We knew it was only a matter of time before the DoD turned the Grand Challenge into Death Race .
[ via Warren Ellis ]
November 13 , 2008
THE MUCH -HYPED $ 700 billion bailout for the banks has become a grab - bag of policies and giveaways to corporations of all sorts as the Bush administration reels under the pressure of collapsing stock prices , frozen credit markets and skyrocketing unemployment .
Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson announced November 12 that he 'll use the second half of the $ 700 bailout fund for direct government investment directly into U.S. banks , abandoning his original plan to use the money to buy up bad mortgage - related debts from financial institutions .
Meanwhile , the lame - duck Congress , under pressure from president - elect Barack Obama , wants to use that fund to prevent the possible bankruptcy of General Motors .
And with other corporate bankruptcies looming , many big corporations and entire industries are lining up to lobby for a rescue by the government .
If government funds are funneled to GM and other automakers , it would only be the latest in a series of sweeping government efforts to counteract the world financial crisis .
Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson
The $ 200 billion nationalization of mortgage companies Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , the $ 150 billion takeover of insurance company AIG and the $ 700 billion bank bailout fund together constitute the most aggressive government intervention in the economy since the 1930s .
And that does n't count an estimated $ 140 billion in tax write - offs allowed by the Treasury Department to encourage bank mergers , or the extra $ 1 trillion in liabilities that the Federal Reserve Bank has taken on its books since September .
YET FOR all the money spent , the results are negligible .
Loss - ridden banks are hoarding their bailout money and refusing to make loans .
Fannie and Freddie continue to lose tens of billions of dollars .
Incredibly , AIG has even had to be rescued from its original government rescue :
The Treasury Department is lowering the interest rate on the company 's government loan , investing $ 40 billion in AIG stock , and spending another $ 50 billion to create off - the - books holding companies to buy up the toxic securities that the company owned .
( It was just these off - the - books operations that allowed the banks to hide their bad assets in the first place , which set the stage for the financial meltdown . )
Still , the credit squeeze drags on , choking off consumer spending that 's already constrained by falling real wages and rising joblessness .
The biggest impact of this pullback by consumers is in the auto industry , with the three Detroit automakers reporting their worst sales figures in decades .
As a result , the Democrats are attempting to use the lame - duck session of Congress to pass an economic stimulus bill that may include an emergency loan for the auto industry .
Treasury Secretary Paulson says the $ 700 billion allocated to the Troubled Asset Relief Program ( TARP ) should n't be used to bail out the car companies .
Beyond that , though , pretty much anything goes .
In a November 12 press conference , Paulson announced that TARP funds -- originally slated for buying up bad mortgage - related securities from banks -- will now be used almost exclusively for direct government investments in banks and financial institutions .
This flip - flop -- the latest of many by Paulson since the financial panic began in September - - comes under pressure from Europe , where governments have partially nationalized their biggest banks .
The U.S. had to follow suit or see money flow across the Atlantic to take advantage of foreign governments ' financial guarantees .
So Paulson , a free - market Republican and former CEO of the investment bank Goldman Sachs , suddenly announced last month that the U.S. would spend $ 250 billion to buy up the stocks of some of the biggest U.S. banks .
Now , he wants to spend the second $ 350 billion installment in the same way .
Already , the first $ 350 billion of the TARP fund is committed , with just $ 60 billion left to spend .
And competition for those remaining funds is fierce .
Insurers Allstate and MetLife have asked for bailout money , and American Express got federal regulators ' approval to transform itself into a bank holding company , which makes it eligible for TARP .
" The biggest surprise was how quickly it went from ' I do n't need this , ' to ' How do I get in ? ' "
Michele Davis , head of public affairs at the Treasury Department , told the New York Times .
" Then , " the Times continued , " there is the National Marine Manufacturers Association , which is asking whether boat financing companies might be eligible for aid to ensure that dealers have access to credit to stock their showrooms with boats -- costs have gone up as the credit markets have calcified .
Using much the same rationale , the National Automobile Dealers Association is pleading that car dealers get consideration , too . "
WHILE LOBBYISTS turn the TARP into a piñata for Corporate America , the U.S. economy appears to be in freefall .
The big jump in unemployment from 6.3 percent in September to 6.5 percent in October means that more than 10 million people are out of work - - a figure that does n't include those forced to settle for part - time work or who have dropped out of the labor market altogether .
The plunge in consumer spending -- the worst since 1980 - - reflects not only rising unemployment and shrinking real wages , but the wipeout of $ 5 trillion in wealth since the housing bubble burst last year .
The U.S. economy is likely to get worse -- much worse -- before it gets better .
According to one widely watched measure , manufacturing is at its lowest level since 1981 .
And the continued refusal of banks to lend to one another , let alone to profitable companies and creditworthy consumers , is jamming the gears of the U.S. and world economy , further suppressing demand .
Thus , what seemed to be a shortage of raw materials just a few months ago now appears as a glut , with the price of oil , for example , at about half the level it was at in July .
In the short term , the problem of overcapacity is most acute in the auto industry .
" Blame will fly as the damage deepens , but the unhappy fact is that the market really does n't need three big U.S. automakers any more , " wrote U.S. News and World Report columnist Rick Newman .
" Compared with peak sales of nearly 17 million vehicles in 2006 , sales in the U.S. market are likely to decline by at least 20 percent this year and possibly next year , too .
The Detroit Three had too many factories during the boom times , and their overcapacity seems vast now that Americans are poised to buy 3 or 4 million fewer vehicles . "
And with U.S. demand cut back , countries that depend on exports to the U.S. market -- most prominently China but many others as well -- are struggling with slower growth .
Even China 's $ 587 billion economic stimulus package to build new infrastructure -- a spending plan that is far bigger , proportionately , than the U.S. bailout -- is unlikely to absorb the industrial overcapacity in that country , let alone give a lift to the world economy .
" This package alone will not be able to turn the global commodities markets around , " said Frank Gong , a China analyst for JPMorgan Chase .
" For infrastructure spending , you probably need steel , cement , heavy machinery and a lot of cheap labor , but China is still going to see a big slowdown in exports and industrial output . "
The deepening crisis will be the focus of a November 15 summit of the Group of 20 nations -- the seven industrialized countries plus rising economies like Brazil , India , Russia , China and others .
The meeting , hosted in Washington by the outgoing and hapless Bush administration , was hastily planned and wo n't accomplish anything other than giving world leaders a chance to try and boost confidence in the financial system .
What 's presented as coordinated efforts to boost the world economy are in fact competitive measures by rival nations , each intent on using the power of the state to shore up their financial systems and main corporations .
The aim of each is to avoid the worst of the crisis by passing its cost on to others .
It 's only in this context that Paulson 's various bailout schemes make sense .
Making up policy as he goes along , his priority is to protect his former fellow Wall Street CEOs and to shore up the banking system , not to help the workers who are bearing the brunt of the crisis .
The Democrats may prevail in their effort to include the auto industry in this ad hoc effort to keep the U.S. industrial base from unraveling .
But unless and until working people are organized enough to fight for different priorities , the benefits of government intervention will go the same business chiefs who created this catastrophe .
As Lehman Brothers tried to find a way out of a liquidity death spiral , Henry Paulson , the Treasury Secretary , and Christopher Cox , the Chairman of the SEC , flew up from Washington for a six o'clock meeting with then - New York Federal Reserve chief , Timothy Geithner at the New York Federal Reserve Bank 's Italianate palazzo in lower Manhattan .
Going into the weekend , Lehman had two potential suitors - Bank of America and Barclays .
With Geithner at his side , at 6:15 P.M , Paulson stood before CEOs and their top deputies from Goldman Sachs , Merrill Lynch , Morgan Stanley , JPMorgan Chase , Citigroup , Credit Suisse and other firms and delivered a harsh message , according to a source there .
" There will be no bailout for Lehman , " Paulson said , " The only possible way out is a private - sector solution . "
Wall Street 's top execs had to come up with a plan in 48 hours to save Lehman from insolvency or suffer the consequences of a catastrophic unwind of the Gordian knot of Wall Street 's complex and internecine financial relationships .
Read more .
From Hobyo's beach , three different ships captured by the pirates can be seen .
The one pictured is Japanese , and was attacked in September .
The ship and its crew will remain there until the end of the negotiations between the pirates and the ship 's insurance company .
The Ukrainian ship MV Faina is also nearby , but is too far out to sea to be seen from the beach
Photograph : Veronique de Viguerie / Getty Images
The Town Hall Debate : Old John
Well , so much for the idea that the town hall format helps John McCain .
In the town halls staged by his campaign , where the crowds are composed almost entirely of his supporters , McCain has been relaxed , and has been on the stage by himself .
In Nashville tonight , neither of those particulars applied .
Instead , as he and Barack Obama wandered around the stage , McCain overwhelmingly conveyed the impression -- not to put too fine a point on it -- that he ’s old .
In fact , McCain looks older than he is .
He cannot move as easily or fluidly as he could had he not had his limbs broken while a prisoner of war .
But he was stiff in a format that rewards fluidness .
And that sense of age was accentuated by the contrast with Obama and by a number of McCain ’s answers and comments .
As I look at my notes from tonight ’s debate , I see that I marked McCain ’s appearance twice – first , when he answered the question of what to do about entitlements by referring to the deal Ronald Reagan and Tip O’Neill worked out 25 years ago , and , second , as he moved across the stage following an Obama answer that referenced the need to anticipate 21st - century challenges .
McCain started the evening with a bang -- his proposal to direct the Treasury secretary to buy up and work out all the threatened mortgages in the land .
How new this proposal actually is -- the $ 700 billion bailout bill allows the secretary to do just that , though it does not direct him to do so -- can be debated .
But McCain did not follow it up in any serious way during the rest of the discussion of the economic crisis , reverting whenever possible -- and at times when not -- to his comfort zone of earmarks .
Obama did n’t unveil anything new , but time and again he spoke more directly of the plight of ordinary Americans than McCain is capable of doing .
In a sense , Obama has learned a key lesson from the master of such things , Bill Clinton :
You do n’t have to promise to solve every economic problem , but you have to convince people that you ’re at least in touch with what those problems mean for them .
Mr. Cool has in this respect become a warmer presence .
He feels their pain .
But it ’s not simply a question of empathy .
Obama is winning because his economic narrative is better than McCain’s .
He speaks to and for the people who have been left behind in the late boom -- and what the Republicans still do n’t realize is that the vast majority of Americans were left out of the Wall Street boom of the past half - decade .
Obama ’s long - term solutions are more directed to their needs than McCain ’s are .
And even when McCain comes up with a progressive idea , such as directing the public purchase of distressed mortgages , the idea sits alone , an island of progressivism in a laissez - faire sea .
It ’s too late for McCain , and for Republicans generally , to change their economic narrative .
As recently as this winter , when the Republican candidates debated during the primaries , all of them were seeking to claim Ronald Reagan ’s mantle .
McCain is still wearing it , but it ’s threadbare now ; it ’s not what the country either needs or wants .
Obama is using the debates to reassure the nation as to his own steadiness and , just as important , to make himself the candidate of the future and to link McCain to the policies of a failed past .
Tonight , largely unwittingly , McCain abetted him in that task .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Footage of a large meteor streaking across western Canada has been broadcast on Canadian television .
The video filmed from a local police car on patrol , showed a small light turning into a massive fireball as it fell from the sky and appeared to hit the Earth in the distance .
Scientists are now searching for the remains of the meteor .
First broadcast 22nd November 2008
It was when Jason Schron spent four hours under a baggage car in — 20C weather , with his head lodged beside a generator and directly under a toilet release chute , that he realized he had made the right decision about what to do with his life .
Less than a year earlier , he had quit pursuing a PhD in art history at a prestigious British university to build high - quality model trains – he examines real trains , even in — 20C weather , to make sure every detail is exact .
Which is probably why his model train business has been so successful .
Schron started a company called Rapido Trains in 2003 with a kit that buyers ordered and assembled themselves .
He sold a few , but realized most of his potential customers did n't really have time to build their own models .
Then he met a fellow model - train enthusiast in China and they started up a factory to build his trains .
" Believe me , I tried to get them made in Canada , but I could n't . " he said .
" It was n't the price – when I showed them ( Canadian plastics factories ) the kind of detail I wanted , they simply could n't comprehend . "
Rapido incorporated in November 2004 , had enough business by September 2005 for Schron to be working full time on his trains .
Now , he has three employees .
For 2005 , Rapido reported revenues of just under $ 50,000 , but in 2007 it pulled in $ 1,248,217 .
And it 's still growing .
But Schron says he 's not in it for the money .
" I have enough to pay my bills , enough to pay my mortgage , " he said .
" This industry is n't quite big enough for anyone in it to have a private jet . "
Instead , he does it , he said , because it's what he always wanted to do .
" My earliest memory is of taking the Turbo Train from Montreal to Toronto when I was 2 , " he said .
" I started building model trains when I was 4 and by the time I was 13 , I was stripping down commercial model trains and remaking them for VIA . "
Since then , he 's dedicated much of his life to trains – actually one train in particular , the Turbo .
The gas turbine - powered , high - speed train that operated between Montreal and Toronto from 1968 until 1982 and on various routes in the United States from 1968 until 1976 .
It was the first train Schron ever rode and the only one he truly loves .
He 's even written a book about it – Turbotrain : A Journey – in which he hoped to lay to rest the belief that the train was a failure .
" It was put on the rails one year after testing – most trains get 10 years of testing – and had some problems , " he said .
" But once they fixed them , it was the best train in the world with a 97 per cent on - time rate and a 98.6 per cent availability . "
He also points out that a Turbo Train still holds the Canadian train speed record at 226.2 km/h and the U.S. train speed record at 274.8 km /h .
His continuing obsession with trains is obvious at Rapido 's Concord , Ont. , headquarters .
It 's decorated with posters and other regalia from trains and even real parts taken from antique trains .
Schron greets guests on real VIA Rail chairs .
Behind them is a working H0 - scale track – in H0 scale , 3.5 millimetres represents 1 real foot – with various versions of the Turbo on it .
They light up and they have real announcements in English and French recorded by a real CP Rail conductor .
" When the Turbo project ended , they were going to throw everything away , but I knew someone who collected it all – everything from plans to memos , " he said .
" And he traded it in exchange for one completed model . "
Keep in mind that these are not the kind of train sets you put under the Christmas tree for the kids – they are very serious with individual cars and engines retailing for about $ 65 and a complete set going for $ 500 .
But according to many in the industry , that 's bargain for what Rapido offers .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
" His products are of very high quality , a brass model is typically $ 500 , while Rapido is typically only $ 65 , " said Tom Tomblin , owner of Oakville - based Canadian Model Trains .
" So , you 'd think it'd be cheap in comparison , but it 's the exact opposite – very high quality , but at a low price . "
By making his products in China fashioned out of plastic , Schron has managed to keep costs down .
" Rapido offers models with great fidelity and accuracy to people who ordinarily would not be about to get them , " said Tomblin .
And Schron knows how to sell model trains .
" Jason is very aggressive at marketing , " said Neil Begsouloff , editor - in - chief of Model Railroader magazine – the industry bible , which has published two very positive reviews of Rapido products .
" He teased the Turbo for about a year , so when it was ready to ship , it was already sold out . "
Those customers will remain loyal , Tomblin said , not just because of the quality of the product , but the customer support afterward .
" That 's a strong point for Rapido , " he said .
" If something goes wrong they make it right very quickly and they treat international customers like they 're in Toronto or Mississauga , no matter what the cost . "
But when it gets down to it , it 's the quality of the product .
That and the obsessive detail on the bottoms of every Rapido train is something Schron takes a lot of pride in .
" I remember being a kid and waiting at Guildwood and Dorval ( Quebec ) stations and being fascinated by the pipes and tubes and things under the trains , " he said .
" And the first thing you do with a model train is pick it up and look at the bottom ; on most trains it 's just four blobs of plastic , but mine are absolutely accurate ; I know , I 've been there . "
The primary reason why customers are buying Rapido 's products as fast as they can be made is Schron 's passion for the product .
" There are two kinds of model - train companies :
Those run by businessmen who want to keep the costs down and those run by enthusiasts who want to make the most perfect product , " Begsouloff said .
" And Jason is probably the most enthusiastic we have ever seen . "
Read more about :
Published online 20 November 2008 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2008.1246
News
An exhaustive calculation of proton and neutron masses vindicates the Standard Model .
Atoms are much heavier than the fundamental particles from which they are made .
European scientists have now shown that this oddity can be fully understood using the conventional Standard Model of particle physics .
Zoltán Fodor of the University of Wuppertal in Germany and his co-workers have carried out an awesomely difficult computation to deduce the masses of the proton and the neutron — the so - called baryon particles that constitute atomic nuclei — from theory alone1 .
This drawing shows the supercomputers the researchers used to calculate the masses of protons and neutrons .
Forschungszentrum Jülich / Seitenplan
Baryons are themselves made up of quarks , bound together by the ' strong ' nuclear force produced by particles called gluons that zip between quarks .
Before now , no one had demonstrated conclusively that the Standard Model , which explains how baryons are built from quarks , can accurately predict baryons ' masses — which are well known from experiments .
That 's largely because of the teeming nature of the subatomic world , in which ' empty ' space is no such thing .
According to quantum theory , a vacuum is filled with virtual particles that pop in and out of existence in pairs , corresponding to particles and their antimatter equivalents .
All at sea
These virtual quarks form a kind of pervasive ' sea ' in which those that make up the actual baryons are bathed .
" The calculations are complicated because of the need to include the effect of the sea quarks , " says Christine Davies , a particle physicist at Glasgow University in Scotland who was part of a team that made some of the first accurate calculations of these particle masses in 2003 .
But worst of all , the calculations needed to describe this morass do n't ' converge ' .
For atoms and molecules interacting in gases and liquids , most of the interaction energy comes from direct interplay between pairs of particles , a little comes from triplets of particles , a tiny bit from groups of four and so on .
Quarks do n't have this handy tailing off as the number of interacting particles multiplies – they are said to be ' strongly coupled ' – so all the possibilities need to be taken into account .
The theory for describing quark - gluon interactions is called quantum chromodynamics ( QCD ) .
The strong coupling of these interactions means that there 's no exact way of making calculations using pen and paper .
Instead , the equations must be solved numerically on a computer .
The usual way of doing this , devised 20 years ago , is to divide up four - dimensional time and space into a series of discrete cells , like those of a two - dimensional chess board , and then compute how each cell is affected by all the others .
This gridding is essentially the same trick that scientists use in other complicated computations such as global weather and climate models .
In nuclear physics it is called lattice QCD .
Virtually accurate
But even with these simplifications , the calculation is immense .
So until the mid-1990s , it was common for lattice QCD calculations of the masses of hadrons ( all particles composed of quarks , including baryons ) simply to ignore all the virtual quark - antiquark pairs in the vacuum .
That gave only rough estimates .
Five years ago , physicists hit on a way to include some of these pairs without overloading the computation .
This stimulated calculations such as those of Davies 's team that produced mass values for protons and neutrons close to those observed .
But all such efforts have been forced to leave out some aspects of the problem , and so were not exhaustive tests of the Standard Model 's accuracy .
ADVERTISEMENT
Now Fodor and his colleagues have cracked the problem of how to include all the ingredients and the results of their calculations match experimental values extremely closely .
The researchers ' success is down to no magic ingredient , but a combination of doggedness and judicious planning .
It has required " a huge amount of computer time " , says team member Stefan Dürr of the John von Neumann Institute for Computing in Zeuthen , Germany .
But he adds that making the calculation tractable also involved a careful choice of how to describe the key physical processes involved .
Collider question
The results verify that only a small part of the baryon masses comes from the masses of the quarks themselves .
The remaining mass comes from the energy that the quarks carry by virtue of being bound together or confined within a hadron .
This puts some perspective on the aims of the new Large Hadron Collider particle accelerator at CERN , the European Laboratory for Particle Physics in Geneva .
The popular story is that the Large Hadron Collider will explore the ' origins of mass ' by probing how quarks and other fundamental particles obtain their masses , thought to happen through the mediation of a particle called the Higgs boson .
In fact , the new work confirms that the mass of the stuff around us is due only in very small part to the masses of quarks themselves .
Most of it comes from the way they interact inside baryons .
" Ninety - nine per cent of the mass of the proton and neutron , and therefore the visible Universe , is QCD binding energy , " says Davies .
" The Higgs then just explains the 1 % of it that comes from quark masses . "
All the same , she adds , where that last per cent comes from is still " a very important fundamental question " .
Let me say a few words in praise of Germany .
I am glad Mrs Merkel has better things to do with her time than attend the grandstanding “ Save the world ” session with the UK and France today .
I am glad she has avoided mock reflation based on massive borrowing .
The UK plan to borrow more to pay for a VAT cut has backfired badly .
Maybe Mrs Merkel understands that if the money is borrowed from nationals , there is very little reflation .
The extra savings made by individuals and companies to lend to the government cannot also be spent by the savers , so it offsets much of the benefit of the extra spending by the government .
Clearly she understands that this year ’s reflation on public borrowing is a future year ’s tax increase when you have to start repaying the debts .
Germany has fought its way back from over borrowing to finance the reunification .
It has maintained some very good engineering based industries , and built a large balance of payments surplus .
Mr Brown ’s strategy of treble deficits , where everything rests of borrowing , is not going to prove as robust a model as the German one .
Germany ’s reluctance to join the others today should be taken as an opportuntiy to rethink the UK strategy , which is taking far too much risk with the public accounts .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Japanese car designers are showing off their ideas for how to cope with an increasingly cluttered world in a new exhibition at London 's Science Museum .
Nick Higham takes a look at some of their solutions for keeping wheels moving despite a booming global population and traffic congestion .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- Ford Motor reported a $ 3 billion quarterly operating loss on Friday and said it would reduce staff and capital spending in order to preserve its dwindling cash .
Ford said it would cut salaried employment costs by 10 % - reducing compensation of its white collar workers by eliminating merit pay , bonuses and the company 's matching contributions to their retirement accounts .
But even with those savings , the company said it 's likely to lay off more salaried staffers .
It also said hourly staff - mostly factory workers covered by union contracts - would be reduced by an additional 2,600 through a voluntary buyout package .
The company , which earlier this year sold brands such as Jaguar and Land Rover , said it would continue to look to sell assets .
Ford Chief Executive Alan Mulally warned that while the company is confident that it is taking the right steps to respond to the downturn , it does not see a quick turnaround in demand for autos in either North America or Europe .
" We believe the downturn in industry volume will be broader , deeper and longer than previously expected , " he said during a conference call .
Sales volume is n't expected to improve until 2010 , he said .
Ford 's loss came to $ 1.31 a share , excluding special items , far worse than the penny a share loss it reported on that basis a year earlier .
Analysts surveyed by earnings tracker Thomson Reuters had forecast a loss of 93 cents a share .
The company had a one - time gain of $ 2.2 billion , related to the accounting of its retiree health care expenses .
With that gain , it reported a net loss of $ 129 million , or 6 cents a share , an improvement from the $ 380 million , or 19 cents a share , it lost on that basis a year earlier .
While the company did not give any specific guidance on results going forward , Chief Financial Officer Lewis Booth said the current quarter could see a larger increase in losses than seen in the third quarter .
But the operating losses continued to burn through the company 's cash position , leaving with its auto operations with only $ 18.9 billion in cash on hand at the end of the quarter , down $ 6.3 billion from the start of the quarter .
Concern has been growing that the nation 's automakers could run out of cash as soon as next year due to rising losses and high borrowing costs faced by the companies .
Ford had been considered to be in the best cash position of the three U.S. - based automakers .
Ford , which saw the volume of its U.S. vehicle sales plunge 25 % in the quarter , reported that overall revenue tumbled by $ 9 billion in the quarter to $ 32.1 billion .
High gasoline prices at the start of the quarter , followed by tight credit , increased job losses and record lows for consumer confidence late in the quarter combined to keep potential auto buyers on the sidelines .
The company disclosed that its fourth - quarter vehicle production would be cut by an additional 40,000 from previous plans .
That will leave its quarterly production target at 430,000 , down roughly a third from year - ago levels .
Ford said it will move ahead with product development plans for most vehicles , especially for smaller , more fuel efficient vehicles .
But it plans to reduce spending on the development of large vehicles and will delay other unspecified vehicles " that will be deferred until industry volumes recover . "
Ford also announced it would seek to raise additional cash by using equity - for - debt swaps .
But the company 's stock has already lost about three - quarters of its value in the last 12 months .
Automotive investor Kirk Kerkorian , who invested just over $ 1 billion in Ford shares earlier this year , has started selling that stake at a large loss and has said he may get out of the company 's stock altogether .
Ford ( F , Fortune 500 ) is not the only automaker seeing trouble .
Rival General Motors ( GM , Fortune 500 ) is forecast to report a jump in losses in the quarter later in the day Friday .
On Thursday , Japanese rival Toyota Motor ( TM ) , which is poised to see its first annual decline in U.S. auto sales , slashed its earnings outlook for its current fiscal year .
The chief executives of GM , Ford and privately - held Chrysler LLC , as well as the president of the United Auto Workers union , met with House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid on Thursday to seek support for a wide - ranging bailout package for the industry .
Both leaders voiced support for additional help for the sector following their meetings .
Mulally said he was encouraged by the discussions with members of Congress , but added that Ford is n't counting on additional federal help because it can't be sure of what will be approved .
He also disclosed that Ford is also talking to governments in other countries where it has operations as well .
Ford would be willing to discuss granting stock or stock warrants to the U.S. government in return for getting help , Mulally said .
No details of such an equity stake in the automaker had been discussed , he added .
Among the topics discussed were a $ 25 billion loan to fund union - controlled trust funds that would be set up in the coming year to cover the health care costs of retirees and their family members .
Shifting about $ 100 billion of those costs from the automakers ' balance sheet to the trust funds was a key concession the companies won from the UAW in the 2007 labor deals .
The discussions also touched upon allowing the automakers to tap into the $ 700 billion bailout of Wall Street firms and the nation 's banks that was passed by Congress last month .
Treasury has so far rejected auto - industry inquiries about accessing that pool of money .
The automakers also renewed their pre-election request to double the $ 25 billion low - interest loan program approved by Congress , as part of energy legislation , to help automakers convert to making more fuel - efficient vehicles in an effort to meet the demands of car buyers and new federal rules .
Ford shares were up 1 % in mid-morning trading Friday following the report .
RANDOM QUOTE : " The proverb says that Providence protects children and idiots .
This is really true .
I know because I have tested it . "
--- Mark Twain
Time Started : Full Name : * Gender : Please Select One Male Female * Age : * Level of Education : Please Select One Elementary Some High School High School Graduate Some College College Graduate * Country : Choose located country Afghanistan Albania Algeria Andorra Antigua Argentina Armenia Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia - Herzegovina Brazil Brunei Bulgaria Burma Cambodia Canada Central African Republic Chile China Colombia Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Estonia Fiji Finland France Georgia Germany Greece Grenada Guatemala Guinea Guyana Haiti Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kiribati Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia Madagascar Malaysia Malta Mexico Moldavia Monaco Mongolia Morocco Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Zealand Nicaragua Norway Oman Pakistan Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Republic of Ireland Romania Russia Saint Lucia San Marino Saudi Arabia Serbia and Montenegro Singapore Slovak republic Slovakia Slovenia South Africa Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Thailand Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Ukraine United Arab Emirates UK USA Uruguay Uzbekistan Venezuela Vietnam Yemen Others
Please make my score public if my IQ is in the top 20 among the individuals whom have taken this test .
I understand that my Full Name , My Country , and My IQ Score are the only information that will be presented publicly on the " Hall of Fame " .
Please keep my score private even if it is amongst the top 20 .
Please only click on the ( Guess ) checkbox if you have guessed the answer to the question , and only click on the ( Known ) checkbox if you have seen the exact same question before and know the answer .
Q# Complete the following series : ANSWER Guess ?
Known ?
1 . 125-64-27-8 ANSWER 1 2 4 6 7 2 . 4-9-25-49 ANSWER 69 81 94 106 121 3 . 16D15-64H48-144L80-256P112 ANSWER
336U120 360J120 360S124 400T120 400T144 4 . A - D - I - P ANSWER R S V Y Z 5 . 3 - F - 9 - L ANSWER 12 13 15 O M 6 . 2-6-12-20 ANSWER 25 30 36 40 45 7 . C - A - E - C ANSWER B D E F G 8 . 123-132-213-231 ANSWER
269 300 312 360 401 9 . [ 10 ] -[ 13.33 ] -[ 20 ] -[ 26.66 ] -[ 40 ] -[ 46.66 ] -[ 60 ] -[ 66.66 ] -[ 80 ] -[ 100 ] -[ ? ]
Q#
Which one is odd in the group : ANSWER Guess ?
Known ?
10 . Cat-Dog-Hamster - Pig ANSWER Cat Dog Hamster Pig 11 .
Car-Bicycle -Motorcycle -Van ANSWER Car Bicycle Motorcycle Van 12 .
Dollar - Lira - Quarter - Euro ANSWER
Dollar Lira Quarter Euro 13 .
Blue - Purple - Red- Yellow ANSWER Blue Purple Red Yellow 14 .
Flower - Lily - Rose - Tulip ANSWER
Flower Lilly Rose Tulip 15 .
Pluto - The Moon - The Earth - Mars ANSWER Pluto The Moon The Earth Mars Q# Answer the following questions : Guess ?
Known ? 16 . [ 1000 ] is to [ 10 ] as [ 8 ] is to [ ? ]
ANSWER 1 2 4 6 17 .
Roosters can lay up to [ ? ] eggs at a time .
ANSWER 0 2 4 12 18 .
If four mice can eat two crackers in two minutes , how many mice will it take to eat 18 crackers in six minutes ?
19 .
Which two of the above questions ( 1 through 18 ) could have two different correct answers ?
20 .
21 . 1 ..
2..
3..
Imagine you have six coins and you toss each in the air ( one at a time ) and recorder whether it was heads or tails .
( The gold coins are heads and the silver coins are tails ) .
Assign a number out of 9 for each series of results according to the probability of the recordings appearing in the same sequence .
( The sum of the probabilities should be 9 ) 1 ..
2..
3.. 22 .
The dark squares combine together to form a cube .
How many different patterns other than the one above can be used to form a cube ?
Valid patterns must have exactly six areas which are all connected .
Count rotated or symmetric patterns only once !
23 . Consider the following and calculate { 8 - 1} = [ ? ]
24 .
Place the numbers 1 to 9 in the available input boxes so that the results of performing the mathematical operations in any row and column ( from left to right or top to bottom ) always equals 13 + - - + x x + + - + x - 25 .
Eight standard dice should be arranged to form a 2x2x2 cubical stack .
Each pair of contact surfaces must have the same number of spots .
Arrange the dice so that the number of visible spots ( spots on the 24 non-contact surfaces ) becomes a minimum .
What is the minimum number of the visible spots ?
26 .
Which pattern below has the vertices of the cube above properly labeled ?
Which pattern below has the vertices of the cube above properly labeled ?
A. B. C. D. 27 .
In the instructions at the beginning of the test , How many bullets did you see ?
( Please do not go back to check since this would give you a less accurate result . )
The number of bullets should not include the two sub-bullets which refer to the mathematical series .
( NOTE : A bullet is a heavy dot ( . ) used to highlight a particular passage . )
For questions 28 - 32 the first diagram is a combination of the second diagram , and one of the four diagrams that follow .
You may rotate the diagrams in the ANSWER section clockwise or counter - clockwise only .
Imagine the diagrams as blocks which lay flat on a surface and can only be rotated but not flipped .
Which of the blocks fit together to form an exact resemblance of the first ?
Q# Complete the following : ANSWER Guess ?
Known ?
28 . = + 29 . = + 30 . = + 31 . = + 32 . = + Q#33 ( Without giving it much thought , in one paragraph quickly write what you believe is the meaning of life .
Write anything that comes to your head , even if it does not make any sense .
Make sure to write more than 3 sentences using proper punctuation , spelling and grammar to the best of your abilities . )
JREF Swift Blog
Gnome Hunters
GNOME HUNTERS : A Demonstration
I was recently asked to write an article for a group of paranormal investigators about how skeptics view believers .
I pointed out that , not being psychic , I cannot possibly know what all skeptics think of all believers .
But I did come up with the following example , which I think helps demonstrate the skeptical position .
Skeptics , you might find this example eerily familiar .
I hope that you enjoy it , and that if you come across any Gnome Hunters in the future , you might be able to use it to illustrate why certain claims are difficult to believe .
One day , you are hanging out in a book store .
You bump into a man who is buying some books , and wind up talking to him for a while .
You find out that the man has a hobby – every time he visits a new place , he scans the area with a special Gnome Finder that he has designed himself .
In reality , the Gnome Finder is a calculator .
When the man finds out about a place that is rumored to be full of gnomes ( which are , of course , invisible ) , the man takes his calculator / Gnome Finder to the location and puts in a simple math problem ; like 2+2 .
Every time the man gets a wrong answer , he knows that gnomes are around because gnomes hate math and they block all right answers to illustrate that fact .
The man ignores all other possible explanations for the wrong answer ; like perhaps his finger slipped on the button or the batteries in the calculator were low .
He knows there are gnomes because texts dating back to ancient times have reports of them , and because there are so many reports still .
He even , when he was a child , saw a gnome , and that experience has stayed with him ever since .
You abruptly begin backing away because the man is clearly insane .
Let 's examine this example a little more closely .
The man believes in something you have never personally seen , and for which there is no scientific evidence .
The man uses equipment to gauge whether or not this thing you have never seen is present in a location even though it is not designed for the purpose , is not accurate , and has never been shown to do anything beyond one particular thing , which is not searching for gnomes .
The man does not account for other possibilities for his anomalous readings .
The man depends upon the mythology of a civilization for proof .
The man also depends on a memory from when he was a young child , despite evidence that childhood memories are unreliable .
Let me know when that sounds familiar .
Assume you keep talking to this man because you have no regard for your own safety .
You bring up the points in the above paragraph .
To each of these points , the man has a response .
He says that it does n't matter if you personally have not seen gnomes .
He has .
And yes , it was when he was a child , but obviously that just means children are more open to the possibility that gnomes exist , and that the rules that are hammered into us in school have made adults blind to the presence of gnomes .
The man says that it does n't matter what the calculator was designed to do – he has evidence , from his many gnome hunting expeditions , that there is a correlation between wrong readings and reports of gnome activity .
And the man insists that he does account for other possibilities for the readings because he changes his batteries often and is very careful when putting in the numbers .
And anyway , the man can prove it .
He has photos .
You ask to see the photos of the gnomes .
The man presents you with a series of photographs from different locations .
Some of the photos look like smoke .
Some look like lens flares .
Some look like motion blurs .
Some look like bugs caught in the flash of the camera .
You point this out , and the man tells you that he is sure no one in the photos was ever smoking .
He knows how to photograph things because he has taken a photography course , so they are n't lens flares .
He would know what those looked like .
No one in the photos was in motion , and neither was the camera .
There were no bugs out that night because it was winter .
And anyway , that 's alright , he has audio too .
You ask to hear the audio , and the man pulls a voice recorder from his pocket .
He plays you an audio clip .
It is full of static .
You hear something that might be a voice , but you are n't really sure because the quality is kind of poor , and there is no context for the clip – it starts up right in the middle of what the man refers to as Gnome Voice Phenomenon , or GVP .
If you think about it , it does sort of sound like a voice in the same way that if you drag a chair across the floor it might sound similar to a human voice if it was played back through a voice recorder , which is designed to filter audio in search of patterns like human voices .
If you think about it , the sound could almost practically be saying “ Paul is dead , ” or “ Cranberry sauce , ” or “ Toaster pastry . ”
The man tells you it says “ I am Gnome . ”
You ask to hear the recording again , and he plays it back to you , this time with you listening specifically for a sound that is close to “ I am Gnome . ”
And , after he plays it again , you can sort of hear it that way .
You know , however , that humans search for patterns in noise , and that if someone tells you specifically what pattern to look for , you 'll be able to find it .
In fact , you have tested this phenomenon at home by recording the sound of a glass being scooted across the surface of a table and later telling your good friend that it was a secret special recording of Marilyn Monroe , and he could swear he heard part of the happy birthday song in it .
And even if it really is a voice , and even if it really is saying “ I am Gnome ” in some of the most garbled language you 've ever heard , you can't see anything .
Audio is only audio .
Even if the voice was perfectly clear , there could be a human being standing right next to the recorder saying it .
You point this out , and the man tells you there absolutely was not anyone doing any such thing .
In fact , he has a television show on the Sci-Fi Network on Wednesdays at 9/8 Central with the rest of his group , called GAPS ( Gnome Activity Pursuing Society ) .
You go home , glad to be rid of the man in the bookstore .
Luckily , it is Wednesday , so you sit down and turn on the Sci -Fi channel and watch the show .
The show contains everything you feared .
A group of individuals walking around , searching for gnomes with equipment that does n't actually prove anything about gnomes .
A series of anomalous calculator readings that do n't illustrate anything at all .
The group says that they are skeptical , but they sure as heck are n't called “ We Are Going To Go Figure Out Whether Or Not There Is Something Society . ”
They are GAPS .
They even have t- shirts .
At one point in the show , something passes in front of the camera .
It looks like it might be mist .
The GAPS team is very excited about this , as gnomes are known to appear in a mist - like form .
They run around for a few minutes , trying to capture more mist .
They also try to replicate the mist .
They can not replicate the mist .
It must be real Gnome - Mist .
Of course , you realize from your seat at home that this means nothing except that there is no more mist around , but GAPS disagrees .
They never actually call the location “ Gnomed , ” but many of the members argue about whether or not it is .
There is one , who you assume is always the hard - sell , who is very against using the word “ Gnomed ” at all .
He prefers the term “ anomalous activity . ”
Then he calls himself a skeptic , even though the logo on his web site contains , you guessed it , a gnome , and his show is called Gnome Hunters ( GH for short ) .
You still are n't really sure what the mist was , so you get online on your computer .
You discover two things :
GAPS has a giant fanbase .
There are groups out there that have replicated the mist you saw in the episode .
After all this , do you believe in gnomes ?
http://www.skepticalanalysis.com
http://www.the-atlantic-paranormal-society.com
THE issue of health care costs usually comes up for discussion right after the economy as costs for businesses and consumers continue to climb .
The Blue Cross Blue Shield Association insures 102 million Americans  one in three people  and has networks that include 90 percent of the nation ’s providers and 80 percent of its hospitals .
The association ’s board just adopted a four - point initiative aimed at containing health care costs and improving care .
The goals range from eradicating hospital infections to pushing for health care coverage for everyone .
From Chicago , Scott Serota , the association ’s president and chief executive , recently discussed the new goals :
Q . What was the impetus for adopting a new plan of action , and why now ?
A. Much of what is discussed in virtually all forums as health care reform is really health care financing reform .
We really have not gotten sufficient national attention on the real underlying issue , which is that the entire health care delivery system needs to be modified .
We , the Blues , feel we should try to drive toward a vision for the health care delivery system which we can move collectively forward with our partners .
Q . One of your goals is to cut the prevalence of diabetes in half .
Why did you select that ?
A . There are 57 million Americans today who are prediabetic .
The cost of treating it is $ 116 billion annually .
We treat it pretty well , but there are tangible things we can do in the areas of obesity , weight management , nutrition , fitness and health risk assessment to reduce the incidence of diabetes .
We can cut that 57 million number in half and make a dramatic impact not only in the delivery system costs but in people ’s lives .
Q. Your second point is more affordable health care .
How do you translate that sweeping goal into something concrete when costs are steadily mounting for both businesses and individuals ?
THE RIGHT , HEALTHCARE , AND POLITICAL SURVIVAL ….
Hilzoy had a great overnight item that I wanted to add one observation to .
U.S. News ’ James Pethokoukis and Cato ’s Michael Cannon believe that if Obama is successful in passing a national healthcare plan , Americans will not only like it , but will reward Democrats for having passed it .
As a result , Pethokoukis and Cannon conclude , conservatives need to block the reform effort , whether it ’s a good idea or not .
I ’d just add that a certain leading conservative sketched out the exact same position 15 years ago .
His name is Bill Kristol .
It ’s largely faded from memory , but I ’d argue one of the more important moments in the debate over the Clinton healthcare plan in the early 1990s came when Kristol distributed a memo to congressional Republicans in December 1993 .
Leading conservative operative William Kristol privately circulates a strategy document to Republicans in Congress .
Kristol writes that congressional Republicans should work to “ kill ” — not amend — the Clinton plan because it presents a real danger to the Republican future :
Its passage will give the Democrats a lock on the crucial middle - class vote and revive the reputation of the party .
Nearly a full year before Republicans will unite behind the “ Contract With America , ” Kristol has provided the rationale and the steel for them to achieve their aims of winning control of Congress and becoming America ’s majority party .
Killing health care will serve both ends .
The timing of the memo dovetails with a growing private consensus among Republicans that all - out opposition to the Clinton plan is in their best political interest .
( emphasis added )
Today , the circumstances are slightly different —
Democrats are in good shape and do n’t need their reputation “ revived ” — but with the Pethokoukis and Cannon analyses in mind , history may repeat itself .
Remember , for Kristol then and Pethokoukis / Cannon now , it ’s not about the quality of the policy — it ’s about political survival .
If Democrats deliver , they ’ll be positioned to win over a generation of voters .
Blocking ( or “ killing ” ) a reform effort may undermine the public ’s needs , but it would also block Democrats from winning a historic victory .
With that in mind , the right will likely aggressively resist healthcare reform because , as a matter of electoral strategy , conservatives probably do n’t have a choice .
The Top 20 Satirical Candidates Of All Time
# 1. Nobody For President
Why vote for Nobody ?
Because Nobody is the best candidate .
Nobody cares .
Nobody will keep election promises .
Nobody will listen to your concerns .
Nobody tells the truth .
Nobody will lower your taxes .
Nobody will defend your rights .
Nobody has all the answers .
Nobody has run for President of the United States in every election since 1964 , when journalist Arthur Hoppe first launched a campaign on his behalf .
In 1975 comedian Wavy Gravy and Curtis Spangler took up Nobody 's cause , hosting rallies for him across the country as the candidate of the Birthday Party .
Their campaign had a serious side , urging that Nobody ( or " None of the Above " ) should be included as an option on all ballots so that voters would n't be forced to choose between the lesser of two evils .
Their campaign continues at Why vote for Nobody ?
Because Nobody is the best candidate .
Nobody cares .
Nobody will keep election promises .
Nobody will listen to your concerns .
Nobody tells the truth .
Nobody will lower your taxes .
Nobody will defend your rights .
Nobody has all the answers .
Nobody has run for President of the United States in every election since 1964 , when journalist Arthur Hoppe first launched a campaign on his behalf .
In 1975 comedian Wavy Gravy and Curtis Spangler took up Nobody 's cause , hosting rallies for him across the country as the candidate of the Birthday Party .
Their campaign had a serious side , urging that Nobody ( or " None of the Above " ) should be included as an option on all ballots so that voters would n't be forced to choose between the lesser of two evils .
Their campaign continues at nobodyforpresident.org
# 2. Cacareco the Rhinoceros
The 1959 city council election in Sao Paulo , Brazil had a surprise winner : Cacareco , a five - year - old female rhinoceros at the local zoo .
Not only did she win , but she did so by a landslide , garnering 100,000 votes ( 15 % of the total ) .
This was one of the highest totals for a local candidate in Brazil 's history to that date .
Cacareco 's candidacy was traced back to a group of students who had printed up 200,000 ballots with her name on them , but the ballots were all legitimately cast by voters , one of whom commented : " Better to elect a rhino than an ass . "
Cacareco 's election caused an outpouring of concern among Brazil 's intellectual classes .
One sociologist described it as " a phenomenon of the greatest sociological importance " and worried that it indicated Brazil was on the threshold of revolt .
Others interpreted it as a protest against food shortages , the high cost of living , and political corruption .
In fact , many voters in the same election had expressed their disgust with local politics by placing black beans in the ballot envelope instead of a ballot .
The director of the zoo commented that he would ask Sao Paulo to pay Cacareco 's Councilman 's salary .
However , election officials nullified all her ballots and a new election was held the next week .
Cacareco died in 1962 , but her memory lived on in a number of ways .
" Voto Cacareco " became a widely used term signifying a protest vote .
She also inspired the formation of the Rhinoceros Party of Canada , whose members appointed the rhinoceros Cornelius the First as their leader .
Cacareco was n't the first animal elected to political office , not even in Brazil .
In 1954 a goat named Smelly had been elected to the city council in Jaboatao .
But due to the size of her victory , Cacareco remains the most famous animal candidate of all time .
The 1959 city council election in Sao Paulo , Brazil had a surprise winner : Cacareco , a five - year - old female rhinoceros at the local zoo .
Not only did she win , but she did so by a landslide , garnering 100,000 votes ( 15 % of the total ) .
This was one of the highest totals for a local candidate in Brazil 's history to that date .
Cacareco 's candidacy was traced back to a group of students who had printed up 200,000 ballots with her name on them , but the ballots were all legitimately cast by voters , one of whom commented : " Better to elect a rhino than an ass .
" Cacareco 's election caused an outpouring of concern among Brazil 's intellectual classes .
One sociologist described it as " a phenomenon of the greatest sociological importance " and worried that it indicated Brazil was on the threshold of revolt .
Others interpreted it as a protest against food shortages , the high cost of living , and political corruption .
In fact , many voters in the same election had expressed their disgust with local politics by placing black beans in the ballot envelope instead of a ballot .
The director of the zoo commented that he would ask Sao Paulo to pay Cacareco 's Councilman 's salary .
However , election officials nullified all her ballots and a new election was held the next week .
Cacareco died in 1962 , but her memory lived on in a number of ways .
" Voto Cacareco " became a widely used term signifying a protest vote .
She also inspired the formation of the Rhinoceros Party of Canada , whose members appointed the rhinoceros Cornelius the First as their leader .
Cacareco was n't the first animal elected to political office , not even in Brazil .
In 1954 a goat named Smelly had been elected to the city council in Jaboatao .
But due to the size of her victory , Cacareco remains the most famous animal candidate of all time .
# 3 . Pulvapies Foot Powder
In 1967 , in anticipation of municipal elections throughout Ecuador , the Pulvapies foot powder company launched an advertising campaign that featured the slogan : " Vote for any candidate , but if you want hygiene , vote for Pulvapies . "
Immediately before the election it also distributed thousands of leaflets which read : " For Mayor : Honorable Pulvapies " .
The leaflets were the same size and color as official voting papers .
Residents of the small coastal town of Picoaza ( pop. 4000 ) took the advice to heart .
A majority of them wrote " Honorable Pulvapies " on their ballots , making the foot powder their new mayor .
Many voters in other municipalities marked their ballots similarly .
Was the election of Pulvapies a protest vote , or an indication of poor literacy skills in the region ?
That was n't clear .
Nevertheless , it left the electoral tribunal with a dilemma :
What to do when a foot powder is legitimately elected ?
The losing candidates threatened to sue the foot powder company .
In 1967 , in anticipation of municipal elections throughout Ecuador , the Pulvapies foot powder company launched an advertising campaign that featured the slogan : " Vote for any candidate , but if you want hygiene , vote for Pulvapies . "
Immediately before the election it also distributed thousands of leaflets which read : " For Mayor : Honorable Pulvapies " .
The leaflets were the same size and color as official voting papers .
Residents of the small coastal town of Picoaza ( pop. 4000 ) took the advice to heart .
A majority of them wrote " Honorable Pulvapies " on their ballots , making the foot powder their new mayor .
Many voters in other municipalities marked their ballots similarly .
Was the election of Pulvapies a protest vote , or an indication of poor literacy skills in the region ?
That was n't clear .
Nevertheless , it left the electoral tribunal with a dilemma :
What to do when a foot powder is legitimately elected ?
The losing candidates threatened to sue the foot powder company .
# 4 . Screaming Lord Sutch Screaming Lord Sutch made his living as a musician ( lead singer of the Raving Savages ) , but it was his efforts to get himself elected to political office in Britain that made him famous .
He campaigned in over 40 elections and lost them all .
The most votes he ever received was 1,114 in the 1994 Rotherham by - election .
However , he did earn a place in the Guinness Book of Records as the parliamentary candidate who had stood more times than anyone else .
He first ran for a seat in parliament in 1963 , at the age of 22 , as the candidate of the " National Teenage Party " with the slogan " Vote for Sutch and gain much . "
In 1970 he switched his allegiance to the " Go To Blazes Party " before finally , in 1983 , founding the Official Monster Raving Loony Party .
He chose the Loch Ness Monster as its mascot .
As the candidate of the OMRLP party , his slogan was " Vote for insanity  you know it makes sense . "
He campaigned in a top hat and leopard - skin tail coat .
His proposals included bringing back the village idiot , putting joggers on treadmills to make them generate electricity , breeding fish in wine so they could be harvested ready - pickled , converting coal mines into bungee - jumping centers ( and making local politicians be the first to test them ) , and making all dogs eat phosphorescent food so that their poop could be seen at night .
Eventually British election officials started to raise the entry fee in the hope of preventing people such as Sutch from registering as candidates .
However , Sutch simply used the money he earned as a musician to pay the higher fees .
Incidentally , his name really was Lord Sutch .
He had legally changed his first name from David to Lord in 1968 .
After the death of Lord Sutch in 1999 , the OMRLP continued on , electing a ginger tomcat named Mandu and its owner as its joint leaders .
Links : Screaming Lord Sutch History Screaming Lord Sutch made his living as a musician ( lead singer of the Raving Savages ) , but it was his efforts to get himself elected to political office in Britain that made him famous .
He campaigned in over 40 elections and lost them all .
The most votes he ever received was 1,114 in the 1994 Rotherham by - election .
However , he did earn a place in the Guinness Book of Records as the parliamentary candidate who had stood more times than anyone else .
He first ran for a seat in parliament in 1963 , at the age of 22 , as the candidate of the " National Teenage Party " with the slogan " Vote for Sutch and gain much . "
In 1970 he switched his allegiance to the " Go To Blazes Party " before finally , in 1983 , founding the Official Monster Raving Loony Party .
He chose the Loch Ness Monster as its mascot .
As the candidate of the OMRLP party , his slogan was " Vote for insanity  you know it makes sense . "
He campaigned in a top hat and leopard - skin tail coat .
His proposals included bringing back the village idiot , putting joggers on treadmills to make them generate electricity , breeding fish in wine so they could be harvested ready - pickled , converting coal mines into bungee - jumping centers ( and making local politicians be the first to test them ) , and making all dogs eat phosphorescent food so that their poop could be seen at night .
Eventually British election officials started to raise the entry fee in the hope of preventing people such as Sutch from registering as candidates .
However , Sutch simply used the money he earned as a musician to pay the higher fees .
Incidentally , his nameLord Sutch .
He had legally changed his first name from David to Lord in 1968 .
After the death of Lord Sutch in 1999 , the OMRLP continued on , electing a ginger tomcat named Mandu and its owner as its joint leaders .
Links : The Official Monster Raving Loony Party
# 5. Ferdinand Lop Ferdinand
Lop was a writer , teacher , poet , street artist , and perennial candidate for the Presidency of the French Republic .
He campaigned for the office during the 1930s , '40s , and '50s .
The issues he advocated included eliminating poverty ( but only after 10 PM ) , extending the Boulevard St. Michel to the English Channel with a comfort station every 50 yards , nationalizing brothels , providing an annual allowance to the widow of the unknown soldier , and relocating Paris to the countryside so that its residents could enjoy fresher air .
He called this program of reform " Lopeotherapy . "
When he campaigned he was often flanked by his various Ministers : the Minister of Information , Propaganda and Cults , the Minister of Folklore and Sex , the Minister of Tobacco and Health , the Minister of the General Situation , the Minister of Justice , Sports and Leisure , and the Minister of the Fight against the Opposition .
His supporters ( principally Latin Quarter students ) called themselves Le Front Lopulaire and derisively referred to his opponents as " anti-Lopes " .
Even his opponents acknowledged his bravery during the German occupation when he spoke out against the Nazis and Vichy .
Once , when the Gestapo raided one of his meetings , he remarked , as he climbed out a back window to escape : " We do not retreat .
We advance backward for strategic purposes . "
When Lop died in 1974 , his obituary recalled that , in addition to being one of the Latin Quarter 's best known " characters , " he had also been arrested by British police in 1959 after saying he was going to marry Princess Margaret .
You can view a video of Lop at Ferdinand Lop was a writer , teacher , poet , street artist , and perennial candidate for the Presidency of the French Republic .
He campaigned for the office during the 1930s , '40s , and '50s .
The issues he advocated included eliminating poverty ( but only after 10 PM ) , extending the Boulevard St. Michel to the English Channel with a comfort station every 50 yards , nationalizing brothels , providing an annual allowance to the widow of the unknown soldier , and relocating Paris to the countryside so that its residents could enjoy fresher air .
He called this program of reform " Lopeotherapy .
" When he campaigned he was often flanked by his various Ministers : the Minister of Information , Propaganda and Cults , the Minister of Folklore and Sex , the Minister of Tobacco and Health , the Minister of the General Situation , the Minister of Justice , Sports and Leisure , and the Minister of the Fight against the Opposition .
His supporters ( principally Latin Quarter students ) called themselves Le Front Lopulaire and derisively referred to his opponents as " anti-Lopes " .
Even his opponents acknowledged his bravery during the German occupation when he spoke out against the Nazis and Vichy .
Once , when the Gestapo raided one of his meetings , he remarked , as he climbed out a back window to escape : " We do not retreat .
We advance backward for strategic purposes .
" When Lop died in 1974 , his obituary recalled that , in addition to being one of the Latin Quarter 's best known " characters , " he had also been arrested by British police in 1959 after saying he was going to marry Princess Margaret .
You can view a video of Lop at ina.fr
# 6 . Pat Paulsen
The comedian Pat Paulsen , a regular on the Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour , first announced he was running for President in 1968 as the candidate for the Straight Talking American Government ( STAG ) Party .
Throughout the campaign he repeatedly described himself as the " common ordinary simple savior of America 's destiny . "
Other campaign slogans he used included " We can not stand pat , " " We can be decisive , probably , " " United we sit , " and " If elected , I will win . "
He responded to all criticism with the phrase " Picky , picky , picky . "
Paulsen declared that " issues have no place in a presidential campaign . "
However , he did announce a position on a few issues .
For instance , on the issue of gun control he favored letting everyone have guns but locking up the bullets .
He campaigned throughout the United States , telling every community that he spoke in that it was his favorite " filled with real people -- not like those phonies in California . "
When he arrived in California , he declared it to be his real home " not full of phonies like those other places . "
In the election Paulsen received so many votes that Hubert Humphrey blamed him for siphoning off votes from the Democrats , allowing Nixon to win .
Paulsen ran five more times , in 1972 , 1980 , 1988 , 1992 , and 1996 .
In 1992 he finished second to George Bush in the North Dakota Republican Primary , and in 1996 he finished second to Bill Clinton in the New Hampshire Democratic Primary .
Links :
The comedian Pat Paulsen , a regular on the Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour , first announced he was running for President in 1968 as the candidate for the Straight Talking American Government ( STAG ) Party .
Throughout the campaign he repeatedly described himself as the " common ordinary simple savior of America 's destiny . "
Other campaign slogans he used included " We can not stand pat , " " We can be decisive , probably , " " United we sit , " and " If elected , I will win . "
He responded to all criticism with the phrase " Picky , picky , picky .
" Paulsen declared that " issues have no place in a presidential campaign . "
However , he did announce a position on a few issues .
For instance , on the issue of gun control he favored letting everyone have guns but locking up the bullets .
He campaigned throughout the United States , telling every community that he spoke in that it was his favorite " filled with real people -- not like those phonies in California . "
When he arrived in California , he declared it to be his real home " not full of phonies like those other places .
"
In the election Paulsen received so many votes that Hubert Humphrey blamed him for siphoning off votes from the Democrats , allowing Nixon to win .
Paulsen ran five more times , in 1972 , 1980 , 1988 , 1992 , and 1996 .
In 1992 he finished second to George Bush in the North Dakota Republican Primary , and in 1996 he finished second to Bill Clinton in the New Hampshire Democratic Primary .
Links : Pat Paulsen for President
# 7 . Vermin Supreme Vermin Supreme ( his legal name ) has been campaigning for political office since 1986 when he ran for Mayor of Baltimore .
During the 1992 New Hampshire primary he challenged Sen . Tom Harkin to a chainsaw duel in the Steel Cage of Death .
Harkin declined .
Since then he 's set his sights higher , campaigning to become mayor of the United States , emperor of the new millennium , and President of the United States ( because , as he notes , it 's the highest office on the ballot ) .
Vermin Supreme argues that " All politicians are , in fact , vermin .
I am the Vermin Supreme ; therefore I am the most qualified candidate . "
He often wears a rubber boot on his head ( " if the shoe fits , wear it " ) , a plastic eagle on his chest , and carries a giant toothbrush .
The toothbrush symbolizes his focus on dental hygiene , which he promotes because " Proper dental hygiene is essential to proper social order . "
He advocates , " government - issued toothpaste containing addictive yet harmless substances ; video surveillance through two - way bathroom mirrors , electronic tracking , moisture and motion sensor devices in all toothbrushes ... or even preventative dental maintenance detention facilities . "
Other positions he supports includes : " No flying monkeys in the streets of New York !
To do something about the weather !
Computer chip implants for all Americans !
The legalization of human meat !
Bigger family values !
To make crime against the law ! "
He was
Links : Vermin Supreme ( his legal name ) has been campaigning for political office since 1986 when he ran for Mayor of Baltimore .
During the 1992 New Hampshire primary he challenged Sen . Tom Harkin to a chainsaw duel in the Steel Cage of Death .
Harkin declined .
Since then he 's set his sights higher , campaigning to become mayor of the United States , emperor of the new millennium , and President of the United States ( because , as he notes , it 's the highest office on the ballot ) .
Vermin Supreme argues that " All politicians are , in fact , vermin .
I am the Vermin Supreme ; therefore I am the most qualified candidate .
" He often wears a rubber boot on his head ( " if the shoe fits , wear it " ) , a plastic eagle on his chest , and carries a giant toothbrush .
The toothbrush symbolizes his focus on dental hygiene , which he promotes because " Proper dental hygiene is essential to proper social order . "
He advocates , " government - issued toothpaste containing addictive yet harmless substances ; video surveillance through two - way bathroom mirrors , electronic tracking , moisture and motion sensor devices in all toothbrushes ... or even preventative dental maintenance detention facilities .
" Other positions he supports includes : " No flying monkeys in the streets of New York !
To do something about the weather !
Computer chip implants for all Americans !
The legalization of human meat !
Bigger family values !
To make crime against the law !
" He was featured in the 1996 PBS documentary " Why Ca n't I Be President ? " Links : VerminSupreme.com
# 8 . Stephen Colbert Comedian Stephen Colbert , host of The Colbert Report , announced in October 2007 that he was running for President .
Uniquely , he was going to seek both the Republican and Democratic nomination .
However , he would only run in his home state of South Carolina .
In explaining why he should run for President , Colbert said , " it 's clear that the voters are desperate for a white , male , middle - aged , Jesus - trumpeting alternative . "
He also announced his intention to " bring truthiness to the ' 08 race . "
However , Colbert was careful to distinguish between running for President and being President : " I do n't want to be president .
I want to run for president .
There 's a difference . "
Eventually he abandoned his plans to run as a Republican due to the $ 35,000 filing fee .
He paid the $ 2500 Democratic filing fee , but was excluded from the ballot due to the South Carolina Democratic Party 's decision that he was not a " serious candidate . "
Colbert subsequently ended his campaign .
However , during his brief campaign opinion polls had put him ahead of candidates such as Bill Richardson , Chris Dodd , and Dennis Kucinich .
Links : Comedian Stephen Colbert , host of , announced in October 2007 that he was running for President .
Uniquely , he was going to seek both the Republican and Democratic nomination .
However , he would only run in his home state of South Carolina .
In explaining why he should run for President , Colbert said , " it 's clear that the voters are desperate for a white , male , middle - aged , Jesus - trumpeting alternative . "
He also announced his intention to " bring truthiness to the ' 08 race . "
However , Colbert was careful to distinguish between running for President and being President : " I do n't want to be president .
I want to run for president .
There 's a difference .
" Eventually he abandoned his plans to run as a Republican due to the $ 35,000 filing fee .
He paid the $ 2500 Democratic filing fee , but was excluded from the ballot due to the South Carolina Democratic Party 's decision that he was not a " serious candidate . "
Colbert subsequently ended his campaign .
However , during his brief campaign opinion polls had put him ahead of candidates such as Bill Richardson , Chris Dodd , and Dennis Kucinich .
Links : Wikipedia
# 9 . John “ Hugo N. Frye ” Patric Between 1960 and 1980 John " Hugo N. Frye " Patric was a perennial candidate in the Washington State primaries .
He ran for every office available in order " to be a nuisance . "
He insisted on paying his filing fee entirely in loose change .
Although Patric filed the entry fee , he never did anything else to promote his candidacy , explaining that , " You ca n't lose a race you did n't run for .
Hell , I did n't even crawl .
I left that for the candidates with all the money to buy fancy posters and TV ads . "
Nor would he elaborate on what his policies might be should he be elected , insisting " That 's my business . "
He once explained that he kept on running for office ( and losing ) as " a public service in case someone wants to vote for me . "
Though he also noted , " I do n't want those responsibilities but I 'm making the offer to accept them .
If the people want me , I 'm here .
I hope they do n't . "
" Hugo N. Frye " ( i.e . You go and fry ) was not his actual middle name , though he almost always used that name when filing .
In 1962 he was arrested for using that name to file a petition .
He was found guilty of signing a petition with " other than his true name , " but his sentence was later suspended on the condition that he maintain " a certain minimum of decency and respect for others . "
Hugo N. Frye was also the name of a
Links : Between 1960 and 1980 John " Hugo N. Frye " Patric was a perennial candidate in the Washington State primaries .
He ran for every office available in order " to be a nuisance . "
He insisted on paying his filing fee entirely in loose change .
Although Patric filed the entry fee , he never did anything else to promote his candidacy , explaining that , " You ca n't lose a race you did n't run for .
Hell , I did n't even crawl .
I left that for the candidates with all the money to buy fancy posters and TV ads . "
Nor would he elaborate on what his policies might be should he be elected , insisting " That 's my business .
"
He once explained that he kept on running for office ( and losing ) as " a public service in case someone wants to vote for me . "
Though he also noted , " I do n't want those responsibilities but I 'm making the offer to accept them .
If the people want me , I 'm here .
I hope they do n't . " " Hugo N. Frye " ( i.e . You go and fry ) was not his actual middle name , though he almost always used that name when filing .
In 1962 he was arrested for using that name to file a petition .
He was found guilty of signing a petition with " other than his true name , " but his sentence was later suspended on the condition that he maintain " a certain minimum of decency and respect for others .
" Hugo N. Frye was also the name of a fictitious politician created by students at Cornell in 1930 .
Links : OlyBlog
# 10 . Pigasus the Immortal On August 23 , 1968 , at the Democratic National Convention in Chicago , the Yippies ( Youth International Party ) presented their candidate for the U.S. Presidency .
He was " Pigasus the Immortal , " a 160 - lb pig .
The Yippies argued , " They nominate a president and he eats the people .
We nominate a president and the people eat him . "
His platform was to be a pile of garbage -- " just like the platform of all the other parties . "
As befitting Pigasus ' status as a presidential candidate , the Yippies demanded he be given Secret Service protection and be brought to the White House for a foreign policy briefing .
The federal government never responded to these demands .
Pigasus arrived at the Civic center plaza in a beat - up old station wagon .
He stepped out onto the pavement , amidst cries of " Pork Power " and " Vote Pig " and promptly flopped on his belly .
But his political career proved to be brief .
Barely had his official introduction begun when the police arrived and loaded him into a police wagon , citing a law that banned bringing livestock into a city .
His Yippie handlers were also arrested and charged with disorderly conduct , conspiracy , and inciting a riot .
They became known as the
Pigasus was taken to the Anti-Cruelty society , given a bath , fed , and placed in an outside pen .
His subsequent fate is unknown .
Links : On August 23 , 1968 , at the Democratic National Convention in Chicago , the Yippies ( Youth International Party ) presented their candidate for the U.S. Presidency .
He was " Pigasus the Immortal , " a 160 - lb pig .
The Yippies argued , " They nominate a president and he eats the people .
We nominate a president and the people eat him . "
His platform was to be a pile of garbage -- " just like the platform of all the other parties .
" As befitting Pigasus ' status as a presidential candidate , the Yippies demanded he be given Secret Service protection and be brought to the White House for a foreign policy briefing .
The federal government never responded to these demands .
Pigasus arrived at the Civic center plaza in a beat - up old station wagon .
He stepped out onto the pavement , amidst cries of " Pork Power " and " Vote Pig " and promptly flopped on his belly .
But his political career proved to be brief .
Barely had his official introduction begun when the police arrived and loaded him into a police wagon , citing a law that banned bringing livestock into a city .
His Yippie handlers were also arrested and charged with disorderly conduct , conspiracy , and inciting a riot .
They became known as the Chicago Eight and were the defendants in a highly publicized trial .
Pigasus was taken to the Anti-Cruelty society , given a bath , fed , and placed in an outside pen .
His subsequent fate is unknown .
Links : porkopolis.org
Page 1 of 2 pages 1 2 >
All text Copyright © 2014 by Alex Boese , except where otherwise indicated .
All rights reserved .
