New Fibers Can See , Hear , Speak
New fibers created by scientists at MIT can see , hear and even talk .
July 14 , 2010  --
Clothing that can see , hear and even talk is being developed by scientists from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
By adding light - and sound - sensitive materials to synthetic fibers , the researchers are creating a new class of intelligent materials that could have a huge range of potential applications , from undetectable microphones to sophisticated medical sensors .
" Fibers are , for the most part , static , " said Yoel Fink , a scientist at MIT and a co-author of the Nature Materials paper that describes the research .
Cotton , polyester , wool and other materials look good and feel comfortable , but that 's about all they can do .
They are , in other words , dumb .
" We want to see how sophisticated a fiber can become to see how many different functions we can put into it , " said Fink .
The key to Fink 's fibers is a special manufacturing process that is remarkably similar to how saltwater taffy is made .
To create the sound - sensitive fibers the scientists first make a thick rod , or preform .
Inside that preform are thick layers of graphite electrodes , a plastic piezoelectric commonly found in microphones and light - sensitive materials .
The MIT scientists heat up the rod and stretch it into miles of nanometer - sized fibers with thin layers that , besides their size , are otherwise identical to the original preform .
Scientist Created Fiber That Can See
Here 's the trick :
Ordinarily , heating up these materials would cause them to mix , separating the layers and rendering the fibers useless .
Fink and his colleagues have created a unique way to stretch those fibers without destroying the underlying architecture .
It 's a simple tweak , but one that has enabled Fink to create an ever expanding class of fibers with new and unique abilities .
" He 's certainly gotten a lot of mileage out of it , " said Eli Yablonovitch , a scientist at the University of California , Berkeley , who reviewed the recent paper .
" Yoel is a very creative guy , and this research is in line with that creativity . "
Last year Fink and his colleagues used this technique to create fibers that can see .
By incorporating piezoelectric materials into the fibers , he has created a fiber that can hear and speak as well as see .
Future Fabrics Could Monitor Blood Flow , Image Organs
The new research details the addition of a piezoelectric material , which creates an electrical current in response to pressure .
When a sound wave hits
Fink 's new fiber , it bends and produces electricity .
By measuring the electrical current , the MIT scientists can listen to sound and pressure waves , ranging from loud , megahertz sized waves to inaudible ultrasonic waves .
Fink 's fibers can also work in reverse .
When an electrical current is pumped into the piezoelectric fibers they create a similar range of sound and pressure waves .
" Ultimately , we want each part to function together , " said Fink .
" It 's like moving from a circuit board to an integrated circuit , just in a fiber . "
The range of applications for such an integrated fibers is huge .
Some are obvious : hidden microphones embedded in clothes or shirts that can change into loudspeakers when necessary .
Other applications are more subtle .
The narrow fibers could be threaded through blood vessels to monitor blood flow .
They could image organs , like the lungs , that are otherwise difficult to see with ultrasound .
Right now the fibers require an external power source .
That could soon change , said Fink .
By tweaking the piezoelectric fibers to maximize power output when they are flexed , it could be possible to create a fabric that could power not only itself , but other electrical devices as well .
The U.S. Army has already tested the light - sensitive materials as a means of communications between soldiers , said Fink in an interview last year .
( Fink 's research is funded by DARPA at MIT 's Institute for Soldier Nanotechnologies . )
Niche markets like the military and medicine will most likely develop uses for the new fibers first , said Yablonovitch , followed by more civilian applications over the next 10 years .
" This is a trend that we will see more and more in the future : our clothes becoming very high - tech , " said Yablonovitch .
" But we also have to ask ourselves if all of our clothes need a plug . "
Image copyright Other
Many artists fear their creativity will dry up - and often it does .
But , says Professor Robert Winston , great composers have come through creative blocks to produce outstanding works .
At least one , though , was driven to suicide by vanishing inspiration .
Sergei Rachmaninoff hoped to revolutionise composition when writing his first symphony at the age of 24 .
But the omens were bad .
Image copyright bbc Creative block does not just afflict composers , writers , painters and poets ... innovative scientists experience drought as well Prof Robert Winston
Intruding during rehearsal , the much - respected elder statesman of Russian music , Nikolai Rimsky - Korsakov , said to the young composer : " Forgive me , but I do not find this music at all agreeable . "
The conductor was Alexander Glazunov , Rimsky - Korsakov 's friend , and he was n't up to scratch : " Slow by nature , maladroit and clumsy … manifestly displayed little ability either for conducting rehearsals or for swaying the orchestra during concert performances . "
Moreover the cuts that Glazunov imposed on the score made little sense .
He ignored Rachmaninoff 's protests , which became increasingly anxious .
And adding insult to injury , at the first performance in St Petersburg in 1897 , Glazunov - who was well known by conservatoire pupils to indulge himself - was drunk .
The result was a travesty and before the orchestra finished , Rachmaninoff rushed into the street in total despair .
Hypnotherapy treatment
At the mercy of very public , virulent criticism from composers he respected , Rachmaninoff seems to have suffered creative block for the next two years or so .
He became deeply depressed and largely stopped composing music , supporting himself by recitals and by conducting .
After that fateful concert he said : " I returned to Moscow a changed man .
My confidence in myself received a sudden blow .
Agonising hours spent in doubt and hard thinking had brought me to the conclusion that I ought to give up composing . "
Eventually , Rachmaninoff was persuaded to seek help from a fashionable hypnotherapist , Dr Nikolai Dahl .
Exactly what Dahl did is a mystery , but he was sympathetic to Rachmaninoff , being something of an amateur musician himself .
After various sessions , it seems the outcome of Dahl 's therapy was the Second Piano Concerto , one of the best - known concertos of all time .
Self - doubt haunts many creative minds , and many fine composers suffered greatly from feeling that their work was unworthy .
Found gassed
Franz Schubert had difficulty in writing when he became ill and depressed in 1822 , and he seems to have been most prolific when he was better appreciated and getting published at the end of his short life .
To see the enhanced content on this page , you need to have JavaScript enabled and Adobe Flash installed .
Beethoven often found it difficult to compose but had a particularly fallow period between 1813 to 1820 , writing just one string quartet ( Opus 95 ) , the Hammerklavier and two other piano sonatas , two cello sonatas and a song cycle .
Admittedly , several of these are great works , but his output during that troubled period was very sparse compared to what had preceded and what was to follow .
There may have been several reasons for his scant output - he was preoccupied with legal battles over his nephew Karl , he was frequently unwell and he was deeply miserable about his increasing deafness .
But perhaps he was also marshalling his thoughts for some very great works that were to come .
Writer 's block A periodic lack of inspiration that can descend on the most experienced of writers and that results in an almost pathological inability to put pen to paper
SOURCE : Brewer 's Dictionary of Modern Phrase and Fable
By the end of the 1920s , British composer Peter Warlock produced less and less music , supporting himself with journalism and music criticism .
He suffered severe depression , and although during this final period he wrote a few great songs and his well - known Capriol Suite , he felt increasingly that his muse had dried .
By 1930 , life was very dark .
He was found gassed in his Chelsea flat that December and it seems likely he committed suicide even though the coroner returned an open verdict .
Creative block does not just afflict composers .
Writers , painters , poets all frequently have prolonged periods when they are unable to produce good work .
And innovative scientists may experience drought as well .
Cheap Austrian wine
Frequently , the onset of depression announces a period when an artist cannot find inspiration .
Various studies show that suicide is more common amongst creative people .
Certainly , they are more likely to suffer frightening mood swings - being particularly creative when elated , but much less so when feelings of inadequacy or worthlessness set in .
FIND OUT MORE Episode one of Robert Winston 's Musical Analysis is on BBC Radio 4 on Tuesday 27 July at 1330 BST
This surely is why many creative people abuse drugs .
Coleridge , de Quincey and Berlioz all took opium for stimulation , and Byron , Shelley and Poe notoriously sought ideas using different drugs .
And Kary Mullis , the Nobel Prize winner for DNA analysis , admits he gained inspiration through using LSD .
Alcohol is widely abused by artists .
It was n't just Glazunov who needed alcohol - all four composers in this series of programmes resorted to drink at different times .
Schubert and Warlock were particularly heavy drinkers , but in Beethoven 's case his addiction to cheap Austrian wine caused the liver failure and cirrhosis that contributed to his death .
Can creative block be cured ?
I think not - I doubt the " medical " help Dr Dahl gave Rachmaninoff made a huge difference .
But perhaps he encouraged his sense of worth , his confidence and self - esteem .
Certainly , after that black depression he never reached such depths again - though so much of his music continues to conjure feelings of sadness as well as elation in its listeners .
Lord Winston is Weston Professor of Science and Society at Imperial College London
Union officials with the nation ’s largest labor group , the AFL - CIO , which represents about 11 million workers , say they plan to step up the pressure as the midterm 2010 election cycle approaches .
AFL - CIO leaders say they have begun a grassroots push for Democrats in battleground states that see the need for a major jobs program and support policies that help working families .
“ I think it is an absolute political reality [ that Democrats could lose the House ] , ” said AFL - CIO Political Director Karen Ackerman to the Huffington Post .
“ There are over 60 races that are in play , incumbents whose elections are endangered .
Are we demoralized ?
No .
Are we prepared to take a look at who are the best fighters on behalf of working people ’s issues and put the most support behind those folks and engage where we have the greatest union density ?
Yes .
And we can make a major difference in those races , ” she said .
Calling it a “ firewall ” election strategy for the 2010 , AFL - CIO leaders say they plan to prioritize congressional races that – sealed off from a broader wave of Republican wins – would prevent the House from being run by Speaker John Boehner , R - Ohio , in the next cycle .
“ The House is a serious issue , ” Ackerman notes .
“ Speaker Boehner would probably not work for us . ”
AFL - CIO organizers hit the ground last week in 25 states as part of a widespread campaign to inform voters about the labor records of congressional and gubernatorial candidates .
AFL - CIO President Richard Trumka in a recent statement said , “ If politicians are fighting for working families , then we will work our hearts out for them .
If they are n’t delivering and think they can take our support for granted , then they may be awfully lonely come November . ”
Trumka added , “ People are n’t interested in campaign slogans or promises ; they want results . ”
Labor plans to be fully engaged and began distributing more than 300,000 political fliers to members at 164 worksites in the 25 states .
They also initiated a two - week program to spark one - on - one conversations among members about labor - backed candidates .
The nationwide effort is operating in states like Iowa and Indiana in the Midwest ; New York and Pennsylvania out east ; and California and Washington on the West Coast .
It ’s no surprise that the vast majority of candidates receiving support this year will be Democrats .
Union leaders and members note the GOP has consistently blocked or voted against major issues such as last year ’s economic stimulus package and the health care reform bill .
Trumka said the AFL - CIO would not back members of Congress who voted against such measures .
“ If politicians want the support of working families in November , they need to create good jobs here in America now , ” he said .
Although some GOP candidates may be endorsed , AFL - CIO officials say they have to make the case with its members that even though expectations may not have been met with the Obama administration or with the majorities in Congress , the alternative will be much worse .
Most Republican candidates want to privatize or eliminate public - sector jobs as well as change pension plans , they charge .
And the union vote has to be consolidated , they note .
Ackerman says resources will determine how certain important races can be swayed or saved throughout the country .
“ It involves resources , in terms of doing more mail , more phones , more worksite leafleting , more door - to - door knocks , ” she said .
The push is also based on all of the 56 national and international AFL - CIO affiliates participating as well , she said .
Photo : Casie Yoder http://www.flickr.com/photos/labor2008/3002321345
From left : Melissa Aponte and Pat Reed , AFSCME Local 432 president , from Chicago with their driver Dave Parkinson of IUOE Local 139 in Milwaukee , before hitting the streets to Get Out The Vote for Barack Obama and other Wisconsin State AFL - CIO - endorsed candidates .
US Congress Approves More Funding for Plan Mexico
Afghan War Spending Bill Also Includes Another $ 175 Million For Mexican Drug War
By Fernando León and Erin Rosa
Special to The Narco News Bulletin
A measure passed by Congress to provide emergency funding for the war in Afghanistan is also being used by US lawmakers to pump an additional $ 175 million into Mexico to support the drug war this year .
On Tuesday , the House of Representatives passed a budgetary bill referred to as the 2010 supplemental appropriations act , which along with providing $ 60 billion to war efforts in Afghanistan also allocates more funds to “ international narcotics control and law enforcement ” in Mexico .
The money will be overseen by the State Department and go towards “ judicial reform , institution building , anti-corruption , and rule of law activities ” in Mexico until September 30 , 2012 , according to a text of the bill provided by the Library of Congress .
With the Senate having already passed the appropriations bill , the measure will now go to President Barack Obama for approval .
Generally , supplemental appropriations bills are used by lawmakers to add funds to the current budget of the United States for emergencies , war funding , or natural disasters .
But the recent measure is also being used to boost the State Department ’s Mérida Initiative ( Plan Mexico ) , a 2008 security pact in which the United States provides training and equipment to Mexican law enforcement and the armed forces to wage the drug war .
In addition to the $ 175 million , the department is currently requesting $ 450 million in taxpayer money this year to fund the Mérida Initiative .
This is n’t the first time US lawmakers have used supplemental appropriation bills to drive more money to the drug war in Mexico .
According to government records , in 2009 Congress gave $ 160 million to the State Department for the same reason as stated in the bill passed this week : to promote “ judicial reform , ” “ institution building , ” and “ anti-corruption ” activities .
In 2008 , the funds were $ 73.5 million , for the same reasons .
But not only has the initiative failed to stop corruption within Mexican law enforcement , it has also failed to provide any accountability on human rights , especially in relation to the armed forces in the country .
In fact , just this week it was revealed that there have been more human rights complaints filed against the military during Mexican head - of - state Felipe Calderón ’s administration than ever before .
And even with 4,035 complaints logged since 2006 , only 56 members of the military have ever been reprimanded since that time , by the government ’s own admission .
On top of that , the Government Accountability Office , the investigatory body for Congress , found in a report last week that State Department does n’t even have clear way in which to measure the success of Mérida Initiative in fighting drugs trafficking .
And in Mexico , ever since the initiative was implemented in 2008 more and more people continue to die as a result of the drug war .
However , even though Mexico has failed to comply with basic human rights provisions contained within the legislative language of the Mérida Initiative , the State Department continues to champion the program — all while an estimated 25,000 people have been killed from drug war violence since Calderón declared war against drug trafficking groups in 2007 .
Lea Ud. el Artículo en Español
Narco News is funded by your contributions to The Fund for Authentic Journalism .
Please make journalism like this possible by going to The Fund 's web site and making a contribution today .
- The Fund for Authentic Journalism
Just as we suspected , Microsoft confirmed today that there will be no third season for their Xbox 360 version of 1 Vs. 100 and that the game wo n't be returning .
Advertisement
" When we started on this journey , we knew we were creating an entirely new genre of entertainment that would be a continually evolving concept , " said Dave McCarthy , General Manager , Microsoft Game Studios .
" We 're very proud of the ‘ 1 vs 100 ' team and their accomplishments , and are excited to apply what we 've learned to future programming . "
Advertisement
During the beta season more than 114,000 people played the game on Xbox Live simultaneously .
According to Microsoft the 1 Vs. 100 team is now " focusing their skills and applying the technology used to develop " 1 vs 100 " to new projects that will be unveiled in the future . "
Let 's hope that Microsoft is more supportive of those projects then they apparently were of this one .
Update : Some thoughts from insiders about why the game was killed can be found here .
Also the team working on the game posted a farewell note over on the official 1 Vs 100 blog :
As you 've probably seen by now , we are no longer developing 1 vs. 100 for Xbox LIVE .
We 're sorry to have kept you waiting in suspense before having to deliver this kind of news .
We fully understand how some of you may be upset about the announcement .
We hope you understand that it was n't an easy decision to make and there was a great deal of deliberation .
Our team really enjoyed making 1 vs. 100 .
Working on it was unlike anything we 'd worked on before .
Seeing the passionate feedback and interaction from our players was always appreciated .
Even though we spent our days at work bringing the game to you , we still enjoyed playing alongside you .
Our colleagues on the writing team made us laugh , too .
We knew starting on this project , that 1 vs 100 was completely different and would be an idea we would continue to evolve .
We 've learned a lot from this experience and we 're committed to applying these lessons to the cool , new stuff we 're working on , but ca n't yet discuss .
But before we say farewell , some of our fond memories and discoveries from Season One and Two of 1vs100 : Chris Cashman is as powerful as he is mysterious
Felicia
Day really is that awesome
There can never be too many questions about ‘ Rent ' or soccer
You do n't have to be president to have your face on US currency
Chris Cashman is not a certified network technician
Advertisement
We think we can all agree that 1 vs 100 brought many players many fond experiences and memories .
It was truly one - of - a- kind , and none of it would 've been possible without a dedicated , passionate community fan base playing the game regularly and stepping up as awesome contestants .
It was always great to see the message board , Twitter and Facebook light up with supportive and encouraging messages when a " regular " was the One .
Being part of something that resulted in new friendships , loyalists like JAriel , the introduction of gaming to " non-gamers " and the humbling success of folks like mutantdog123 and A Patch of Blue was an intangible reward for the team that we 'll miss .
We hope to focus on the fun times playing 1 vs 100 as we look back on the two seasons and the enormous amount of time and effort that the development teams and the fans poured into the game .
For now we say goodnight to 1 vs 100 .
You were truly part of something new , exciting , and unprecedented , and we thank you for all of your support along the way .
Advertisement
Ezra Klein wants to know why the fight over unemployment benefits extension has n't gotten more attention :
This dispute has gotten quieter and quieter , even as its results have become more and more dire .
The vote last night means that 2 million Americans will lose their unemployment checks by July 12 .
But neither the New York Times nor The Washington Post are carrying it on their homepages above the fold .
SIX workers drowned after falling into a giant vat of sauce at a tomato sauce factory in India , the Indian Express reported .
The horrifying incident unfolded Wednesday evening when a female worker slipped and fell into the 6 m deep tank .
As five colleagues dived in to grab her they were all overcome by fumes given off from fermenting vegetables and drowned , the newspaper said .
Two more workers were in a hospital following the tragic incident at the Akansha Food Products unit in Lucknow , in the Uttar Pradesh region of northeastern India .
Investigators say the woman , named as Usha , was scooping up fermented vegetables from the vat when she slipped off her ladder and plunged into the raw material used to make the sauce .
“ When the woman fell in , the other workers jumped in to help her , ” said Rajiv Krishna , Lucknow 's Senior Superintendent of Police .
The factory owner was taken into custody , the Indian Express said .
Originally published as Six workers drown in vat of tomato sauce
If you have comments or pictures to include in this site , please contact me at teaorsoccer@gmail.com
" Tea Partier Or Soccer Fan ? :
As this single - serving site suggests , the two groups have more in common than the far right would want to admit " - Andrew Sullivan
Are these people tea party protesters or US soccer fans ?
This site asks you to determine whether a person presented in a picture is a teabagger or a soccer fan !
Scroll down to see if this person is a tea party protester or a soccer nut !
Verdict :
The guy on the right is Carlos Bocanegra , the captain of the US team .
I 'm not quite sure who the guy on the left is , but I 'm guessing he 's never been to a tea party .
Scroll down to see if this person is a tea party protester or a soccer nut !
Verdict : Teabagger
Scroll down to see if this person is a tea party protester or a soccer nut !
Verdict : Soccer fan
Scroll down to see if this person is a tea party protester or a soccer nut !
Verdict : Teabagger
Scroll down to see if this person is a tea party protester or a soccer nut !
Verdict : Teabagger
Scroll down to see if this person is a tea party protester or a soccer nut !
Verdict : Soccer fan
Scroll down to see if this person is a tea party protester or a soccer nut !
Verdict : Teabagger
Scroll down to see if this person is a tea party protester or a soccer nut !
Verdict : Soccer fan
Scroll down to see if this person is a tea party protester or a soccer nut !
Verdict : Teabagger
Scroll down to see if this person is a tea party protester or a soccer nut !
Verdict : Soccer fan
Scroll down to see if this person is a tea party protester or a soccer nut !
Verdict : Teabagger
Scroll down to see if this person is a tea party protester or a soccer nut !
Verdict : Soccer fan
Scroll down to see if this person is a tea party protester or a soccer nut !
Verdict : Teabagger
Scroll down to see if this person is a tea party protester or a soccer nut !
Verdict : Soccer fan
Scroll down to see if this person is a tea party protester or a soccer nut !
Verdict : Tea bagger
Scroll down to see if this person is a tea party protester or a soccer nut !
Verdict : Soccer fan ( you 'll have to trust me on this one )
Scroll down to see if this person is a tea party protester or a soccer nut !
Verdict : Soccer fan
Scroll down to see if this person is a tea party protester or a soccer nut !
Verdict : Teabagger
Scroll down to see if this person is a tea party protester or a soccer nut !
Verdict : Soccer fan
Scroll down to see if this person is a tea party protester or a soccer nut !
Verdict : Soccer fan
Scroll down to see if this person is a tea party protester or a soccer nut !
6:40 pm Jul 28th 10
That 's right folks , it 's that time again where we announce the next Gaming Center to join the avalanche known as the StarCraft II CG - Live Ladder .
Cydus has been secured as the venue for Melbourne CBD and with their contribution the prize pot has been lifted to new heights of an unbelievable $ 8'000 .
$ 8'000 . [ RIGHT ] In Australia . [/ RIGHT ]
for StarCraft II
$ 1950
$
850
500
200
Melbourne
1st ranked in Melbourne $ 150
2nd ranked in Melbourne $ 100
3rd ranked in Melbourne $ 100
4th ranked in Melbourne $ 100
5th - 10th ranked in Melbourne $ 50
A quick and dirty survey of the smoke - free landscape produced only three cigarette machines  one in Manhattan and two in Queens  that date back to the technology of the century past , with the levers that are pulled to bring forth a pack of cigarettes .
Are there perhaps more than three ?
It is hard to say without inspecting every single bar .
But if so , the New York City Department of Finance , which requires licenses for cigarette machines , does not know about them .
Image John McAleese , the owner of J. Mac’s on West 57th Street , two ( uphill ) blocks from the nearest deli .
“ If my customers leave at night for cigarettes , ” he said , “ they never come back . ”
Credit ... Suzanne DeChillo / The New York Times
For the old machines still in use , life has gone on without pause or fanfare since the ban .
There is one in J. Mac’s , an old bar in the old Hell ’s Kitchen named for its 68 - year - old Irish owner , an old man in this racket , John McAleese .
“ You ca n’t buy cigarettes around here , ” he said from the bar , which is near the Hudson River , almost two blocks  all uphill  from the nearest deli on 10th Avenue .
“ If my customers leave at night for cigarettes , they never come back . ”
His machine sold all the popular brands  Marlboros , Newports , Parliaments  for $ 9 a pack , lower than the price at most bodegas , until the Legislature raised the cigarette tax last month .
Now the cost is $ 11 .
The machine sits in a corner of the tiny bar , under a stack of phone books and an odd statue of a Chinese warrior clutching an American flag .
The machine is practically part of the bar ; it is hard to tell where its back panel ends and the wall begins .
A vendor maintains the machine .
“ I ’ve been trying to get him to replace some parts on it , ” Mr. McAleese griped .
“ There ’s a plate on the top that ’s missing , and a crack in the glass where it says ‘ Cigarettes . ’
The repairman did that . ”
The Irish government looks set to sell off many state assets to relieve the budget crisis and pay down the $ 115 billion national debt .
Airports , railroads , ports , the national television service , RTE and the Electricity Supply Board ( ESB ) are all among the assets that may well be on the block .
The Minister for Finance Brian Lenihan announced on Thursday that he has appointed economist Colm McCarthy , who led the body that advised on € 5 billion in public service cuts last year , to chair a new group called the Review Group on State Assets companies .
The Department of Finance issued a partial list of government owned bodies that may be sold off such as ESB , Bord Gáis , RTÉ , Iarnród Éireann , Dublin , Cork and Shannon airports , ( all owned by Dublin Airport Authority ) 10 port companies and Bord na Móna the peat turf board ..
Lenihan stated its initial focus would be commercial State companies but that the new board will also look at other assets , such as the radio spectrum , used to carry mobile phone and TV signals , and mining and exploration licenses .
The group will issue its report at the end of the year .
About 10,000 people are employed in the various state bodies that are on the list .
Mats of green algae have covered miles of coastline in China , creating foul odors and possibly choking life underneath the waves .
Jews , Christians , and other Monsters
Slavoj Zizek
The Jewish commandment which prohibits images of God is the obverse of the statement that relating to one 's neighbor is the only terrain of religious practice , of where the divine dimension is present in our lives  " no images of God " does not point towards a gnostic experience of the divine beyond our reality , a divine which is beyond any image ; on the contrary , it designates a kind of ethical hic Rhodus , hic salta : you want to be religious ?
OK , prove it here , in the " works of love , " in the way you relate to your neighbors ...
Levinas was therefore right to emphasize how " nothing is more opposed to a relation with the face than  contact ' with the Irrational and mystery . " *
Judaism is anti-gnosticism par excellence .
We have here a nice case of the Hegelian reversal of reflexive determination into determinate reflection : instead of saying " God is love , " we should say " love is divine " ( and , of course , the point is not to conceive of this reversal as the standard humanist platitude .
It is for this precise reason that Christianity , far from standing for a regression towards an image of God , only draws the consequence of the Jewish iconoclasm through asserting the identity of God and man  or , as it is said in John 4:12 : " No man has ever seen God ; if we love one another , God abides in us and his love is perfected in us . "
The radical conclusion to be drawn from this is that one should renounce the very striving for one 's own ( spiritual ) salvation as the highest form of egotism  according to Leon Brunschvicg , therein resides the most elementary ethical lesson of the West against the Eastern spirituality :
The preoccupation with our salvation is a remnant of self - love , a trace of natural egocentrism from which we must be torn by the religious life .
As long as you think only salvation , you turn your back on God .
God is God , only for the person who overcomes the temptation to degrade Him and use Him for his own ends .
( DF , 48 )
So what about the Buddhist figure of bodhisattva who , out of love for the non -yet - enlightened suffering humanity , postpones his own salvation to help others on the way towards it ?
Does bodhisattva not stand for the highest contradiction : is not the implication of his gesture that love is higher than salvation ?
So why still call salvation salvation ?
[...]
1. Levinas , Emmanuel , Difficult Freedom : Essays on Judaism , Baltimore :
Johns Hopkins University Press 1997 , p. 9 .
Art : Noritoshi Hirakawa , Un Café , c-print , 2001
courtesy of the artist .
Excerpt from the actual article - in the printed edition .
For information about subscribing to Lacanian Ink
click here .
If you do not wish to subscribe but would like information about buying the issue containing this article
click here .
Microsoft Surface Pro ( 2017 ) deals 207 Amazon customer reviews ☆ ☆ ☆ ☆ ☆ Microsoft Surface Pro 256GB /... Amazon Prime £ 949.99 View
We reviewed the Surface Pro 4 and liked it a lot .
Well , that was then .
And a different reviewer .
I 'm going to get this out of the way now , because it underpins the rest of the review : Surface Pro is a fascinating stab at a hybrid of laptop and tablet .
Read more : Microsoft Surface
Go review : a new iPad Pro and Galaxy Tab S4 killer ?
Having used it for several days , I 'm at a loss as to why most people would buy it over a proper laptop or a high - end iOS or Android tablet .
Microsoft Surface Pro : design
One grouping I would recommend this year 's Pro to , pretty much unreservedly , is visual creatives .
Artists and designers should love the beautiful screen , Surface Pen and Surface Dial compatibility and the ability to angle it like a sketch pad .
The Pro's own design is a bit of a mixed bag , though .
There are some fantastic elements but also some quite fundamental flaws .
The main problem is that it is a Windows 10 tablet , and Windows 10 remains a less than perfect tablet OS .
For all Microsoft 's sterling efforts , in most apps it remains a desktop OS that 's had a touch skin applied to it .
Actually , that 's only the second biggest problem for the Surface Pro as a tablet .
The premier issue is that it 's too heavy to easily use in the way you 'd use an iPad or Android tablet .
I 'm not trying to imply it 's too heavy to lift , and yes , it 's a hugely powerful device , with a screen that 's 12.3 inches across .
But it weighs in at at least 768g for a model powered by an Intel m3 , up to 784g with an i7 .
The iPad Pro 12.9 - inch is under 700 grams .
Add the Surface Type keyboard ( for £ 125 rrp ) and the weight is 1.1Kg , which is somewhat more than most flagship , slimline laptops these days .
Now , I 've read plenty of other reviews of the Surface and they all say the keyboard is really good , considering it 's incredibly slim and essentially made of a kind of plasticky fabric .
However , I have another take on this , which is that as a keyboard , per se , it is really pretty poor .
Yes , it 's a fantastic achievement when you consider its dimensions and what it 's made of .
But Microsoft has got so bogged down in making the best possible super - slim , magnetically - attaching , plasticky fabric keyboard that it 's missed the obvious point : it 'd just be better off using a metal keyboard .
Once you get past these flaws , the Surface Pro is a beautifully designed thing .
The way the ( slightly iffy ) keyboard attaches to the ( too heavy ) tablet screen is quite brilliant , and as an exercise in trying to pretend that a full - powered laptop is really a tablet , the Surface Pro is as good as it gets .
The screen to bezel size ratio is perfectly judged , the kickstand is superb , allowing a viewing angle from a near - upright , 85 degrees or so , all the way down to a sketch - friendly , just - off - the - table .
The styling and materials used are also very pleasing , very premium in feel .
For all my reservations about Surface Pro , I think Microsoft has pulled off some kind of miracle in outdoing Apple when it comes to aesthetics and features aimed very squarely at the creative community .
Who could have foreseen that , five years ago , when the brand was run by Steve Ballmer , a man with all the aesthetic judgement of Theresa May ?
As a writer member of said creative community , I will happily say that I would really rather not use Microsoft 's keyboard .
However , as it has included not only Bluetooth 4 but also a proper USB port , I could use it with any keyboard I please .
Microsoft Surface Pro : Windows Pro
For a reason I cannot fathom , the Surface Laptop comes , by default with Windows 10 S. The Surface Pro runs full Windows 10 Pro so , yes , I have actually written this review on it ; something that was , for technical reasons , impossible on Windows 10 S .
Nearly all Windows accessories and all its bazillions of apps are available to you , via the official App Store and desktop downloads , and that is fantastic .
You can run Steam , and I managed to get Left 4 Dead 2 running pretty happily on it .
Try that on an iPad .
Microsoft Surface Pro : spec
Here are the statters that matter .
There is enough power on offer at the top end for most things short of more recent games and pro , long - form video editing .
The model used to write this is a top - of - the - line i7 with 16GB of RAM and it flies through everything I 've attempted so far , including 4 K mobile clips and playing , er , Left for Dead 2 .
Operating System Windows 10 Pro with Microsoft Office 30 - day trial
Size 292 mm x 201 mm x 8.5mm
Processors Choice of Intel Core m3 7Y30 with HD Graphics 615 , Core i5 7300U with HD Graphics 620 or Core i7 7660U with Iris Plus Graphics 640
Screen : 12.3 - inch PixelSense , 2736 x 1824 , 267 ppi , aspect ratio : 3:2 , 10 - point multi-touch
Memory choice of 4GB , 8GB , 16GB RAM 1866 Mhz LPDDR3
Storage 128/256/512GB SSD or 1TB PCIe NVMe
Connectivity AC Wi -Fi , Bluetooth 4.1 , full - size USB 3.0 , Mini DisplayPort Cover , microSDXC card reader , Surface Connect charging and docking , 3.5 mm audio
Battery Up to 13.5 hours
Cameras Windows
Hello face sign - in camera , 5.0 MP/1080 p front - facing and 8.0 MP/1080 p rear - facing autofocus camera .
Dual microphones , stereo speakers with Dolby Audio Premium
Sensors Ambient light sensor , accelerometer , gyroscope
Microsoft Surface Pro : other fun stuff
As on previous models , there is support for the excellent Surface Pen ( £ 59 ) .
This is ' soon ' ( date TBC ) to be joined by a higher - spec Pen at £ 99 , which will offer near zero latency and four times the pressure sensitivity .
The existing Pen , in conjunction with Microsoft 's Ink suite , is excellent .
There 's no 4G connectivity at launch but this will apparently be added later in the year .
The m3 and i5 models are now fanless and are said to be near silent as a result .
I 've been using the i7 and though it does still employ a fan , it is very , very quiet .
Microsoft Surface Pro : pricing
You will need to add the price of the keyboard ( £ 125 for standard , £ 150 for one coated in Microsoft 's favoured Alcantara fabric ) to these , and probably a further £ 59 for the Surface Pen .
Surface Pro 128 GB m3 4GB £ 799
Surface Pro 128 GB i5 4GB £ 979
Surface Pro 256GB i5 8 GB £ 1,249
Surface Pro 256GB i7 8 GB £ 1,549
Surface Pro 512GB i7 16GB £ 2,149
Surface Pro 1TB i7 16GB £ 2,699
This is where it all breaks down for me , as a non artist / designer .
Pricing is exactly in line with the Surface Laptop which , obviously , comes with a keyboard built in .
Microsoft Surface Pro : verdict
To me , the Surface Pro seems like a proof of concept .
Can a very powerful Windows laptop be turned into a tablet ?
Turns out it can .
Now , it 's all very well me saying , ' I can't see the point of this for most people , why would n't you just buy a proper laptop or a proper tablet ? '
However , given this is version 5 of the Surface Pro , and sales to date have been measured in the low billions of dollars , clearly there are people who love these things .
If that includes you , I doubt you could fail to be impressed by this extremely powerful , handsome new iteration .
Personally , I would always recommend the Surface Laptop ( once you 've used your free upgrade to Windows Pro ) over this , to 95 % of potential buyers .
When I was growing up in South Texas we had this neighbor who would , on Saturday afternoons , make her tortillas for the week .
Believe me , I made friends with her children so I could make myself available for tortilla day .
I think she enjoyed my enthusiasm and always had a few extra tortillas for me to take home .
They were sublime !
My family would fight over them , and no matter how many she sent home with me they were always gone before dinner .
My mom asked for the recipe , yet no matter how my mother pleaded , or bartered with her own secret recipes , she refused to give up her recipe .
Eventually we moved to North Texas and that ended my weekly tortilla gorge .
It seemed I was destined to eat rubbery store - bought substitutes for the rest of my life .
I survived on them until a few years ago when I was reminded , quite by accident at a local Tex - Mex place , of our neighbor and her delicious tortillas .
I watched as the woman behind the counter rolled and cooked beautiful tortillas and I thought , why could n't I do that too ?
I had quite a bit of culinary know - how , and I had the internet which would surely hold the key to delicious tortillas , right ?
You would be surprised !
I tested a number of recipes for tortillas with all manner of ingredients .
Some had vegetable oil , others butter , and some had vegetable shortening .
They used a variety of flours from regular all - purpose to bread flour to even cake flour .
Some used milk , others water .
None of them turned out the way I wanted .
I discovered pretty early that all - purpose was the flour to use .
It developed a moderate amount of gluten so the tortillas were chewy but not tough .
The liquid I had the most success with was milk .
Water works fine , but the cooked tortillas are not as soft as when you use milk .
As for fat , that was more tricky .
Butter burned too easily and the vegetable oil gave the tortillas an odd texture .
Vegetable shortening left the tortillas with an almost fishy smell , which happens when the shortening gets too hot .
I despaired that I would never find what I was looking for when , while looking at the shortening shelf at the grocery store , I remembered one thing from the Saturday 's at my neighbors .
Manteca !!
That is lard to be specific .
So , with my tub of lard in hand , I went back to the kitchen and tried one of the more successful recipes with the lard and ... EUREKA !
I had it .
Now , this is the point where I am supposed to be sorry that I like lard , that I know it is supposed to be evil , and gross , and made from animals .
I 'm not .
No , I am PROUD to say I cook with lard .
Using lard I can make tortillas that make people beg .
Some have offered me cash to make them a batch .
I 'm not kidding .
Lard adds a depth of flavor with out any funky aftertaste .
It has a high smoke point so it does not scorch , and it lasts for a really long time in the pantry .
It is also versatile .
I use it combined with butter in my pie crusts .
But that is an entry for another day .
Flour Tortillas Makes 12
2 cups all - purpose flour
1/4 cup lard , or vegetable shortening
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
3/4 cup warm milk , or water
Combine the dry ingredients in a bowl .
Transfer to the bowl of a stand mixer .
Add the lard and mix until it is well combined and the mixture looks grainy .
Add the warm milk and mix until a smooth ball of dough forms , about 5 minutes .
Divide the dough into 12 equal pieces and roll the pieces into balls .
Cover and let rest 30 minutes .
Once rested , roll the balls of dough into 6 ″ to 7 ″ tortillas .
Cook on a griddle , or in a heavy pan , over medium heat until golden brown and puffy .
Transfer to a plate and cover with a towel while the rest cook .
Enjoy !
Or , allow them to cool and store them in a plastic bag in the fridge .
They last for five days ... if you can keep from eating them hot off the griddle .
Posted on www.evilshenanigans.com - 2/18/2009
A husband and wife who stole more than $ 255,000 from the Harris County District Attorney 's Office restitution fund will spend 10 years on probation with a litany of conditions , a judge ruled Thursday .
State District Judge Kevin Fine decided Eloise Mireles , a former 16 - year employee of the victims ' rights division of the office , and Daniel Mireles will both spend at least six months behind bars , one month a year for six years .
Both were taken into custody while their 19 - year - old daughter and family and friends cried in the courtroom immediately after the sentence was read .
Eloise Mireles also will spend the next six months in prison as a condition .
Both pleaded guilty to theft charges in April .
Fine gave the couple two months to scrape together savings to make restitution as a show of good faith .
They raised almost $ 95,000 .
However , that money may not have been paid back if the two had been sentenced to prison .
Daniel Mireles testified during a heated cross-examination that he would direct his attorney to give the money to his children , rather than pay back the victims if he did not get probation .
Fine ordered the pair to pay back the full $ 255,000 and gave them 10 years to do it .
He also demanded they turn over the $ 95,000 they already had raised .
In her capacity as an administrative assistant beginning in 2001 , Eloise Mireles stole money orders and cashiers checks from restitution funds paid by other convicted criminals .
Daniel Mireles deposited the checks .
She testified this week that she saw a weakness in the accounting system and exploited it , rather than fixing it .
Must wear signs
Eloise Mireles initially was arrested and charged with stealing $ 1,000 last August .
Charges were upgraded in December after prosecutors discovered she stole more than 400 money orders and cashier 's checks submitted to the department between November 2002 and June 2009 by criminals ordered to pay victims .
Fine ordered that both must wear signs for five hours every weekend , him on Saturdays and her on Sundays , at the corner of Post Oak and Westheimer reading , " I am a thief .
I stole $ 255,000 from a crime victim 's fund . "
They also must display a sign in front of their home reading , " The occupants of this residence are convicted thieves .
They stole $ 250,000 from the Harris County Crime Victim 's fund .
Signed , Judge Kevin Fine . "
They also must complete 400 hours of community service .
She must pick up trash and he may pick up trash , clean graffiti or wire homes for Habitat for Humanity .
Daniel Mireles had been employed as a cable television technician .
Went on trips
Lee Cox , a special prosecutor appointed to the case , said he was satisfied with the punishment , although he asked for prison time for both .
Rudy Vasquez , an attorney for Daniel Mireles , said the 38 - year - old man would much rather admit every day that he was wrong than go to prison .
Juan Aguirre , Eloise Mireles ' attorney , declined comment .
Testimony showed that the two spent the money on trips , concert tickets and tickets to Houston Texans and Rockets games .
Mireles , 37 , admitted to theft by a public servant of more than $ 200,000 , a first - degree felony .
Daniel Mireles , 38 , pleaded guilty to second - degree felony theft , with a sentencing range from probation to 20 years in prison .
Fine had the full range of sentencing options , from probation to life in prison , for Eloise Mireles .
brian.rogers@chron.com
It 's long been clear that the Republican Party 's strategy since Barack Obama became president was to obstruct and attack , no matter what the issue , no matter what the reality .
But this video goes beyond any level of mendacity we 've seen over the past 18 months .
Here 's Republican National Committee Chairman Michael Steele , on President Obama and the war in Afghanistan :
" Keep in mind again , federal candidates , this was a war of Obama 's choosing .
This is not something the United States had actively prosecuted or wanted to engage in . " ...
" It was the president who was trying to be cute by half by flipping a script demonizing Iraq , while saying the battle really should be in Afghanistan .
Well , if he 's such a student of history , has he not understood that you know that 's the one thing you do n't do , is engage in a land war in Afghanistan ?
All right , because everyone who has tried , over a thousand years of history , has failed .
And there are reasons for that .
There are other ways to engage in Afghanistan . "
Truly stunning .
But leaving aside Steele 's utterly blatant lies , having the head of the Republican Party say that the war in Afghanistan is a failure and that it should never have been fought in the first place is undoubtedly news to the rest of his party .
What the family and friends of those who died or those who are still fighting there today think is , of course , another story .
Abstract of a new paper ( with colleagues in New Zealand , Germany , and Oxford ) on the evolution of post - marital residence practices in several large language families .
Where a newly - married couple lives , termed post - marital residence , varies cross-culturally and changes over time .
While many factors have been proposed as drivers of this change , among them general features of human societies like warfare , migration and gendered division of subsistence labour , little is known about whether changes in residence patterns exhibit global regularities .
Here , we study ethnographic observations of post - marital residence in societies from five large language families ( Austronesian , Bantu , Indo- European , Pama - Nyungan and Uto - Aztecan ) , encompassing 371 ethnolinguistic groups ranging widely in local ecologies and lifeways , and covering over half the world ’s population and geographical area .
We apply Bayesian comparative methods to test the hypothesis that post - marital residence patterns have evolved in similar ways across different geographical regions .
By reconstructing past post - marital residence states , we compare transition rates and models of evolution across groups , while integrating the historical descent relationships of human societies .
We find that each language family possesses its own best fitting model , demonstrating that the mode and pace of post - marital residence evolution is lineage - specific rather than global .
Laurent Koscielny ’s technical style and ability to mix his game up should perfectly complement Arsenal ’s style .
_______________________________________________________________________________
When questioned on how the centre - back may develop in the future , Thomas Vermaelen was unsurprisingly diplomatic on the subject , especially after having such a barnstorming debut season for Arsenal displaying the virtues of both extremes of the modern defender .
“ Will defenders become more technical ? ” mulled Vermaelen .
“ Well that depends on how you play – you ’ll always have defenders who are and others who are n’t .
If a boss wants a player who just defends , he chooses someone who is big and strong , and not good with his feet .
It ’s his choice . ”
Indeed , it was his boss ’ choice and tellingly Arsene Wenger plumped for another technical defender in Laurent Koscielny to add to Johan Djourou at the club already .
It ’s still not clear which one – or indeed whether another new defender at the club – will partner Vermaelen nevertheless it does represent the most forward - thinking of backlines Wenger has ever had at his disposal .
A double ball - playing centre - back pairing may seem slightly quixotic seeing as the Gunners have experienced the joys of having someone with the pragmatism of Sol Campbell or Philippe Senderos but Wenger is adamant that the technical and fitness level of the game will continue to improve , and that makes it difficult for a team of Arsenal ’s style to effectively deploy such players .
It ’s best to have the best of both worlds and that ’s why he is particularly delighted to hire the services of Koscielny from French side Lorient .
“ We identified Koscielny as a very , very strong centre - half , ” Wenger told Arsenal.com .
“ He can be an outstanding addition to our team .
Koscielny is a central defender with great ability who performed extremely well last season for Lorient .
We identified him as a very strong centre - half , who has made big progress very quickly .
He has shown he is mentally strong , he ’s a fighter and a very strong competitor .
Koscielny is a great addition to our squad . ”
The rise of Laurent Koscielny is quite remarkable as he was only playing in the second division of French football the season before but impressive performances at the heart of the Tours defence belied his presence in the league .
He was quickly snapped up by Lorient convinced they had just discovered a potential bargain so when Arsenal came up with a £ 8.5 m rising to £ 10 m offer this summer , the club was obliged to bite their metaphoric hand off .
Journalist Tom Williams of Agence France - Presse ( AFP ) , feels in Koscielny , Arsenal have a central defender who will very much suit the style of the club .
“ Koscielny started his career as a full - back at Guingamp and he ’s a very athletic player , ” Williams told The Arsenal Column .
“ Physically , he ’s of average height [ 6 ′ 1 ” ] but he ’s slender for a centre - back and , like most central defenders , he ’s quick rather than genuinely rapid .
He looks a bit fresh - faced but he ’s very sound technically and good on the ball too .
“ He anticipates the game well and is a full - blooded tackler .
In theory he should dovetail well with Thomas Vermaelen , who is a more rounded player and more comfortable carrying the ball forward .
He ’s likely to pose a similar threat from set - pieces too .
The only real area of concern is Koscielny ’s lack of experience , and the attendant rashness that comes with it .
Lorient only signed him from
Tours last summer where he was named in Ligue 2 ’s Team of the Season in 2008 - 09 but last season was his first , and to date , only season in a top - flight championship . ”
Like Williams and Arsenal , those who have seen Koscielny regularly in Ligue 1 have much to be impressed by .
His thin , wiry frame harks back to the days where defenders did n’t have to be brutes and also signals an elegance about him although Koscielny does admit that “ physical strength ” is his main weakness .
The statistics are favourable to him too as last season he made more interceptions ( 159 ) and more clearances ( 328 ) than any other player in Ligue 1 although conversely his club side , Lorient , allowed the most shots against them in the championship .
Arsenal , however , have seen Koscielny enough to recognise just how much talent he has and the adverse stats more likely represents his relative freshness and the weak cover in front of him .
In terms of scouting , Koscielny ’s situation echoes that of Bakary Sagna where the club accumulated most of their watching the season before signing him after the defender almost coming from nowhere to gain prominence .
“ I saw Bakary Sagna on more than 30 occasions , ” said French scout Gilles Grimandi on Arsenal ’s right full - back .
“ I checked him once , then ten times , then 20 times before finally deciding he was the one we needed . ”
Laurent Koscielny will have to do battle with Johan Djourou and the next defensive signing to see who partners Thomas Vermaelen at the heart of defence although both players do have cases for and against .
Djourou may be slightly ahead due to his familiarity with the English game and that Koscielny is still in need with a bit of gym work but the Swiss has also come back from a long injury lay - off .
He has , however , shown before that the vast amount of value he can bring to the side as two seasons ago he put in strong performances at the back , starting with a 2 - 1 win against Chelsea before leading a young Arsenal side to a very respectable 4 - 0 victory over Wigan .
In that game , he showed just how important defence is to Arsenal ’s attack , as his surge helped create the third goal .
His subsequent absence in the next round saw the young gun ’s fluency drop severly as they stooped to a defeat to Burnley .
Wenger had assured Djourou , before he had broken down last season , that he was very much in his plans having sold Kolo Toure to make way for the Ivorian - born defender .
Simon Kjaer and Daniel Agger ’s partnership for Denmark in the World Cup showed glimpses of the potential ball - playing and mobile centre - backs can bring to an attacking side – and indeed to an attacking side ’s defence also – as Barcelona and Spain have displayed , keeping the ball and forcing teams back is a form of stopping chances .
Indeed if Wenger ’s continuing reference to Koscielny as a centre - half is anything to go by ( as opposed to the more traditional centre - back ) the French / Polish defender should complement Arsenal ’s style perfectly in both parts of the game .
( CNN ) -- Poland 's cooperative BPS bank says it 's the first in Europe to install a biometric ATM -- allowing customers to withdraw cash simply with the touch of a fingertip .
The digit - scanning ATM , introduced in the Polish capital of Warsaw , runs on the latest in " finger vein " technology -- an authentication system developed by Japanese tech giant Hitachi .
The company says that an infrared light is passed through the finger to detect a unique pattern of micro-veins beneath the surface - which is then matched with a pre-registered profile to verify an individual 's identity .
" This is a substantially more reliable technique than using fingerprints , " Peter Jones , Hitachi's head of security and solutions in Europe , told CNN .
" Our tests indicate there is a one in a million false acceptance rate -- that 's as good as iris scanning , which is generally regarded as the most secure method . "
Unlike fingerprints , which leave a trace and can be potentially reproduced , finger veins are impossible to replicate , according to Jones , because they are beneath the surface of the skin .
" And before you ask , no -- it does n't work with fingers that have been chopped off , " he added .
While the technology represents a step forward in reducing cases of identity fraud , Jones said that this is just one of many factors that have encouraged the Polish bank to adopt it .
" Here , banks have a responsibility to perform various social functions like dispensing welfare checks and pensions .
These cause long queues at the cashier and many people find it inconvenient and even debilitating . "
BPS plans to install a biometric ATM at every one of its branches by the end of the year , where , says Jones -- who has worked with the bank for over three years -- they will also function as a collection terminal for state benefits .
Although it is a first for Europe , biometric cash points have been embraced in other parts of the world for some years .
According to business data analysts Bloomberg , the technology became particularly popular in Japan after the passing of legislation in 2006 that made banks liable for withdrawals by criminals using stolen or counterfeit bank cards .
Jones says that there are now over 80,000 biometric ATMs in Japan , currently used by more than 15 million customers .
The machines are also dotted around parts of Asia , Latin America , the Middle East and even parts of Africa -- where , according to banking analyst Stessa Cohen , they are preferred by rural workers living in remote areas , who are not accustomed to carrying bank cards .
So far though , the technology has failed to penetrate banking markets in the West .
Cohen , who works for industry analysts Gartner , believes there are a number of data privacy issues that commercial banks have failed to address .
" If these banks are going to make biometrics an attractive proposition , they 're going to have to start being much more transparent about what they do with their customer 's personal data .
They have to show that this type of sensitive information does not belong to them , but to us . "
For Jones , however , a driving force behind the lackluster uptake in most western countries is due to a dearth of commercial incentives .
" It 's generally the customer who foots the bill for fraud , and the banks have already factored that into their business model .
Add to that the fact that it costs thousands of dollars to install a new ATM -- and it 's just not worth it from their point of view . "
The security and solutions expert believes that Poland 's early adoption of biometric ATMs reflects the country 's forward - thinking attitude to the role of information technology in society .
" It 's no surprise that Poland is the first in Europe .
They are one of the most proactive at addressing the challenges of the information age .
When they host the EU presidency in 2012 , they want to say to the world : ' Look at what we 've achieved . ' "
The 30 million - strong nation in the heart of Europe boasts one of the fastest growing IT sectors in the region and has placed information technologies at the center of its plan for economic growth over the coming years .
As Kenechi Okeleke , IT and telecom analyst for Business Monitor International , told CNN : " Poland 's IT sector has performed really well in recent times .
IT is a major focus for the government at the moment and they have adopted an IT Infrastructure Plan with money from the government and the European Union . "
Dariusz Piotrowski , development director at Microsoft Poland , says that the key to the country 's success in technology is a thriving student body focused on technological innovation .
In July this year Poland will host the Imagine Cup -- a highly competitive global tech competition for students , which regularly enjoys upwards of 300,000 entrants from over 100 countries .
Poland 's track - record in the competition has been exemplary .
" They stood on the podium 13 times , taking the first prize five times , second five times and third three times . "
Piotrowski told CNN .
" Polish students have succeeded in the categories such as Algorithm , Short Movie , Game Development , Photography , Embedded Development and Software Design . "
And as far as human - computer interaction goes , biometric ATMs are just the tip of the iceberg for students in Poland .
Their entry for this year 's Software Design category is a project titled " InterPeter " -- a breakthrough system that translates sign language into natural language and vice - versa .
Really ?
No hidden trophy or achievement for beating Lava Mode ?
That 's kind of disappointing , given its huge difficulty ramp - up ... hell , even Speedrun Mode only took me four tries to beat ...
... here 's the problem I had : once you introduce the ' portal ' stages , things start to get a little finicky .
I would occasionally go through a portal while also moving in a diagonal direction or even with any sort of momentum behind me , and I could clip right into or even through a wall and die .
This was especially infuriating in one of the first levels that introduces you to the portal gimmick since it has you drop through a portal to get to the door , but if you drop down too quickly , you would clip through the floor and die .
It took me more tries to beat that one level than it did to beat the entirety of Speedrun Mode and get the trophy for it .
The game as a whole ?
Fun ; a good time - waster if you have twenty minutes to burn ...
... Speedrun Mode ?
Strict , but still doable with practice .
( Pro tip : use the Block Breaker move by holding down to fall faster and not cling to walls . )
Lava Mode ?
Easier than Speedrun for sure , since there 's no time limit imposed upon you , but those portals , man ... they can really screw you over if you 're not careful .
PopCap has teased a reveal for Plants Vs Zombies .
The firm sent PC Gamer a cryptic image dating the announcement for August 2 , as well as a drawing of San Francisco , hinting at a possible location for the reveal or the setting for the new release .
Rumours for the reveal include an expansion for the game , details of the console versions or the announcement of a sequel .
Plants Vs Zombies was released on PC in 2009 , and received an iPhone port earlier this year .
> Click here to read our review of Plants Vs Zombies
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
( CNN ) --
Paul the octopus , a psychic cephalopod at an aquarium in Germany , has become a World Cup phenomenon after correctly predicting the winners in all six of the German national team 's matches .
Now staff at Sea Life in Oberhausen , western Germany are preparing for Paul 's prediction for Sunday 's final between The Netherlands and Spain -- Germany 's conquerors .
Six winners in a row : what are the chances ?
Leading online gambling service , Betfair , told CNN if someone bet £ 10 ( $ 15 ) on the first match , carried over all funds to the second match , and then repeated this up until Germany 's sixth match , their original bet would have netted them £ 4,071 ( $ 6,092 ) .
They said the probability of this happening was 0.245 percent , or a 1 in 408 chance .
British high street bookmaker William Hill was so impressed by Paul 's predictive powers that it has offered even odds that he will pick the winner of the final between Spain and The Netherlands .
" Punters are keen to keep on the right side of Paul 's tips , so we are giving them the chance to bet that he 'll pick the winner before they even know which side he has opted for , " William Hill 's spokesman Graham Sharpe told CNN .
At least one punter was kicking himself for not paying attention to Paul .
A man who staked a record € 500,000 ( $ 629,430 ) on Germany winning last night lost his wager -- the largest World Cup bet ever , according to William Hill .
How does Paul make his predictions ?
Sea Life staff lower two boxes of food into his tank , one with a German flag and the other bearing that of their opponents .
The case he opens first is adjudged to be his predicted winner .
Has he used this " psychic ability " before ?
Yes , he was called on during the European football Championships in 2008 but only managed an 80 percent success rate in predicting Germany 's results .
He even failed to predict Germany 's 1 - 0 defeat in the final against Spain -- a result that was repeated in South Africa two years later .
Have his predictions gone down well ?
According to media reports , the slippery soothsayer has received death threats from disgruntled Argentina fans angry at their team 's comprehensive 4 - 0 thrashing at the hands of Germany .
Celebrity Spanish chef José Andrés even promised asylum to Paul if the Spanish beat Germany in their semi-final clash .
" If Spain wins octopus is off of all my menus ! " he declared .
Can an octopus really be psychic ?
Michelle Childerley , who describes herself as an animal communications expert , told CNN that all animals -- as well as humans -- possess a psychic ability , with telepathy the main way of communicating among many species .
She says dogs can often sense what an owner wants before they vocalize it .
As for as Paul 's ability to predict a football result , Childerley claims the octopus is perfectly aware of what he is being asked .
" He 's picking up on what everyone around him is thinking , " she said .
" He knows there are two boxes which represent two sides , so he 's basically tuned in to the more positive team at the moment he makes his choice . "
CNN iReport : Watch Spain and German fans react to pychic octopus
Are they intelligent creatures ?
They are extremely crafty creatures , according to octopus expert Kerry Perkins , of Sea Life in Brighton , southern England .
" They 've managed to adapt to their environment by having the ability to solve problems as they encounter them , " she told CNN .
" For example Paul the octopus has figured out that he can get a reward by lifting the lid on the box .
" In their real habitat this adaptability makes them feared predators .
Because they usually live in specific dens on the seabed , they 've had to develop ways of sneaking up on their quarry by camouflaging themselves or hunting at night . "
She added that a lot of research is being done into behavior , in terms of whether octopus learn from decisions they make .
What type of octopus is Paul ?
He 's a common octopus , or Octopus Vulgaris .
They are usually found in coastal areas across Europe and the Mediterranean , living for about two to three years .
Larger species survive for up to five years , Perkins says .
CNN 's Simon Hooper and Peter Wilkinson contributed to this report .
There is strong circumstantial evidence that , faced with a public relations defeat over the cost of the two summits , high - ranking members of the government and police orchestrated a clandestine security operation .
The operation was orchestrated to inflame the public imagination against all protesters .
Strategically , it was designed to justify what is still truly unjustifiable — $ 1 billion on security .
Policing became the subject du jour , not the massive civil rights violations through arbitrary arrests , or the policies being laid down by the leaders of the 20 most powerful countries in the world .
Those policies will punish millions of people , still reeling from the aftermath of the financial meltdown caused by the banks and hedge funds .
Citizens have every right to protest the refusal of the 20 most powerful governments in the world to address poverty , climate change and the collapsing social safety net .
Late on Saturday , June 26 , after a huge peaceful demonstration , and obviously responding to fresh orders , phalanxes of police acted like an occupying army .
More than 1,000 people were subjected to arbitrary and often violent arrest .
This extraordinary roundup was almost twice as many people as were detained during the kidnapping and murder crisis of October 1970 .
The outrageous nature of most of the arrests was captured by a Toronto Star story highlighting the case of a young , unsuspecting TTC fare collector on his way to work in full uniform with ID .
Three officers seized him on the street , roughed him up and dragged him off to police cells .
“ I ’m a fare collector , ” he cried .
“ Today , ” replied the police , “ you ’re a prisoner . ”
Even more outrageous is the account of a 53 - year - old amputee — John Bruyn of Thorold — whose prosthetic leg was wrenched off by police .
When he could n’t hop into custody , he was knocked down and dragged off , lacerating his skin and losing his glasses .
The dominant image emerging from the summit is of a black - clothed “ protester ” smashing windows , and an apocalyptic image of a burning police cruiser .
Those images had their desired effect .
Opinion polls now show most people support police actions , in light of the demonstrator violence .
What if the Saturday rampage was allowed to happen ?
These are serious questions , and need a public inquiry to answer them .
Look at the evidence .
Police sources told the Toronto Sun that they were ordered to stand down , and let the rampage unfold on Saturday .
Officers standing down throughout the streets of the downtown were vividly captured on video .
Video evidence shows a “ demonstrator ” trashing two Toronto police cars .
He is wearing the same thick - soled boots as those of the police riot squads standing down , and watching , a block away .
All the boots bear the same yellow logo .
We unmasked three police agents provocateurs at Montebello by noticing that the trio were wearing the exact same military - issue boots as uniformed police .
The old saw is :
If something looks like a duck , walks like a duck and quacks like a duck , it probably is a duck .
This “ demonstrator ” looks like a cop , right up to his buzz cut .
He has everything but an earpiece .
In another graphic scene in Toronto , police undercover operatives , wearing all manner of disguise , converge on their rallying point .
They have obviously been ordered to disband .
While several of their number , waving nightsticks and screaming , “ Get back !
Get back ! ” threaten a video journalist taping the scene , their comrades dash for the police line .
The police line opens and a uniformed officer , scanning their clothes for some sort of ID , waves them through .
At least one is dressed in the Black Bloc uniform .
The police line , using bicycles as a fence , closes up and the undercover officers make good their escape .
It was not widely reported , but the RCMP confirmed to the Star ’s Tonda McCharles that it would be employing “ crowd infiltrators . ”
Was the car - smasher one of those “ infiltrators ” ?
To those who would dismiss the possibility of such sinister police and government action as just a conspiracy theory , I ask that they examine Montebello , where despite initial public denials police admitted using agents provocateurs .
Recall the MacDonald commission inquiry into the RCMP , revealing that police had performed much more outrageous actions , including burning down a barn , in the aftermath of the October Crisis .
Further evidence is the controversial action during the 1997 APEC summit , where it was revealed the Prime Minister ’s Office was pulling the strings behind highly questionable security measures .
Finally , for those who do not believe the police are capable of such sinister action , remember the 2006 election campaign .
Paul Martin ’s Liberals appeared to be putting the sponsorship scandal behind them , heading toward a narrow electoral victory , when the RCMP leaked correspondence baselessly smearing a Martin cabinet minister , and tilting the election toward the Tories .
Stephen Harper ’s first stop the morning after the election was a congenial visit with the RCMP czar .
O Canada , this is a dangerous moment in the history of our democracy .
If just a fragment of this is true , then a full - throated public investigation into the police and the politicians is desperately needed .
It is important to note that prime minister Pierre Trudeau took full responsibility for the arrests under the War Measures Act .
He ensured that a commission was established to compensate those unfairly detained .
Almost all received financial compensation .
It would show some leadership for Harper to take a page from that history .
As a gesture to austere times , the cabinet travelled to Chequers on Friday not in individual ministerial limousines , but on a coach .
There were other features of the awayday at the prime minister 's rural retreat which gave it something of the atmosphere of a school outing .
At lunchtime , David Cameron turned tour guide and took around the house those of his colleagues who had never been there before .
The prime minister joked : " I 'd better do it now , before Nancy and Elwen trash the place . "
There 's usually someone at an outing who does n't keep to the programme .
When they resumed after a coffee break , Ken Clarke was missing .
With his colleagues already in session , when the justice secretary finally came through the door he was bellowing into his mobile phone .
" Blimey , " said the prime minister to laughter all round , including from Mr Clarke .
" It took years to get him to use a mobile phone and now we can't get him off it . "
The serious purpose of this all - day session was to assess their first 10 weeks in power and prepare for the rockier road ahead .
The fuss which erupted when Nick Clegg stood in at prime minister 's questions and described the Iraq war as " illegal " – not the Tory position – was a reminder that this is a government welded out of two parties with very different perspectives on a lot of issues .
Iraq wo n't break them apart : that is an argument about history .
The real tests of their cohesiveness will be arguments about the future .
Several of them are already bubbling to the surface : over university tuition fees , care for the elderly , welfare benefits , and the reorganisation of the NHS .
The government is beginning to leak a bit .
A row between Liam Fox 's Ministry of Defence and the Treasury over the funding of Trident has made headlines .
George Osborne and Danny Alexander gave a joint presentation to the Chequers gathering about the spending review .
They included a warning to colleagues about not conducting negotiations through the newspapers .
The spending squeeze is the most obvious source of tension within the government .
Lib Dems in the coalition report that they find some of the Conservatives far too blasé about just how excruciatingly painful the cuts are going to be .
One Lib Dem minister has a mantra for his Tory colleagues : " A £ 1bn cut is £ 1,000 taken away from a million people . "
Yet it is too crude to see the internal dynamics of this government as simply a case of Tories in one corner , Lib Dems in another .
A potentially much more important divide is between coalition Conservatives and coalition Lib Dems on the one side , and non-coalition Conservatives and Lib Dems on the other .
This bifurcation is partly about jobs .
Government is much more fun for those Tories and Lib Dems sitting in ministerial suites wielding power .
That is also a bonding experience for them .
Things look rather different to backbenchers of the two parties .
They do n't have much in common except that they are still on the backbenches .
This division between the coalition and non-coalition parts of the government is also about ideology .
The unreconciled Tory right distrust their own leader even more than they resent being in government with Lib Dems .
The Chequers meeting started with David Cameron giving a joint PowerPoint presentation with Nick Clegg .
The prime minister remarked that the coalition required better management of their respective backbenchers .
" I know that , " he said .
" And I know you do too , Nick . "
Conservatives ought not to be grumbling about their leader .
For them , the coalition is paying dividends .
The Tory poll position is substantially improved on their election performance .
It is the Lib Dems who have more cause for concern .
Their support has slumped .
People who voted Conservative have got what they wanted : Tories in government .
Many people who supported the Lib Dems were not voting for a Tory - Lib Dem coalition , even though Nick Clegg 's statements during the campaign made it clear that this was a likely outcome .
The biggest backlash is in the north of England and Scotland where memories of the Eighties and Nineties still arouse visceral anti-Tory feeling , a loathing now transferred to the Lib Dems for sleeping with the enemy .
Nick Clegg has been confronted with this anger in his own Sheffield constituency .
Visiting a school recently , the Lib Dem leader was accosted by a man wearing a T - shirt emblazoned with : " Nick Clegg betrayed us . "
It is a healthy sign for the coalition that Tory cabinet ministers are sensitive to the potential for this to grow into a big problem for the Lib Dem leader .
One Conservative cabinet member who has not got a Lib Dem minister on his departmental team says he 's not pleased about this at all .
He regards it as " a pain " .
He is compensating for the lack by reaching out to Lib Dems on the backbenches to be sure that he is alive to their concerns and that they feel involved in his decisions .
Those who see Messrs Cameron and Clegg interacting in private report that the two men are sustaining a good personal chemistry .
The prime minister prefers the politics and the company of his deputy to that of many of his Tory colleagues .
Many Tory and Lib Dem ministers are building decent relationships with each other .
It actually seems to be an advantage that they did not have much , if anything , to do with each other before they went into government together .
One reason why New Labour was so riven with poisonous and debilitating personality feuding is that they all knew each other far too well .
It was incestuous .
Politicians who have been in the same party together for decades come into government loaded with all the grudges , envies , paranoias and other enmities towards colleagues that have been accumulated over many years .
Politicians of separate parties working together for the first time are not burdened with all that baggage .
One shrewd insider identifies an interesting paradox : two naturally personable leaders have " depersonalised " government .
This does n't mean there are n't arguments .
And there are some humdinger rows ahead over spending cuts .
It does mean that there may be a better chance that policy arguments can be conducted robustly but without personal nastiness .
Labour 's attacks on the government are so far proving counter - productive if the aim is to try to split the coalition .
It is actually driving them closer together .
After the Cameron - Clegg presentation and the Osborne - Alexander duo , the Chequers meeting was treated to a third double act by Michael Gove for the Tories and Chris Huhne for the Lib Dems .
Mr Gove did a little comedy turn about the Labour leadership candidates in which he dubbed David Miliband , Ed Miliband and Ed Balls as " Geeky " , " Gawky " and " Grumpy " .
The coalition will paint Labour as a party that is irresponsibly unwilling to address the deficit because they wo n't say how they would bring it down ; trapped in the past ; obsessed with its own internal wrangles ; and in hock to vested interests .
It is a game plan encouraged by the behaviour of some of the leadership candidates .
One of the challenges presented by the coalition is how the Conservatives and the Lib Dems maintain their distinctive identities .
That is a bigger problem for Nick Clegg .
It is partly an issue of visibility .
With the exception of Mr Clegg , the Lib Dem members of the cabinet tend to be less visible than the Tories , partly because , with just five seats at the table , there are many fewer of them .
There is an interesting question about the party conferences in the autumn .
When a party is in government , ministers try to win applause in the hall and media attention for their speeches by unveiling good news .
" Conference , I am delighted to announce today that the government will legislate to … "
No one has yet worked out how this should be managed when there are two governing parties with two separate conferences to please .
Are the ministers from the Lib Dems , whose conference meets a fortnight before the Tories , to be allocated a party bag of announcement goodies to keep their people applauding ?
A medium - term problem for the coalition which is already beginning to simmer is what happens when the Tories and Lib Dems become electoral competitors again .
That will come to the boil next May .
Strategists in both parties are already puzzling about how they will conduct themselves in the spring elections for local councils and the devolved governments in Scotland and Wales .
Can they remain friends at Westminster while they are foes on the stump ?
For the longer term , there is a conflict of interests .
The ultimate strategic objectives of the two parties are not the same .
Nick Clegg took the risk of going into coalition with David Cameron for good reasons .
The Lib Dem leader hopes to prove that his party is capable of doing government and to acclimatise Britain to coalition politics .
The Conservatives are not in this because they want to see Britain perpetually governed by coalition ; that prospect would horrify the vast majority of Tories .
They did it because it was expedient on this occasion when the voters denied them a majority .
That is the big question which hangs over the coalition in the longer term .
It was not addressed at Chequers .
Quite understandably .
The immediate challenges of the next few months are already formidable enough .
All of the fun of space combat in a fast - playing card game !
Exciting full - color cards portray the ships of the Federation , Klingons , Romulans , Gorns , Kzintis , Tholians , and Orion pirates .
No boosters to buy , everything for six players in one box !
Explore strange new worlds , meet new civilizations , and bring home a few souvenirs of alien technology !
Join your team in the transporter room now !
Forward Travis
Outlaw has agreed to a five - year , $ 35 million deal with the New Jersey Nets , his agent , Bill Duffy , told ESPN The Magazine 's Ric Bucher .
The 25 - year - old Outlaw averaged 8.7 points and 3.6 rebounds in 23 games for the Los Angeles Clippers after being acquired as part of a trade that sent Marcus Camby to the Portland Trail Blazers .
In 11 games for Portland last season , Outlaw averaged 9.9 points and 3.5 rebounds .
Drafted in the first round by Portland in 2003 , Outlaw has averaged 9.5 points and 3.4 rebounds in seven NBA seasons .
His best season was in 2007 - 08 , when he averaged 13.3 points and 4.6 rebounds .
The agreement was the Nets ' first since free agency started last week , and it's not even close to being one that would excite New Jersey fans after winning just 12 games last season .
The wish list for new owner Mikhail Prokhorov and outgoing president and general manager Rod Thorn included LeBron James , Chris Bosh and Dwyane Wade with Rudy Gay heading the fallback position .
Gay has re-signed with Memphis .
Wade stayed in Miami , and Bosh is joining him there .
All that is left among the franchise players is James , and the Nets are n't the favorite to get the two - time MVP when he announces his future plans on television Thursday night .
The Nets also courted Utah forward Carlos Boozer but were outbid by the Chicago Bulls on Wednesday .
That left the Nets with $ 30 million to spend on free agents , and they started spending it by getting Outlaw to come to New Jersey .
" We are very pleased to add Travis to our roster , " said Thorn , who reportedly will be stepping down July 15 .
" He is a young , athletic player who will fit in very well with the style of play that [ coach ]
Avery [ Johnson ] has installed . "
After agreeing to a deal with Outlaw , the Nets are strongly considering making an offer to either Tyrus Thomas or Luis Scola to fill their hole at the power forward position , sources told ESPN.com 's Chad Ford .
Both Thomas and Scola are restricted free agents , which means the Charlotte Bobcats and Houston Rockets , respectively , can match any offer .
Ric Bucher covers the NBA for ESPN and ESPN The Magazine .
ESPN.com 's Chad Ford contributed to this report .
Information from The Associated Press also was used .
Simon Resnik Hayes , LLP is now two different law firms .
To reach Kevin T. Simon , Matt Resnik or M. Jonathan
Hayes please follow the links below .
Matt Resnik
Los Angeles Bankruptcy Attorney
Phone : ( 818 ) 293-0031
Fax ( 818 ) 855-7013
Resnik Hayes Moradi LLP
510 West Sixth Street , Suite 1220
Los Angeles , CA 90014 M. Jonathan Hayes
Encino Bankruptcy Attorney
Phone : ( 818 ) 293-0031
Fax ( 818 ) 855-7013
Resnik Hayes Moradi LLP
17609 Ventura Boulevard , Suite 314
Encino , CA 91316 Kevin T. Simon
www.ktsimonlaw.com
Email : [ email protected ]
Phone : 818-783-1674
Fax : 818-783-6253
The Law Offices of Kevin T. Simon , Esq .
21241 Ventura Blvd , Suite 253
Woodland Hills , CA 91364
An unlikely benefactor
.
An Ashkelon resident who made a fortune in the European real estate business has decided to pay for the construction of a mosque in France for the benefit of the local Muslim community .
Father of four Robert Harush , 58 , grew up in Ashkelon and having completed his military service tried his luck in the real estate business in Europe .
His success has won him many hotels and buildings and he is estimated to be worth hundreds of millions of shekels .
Despite his success Harush did not forget his hometown and has returned to Ashkelon and invested in local building ventures .
For the past 10 years he has been dividing his time between Israel and France .
His four children all speak Hebrew .
The businessman even chose to stay in the southern city during Operation Cast Lead .
He remained in Israel also after a Grad rocket landed near his house .
Surprisingly , he has not harbored any ill - feelings against the Arab side and is a strong supporter of co-existence .
He was recently approached by the mayor of Montereau , a French city adjacent to Paris , who informed him of his difficulties in financing the renovation of a large mosque in the city .
" I told myself ' here is an opportunity to bring the people together ' and decided to donate the money , " Harush said .
" People were dumbfounded .
What does a Jewish - Israeli man have do to with refurbishing a mosque ?
The answer is simple : I 'm sick and tired of the hatred .
A sane voice must emerge . "
Harush explained that he built the mosque in order to promote co-existence .
" It was n't a cheap venture but I did with all my heart . "
Ashkelon projects
Leaders of the Montereau Muslim community have thanked Harush for the gesture and maintain a warm relationship with him .
The businessman , however , is not interested in supporting the Muslim community alone and has paid for the construction of one of the largest and most grandiose synagogues in Asheklon last year , which was named after his late father .
He is currently working on setting up a mikveh in the southern city to be dedicated to his late mother .
" I myself am not a religious person but I feel that in the absence of upstanding politicians it falls on businessmen to bring together Jews and Arabs and seculars and the religious .
1 of 3600
Rating : 5 stars
Here 's the deal folks !
Most would agree that using a pork tenderloin for pulled pork is not a good idea .
Cheaper cuts of pork work just the same and have tons of flavor !
I used a 4 pound shoulder cut ( also called Boston butt ) .
It was only $ 5 , whereas a 2 pound cut of tenderloin was $ 10 !
I cooked in the slow cooker for 7 hours , pulled it apart and mixed with Sweet Baby Ray 's Hot and Spicy sauce , and then cooked for another hour .
I served them on Kaiser rolls with coleslaw and homemade fries from this site .
Amazing !!
Thumb Up Helpful ( 10538 )
Rating : 5 stars
This was so easy to make and the results were amazing .
I followed the recipe only adding a couple of things .
Before placing the tenderloin in the slow cooker , I rubber salt , pepper , and garlic salt on it .
I then used a fork to poke holes in the tenderloin so the juices could be soaked up .
I added the root beer and let it cook on low for 5 1/2 - 6 hours .
I then drained and pulled the pork apart easily with a fork .
I returned the pork to the slow cooker and added the BBQ sauce and let it continue to cook on low for another 1 - 1 1/2 hours .
It was so good and and my husband loved it .
Thumb Up Helpful ( 5456 )
Rating : 5 stars I was looking for something I could cook in the crock pot on a very busy day .
I was tired of the usual pot roast , and we have chicken all the time so , the idea of pulled pork occured to me .
I tweaked this reciped just a bit and the result was really good !
I knew a 2 lb tenderloin would never be enough for my family of 6 , so on the advice of the butcher at my grocery store , I used a 4 lb shoulder ( it had a small bone in it , but it slid out easily after cooking on low for 10 hours .
I mixed 1/2 cup of Bull 's Eye Original Barbeque sauce with 2 cups of root beer then poured it over the roast , sprinkled it with a generous amount of dried minced onion , then drizzled some additional barbeque sauce over the roast .
Halfway through cooking , I turned the roast over , added more minced onions and another drizzle of sauce .
After 10 hours in the crock , I removed the roast , let cool slightly and then shredded it .
I mixed in the rest of the barbeque sauce , some salt and a little water to moisten it and served it on a bun .
The result was a restuarant quality pulled pork sandwich that my whole family enjoyed !
I will definitely be making this again !
Thumb Up Helpful ( 4049 )
Rating : 5 stars WOW !!
This is SO GOOD !
I have to admit , when my friend first told me about " Root Beer " pork , I was skeptical .
Then she told me that her chef fiance loved it , so I decided that was a good reason to give it a try .
I 'm SO glad I did !
I cooked it in just root beer for 6 hours , then drained it and cooked it in the BBQ sauce for an hour .
When I tasted it , it MELTED in my mouth !
It is SO GOOD !!!
Plus it was super easy !
Highly recommended !!
Thumb Up Helpful ( 1104 )
Rating : 5 stars FANTASTIC !
I had gone to " Log Cabin BBQ " the last night , which inspired me to try to make pulled pork sandwiches myself .
This one blows Log Cabin BBQ out of the water !
I used a 6 pound pork shoulder and filled up my slow cooker with root beer to cover the meat .
Left it in for about 10 hours .
It was so tender and juicy , I could barely take it out of the slow cooker !
The best thing is -- 7 pounds of pork shoulder was only about $ 10 !!!!
The means you can make enough pulled pork sandwiches to feed about 30 people for about $ 15 - 20 !!
And they will be raving about it !
Extra points for ease , too !
Thumb Up Helpful ( 978 )
Rating : 4 stars
Thought this was good , but not too much different than what I usually make .
I typically use pork butt or shoulder and cook it with a cup of water , shredding and adding the bbq sauce at the end .
I like the idea in this recipe of using pork tenderloin - it's a lot less fatty and very easy to shred / pull , although you may sacrifice some flavor using a leaner cut like this .
As for the rootbeer - it did n't seem to noticeably enhance the flavor of this dish for me .
In all fairness though , I did have a cold , so maybe that had something to do with it !
The rootbeer did however make for a messy crockpot when it came to clean up as the sugar caramelized on the side of the pot and was really tough to scrub off .
I 'd recommend either using cooking spray on the sides of the crockpot , or trying a pan liner made for crockpots .
If like me you have trouble getting it clean - try scrubbing with your fingers using a paste made from Bon Ami .
Worked for me !
Thumb Up Helpful ( 927 )
Rating : 5 stars I appreciate folks who review the recipe when they have used the original ingredients .
What I do n't appreciate , is someone who posts and completely changed ingredients .
Why not post as an entirely different recipe .
This was great as is .
It will vary , depending on what barbecue sauce you use .
Thumb Up Helpful ( 861 )
Rating : 5 stars
This is a GREAT recipe for a sweet southern type pork unlike the strong underlying flavor of vinegar favored by the East coast or the mustard based sauces of South Carolina / Georgia .
With that being said if you are a traditionalist of a geographic region , this is probably NOT the recipe for you unless you like the sweeter sauces of Tennessee .
Experience imparts using a pork tenderloin will provide a drier meat , however using something will a little more fat such as a shoulder or butt will impart more flavor .
The main tip for this recipe is to ensure your meat is covered with liquid , or turn it every few hours .
Mixed with Sweet Baby Rays , Sweet and Spicy sauce to help counter the sweetness of the root beer and cooked for 1 hour longer to absorb the sauce into the meat .
Served on onion rolls with a sprinkling of French 's French Fried Onion Rings on the meat and a side of apple coleslaw ( from this site ) for a quick dinner .
5 stars for a truly easy , no fuss , no muss recipe .
Thumb Up Helpful ( 748 )
Rating : 5 stars
Very very good .
I used a pork shoulder roast .
I soaked it in the rootbeer overnight .
We love Sweet Baby Rays Brown Sugar and Hickory sauce .
I could n't keep the kids from eating it before dinner .
I will be making this again for sure .
Would be great to serve to a crowd .
Thumb Up Helpful ( 605 )
Amid the wreckage of the devastating earthquake that recently ripped through this corner of the Tibetan plateau , local people are rebuilding their livelihoods with one of the world 's most ghoulish parasites – the caterpillar fungus .
The government has accorded extra importance this year to the annual picking season for the ingredient , prescribed in traditional medicine to cure cancer and also nicknamed " Himalayan Viagra " because of its alleged aphrodisiac qualities .
But the growing dependence of the local community on this remarkable crop has prompted violent confrontations between rival pickers and is now stoking concerns that the mountain hillsides may one day be harvested empty .
The Cordyceps sinensis fungus is known locally as Yartsa Gunbu or " summer grass winter worm " , named after the transformation that takes place as it devours its host , the ghost moth caterpillar , from inside out during the latter 's hibernation on the mountain grasslands .
The fungus briefly grabbed the world 's attention in 1993 , when the Chinese national athletics coach Ma Junren credited it with the stunning success of three female runners who came from nowhere to break five world records in one competition .
Western studies suggest the fungus may protect the liver .
But its benefits are already treasured in Asia , where it is prescribed by doctors and given as a luxury gift , often literally worth its weight in gold .
Thanks to the expansion of this market , the value of Yartsa Gunbu has increased more than ninefold since 1997 , creating what mycologist Daniel Winkler calls a " globally unique rural fungal economy " on the Tibetan Plateau .
This month , the government earmarked caterpillar fungus collection as one of three industries that it will focus on to revitalise the region in the wake of the 6.9 magnitude quake that struck on 15 April .
Along with the export of migrant workers and Tibetan mastiff breeding , it is a mainstay of family incomes .
These yellow - brown organisms account for four out of every ten dollars earned by rural Tibetans and provide a bigger boost for the economy than the combined revenue from manufacturing and mining , according to Winkler .
In recent years , Yushu – close to the border with Tibet – has been at the centre of this fungal gold rush , making it the fastest growing economy in Qinghai Province .
The town 's central market is dominated by fungus sellers , each haggling behind a table or basket filled with what looks like a mass of yellow and brown worms .
To improve sales , some traders employ local women to clean the dirt off of the fungi .
They earn 100 yuan per day – a better income than most Chinese factory labourers – as they sit in circles on the pavement chatting and scrubbing the long , slim cordyceps with brushes .
Higher up the value chain , a strata of budding fungal entrepreneurs have emerged in recent years .
Depending on the size and quality , the fungi are sold here for 25 to 35 yuan each , or about 40,000 yuan per kilogram .
At the end of the retail chain , the best fungi can fetch up to 360,000 yuan per kilogram – more than gold .
Tsuren Pingcuo , one of Yushu 's fungus dealers , claimed he could make hundreds of thousands of yuan a year from the trade .
" The caterpillar fungus is everything to the people here .
We all depend on it for a living , " he said .
" I used to work for the government , but now fungus is my business .
It has changed my life .
I 'm rich . "
He insisted that the harvesting of the fungi does no damage to the environment , but high on the hillsides near Longbaozhen – the epicentre of the quake – pickers say the business is unsustainable .
" When I was young , you used to be able to find the fungi everywhere near my home , but now you can spend a whole day on the slopes and you are lucky to find ten , " said Tashi Duzhu near Longbao .
" There are too many people doing it now .
Every year , there are more and more . "
The high - altitude harvest is gruelling .
Collectors spend 12 hours a day scouring the hillsides for the slim , 2 cm stem - like protuberances that stick out of the earth .
In extreme cases , scarcity has led to gun and knife battles over prime fungal turf .
In July 2007 eight people were shot to death and 50 wounded in one such conflict .
" There are fights every year and occasionally people are killed , " said Tsamba Chunpin , another picker .
Last week , scientists and senior officials from the national and local government state joined a caterpillar fungus conference in the provincial capital Xining to consider how to harvest the crop sustainably despite growing pressure from consumers .
" China has conducted research on environmental management , artificial cultivation , and product development , " said Gao Hongbin , deputy minister of agriculture .
" With scientific management and strict regulation , we can maintain the continued increase in the incomes of local farmers . "
Assertion Injection
Summary and Introduction
Assertion Injection ( AI ) is a design pattern for automated tests .
It can enable precise , pinpoint reporting of test failure causes , and makes the use of more complex and fragile mocks unnecessary in some cases .
Generally , AI will not make new tests possible .
Its value is that it makes certain powerful tests much easier and simpler to express in code .
Assertion injection works in languages featuring functions as first - class objects and support for closures .
It will also require an xUnit - like testing library , or something sufficiently similar .
This article 's code examples use Python 3 and its built - in " unittest " library .
The concepts can more or less translate to other high - level languages .
Basic Use
Consider this class :
Listing 1
from urllib .
request import urlopen class RemoteResource : ' Represents some sort of remotely - fetched resource ' server = ' example.com ' def __init__ ( self , rel_url ) : ' rel_url is the HTTP URL of the resource , relative to the server ' url = ' http://{}/{}'.format(self.server , rel_url ) self .
resource = urlopen ( url )
At object creation , the constructor triggers an HTTP GET to a URL .
The exact URL is calculated , based on the server attribute , and the rel_url argument .
Now , think how this would be tested .
You might want to verify the correct URL value is indeed being constructed , and that it works right even if a subclass changes the value of server .
On top of that , you might prefer to test this without taking the trouble of setting up a test web server that responds to each test URL .
( And forever maintaining it ! )
There are of course ways to deal with all this .
One is to structure the class differently , so that each part can be tested in isolation .
Here is one way :
Listing 2
from urllib .
request import urlopen class RemoteResource2 : ' Represents some sort of remotely - fetched resource ' server = ' example.com ' def __init__ ( self , rel_url ) : ' rel_url is the HTTP URL of the resource , relative to the server ' url = self .
mk_url ( rel_url ) self.resource = self.load_resource( url ) def mk_url ( self , rel_url ) : return ' http://{}/{}'.format(self.server , rel_url ) def load_resource ( self , url ) : return urlopen ( url )
Then , in a test case , you could instantiate a subclass of RemoteResource2 that overrides load_resource with a no - op , and test mk_url directly .
This kind of thing is the bread and butter of unit testing in languages like Java and C# , and certainly does the job fine .
While this works , it 's not ideal .
There are now two new methods that exist soley to make a very simple and basic test possible .
The added complexity – both in extra lines of code , and added development time – is arguably not worth it .
Assertion injection helps tremendously in this kind of situation .
A code change for dependency injection is still required .
But it is simpler and much less invasive than what we did in Listing 2 .
In fact , the change is only one line : the constructor 's argument signature , which now takes an optional argument specifying the URL opening function .
Listing 3
from urllib .
request import urlopen class RemoteResource : ' Represents some sort of remotely - fetched resource ' server = ' example.com ' def __init__( self , rel_url , urlopen=urlopen ) : '' ' rel_url is the HTTP URL of the resource , relative to the server urlopen is the function to open the URL ''' url = ' http://{}/{}'.format(self.server , rel_url ) self .
resource = urlopen ( url )
A test case can now be simply written as so :
Listing 4
import unittest from rr import RemoteResource class TestUrl(unittest.TestCase ) : def test_build_url ( self ) : def myurlopen ( url ) : self.assertEqual('http://example.com/testpath.json', url ) rres = RemoteResource ('testpath.json ' , myurlopen )
What happens if the test fails ?
Suppose we neglect to put in the slash between domain and relative URL .
Perhaps with a line like this in the constructor :
Listing 5
# format string should be ' http://{}/{}' url = ' http://{}{}'.format(self.server , rel_url )
Then the test will fail with the following stack trace :
Listing 6
amax@crispy:~/wdir/writing/articles/dai/code python3.1 test_rr.py F ======================================================================
FAIL : test_build_url ( __main__.TestUrl )
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Traceback ( most recent call last ) : File " test_rr.py " , line 7 , in test_build_url rres = RemoteResource ('testpath.json ' , myurlopen ) File " /home/amax/wdir/writing/articles/dai/code /rr.py " , line 8 , in __init__ self .
resource = urlopen ( url ) File " test_rr.py " , line 6 , in myurlopen self.assertEqual( ' http://example.com/testpath.json', url ) AssertionError : ' http://example.com/testpath.json' != ' http://example.comtestpath.json'
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Ran 1 test in 0.001s FAILED ( failures=1 )
What does this immediately tell us ?
The assertion on line 6 of test_rr.py is what failed
is what failed The computation that triggered the failed assertion is on line 8 of rr.py
The exact failure condition - in this case , showing the expected URL string , contrasted to the actual value created
This is an outstanding set of information !
It is likely to help us quickly and immediately understand exactly what went wrong , and how to fix it .
How It Works
In its simplest form , assertion injection relies on two properties of the language : support for closures , and functions as first - class objects ( that can be dynamically created and passed as arguments , just like any data object ) .
A closure is an encapsulation of an execution context - the identifier table , including local object references , that defines all identifier names at a particular time and place in the program 's execution .
This allows code in other contexts to reference the local scope in a controlled way .
This is directly exploited by the myurlopen function above : its execution context includes the TestCase instance , whose reference is available to the injected function .
As a result , the assertion can hook directly into the test running and reporting framework .
The AI Recipe
Here 's a summary of how to use this pattern :
Structure the SUT ( system under test - the code being tested , basically ) to allow the dependency injection .
It needs to enable the test , obviously , but otherwise can be as minimally invasive as possible .
In the test case , dynamically create a function ( or class , or object instance ) implementing the appropriate interface , that can be injected in the SUT .
In the function , embed test case assertions using the standard test library framework .
Inject , and exercise the SUT to trigger the assertions .
Mocks
I 'm not aware of any test situation that AI could handle but a good mock object library could not .
The question is , then , why bother ?
Why not just use the mocking library ?
There are certainly times when mocks are greatly useful .
I 'm grateful to the authors of mock - object libraries .
If you are one , thank you for your work - the world 's software is significantly better because of your efforts .
This is not diminished by the fact that using test mocks , and other forms of fake objects , carries undesireable baggage .
Typically , a mock library is an external library , and so introduces an external dependency on running tests .
This creates another hurdle for people who would use or modify your code .
This is n't helpful when you want people to contribute to your open source project , but also matters in a more proprietary context .
The mock library introduces an external dependency that can change on you , and which you do n't necessarily have much control over .
Mocking libraries tend to work by using the more " magic " features of the language .
Thus , they can conflict with advanced or subtle language features used by your own code .
I 've had this problem in at least two languages ; the mocking libraries got confused by the the code they were testing .
I have often found that setup of the mocks must be tied to sensitive details of of the SUT 's implementation , and thus can easily become fragile .
( AI suffers this as well , though to a lessor degree , I believe . )
The interface of the mock object library is another thing you have to learn , and another thing you have to remember .
These libraries are generally not hard to use , but they are n't trivially and completely intuitive either .
Most of us have plenty of APIs to memorize already .
Given all this , I will use mocks when called for .
And when there is a way to create a quality test that does not use mocks , I 'll choose that option .
Assertion injection sometimes provides that choice .
This " skymap , " generated in 2009 from data collected by the IceCube Neutrino Observatory , shows the relative intensity of cosmic rays directed toward the Earth 's Southern Hemisphere .
Researchers from the University of Wisconsin - Madison and elsewhere identified an unusual pattern of cosmic rays , with an excess ( warmer colors ) detected in one part of the sky and a deficit ( cooler colors ) in another .
A puzzling pattern in the cosmic rays bombarding Earth from space has been discovered by an experiment buried deep under the ice of Antarctica .
Cosmic rays are highly energetic particles streaming in from space that are thought to originate in the distant remnants of dead stars .
But it turns out these particles are not arriving uniformly from all directions .
The new study detected an overabundance of cosmic rays coming from one part of the sky , and a lack of cosmic rays coming from another .
This odd pattern was detected by the IceCube Neutrino Observatory , an experiment still under construction that is actually intended to detect other exotic particles called neutrinos .
In fact , scientists have gone out of their way to try to block out all signals from cosmic rays in order to search for the highly elusive neutrinos , which are much harder to find .
Yet in sifting through their cosmic - ray data to try to separate it from possible neutrino signals , the researchers noticed the intriguing pattern .
" IceCube was not built to look at cosmic rays .
Cosmic rays are considered background , " said University of Wisconsin - Madison researcher Rasha Abbasi in a statement .
" However , we have billions of events of background downward cosmic rays that ended up being very exciting . "
Previous studies have found a similar lopsidedness ( called anisotropy ) in the sky over the Northern Hemisphere , but this was the first time scientists saw that the pattern extended to the southern sky visible from Antarctica .
" At the beginning , we did n't know what to expect , " Abbasi said .
" To see this anisotropy extending to the Southern Hemisphere sky is an additional piece of the puzzle around this enigmatic effect — whether it 's due to the magnetic field surrounding us or to the effect of a nearby supernova remnant , we do n't know . "
One idea to explain the asymmetry is that a star may have recently died in a supernova explosion relatively nearby , and its remnant may be pouring out loads of cosmic rays that would dominate the signals we receive .
Whether or not the mystery gets solved , the observations could help scientists understand more about how cosmic rays are formed in the first place .
Growing consensus favors the supernova remnant idea , though the details are not hammered out .
Scientists think that the shells around dead stars , made of puffed - out layers of gas that were expelled by the star before it exploded , contain strong magnetic fields that may act as cosmic particle accelerators , speeding up particles to close to the speed of light .
" This is exciting because this effect could be the ' smoking gun ' for our long - sought understanding of the source of high - energy cosmic rays , " Abbasi said .
IceCube 's findings on cosmic rays are detailed in a paper published Aug. 1 in the Astrophysical Journal Letters .
Image caption
The duo now plan to drive home from Land's End
Two men who converted a van to look like a Highland cow before driving it to Spain have missed out on taking part in Pamplona 's Running of the Bulls .
Mikey Sandison , 29 and Gordie Mackay , 25 , from Caithness , set out from John O'Groats and took part in the Ramshackle Rally across Europe .
The duo were among thousands of people gathering for the bull run after reaching Pamplona a few days earlier .
But they lost their places when police reduced the number of runners .
They had planned to complete the run in kilts .
The two men did manage to attend opening day of the San Fermin festival on Tuesday which Mr Sandison described as " complete madness " .
He said : " We got up at five this morning and we were on the course , but at 7.30 am the police threw everyone off at the end and with over 5,000 fighting for a place we did n't get one . "
Prize winners
Mechanic Mr Sandison and his electrician friend Mr Mackay glued fur used for pillows to their vehicle .
The van made a big impression on other entrants to the Ramshackle Rally .
One of the prize winners - a team calling themselves El Toro - even donated their reward money to the Caithness pair 's chosen charity the Alzheimer 's Society .
Mr Sandison said : " The response that we have had has been unbelievable .
We also won the award for Best Spirit of Ramshakle . "
After taking a ferry from Spain to Plymouth , the pair plan to drive from Land 's End back to John O'Groats .
Following false complaints of copyright infringement , a popular video - sharing site removed surveillance footage that shows a police officer shoving a disabled woman to the ground , says the B.C. Civil Liberties Association .
“ I think that the motivations for the complaints are purely political , ” BCCLA executive director David Eby told the Straight today ( July 23 ) by phone .
“ It ’s very clear that this is not proprietary copyright footage , that this is original footage properly in the possession of the BCCLA , which means that the complaints were motivated at having the video removed and they were successful , ” he said .
In the video , three Vancouver police officers walk side by side along a busy Downtown Eastside sidewalk .
As a disabled woman attempts to pass between the men , one of them appears to push her to the ground .
In news interviews , the woman has identified herself as “ Sandy ” and said she has cerebral palsy .
Vancouver police say the officer apologized to the woman following the June 9 incident on Hastings Street .
The department ’s Professional Standards Section is also investigating .
Eby said the woman obtained a copy of the footage under provincial freedom of information legislation from a non -profit housing group .
She then provided the BCCLA with consent to use the video .
Eby said the clip was viewed more than 99,000 times in two days on the Vimeo site before it was removed without notice earlier today .
It has now been reposted on YouTube .
Eby described the copyright complaints as problematic because the removal of the video created dead links on local news media sites .
“ In our minds , that ’s a free speech issue and one that we ’re working with Vimeo on to make sure it does n’t happen again , ” Eby said .
In disputes over copyright , Vimeo requires written notification including a signature and other contact information from the owner of the material or a representative .
“ Vimeo will remove infringing materials in accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright
Act if properly notified that content infringes copyright , ” reads a message on the video - sharing site .
Eby said he is seeking details about who made the complaints .
Image caption Mr Farron said his party needed to retain their " crusading " principles
A Lib Dem MP has said many Tory MPs are " toxic " and claimed David Cameron is using his coalition partners as " cover " for unpopular decisions .
Tim Farron told the BBC the Tory leader gave the Lib Dems such a " good deal " partly to help his own party 's image .
Meanwhile , Lib Dem deputy leader Simon Hughes said his party would not have backed the government 's academies bill if they had not been in the coalition .
The comments come amid growing unease within the party about decisions taken .
Liberal Democrat activists and some MPs are concerned about the party leadership 's backing for a VAT rise , which they opposed at the general election , and cuts to school buildings programmes .
Deputy Prime Minister and Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg has insisted he will continue to stand up for liberal principles in government and that there is much common ground with his Conservative coalition partners .
Mr Farron has been sceptical about the coalition since its formation , describing it as a " poor ideological fit " .
However , he has now gone further and suggested that the Conservatives are seeking to exploit their partners for their own ends .
' Potentially compromised '
" Why would David Cameron have given us such a good deal ? " he told BBC Radio 4's World at One .
" The answer is , first of all , we are providing some cover for them .
The reality is that David Cameron has a toxic brand ....
His brand , including most of his MPs , are toxic .
I think there is a sense that the Conservatives would have preferred a less fair budget Tim Farron , Lib Dem MP
" It is not my job to detoxify it ... I think we have to be aware he has envisaged that he gets something out of all this .
Part of it is that the Conservative Party , at the end of it , is less ugly than when it went into it .
The problem is that most Tory MPs are determined to keep it ugly . "
He stressed that he was not seeking to " offend " Tory MPs , but suggested their pre-election support for inheritance tax cuts and resistance to the proposed increase in capital gains tax showed the party had not changed .
" I think there is a sense that the Conservatives would have preferred a less fair budget .
I think that is blindingly obvious . "
The Lib Dems must avoid becoming " managerial " in government and remain " spiky " when it came to defending their " crusading " principles , he added .
" Our identity is going to be potentially compromised if we are not careful . "
Mr Hughes , who beat Mr Farron in the contest to become deputy leader last month , said the Lib Dems had struggled to spell out their own " distinctive policies " so far .
Over the summer recess , which begins on Tuesday , he said the party leadership must do more to reassure supporters about its influence over policy direction .
" The best opportunity to re-establish our own identity begins here , " he told the same programme .
" It will happen at our party conference and it will happen because , at last , we have set up our policy teams in Parliament which will be coming with the policies on which we will stand at the local elections next year . "
' High - risk deal '
In doing so , he said the party must make clear what it had already achieved in government in the face of fierce Labour attacks .
We always knew that the coalition deal was a high - risk exercise .
Simon Hughes , Lib Dem deputy leader
" We have been in the front line and therefore , in some respects .
we have been in the firing line , " he added .
" We always knew that the coalition deal was a high - risk exercise .... We have now to make sure that our particular policy is worked on , pronounced and announced and obvious to people . "
The party should distinguish more clearly which policies they actively support from those they are obliged to back as part of the coalition agreement .
Asked if he agreed with comments by Lib Dem peer Lord Greaves that legislation to give more schools freedom to opt out of local authority control and become academies - which he said was not part of the coalition agreement - was being pushed through with " indecent speed " , he said he did .
" The academies bill , no , we would not have supported , and the warning from Lord Greaves needs to be heeded .
" We need to be clear when things come from the Conservative stable this is not our proposal but we have accepted it because it is part of the package . "
Jay Leno - Interview
Likeable US talkshow legend Jay Leno talks jet - bikes , swapping out carbs on a Vincent Black Shadow and getting speeding tickets on a steam - powered car …
As soon as you take your shiny new business PC out of the box and switch the machine on , it starts saving temporary files , caching pages , rewriting registry entries and otherwise populating the hard disk .
Over time all of this stuff has an impact on the system as the disk becomes fragmented , old registry keys get left behind , items are added to startup and more .
It ’s no surprise therefore that after a few months , your once fast PC can start to feel a bit more sluggish .
Help is at hand , however , as there are a number of tuning tools available that can clean things up and help you get back that nippy , out - of - the - box feel .
If you want to tidy up your system or target a specific area such as your hard drive , we ’ve put together this guide which highlights some of the best tuning software tools for the job .
Note that all of these will run on Windows 10 and earlier versions of Microsoft's OS .
If you 're working remotely and connecting your PC to a home network , you may also want to ensure you have parental controls operated from your machine .
And if you 're feeling creative , we 've also featured the best software for writers .
In the meantime , here are the best system utilities and repair software products for your computer .
Want your company or services to be considered for this buyer ’s guide ?
Please email your request to desire.athow@futurenet.com with the URL of the buying guide in the subject line .
Best system utilities and repair software for business PC's - at a glance
( Image credit : CCleaner )
1. CCleaner Business Edition Versatile and easy - to - use clean - up tool Works with popular browsers and programs Option for automatic monitoring Interface feels dated
This is the business version of the popular free consumer CCleaner clean - up tool .
On first use it scans your machine for cookies , history and temporary files related to popular browsers , as well as files from other popular applications .
It also includes a registry cleaner and a range of other tools such as an uninstaller , a startup manager , a browser plug - in manager and a duplicate finder .
There ’s a drive wiper for cleaning up old systems before disposal too .
The software also gives you an option to monitor the system in the background and run a clean automatically when a previously specified amount of space can be saved .
Note that there are discounts available when it comes to purchasing larger numbers of licences .
For bigger businesses there are network and cloud versions available that allow remote management of multiple endpoints .
If you want a clean - up tool that ’s simple to use and covers all bases , this one is well worth a look .
( Image credit : AVG )
AVG TuneUp has been around for many years , but the current version has a smart , modern look .
Run a scan - which takes a while to complete though it does display a graphic indication of progress - and you ’re presented with an easily read dashboard display showing which areas need attention .
Sadly , when you click on an item for more detail , the style of the application proves to be inconsistent .
As well as dealing with browser data it cleans up system logs and caches , looks for registry problems and broken shortcuts , helps manage startup and shutdown , and checks for disk fragmentation .
There ’s an automatic maintenance option and a performance advisor that offers tips for speeding up the system – by disabling background tasks , for example .
The program can also produce a monthly optimisation report .
Again , bulk discounts are available when buying for multiple systems .
With its useful tips and clear interface this is a good choice for non-technical users .
( Image credit : Ashampoo )
3. Ashampoo WinOptimizer Fast and has lots of useful features Fast scanning Privacy control for Windows 10 Need to drill down to uncover some info Aggressive advertising
Ashampoo WinOptimizer is compatible with all versions of Windows from 7 onward .
The freshly overhauled interface is clear and there ’s a choice of styles when you install the program .
Click the search button to begin the optimization process – once it ’s complete you have the option to examine the details of what the program has found , or just run an automatic fix .
Ashampoo ’s effort does the usual file and registry clean - ups , plus it provides additional tools including a backup manager so you can roll back changes should a cleaning process mess something up .
It also includes a Privacy Control Module for Windows 10 which allows you to manage what data is shared with Microsoft ; a pretty nifty touch .
There ’s an auto - clean option , too , and a live tuner which optimizes performance by managing background tasks .
Furthermore , there ’s a new SSD Wizard for optimizing solid - state drives .
Discounts are available for multiple licences , plus there ’s a fully functional free trial to allow you to try the program for yourself .
WinOptimizer scans quickly and provides a lot of data but you do need to drill down into the interface to find some of it .
The program also constantly tries to sell you other products which is a bit irritating .
( Image credit : Iolo )
System Mechanic is one of the most popular tuning tools around and it's easy to see why .
Although the interface is n't particularly special it does offer a comprehensive range of cleaning tools as well as the ability to optimise your CPU , memory and internet connection .
It also allows you to manage startup programs .
After a scan you can opt to repair all the issues it has found or dig deeper to view the details before deciding on whether to take action , though some areas offer more control than others .
All of the tools can be run separately if you prefer .
There 's an ActiveCare option that will run cleaning tasks when the system is idle , and LiveBoost to improve system performance .
Note that there ’s also a Pro version available with more features .
If you want a tool that 's easy enough for non-techies to handle but also lets you dig deeper if needed , then Iolo ’s offering is for you .
( Image credit : SlimWare )
5. SlimCleaner Free to use and surprisingly comprehensive Crowd - sourced accuracy Runs from a flash drive Some functions need a web connection Uninstalls run one at a time
SlimCleaner from SlimWare is a tool that uses a community - based approach to recommend optimal settings for programs and services .
It helps you to clean up the system as well as uninstall unwanted software .
It can also identify the data clogging up your drive and securely wipe sensitive information .
There ’s a defrag tool and a duplicate finder , optimization for solid - state drives , and it can check the versions of installed software to see if there ’s a new version available .
A hijack log also lets you identify potentially unwanted toolbars and BHOs .
SlimCleaner can be run from a flash drive so you can use it to clean up several PCs without having to install the program on all of them .
SlimCleaner is surprisingly comprehensive , and while there are some minor niggles , this is well worth considering for the performance boost mode and alerts for unwanted startup items .
( Image credit : Avast )
Avast Ultimate is one of the most comprehensive internet security suites around .
While it includes anti-virus software at its heart , it also provides additional features you 'd struggle to find in similar bundles .
The package is really a combination of four of Avast 's main products : Avast Antivirus Premier , Avast SecureLine VPN , Avast Cleanup , and Avast Passwords for Windows .
This means you also get an automatic updater for your software , a file shredder to ensure data is properly deleted from your harddrive , as well as ransomware protection .
There are privacy protections included , too , not least via the SecureLine VPN , and a password manager manager , too .
Avast Cleanup offers useful optimization utilities on top , though , such as help repair outstanding issues with the Windows registry , as well as delete junk files from temporary and cache folders , on top of general tuning for improved performance .
Altogether , Avast Ultimate is n't the cheapest security and privacy platform out there , but it's one of the most comprehensive , and the ability to better protect and control your critical data are definite selling points .
The only real negative is that Avast keeps spinning off its services into separate products , means you can expect repeated pop -up ads on your screen telling you that you need to fix something - only to find that feature is n't included in your subscription , making you feel that perhaps you would have been better going with a competitor that does include everything .
The incredulity over Alvin Greene 's surprise win in the Democrat primary for South Carolina 's Senate seat shows no sign of abating .
House Majority Whip James Clyburn ( D—SC ) openly accused the unprepossessing 32 - year - old , who won without holding a single campaign event , of being a political pawn : " There were some real shenanigans going on , " Clyburn told a radio talk show .
" I do n't know if he was a Republican plant ; he was someone 's plant . "
Greene has denied this , saying his victory was due to " word of mouth . "
Could there be any truth to Clyburn 's allegations ?
( Watch Keith Olbermann drill Alvin Greene about his past )
This is a set - up engineered by those good ol ' SC boys : Greene 's victory means " only one thing , " says Devona Walker at AlterNet .
" Someone rigged the Democratic primaries down in Dixieland . "
The " good old boys " in South Carolina proved they were willing to stoop to dirty tricks with the ugly Nikki Haley affair .
" I 'm just wondering how long it will take for Greene to crack under the pressure . "
" The curious case of Alvin Greene "
Why would anyone run a plant against sure - thing Jim DeMint ?
The idea of the " plain - spoken " Greene being a plant raises more questions than answers , says Allahpundit at Hot Air .
For one , Republican Jim DeMint is a " mortal lock to be re-elected " in South Carolina , so why would you " risk all the bad publicity and possible criminal repercussions " of rigging the election ?
" Another trainwreck : Olbermann interviews ' America 's candidate ' "
Would n't you choose a more convincing plant ?
Even if you did want to run a plant against DeMint , says Jim Geraghty at the National Review , would you really " entrust Alvin Greene " — accused of a felony and hardly media friendly — to pull off a " grand conspiracy " ?
For that matter , " would you trust Alvin Greene to water your plants while you 're away ? "
" It 's not easy being Greene , but apparently he wins easily "
We 're inventing conspiracies to explain his behavior : Judging from his extraordinarily vague interviews with the media , says Adrian Chen at Gawker , " there seems to be literally nothing to Alvin Greene . "
Maybe we 're trying to fill in that well of " nothingness " with " our own conspiracy theories , " when the only truth behind Greene 's candidacy is he 's " just some random dude " who accidentally won a Democrat primary .
" Mystery SC candidate 's bizarre Keith Olbermann interview "
They were trying to turn themselves into Singapore , but they missed the most important factors .
Singapore is secularist , open to immigration , easy to immigrate to , and actually invests its money only building things when needed or as part of an intricate plan .
Dubai is like someone said , hey if we make our skyline look like Singapore , we 'll be set .
Now all they have is debt , a foreign slave army that outnumbers natives , a small native population , represive laws that are highly restrictive to outsiders , and a bunch of big empty buildings .
I wanted to believe in you so bad Dubai .
My father had his life saving operation there , my uncle once had a lovely estate there , you 're at the edge of a desert ( heaven to me ) .
I wanted to believe , but you lied to yourself .
All those empty buildings ... and if you have the money to build the rest you have planned , they will all be empty too ...
Check your team , look up player stats and see the league 's latest transactions , all from Yahoo 's latest API .
Fantasy baseball and football are both supported now , with options for hockey and basketball expected in time for their seasons .
And the API supports OAuth , so developers could create new interfaces to almost every feature of Yahoo Fantasy Sports .
David Geller , Director of Fantasy Sports , said it 's part of Yahoo's open strategy to make data available to developers .
Some have already written homegrown methods of accessing the data , which means scraping the site .
This API provides an official , supported way that is much easier for developers .
Like other Yahoo APIs , Fantasy sports data is being made available via Yahoo Query Language ( YQL ) , as well as a web service .
See our Fantasy Sports API profile for more information .
The tools Yahoo is providing go beyond team and league adjustments .
Developers can also access data for the current and previous season player statistics .
In combination , this allows for applications that can provide fantasy owners with detailed analysis of their teams .
Some potential uses for the API :
Projections for the league -- who will win based on previous data ?
Lineup analyzer -- which player should I sub in to get better results ?
Alerts for owners -- does a player have a bye this week ?
Is a player injured ?
An API like this has been requested as far back as 2007 , with a mention on then - Yahoo employee Jeremy Zawodny 's blog asking for web services ideas .
Another commenter re-iterated the request when Yahoo announced its open strategy .
Geller said it 's been on the internal list for some time , but that recent deals with data providers have made it possible .
As with many APIs , the new fantasy sports platform is only available for non-commercial use .
That is both good and bad news for users .
The good news is that anything developers create will be available for free .
The bad news is that developers wo n't be incentivized to create powerful tools for which users might pay .
To address this downside , Geller said Yahoo is working toward a program where developers could , for a fee , upgrade their license to allow commercial use .
Update : A couple people in the comments have pointed out that MyFantasyLeague has an API .
In fact , we have a profile of it .
Nevertheless , none of Yahoo's competitors have an API , so I stand by the spirit of my headline .
JAKARTA ( Reuters ) -
Two quakes off Indonesia ’s easternmost Papua province within minutes of each other killed two people and damaged hundreds of buildings , but did not impact a major LNG project , officials said on Wednesday .
A 6.4 magnitude quake was followed 10 minutes later by another of 7.0 magnitude nearby , the U.S. Geological Survey ( USGS ) said .
Indonesia ’s meteorological agency said the quakes occurred around 120 kilometers ( 75 miles ) southeast of the island of Biak , at a depth of 10 kilometers , and issued a tsunami warning .
BP said that its Tangguh LNG project in Papua was operating normally and was not affected by the quake .
National Disaster Mitigation Agency spokesman Priyadi Kardono said a 47 - year - old woman and a five - month old baby who lived in Serui on Yapen island had been killed .
“ They were killed by collapsing walls , ” Kardono told Reuters , adding that 11 churches , four schools and hundreds of houses had collapsed or been damaged .
“ We heard people have gone back home , but until now it ’s not clear where the people whose houses have collapsed have taken refuge , ” Kardono added .
Jaya Murjaya , an official at the meteorological agency , said : “ According to reports , the quakes were felt strongly in Biak , and with this intensity the quakes could cause cracks on the walls of houses and buildings . ”
A map of the urban growth boundary expansion .
Today 's vote was opposed by the Greens but supported by the Liberal - Nationals coalition .
Developers argue the decision , and any subsequent residential development , will ease pressure on housing supply and affordability .
But questions remain about services , including public transport , in these areas .
The government says it has an integrated housing and transport plan with housing - growth areas tied to existing or planned transport links .
Housing expansion in the west is expected to be served by the planned new Regional Rail Link , but questions remain about services to the north and south - east .
Melbourne ’s outer suburbs have limited access to public transport — especially rail — and residents rely much more heavily on cars to travel to the city than inner-suburban dwellers .
The plan was first revealed by Premier John Brumby in December 2008 - long before the term " sustainable growth " became the favoured catch - cry in the national political lexicon .
The expansion is to accommodate an additional 134,000 homes for Melbourne and provide 20 years of land supply for new housing .
It takes some of the best of the western plains grassland , of the grassy woodlands in the Maribyrnong and Merri Creek catchments and of course 4000 hectares of prime Casey foodbowl market garden land .
City of Casey mayor Lorraine Wreford said she was very disappointed the council 's concerns about the use of fertile food - growing land for housing had been ignored .
" It is very fertile food - growing land , " she said .
" If you keep pushing your food production further and further out from the city then it costs more for people to eat . "
Housing Industry Association Victorian executive director Gil King said members were very pleased with the expansion .
" It means that there will be more land released for housing to be constructed on .
It will help the underlying demand .
It will assist in making houses more affordable for all Victorians , " he said .
Urban Development Institute of Australia executive director Tony De Domenico said he was delighted " that there is more access to land because that is going to help supply and demand " .
" It will put Victoria in a better position to retain its competitive advantage over other states in terms of housing affordability - it is a pity it took so long to do , " he said .
While Property Council of Australia Victorian executive director Jennifer Cunich welcomed the additional land for housing , she had a cautionary note for Melbourne 's planners .
" We now need to have the debate about density - it is not the long - term solution to continually move the boundary , " she said .
Rosemary West , from the Green Wedges Coalition , said the expansion " really means the death of the green wedges " .
" It takes some of the best of the western plains grassland , of the grassy woodlands in the Maribyrnong and Merri Creek catchments and of course 4000 hectares of prime Casey foodbowl market garden land , " she said .
Loading A spokeswoman for Planning Minister Justin Madden said the planning scheme amendment to expand the urban growth boundary was " fundamental to maintaining housing affordability " .
" Expanding the boundary is a major component of the Brumby Labor Government 's long - term plan to manage growth , keep house prices affordable and ensure our city remains one of the world 's most welcoming and livable cities , " she said .
This is my first entry into #iDevBlogADay .
It all started very innocently with a suggestion from Miguel , but the ball got rolling pretty quickly .
The idea is to have one independent iPhone game developer write a blog entry each day of the week .
At first we thought we would be hard - pressed to get 7 developers , but it ’s starting to seem we might have multiples per day !
Check out the new sidebar with all the #iDevBlogADay blogs .
We ’re also putting together a common RSS feed if you want to subscribe to that instead .
Writing is addictive , so do n’t be surprised if this once - a - week minimum turns into multiple - times - a - week .
Every developer who ’s been working on a team for a while is able to tell the author of a piece of code just by looking at it .
Sometimes it ’s even fun to do a forensic investigation and figure out not just the original author , but who else modified the source code afterwards .
What I find interesting is that I can do the same thing with my own code … as it changes over time .
Every new language I learn , every book I read , every bit of code I see , every open - source project I browse , every pair - programming session , every conversation with a fellow developer leaves a mark behind .
It slightly changes how I think of things , and realigns my values and priorities as a programmer .
And those new values translate into different ways to write code , different architectures , and different coding styles .
It never happens overnight .
I ca n’t recall a single case where I changed my values in a short period of time , causing dramatic changes to my coding style .
Instead , it ’s the accumulation of lots of little changes here and there that slowly shifts things around .
It ’s like the movement of the Earth ’s magnetic pole : very slow , but changes radically over time ( although maybe just a tad bit faster ) .
Why Talk About Coding Styles
Coding style in itself is purely a personal thing , and therefore , very uninteresting to talk about .
However , in its current form , my coding style goes against the grain of most general modern “ good practices ” .
A few weeks ago I released some sample source code and it caused a bit of a stir because it was so unconventional .
That ’s when I realized it might be worth talking about it after all ( along with George bugging me about it ) , and especially the reasons why it is the way it is .
Before I even start , I want to stress that I ’m not advocating this approach for everybody , and I ’m certainly not saying it ’s the perfect way to go .
I know that in a couple of years from now , I ’ll look back at the code I ’m writing today and it will feel quaint and obsolete , just like the code I wrote during Power of Two Games looks today .
All I ’m saying is that this is the style that fits me best today .
Motivation
This is my current situation which shapes my thinking and coding style :
All my code is written in C and C++ ( except for a bit of ObjC and assembly ) .
It ’s all for real - time games on iPhone , PCs , or modern consoles , so performance and resource management are very important .
I always try to write important code through Test - Driven Development .
I ’m the only programmer ( and only designer ) .
Build times in my codebase are very fast .
And above all , I love simplicity .
I try to achieve simplicity by considering every bit of code and thinking whether it ’s absolutely necessary .
I get rid of anything that ’s not essential , or that ’s not benefitting the project by at least two or three times as much as it ’s complicating it .
How I Write Today
So , what does my code look like these days ?
Something like this ( this is taken from a prototype I wrote with Miguel of Mystery Coconut fame ) :
namespace DiverMode { enum Enum { Normal , Shocked , Inmune , } ; } struct DiverState { DiverState ( ) : mode ( DiverMode :: Normal ) , pos( 0,0 ) , dir ( 0 ) , o2 ( 1 ) , boostTime ( 0 ) , timeLeftInShock ( 0 ) , timeLeftImmune (0 ) {} DiverMode :: Enum mode ; Vec2 pos ; float dir ; float o2 ; float boostTime ; float timeLeftInShock ; float timeLeftImmune ; } ; namespace DiverUtils { void Update ( float dt , const Vec2& tiltInput , GameState& state ) ; void Shock ( DiverState& diver ) ; void StartSprint ( DiverState& diver ) ; void StopSprint ( DiverState& diver ) ; }
The first thing that stands out is that I ’m using a struct and putting related functions in a namespace .
It may seem that ’s just a convoluted way of writing a class with member functions , but there ’s more to it than that .
By keeping the data in a struct instead of a class , I ’m gaining several advantages :
I ’m showing all the data there is and how big it is .
Nothing is hidden .
I ’m making it clear that it ’s free of pointers and temporary variables .
I ’m allowing this data to be placed anywhere in memory .
The fact that the functions are part of a namespace is not really defensible ; it ’s pure personal preference .
It would have been no different than if I had prefixed them with DriverUtils_ or anything else , I just think it looks clearner .
I do prefer the functions to be separate and not member functions though .
It makes it easier to organize functions that work on multiple bits of data at once .
Otherwise you ’re stuck deciding whether to make them members of one structure or another .
It also makes it easier to break up data structures into separate structures later on and minimize the amount of changes to the code .
Probably one of the biggest influences on me starting down this path was the famous article by Scott Meyers How Non Member Functions Improve Encapsulation .
I remember being shocked the first time I read it ( after having read religiously Effective C++ and More Effective C++ ) .
That reasoning combined with all the other changes over the years , eventually led to my current approach .
Since everything is in a structure and everything is public , there ’s very little built - in defenses against misuse and screw - ups .
That ’s fine because that ’s not a priority for me .
Right now I ’m the only programmer , and if I work with someone else , I expect them to have a similar level of experience than me .
Some codebases written with a defensive programming approach have an amazing amount of code ( and therefore complexity ) dedicated to babysitting programmers .
No thanks .
I do make extensive use of asserts and unit tests to allow me to quickly make large refactorings though .
Another thing to note that might not be immediately obvious from the example above is that all functions are very simple and shallow .
They take a set of input parameters , and maybe an output parameter or just a return value .
They simply transform the input data into the output data , without making extensive calls to other functions in turn .
That ’s one of the basic approaches of data - oriented design .
Because everything is laid out in memory in a very simple and clear way , it means that serialization is a piece of cake .
I can fwrite and fread data and have instant , free serialization ( you only need to do some extra work if you change formats and try to support older ones ) .
Not only that , but it ’s great for saving the game state in memory and restoring it later ( which I ’m using heavily in my current project ) .
All it takes is this line of code :
oldGameState = currentGameState
This style is a dream come true for Test - Driven Development ( TDD ) .
No more worrying about mocks , and test injections , or anything like that .
Give the function some input data , and see what the output is .
Done !
That simple .
One final aspect of this code that might be surprising to some is how concrete it is .
This is not some generic game entity that hold some generic components , with connections defined in XML and bound together through templates .
It ’s a dumb , POD Diver structure .
Diver as in the guy going swimming underwater .
This prototype had fish as well , and there was a Fish structure , and a large array of sequential , homogeneous Fish data .
The main loop was n’t generic at all either :
It was a sequence of UpdateDivers ( ) , Update Fish ( ) , etc .
Rendering was done in the same , explicit way , making it extra simple to minimize render calls and state changes .
When you work with a system like this , you never , ever want to go back to a generic one where you have very little idea about the order in which things get updated or rendered .
Beyond The Sample
To be fair , this sample code is very , very simple .
The update function for a reasonable game element is probably larger than a few lines of code and will need to do a significant amount of work ( check path nodes , cast rays , respond to collisions , etc ) .
In that case , if it makes sense , the data contained in the structure can be split up .
Or maybe the first update function generates some different output data that gets fed into later functions .
For example , we can update all the different game entities , and as an output , get a list of ray cast operations they want to perform , do them all in a later step , and then feed the results back to the entities either later this frame or next frame if we do n’t mind the added latency .
There ’s also the question of code reuse .
It ’s very easy to reuse some low level functions , but what happens when you want to apply the same operation to a Diver and to a Fish ?
Since they ’re not using inheritance , you ca n’t use polymorphism .
I ’ll cover that in a later blog post , but the quick preview is that you extract any common data that both structs have and work on that data in a homogeneous way .
What do you think of this approach ?
In which ways do you think it falls short , and in which ways do you like it better than your current style ?
Astoria Art Center
The Astoria Art Center , an art school in Asheville , N.C. is located in the Haw Creek area .
We were based in the heart of NYC for five years and brought our school with us when we moved south .
We will reopen later in the spring , but one can reserve a place now .
We are starting with one class on Thursday nights from 7 - 10 p.m. in the studio of Andy Levine ( aka John Nebraska ) .
I'm Andy and I also teach this class , happily .
It 's a six week course covering all aspects of classical and conceptual art , catering to the needs of each student / artist .
We will be doing life drawing on the third and fifth class so you must be over 21 .
The class is $ 35 each ( total $ 210 ) which includes model fees , a 14x17 drawing pad , snacks and drinks and some supplies .
We are limited to ten people .
Please contact us with questions and if you 'd like to visit the center .
— 718-956-8539 — lev8myart@earthlink.net
Think it .
Draw it .
Computers in Whitehall will largely continue to run Microsoft ’s Internet Explorer 6 , which will make web coders spit out their cheese ‘n’ pickle sarnies this lunchtime .
“ It is not straightforward for HMG departments to upgrade IE versions on their systems .
Upgrading these systems to IE 8 can be a very large operation , taking weeks to test and roll out to all users . ”
That ’s according to the government ’s response to a petition submitted to Downing Street in February that opposed UK. gov ’s continued endorsement of Microsoft ’s IE 6 .
“ To test all the web applications currently used by HMG departments can take months at significant potential cost to the taxpayer .
It is therefore more cost effective in many cases to continue to use IE6 and rely on other measures , such as firewalls and malware scanning software , to further protect public sector internet users , ” it said .
The petition itself was sent to Number 10 earlier this year asking then Prime Minister Gordon Brown to follow German and French governments ' decisions to ditch IE 6 .
Brown ’s administration was unmoved by security concerns about the crinkly old browser , however .
It claimed at the time that its system , along with regular Microsoft updates , meant it was robust enough against the kind of attack that claimed over 30 corporate firms at the end of last year .
Google was perhaps the most high - profile victim of those attacks .
It has since turned its back on supporting the old MS browser in its web apps .
At the same time , Microsoft too has been trying to shepherd users away from IE 6 and Windows XP - the operating system that refuses to die - in favour of its more recent software efforts .
But the ConDem government is singing from the same hymnbook as Number 10 ’s previous incumbents .
Freetards on the interwebs are in uproar about the decision , and the El Reg mailbox is overflowing with comments from outraged coders .
" Apparently the IT team in Whitehall has yet to realise you could quite easily use IE6 for IE6 only sites , and receive the protection of a more modern browser such as IE8 , FF and Chrome for everything else , " Reg reader Mark told us .
" As a senior web application developer , the mention of the positive word ' standards ' in a document about IE6 makes me die a little on the inside -- ' Public sector organisations are free to identify software that supports their business needs as long as it adheres to appropriate standards ' --
I 'm not sure which standards they mean ... but certainly not the HTML ones . "
Alas , Internet Explorer 6 is here to stay to keep the wheels of central government turning in this big fat society of ours , people . ®
“ Even now , I ca n’t find the words to explain the kinds of horrors that are happening , ” wrote Nurjan Tulegabylova with El Agartuu , a women ’s organization based in Kyrgyzstan .
“ There are burned houses , but the worst is that corpses of people are lying on the street . ”
In June , in the span of 2 - 3 days , over 2,000 people were killed and hundreds of thousands of people displaced in southern Kyrgyzstan .
Violence erupted in Osh and Jalal - Abad in the Ferghana Valley , where Uzbeks make up 15 percent of the population .
Kyrgyzs gangs set on fire homes and businesses in Uzbek neighborhoods , forcing over 100,000 ethnic Uzbeks to seek refuge by crossing the border to Uzbekistan .
The Uzbek government accepted 75,000 refugees , but quickly sealed off the border leaving thousands of ethnic Uzbeks homeless and living in fear .
Invisible Victims
The most vulnerable during this conflict , however , are women who have experienced harassment , rape , and murder .
According to the head of the Forum of Women ’s NGOs of Kyrgyzstan , Nurgul Djanaeva , “ Women and girls of both ethnic groups were raped and killed during unrest in the south of Kyrgyzstan . ”
Because of the deep patriarchal culture that permeates the region , gender - based violence has not received widespread attention .
“ This issue is not addressed , not documented , and no one is brought to answer for these crimes , ” says Djanaeva .
“ Women become weapons of war in the hands of those who want to destabilize the country . ”
According to several women ’s groups the Global Fund for Women supports , many women have lost their family and friends and have nowhere to go .
According to an article by Rochelle Jones , one woman “ witnessed her pregnant Uzbek neighbor dragged into the street and murdered by a gang of Kyrgyz who cut her unborn child out of her body amid laughing and roaring crowds . ”
“ These women need urgent psychological rehabilitation , ” writes Tulegabylova , “ because many of them are on the verge of a breakdown and are at risk of suicide . ”
Most observers of the June ethnic conflict point to the April 2010 elections in Kyrgyzstan where a change in political power sparked unrest .
Yet the ethnic tensions have been fueled by neglect : years of unaddressed mistrust and separation among ethnic groups , as well as crumbling social infrastructure and welfare systems .
When the Soviet Union disintegrated , two significant trends emerged across the region .
One was the rise in nationalism fueled by the need to create a national identity , which was suppressed under Communism .
The other was the gradual erosion of the social welfare state as each country adopted free - market capitalism as their economic system .
The rise in nationalism and decline in the social welfare state have together created a volatile climate where blaming the “ other ” has been easier than addressing these systemic causes .
Worse , news reports show Uzbek returnees ( and their Kyrgyz neighbors ) purchasing guns to secure themselves and their families .
Organizing for Peace
Yet there are some hopeful signs .
When violence broke out in Southern Kyrgyzstan this June , women ’s human rights defenders were among the first to respond to the crisis .
As targeted attacks against Uzbeks increased , women ’s rights groups in Osh and Jalal - Abad helped their Uzbek colleagues and clients find safe places to stay .
When women of both Kyrgyz and Uzbek ethnicities were raped , women ’s crisis centers responded with emergency medical and psychological support .
National women ’s networks reached out to women leaders in the South to learn about women ’s most urgent needs and coordinate relief plans .
Djanaeva traveled from Bishkek to Osh , where she visited hospitals , crisis centers , police stations , and morgues – and found that women ’s experiences of gender - based violence were not being documented or responded to by general humanitarian efforts .
The Forum of Women ’s NGOs of Kyrgyzstan called an emergency meeting in Bishkek , where women ’s leaders from around the country developed a strategy for their response over the next five months , including immediate support for women who have experienced violence , documentation of sexual violence , and peacebuilding efforts among ethnic Uzbek and Kyrgyz women in rural communities throughout Kyrgyzstan .
Such an immediate and well - coordinated response to the crisis does not come as a surprise .
Since the 1990s , Kyrgyzstan has grown one of the most vibrant women ’s movements in all of Central Asia .
Rural women ’s initiatives groups have sprung up throughout the country , promoting women ’s needs in local budgeting processes , responding to gender - based violence , and advancing women in politics at every level .
The movement ’s grassroots networking connects rural women activists around the country , enabling quick and strategic responses to the shifting political and social environment .
This strength was demonstrated in 2005 , when 100 women activists convened within weeks of the Tulip Revolution , the uprising that removed President Askar Akayev from power after accusations of fraudulent parliamentary elections in February 2005 .
Over the course of two days , the women produced a United Plan of Action , which outlined a common strategy for lobbying for gender equality with the new government .
Five years later , women are again coming together for common action in Kyrgyzstan .
In doing so , they are reaching out to the most marginalized women , such as sex workers , women living with HIV , and LBT women .
This outreach ensures that these populations , which are often overlooked by general humanitarian efforts , receive aid , support , and safety from additional violence .
By bringing together local women of different ethnicities to collaborate on rebuilding their communities , women are addressing the root causes of the violence : years of unaddressed mistrust and separation among ethnic groups , as well as crumbling social infrastructure and welfare systems .
Investing in Women
In the coming weeks , as the provisional government struggles to determine the future of the Kyrgyzstan government and attain stability in the South , it will be these same women that are implementing local peace - building programs and bringing women ’s solutions to national discussions .
To prevent further repetition of the recent violence , investment in the long - term stability of the region is desperately needed .
The Global Fund for Women knows from 23 years of supporting grassroots women ’s initiatives that women on the ground best understand the problems in their communities – and are uniquely positioned to implement realistic , effective solutions .
Women ’s human rights defenders in Kyrgyzstan have demonstrated that they have the skills and capacity to begin building stability and trust across ethnic groups in the region .
What is wanting is financial support and recognition of these initiatives as legitimate strategies for promoting human security .
As we approach the ten year anniversary of UN Security Council Resolution 1325 , which calls for the inclusion of women in conflict prevention , resolution , and peace building ] , the situation in Kyrgyzstan presents the international community with an opportunity not only to promote women ’s inclusion in the peace - building process , but to recognize and support their role as innovative leaders at the local and national level .
Thank you for taking my call this morning .
Yes , I live in North Carolina , but my N.C. Senators Richard Burr and Thom Tillis are n't terribly interested in quality health care that 's accessible to all -- and , technically , I 'm from Minnesota ( born high atop the bluffs of Red Wing and grew up in 18 different towns and cities throughout the North Star State : Adrian , Lismore , Hastings , St. Paul , Minneapolis , Columbia Heights , Mankato , Cottage Grove , Moose Lake , Cloquet , Duluth , Albert Lea , Sleepy Eye , New Ulm , etc. ) .
So it was a delight to talk with a Senator and Senate staff who are n't mean as snakes — and , in Sen. Tillis ' case , believe it 's not necessary for food - service workers to wash their hands after using the toilet .
( Yuck .
Just yuck . )
This spring , however , my neurosurgeon ’s office informed me that North Carolina Medicare Advantage patients are no longer being approved for these MRIs because North Carolina never accepted the requirements of the Affordable Health Care to begin with and now look askance at the lack of security about state - run Medicare Advantage administrating companies while the U.S. Congress debates health care coverage in the United States .
Well , here 's the scoop :
In 2009 , I was diagnosed with a brain tumor in conjunction with empty sella syndrome , which causes cerebral spinal pressure on the tumor and the base of my brain and my right optic nerve .
Anastasia ( that 's her name ) is not cancerous and is very slow - growing , but she causes all sorts of obstreperousness and one day she 's gotta go .
Since 2009 , I 've had annual MRIs overseen by one of the world 's leading neurosurgeons who specializes in this particular type of tumor and its sundry accessories .
He ’s optimistic that one day he can remove Anastasia and set her free , perhaps at Daisy Hill Puppy Farm , where Snoopy ’s mom ( another Minnesotan ) frolics the meadows and would provide delightful company .
Not to despair , though !
Dr. F tells me I have a couple of really super options :
1. Pay for the MRI and subsequent services out of pocket — upwards of $ 20,000 in Raleigh , Duke , or UNC hospitals ( my adjusted gross income for 2016 was $ 9,764 , btw ) ; or
2 . Go to France , where Dr. F has privileges at a Center of Excellence that specializes in this particular type of brain tumor and where care is available to any human being at no cost , because France is one of those wacky first - world countries that provides universal health care for everyone , regardless of income or nationality or the stupidity of their government of residence .
Although I would really LOVE to go to France , it seems a little extreme when any number of accredited hospitals and centers here in the Research Triangle Park area have the state - of - the - art MRI equipment and facilities to take the 700 + photos of my brain so that Dr. F can eventually rid me of this meddlesome tumor .
Do I really have to DESERVE an MRI in the United States ?
Well — believe me — I have paid my dues .
I 've been working for a tax - and FICA - deducted paycheck since I was an 11 - year - old farmworker in Minnesota .
For more than 40 years , I did n't stop working — as many as three jobs at a time — until this tumor and its sundry accessories put a stop to things ( in fact , even though I was desperately ill , I kept working though I was frequently hospitalized or on FMLA , and even kept a second weekend job AND worked three hours a night as an outsourced outsourcer rewriting Indian - style English into American - style English for a housing development company in Bangalore , India , that marketed to ex-pat Indians ) .
Boy , oh boy , did I work to deserve me some health care !
In addition , my family has a long history of military service .
Four of my maternal uncles were career U.S. Navy , and my father and his brother served in the Korean War .
Both my grandfathers served in WWII .
My ex-husband served in the navy , too , although it was the Turkey Navy ( his uncle was a submarine commander and his grandfather was a WWII ship captain in the Black Sea ; his great - grandfather was a ship captain in WWI and was captured and interned in a Siberian gulag until he and some of his fellow prisoners WALKED — yes WALKED — to Poland and then on back to Turkey ) .
My ex-husband became a U.S. citizen and went on to work in the U.S. defense industry , helping transition GPS from military technology to civilian technology ; designing guidance systems for TLAM and SLAM missiles ; and he currently oversees satellite technology that keeps U.S. military vessels ' locations secret from commercial vessels while preventing collisions at sea .
My nephew Marcos was sworn into the U.S. Marines three weeks ago and is soon headed to Camp Pendleton .
Our family does n’t just sit on our military laurels ; we planted them long ago and tend to them proudly .
My own daughter Yasemin proudly joined the U.S. Navy in 1999 .
Her boyfriend Tim had also joined the navy .
Tim was deployed to Afghanistan a few months before their daughter Leyla was born .
Leyla was born in San Diego Naval Hospital by C-section in February 2003 , and my daughter Yasemin had severe complications requiring an additional surgery .
When they were well enough to travel , I brought Yasemin and baby Leyla home to North Carolina to tend to them before sending Leyla back to the navy .
But four weeks after Leyla was born , the U.S. determined to invade Iraq .
My daughter Yasemin was one of 400 naval personnel with knowledge and experience on a particular type of sonar / radar and was called up for deployment .
She was still not healed from her surgeries , but it was her duty to go , and she went .
She never really came home .
For several years , I cared for her child , Leyla .
In April 2005 , Yasemin ( who had been deployed to Liberia , Haiti , and the Persian Gulf three times ) was injured .
She sustained a traumatic brain injury and many physical injuries .
She was unable to receive immediate care in the Gulf because of heavy combat operations in the area and she was left on a hospital ship for some weeks until she could be sent back to the United States .
Because of her injuries and her instability due to TBI , Yasemin was unable to care for her daughter , so Leyla continued living with me .
Yasemin attempted suicide 11 times in her first months back in the United States and was institutionalized several weeks in a state psychiatric hospital to help stabilize her .
In all , I took care of Leyla for more than 9 years and my daughter Yasemin still requires a good bit of oversight .
Leyla 's father remained in the Navy , deployed five times to Afghanistan , Iraq , and other areas in the Pacific .
Ultimately , he did not reenlist again and realize his dream of career service , because he needed to come back to the U.S. and care for his daughter .
Since 2015 , Leyla has lived full - time with Tim and his new wife in Illinois .
( I visit as often as possible , but I miss her so much . )
A few weeks after Tim was transitioned well enough to civilian life that he could parent Leyla , I was diagnosed with a 6 cm pituitary adenoma with empty sella syndrome and impairment to my optic nerve due to cerebral spinal fluid pressure .
I also have autoimmune deficiency , fibromyalgia , a chronic leukemoid disorder and other health conditions .
After my insurance - based COBRA ran out , I was without health insurance for more than a year -- with 17 doctors on my list , none of whom I could pay .
Free clinics could not take me on because my health needs outstripped their ability to offer care based on my high needs .
My endocrine clinic denied me care without insurance or the ability to accommodate the $ 132 credit remaining on my credit cards ; my neurologist would not see me .
When my primary - care doctor ’s office of 20 years refused to see me for pneumonia because I had only $ 30 of the $ 45 required for an office visit , I went home and immediately attempted suicide , taking every single pill in my entire house along with a few bottles of sleeping pills I bought at a pharmacy on the way home .
It seemed like my only option , unless I chose to take my chances on opportunistic diseases I could not afford to fight .
( Only through an absolutely extraordinary intervention by a friend in the Netherlands — yes , in the Netherlands ! — was I rescued by EMTs and an ER staff . )
Yes , without health insurance , suicide becomes a treatment option .
More miracles !
Just a few weeks later , President Obama , unable to get Congressional approval to fill judicial positions to address the backlog of disability claims , appointed an administrative judge to rule on particular brain tumors , including mine .
The Social Security Administration finally gave up years of denying my disability status .
A few months later , I received Medicare and employer - provided Medicare Advantage ( my former employer determined I was retired based on the SSDI ruling ) .
I finally began to receive those regular standards of great medical care .
And because of the Affordable Care Act , my younger daughter Sibel , a university student , was able to finally have health care until she turned 27 , thanks to her father 's excellent plan ( he's in the defense industry and has been working for the defense of the United States since 1988 , with presidential honors to prove it ) .
But that was then .
This spring , when I attempted to schedule the appointment for my annual MRI to check on Anastasia ’s growth and development .....
Well , it 's France or nothing .
Pardon my French ( which apparently Congress is going to make my new second language ) , Sen. Klobuchar , but WTF ?
My daughter Yasemin sacrificed her health and her quality of life for this nation .
My son - in - law
Tim gave years of his life fighting overseas in deployment after deployment after deployment .
My granddaughter Leyla , bless her heart , wandered from one household to another for 12 years of her life , living with me , her mother , and her father in turn .
She 's been through the hell of seeing her mother in distress and danger , in hospital beds and straitjackets .
She 's one of millions of American children who are the unsung heroes of our nation through their sacrifices and deprivations .
Leyla is an amazing and resilient young woman who deserves better than to lose her Nana ( her second mother ) because the United States of America -- the very country generations of her family have served in the military -- will not treat her Nana 's very - treatable health troubles .
And need I say that I earned health care , too ?
I raised Leyla so her parents could serve in the U.S. military for a total of 15 years between them .
I nursed Yasemin through a difficult C- section while she was a navy radar operator and through her multiple post- military - injury suicide attempts and medical treatments for injuries to her legs .
When she came home , I took Yasemin to her VA appointments and fought alongside Sen .
Ted Kennedy ( before he himself became ill ) to reallocate existing VA funding streams to county agencies and medical clinics and hospitals that served U.S. military veterans when they could n't get into under - resourced and understaffed VA hospitals and clinics and failed to receive mental health care for PTSD and other issues related to their military / war service .
I helped get a VA hospital / clinic annex established in Raleigh so that vets do n’t have to travel 60 - 90 miles to VA hospitals in Durham and Fayetteville .
I fought for VA - funded temporary housing for homeless military - service vets and then for VA - subsidized permanent housing for those vets and their families .
I fought for coordinated care services that ensure veterans here in Wake County , North Carolina , received medical care , transportation , access to medication , and support services that ameliorated need for county - and state - based Child Protective Services and law - enforcement responses to domestic abuse situations in Wake County , North Carolina .
( Those efforts , by the way , became the model for county - and municipal - based military / veteran assistance programs throughout California and really should be the model for every county in every state in our country . )
As our nation debates whether Americans are human beings worthy enough for quality and affordable health care that 's accessible to all of us , please keep in mind that my family and countless other families have sacrificed over and over .
And over again .
Thousands and thousands of our military - service members never came home at all -- but their families should be cared for .
We deserve better than to be told , " Meh . Go to France , you fat , tumor - riddled loser , " for health care after we served the United States of America through our work and our sacrifice and our citizenship / residency and our tax payments .
I know we deserve better .
I know we can do better .
I beg you , Sen .
Klobuchar , to continue the fight for those of us who have earned and certainly deserve basic human rights of affordable , accessible , and quality health care .
Without going to France , India , the Czech Republic , Poland , or many other countries around the world that have established lucrative " medical tourism industries " based on the moral bankruptcy of a supposedly first - world country that refuses to take care of its own .
I live in the United States of America , growing up on the Great Plains of Minnesota and South Dakota .
I played tag with my siblings , cousins , and friends in the soybean fields ; I detassled corn to provide the seeds that are planted in cornfields to this day .
I hauled rocks out of the rich prairie ground and loaded them on flatbed trailers so that we could till the fertile Midwestern soil and plant the crops that feed our country and provide exports that bring wealth to our nation .
I raised my children here , just as my American - born and immigrant ancestors did , and I helped my immigrant husband and immigrant in - laws become proud citizens of the United States of America .
I want to die in the United States of America , my home and the home of so many people who taught me to work hard , be kind , and wear glasses when I need 'em .
Please do all you can — and all you can convince your Congressional colleagues to do — to keep me from having to pack up Anastasia the Adenoma and leave my country and my family .
To let me live many more years and die where my family has toiled the land , worked the Midwestern meatpacking factories , built the post - war housing and the skyscrapers of the Twin Cities , and buried its flag - draped coffins in cemeteries like those in Lismore and Cottage Grove and Moose Lakes .
I want to be here for my U.S. Navy child Leyla and my U.S. Marine nephew Marcos , and for their children and the children who come after them .
I deserve that .
All of us deserve that .
Thank you for the work you ’re doing , Sen. Klobuchar .
Please continue to fight for what ’s right and decent — to “ promote the general welfare ” that the preamble to our U.S. Constitution promises us as We the People of the United States .
For a more perfect union ,
MsSpentyouth
HAMURABI .BAS July 27 , 2010
Back in the 1970s , David Ahl wrote a new game program each month for Creative Computing magazine .
Those were the days of all - caps teletypes ( if you were rich you could get a new - fangled “ glass teletype ” ) and punched paper tapes ( it was fun to play with the confetti they made ) .
MS - BASIC permitted twenty - six single - letter variable names ; later they also allowed a single letter followed by a single digit .
There were no user - defined functions and no recursion .
GOTO was common , resulting in a phenomenon called “ spaghetti code . ”
There was good news , however : it was acceptable programming practice to GOTO the middle of a FOR loop and run the code there , as long as you jumped back out of the loop before the corresponding NEXT — try to do that in your favorite functional language !
One of Ahl ’s most memorable games was Hamurabi , in which the player took the role of the administrator of the ancient city of Sumeria , managing the grain and land resources of the city and trying to keep the residents from starvation .
It is typical of the genre , with simple numeric input and scrolling text output .
Here is a description and sample game , and the original BASIC source code is reproduced on the next page .
By my count , there are fourteen lines that are unreachable except by an IF … THEN , GOSUB or GOTO , forty - three lines that redirect control flow away from the line below , and four instances ( line 555 to 215 , bypassing line 210 , 453 and 479 to 440 , bypassing 430 , 441 to 511 , bypassing 510 , and 880 and 885 to 565 , bypassing 560 ) of jumping into the middle of a block of code ; that ’s a fine bowl of spaghetti , considering the entire program is only 120 lines .
Variable P represents the current population , S is the number of bushels in stores , and A is the number of acres of farmland owned by the city , but other variables are used inconsistently — for instance D sometimes represents the number of deaths in the current year , but other times it represents the current input value , and other times Q is used to represent the current input value .
Your task is to reimplement HAMURABI .
BAS in a more modern computer language .
Do n’t peek at the solution unless you want to deprive yourself of the sheer joy of working out the spaghetti code and figuring out what the variables really stand for .
When you are finished , you are welcome to read or run a suggested solution , or to post your own solution or discuss the exercise in the comments below .
The collections at The Art Institute of Chicago are encyclopedic in their range and diversity .
Like the museum itself , you can not see everything in one day .
On any online museum collection , I naturally gravitate to the drawings and prints ; these are my favorite works to view online .
Here is a brief synopsis of the Drawing and Print collection at AIC :
The Department of Prints and Drawings houses a distinguished collection of works on paper ranging in date from the 15th century to the present .
With holdings of 11,500 drawings and 60,000 prints , the collection includes particular strengths in French 19th - century prints and drawings ; British , French , and Italian drawings ; Old Master prints ; extensive 20th - century holdings ; and a constantly growing collection of contemporary works on paper .
Because works of art on paper are sensitive to light , they are exhibited on a rotating basis .
I have chosen a selection of works that exemplify the quality and excellence of this collection .
Ernst Ludwig Kirchner , Portrait of Otto Mueller ( 1915 )
Jost Amman , The Tournament ( 1565 )
Odilon Redon , Portrait of Ari Redon ( c. 1898 )
William H. Bradley , The Modern Poster ( 1895 )
Umberto Boccioni , Woman ’s Head ( 1909 )
Théodore Caruelle d’Aligny , The Acropolis of Athens ( 1845 )
Arshile Gorky , The Artist ’s Mother ( 1926 or 1936 )
Mary Cassatt , Woman Bathing ( 1890/1891 )
Gustave Moreau , La Peri ( Mythological Subject ) ( 1865 )
Samuel Amsler , Portrait of Karl Philip Fohr ( 1818 )
Edmond - François Aman-Jean , Reverie ( c. 1900 )
Cherubino Alberti , Saint Jerome in the Desert ( c. 1575 )
Hyacinthe Louis Aubry - Lecomte , Agandecca , French Warrior , Starno ( 1821 )
Georgia O’Keeffe , White Shell with Red ( 1938 )
Ivan Albright , Hail to the Pure ( 1976 )
Heinrich Aldegrever , Bathsheba at the Bath ( 1535 )
Ivan Albright , Mt. Semeru , Jadka - kura , Java , ( 1969 )
Heinrich Aldegrever , Bernard Knipperdolling ( 1536 )
The Art Institute of Chicago Collections
SMOKE OUT : Green Side Up Gallery owner Matthew Yaffe ( right ) was licensed by the city .
So why , asks Scott Matalon ( left ) , did the cops arrest Yaffe and take his stock ?
SMOKE OUT : Green Side Up Gallery owner Matthew Yaffe ( right ) was licensed by the city .
So why , asks Scott Matalon ( left ) , did the cops arrest Yaffe and take his stock ?
Who is responsible for the wave of " functional glass art " shop raids that has recently taken place throughout Allston ?
Since April , Wildside Gallery , The Joint , and Green Side Up Gallery were raided by police and shut down for selling what the issued search warrants call " paraphernalia . "
" I can't remember the last time merchants were closed down in the neighborhood , " Scott Matalon , owner of Stingray Body Art and a director of Allston Board of Trade ( ABOT ) , tells the Phoenix by phone .
Matalon and ABOT got involved with the issue after both Wildside and The Joint were shuttered , since it seemed that no other similar shop outside of Allston had been cited .
Further research by the Phoenix has not turned up a similar raid in any other Boston neighborhood .
According to Matalon , after the first two raids , ABOT asked a Boston Police community liaison from District 14 to attend one of its meetings .
The liaison reassured ABOT that there was no targeting of local businesses , and that Boston Police were concerned with safety hazards , electrical compliance , and licensing issues .
There 'd been no criminal charges filed against either business , and other local business owners were told they were in no danger of being targeted as long as their licensing and signage was in order .
But then on June 16 , Green Side Up Gallery was raided , $ 50,000 worth of stock — its entire inventory — was confiscated , and owner Matthew Yaffe was arrested and charged with distribution of drug paraphernalia .
Yaffe had worked with the city for three months to make sure he was properly licensed and compliant with city and state codes .
A Phoenix review of the search - warrant applications filed for the raided businesses found that " under the direction of Sergeant Detective James Fong , " local District 14 has been " conducting investigations into illegal Head Shops " and that investigating officers went to tobacconist LJ Peretti Co. , who told them that there was " no legitimate purpose for non-conventional pipes such as glass or porcelain . "
Of course , others would disagree .
Toni , owner of Ritual Arts in Allston , considers her shop a " metaphysical supply store . "
She 's been in business for 27 years , supplying locals with goods to perform rituals in a wide variety of spiritual traditions .
" There are numerous herbs that are perfectly legal and used in ceremony for religious purposes that require smoking and have nothing to do with getting high , " she explains .
Since the raids , however , Ritual Arts has ceased selling pipes .
According to Massachusetts law , " paraphernalia " can include blenders , bowls , spoons , balloons , and envelopes .
Because a product 's intended use determines its paraphernalia status , police interpretation of the law plays a huge role in what 's prosecuted and what is n't .
" Intent is a slippery slope , " says Matalon .
" Intent is in someone 's mind .
We do n't have thought police in America .
" The city gave [ these business owners ] permits , " he adds , " and then the police interpreted a law to stop them from doing what the city said they could do . "
" The police keep saying that everybody knows what these things are for , " Yaffe 's attorney ( and ABOT member ) , Joshua Krefetz , tells the Phoenix .
" But not ' everybody ' is on trial .
Matthew Yaffe is on trial . "
Create a free account
Sign up for a free account , and start sending campaigns for as little as $ 9 / month .
World leaders " believe absolutely " that Israel may decide to take military action against Iran to prevent the latter from acquiring nuclear weapons , Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi said Saturday .
Iran is not guaranteeing a peaceful production of nuclear power [ so ] the members of the G - 8 are worried and believe absolutely that Israel will probably react preemptively , Berlusconi told reporters following talks with other Group of Eight leaders north of Toronto .
Open gallery view Members of the G - 8 meeting in Huntsville , Ontario on June 25 , 2010 Credit : AP
The leaders of the G - 8 , which comprises Britain , France , Germany , Italy , Japan , Russia , Canada and the United States , devoted much of their two - day session to discussion of the contentious nuclear programs unfolding in North Korea and Iran .
The leaders issued a statement on Saturday calling on Iran to " respect the rule of law " and to " hold a " transparent dialogue " over its nuclear ambitions .
In their communiqué , the leaders of the world 's richest countries said they respected Iran 's right to a civilian nuclear program , but noted that such a right must be accompanied by commitment to international law .
" We are profoundly concerned by Iran 's continued lack of transparency regarding its nuclear activities and its stated intention to continue and expand enriching uranium , including to nearly 20 percent , " they said in a communique .
" Our goal is to persuade Iran 's leaders to engage in a transparent dialogue about its nuclear activities and to meet Iran 's international obligations , " adding that they urged the Islamic Republic " to implement relevant resolutions to restore international confidence in the peaceful nature of Iran 's nuclear program . "
Their conclusions followed Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's declaration late last week that Tehran was prepared to lay down its conditions to the international community regarding discussion of its nuclear program .
Today , virtually all of the free software available can be found in packaged form in distributions like Debian and Ubuntu .
Users of these distributions have access to a library of thousands of applications , ranging from trivial to highly sophisticated software systems .
Developers can find a vast array of programming languages , tools and libraries for constructing new applications .
This is possible because we have a mature system for turning free software components into standardized modules ( packages ) .
Some software is more difficult to package and maintain , and I ’m occasionally surprised to find something very useful which is n’t packaged yet , but in general , the software I want is packaged and ready before I realize I need it .
Even the “ long tail ” of niche software is generally packaged very effectively .
Thanks to coherent standards , sophisticated management tools , and the principles of software freedom , these packages can be mixed and matched to create complete software stacks for a wide range of devices , from netbooks to supercomputing clusters .
These stacks are tightly integrated , and can be tested , released , maintained and upgraded as a unit .
The Debian system is unparalleled for this purpose , which is why Ubuntu is based on it .
The vision , for a free software operating system which is highly modular and customizable , has been achieved .
Rough edges
This is a momentous achievement , and the Debian packaging system fulfills its intended purpose very well .
However , there are a number of areas where it introduces friction , because the package model does n’t quite fit some new problems .
Most of these are becoming more common over time as technology evolves and changes shape .
Embedded systems need to be pared down to the essentials to minimize storage , distribution , computation and maintenance costs .
Standardized packaging introduces excessive code , data and interdependency which make the system larger than necessary .
Tight integration makes it difficult to bootstrap the system from scratch for custom hardware .
Projects like Embedded Debian aim to adapt the Debian system to be more suitable for use in these environments , to varying degrees of success .
Meanwhile , smart phones will soon become the most common type of computer globally .
need to be pared down to the essentials to minimize storage , distribution , computation and maintenance costs .
Standardized packaging introduces excessive code , data and interdependency which make the system larger than necessary .
Tight integration makes it difficult to bootstrap the system from scratch for custom hardware .
Projects like Embedded Debian aim to adapt the Debian system to be more suitable for use in these environments , to varying degrees of success .
Meanwhile , smart phones will soon become the most common type of computer globally .
Data , in contrast to software , has simple requirements .
It just needs to be up to date and accessible to programs .
Packaging and distributing it through the standardized packaging process is awkward , does n’t offer tangible benefits , and introduces overhead .
There have been extensive debates in Debian about how to handle large data sets .
Meanwhile , this problem is becoming increasingly important as data science catalyzes a new wave of applications .
, in contrast to software , has simple requirements .
It just needs to be up to date and accessible to programs .
Packaging and distributing it through the standardized packaging process is awkward , does n’t offer tangible benefits , and introduces overhead .
There have been extensive debates in Debian about how to handle large data sets .
Meanwhile , this problem is becoming increasingly important as data science catalyzes a new wave of applications .
Client / server and other types of distributed applications are notoriously tricky to package .
The packaging system works within the context of a single OS instance , and so relationships which span multiple OS instances ( e.g. a server application which depends on a database running on another server ) are not straightforward .
Meanwhile , the web has become a first - class application development platform , and this kind of interdependency is extremely common on both clients and servers .
and other types of distributed applications are notoriously tricky to package .
The packaging system works within the context of a single OS instance , and so relationships which span multiple OS instances ( e.g. a server application which depends on a database running on another server ) are not straightforward .
Meanwhile , the web has become a first - class application development platform , and this kind of interdependency is extremely common on both clients and servers .
Cross - platform applications such as Firefox , Chromium and OpenOffice.org have long struggled with packaging .
In order to be portable , they tend to bundle the components they depend on , such as libraries .
Packagers strive for normalization , and want these applications to use the packaged versions of these libraries instead .
Application developers build , test and ship one set of dependencies , but their users receive a different stack when they use the packaged version of the application .
Developers on both sides are in constant tension as they expect their configuration to be the canonical one , and want it to be tightly integrated .
Cross - platform application developers want to provide their own , application - specific cross- platform update mechanism , while distributions want to use the same mechanism for all their components .
such as Firefox , Chromium and OpenOffice.org have long struggled with packaging .
In order to be portable , they tend to bundle the components they depend on , such as libraries .
Packagers strive for normalization , and want these applications to use the packaged versions of these libraries instead .
Application developers build , test and ship one set of dependencies , but their users receive a different stack when they use the packaged version of the application .
Developers on both sides are in constant tension as they expect their configuration to be the canonical one , and want it to be tightly integrated .
Cross - platform application developers want to provide their own , application - specific cross- platform update mechanism , while distributions want to use the same mechanism for all their components .
Virtual appliances aim to combine application and operating system into a portable bundle .
While a modular OS is definitely called for , appliances face some of the same problems as embedded systems as they need to be minimized .
Furthermore , the appliance becomes a component in itself , and requires metadata , distribution mechanisms and so on .
If someone wants to “ install ” a virtual appliance , how should that work ?
Packaging them up as .debs does n’t make much sense for the same reasons that apply to large data sets .
I have n’t seen virtual appliances really taking off , but I expect cloud to change that .
aim to combine application and operating system into a portable bundle .
While a modular OS is definitely called for , appliances face some of the same problems as embedded systems as they need to be minimized .
Furthermore , the appliance becomes a component in itself , and requires metadata , distribution mechanisms and so on .
If someone wants to “ install ” a virtual appliance , how should that work ?
Packaging them up as .debs does n’t make much sense for the same reasons that apply to large data sets .
I have n’t seen virtual appliances really taking off , but I expect cloud to change that .
Runtime libraries for languages such as Perl , Python and Ruby provide their own packaging systems , which manage dependencies and other metadata , installation , upgrades and removal in a standardized way .
Because these operate independently of the OS package manager , all sorts of problems arise .
Projects such as GoboLinux have attempted to tie them together , to varying degrees of success .
Meanwhile , each new programming language we invent comes with a different , incompatible package manager , and distribution developers need to spend time repackaging them into their preferred format .
Why are we stuck ?
I suppose it is tempting , if the only tool you have is a hammer , to treat everything as if it were a nail .
– Abraham Maslow
The packaging ecosystem is very strong .
Not only do we have powerful tools for working with packages , we also benefit from packages being a well - understood concept , and having established processes for developing , exchanging and talking about them .
Once something is packaged , we know what it is and how to work with it , and it “ fits ” into everything else .
So , it is tempting to package everything in sight , as we already know how to make sense of packages .
However , this may not always be the right tool for the job .
Various attempts have been made to extend the packaging concept to make it more general , for example :
Portage , of Gentoo fame , offers impressive flexibility by building packages with a custom configuration , tailored for the needs of the target system .
Conary , from rPath , offers finer - grained dependencies , powerful revision control and object - oriented build recipes .
Nix provides a consistent build and runtime environment , ensuring that programs are run with the same dependencies used to build them , by keeping the relevant versions installed .
I do n’t know much about it , but it sounds like all dependencies implicitly refer to an exact version .
Other package managers aim to solve a specific problem , such as providing lightweight package management for embedded systems , or lazy dependency installation , or fixing the filesystem hierarchy .
There is a long list of package managers of various levels which solve different problems .
Most of these systems suffer from an important fundamental tradeoff : they are designed to manage the entire system , from the kernel through applications , and so they must be used wholesale in order to reap their full benefit .
In other words , in their world , everything is a package , and anything which is not a package is out of scope .
Therefore , each of these systems requires a separate collection of packages , and each time we invent a new one , its adherents set about packaging everything in the new format .
It takes a very long time to do this , and most of them lose momentum before a mature ecosystem can form around them .
This lock - in effect makes it difficult for new packaging technologies to succeed .
Divide and Conquer
No single package management framework is flexible enough to accommodate all of the needs we have today .
Even more importantly , a generic solution wo n’t account for the needs we will have tomorrow .
I propose that in order to move forward , we must make it possible to solve packaging problems separately , rather than attempting to solve them all within a single system .
Decouple applications from the platform .
Debian packaging is an excellent solution for managing the network of highly interdependent components which make up the core of a modern Linux distribution .
It falls short , however , for managing the needs of modern applications : fast - moving , cross- platform and client / server ( especially web ) .
Let ’s stop trying to fit these square pegs into round holes , and adopt a different solution for this space , preferably one which is comprehensible and useful to application developers so that they can do most of the work .
from the platform .
Debian packaging is an excellent solution for managing the network of highly interdependent components which make up the core of a modern Linux distribution .
It falls short , however , for managing the needs of modern applications : fast - moving , cross- platform and client / server ( especially web ) .
Let ’s stop trying to fit these square pegs into round holes , and adopt a different solution for this space , preferably one which is comprehensible and useful to application developers so that they can do most of the work .
Treat data as a service .
It ’s no longer useful to package up documentation in order to provide local copies of it on every Linux system .
The web is a much , much richer and more effective solution to that problem .
The same principle is increasingly applicable to structured data .
From documents and contacts to anti-virus signatures and PCI IDs , there ’s much better data to be had “ out there ” on the web than “ down here ” on the local filesystem .
.
It ’s no longer useful to package up documentation in order to provide local copies of it on every Linux system .
The web is a much , much richer and more effective solution to that problem .
The same principle is increasingly applicable to structured data .
From documents and contacts to anti-virus signatures and PCI IDs , there ’s much better data to be had “ out there ” on the web than “ down here ” on the local filesystem .
Simplify integration between packaging systems in order to enable a heterogeneous model .
When we break the assumption that everything is a package , we will need new tools to manage the interfaces between different types of components .
Applications will need to introspect their dependency chain , and system management tools will need to be able to interrogate applications .
We ’ll need thoughtfully designed interfaces which provide an appropriate level of abstraction while offering sufficient flexibility to solve many different packaging problems .
There is unarguably a cost to this heterogeneity , but I believe it would easily outweigh the shortcomings of our current model .
But I like things how they are !
We do n’t have a choice .
The world is changing around us , and distributions need to evolve with it .
If we do n’t adapt , we will eventually give way to systems which do solve these problems .
Take , for example , modern web browsers like Firefox and Chromium .
Arguably the most vital application for users , the browser is coming under increasing pressure to keep up with the breakneck pace of innovation on the web .
The next wave of real - time collaboration and multimedia applications relies on the rapid development of new capabilities in web browsers .
Browser makers are responding by accelerating deployment in the field : both aggressively push new releases to their users .
A report from Google found that Chrome upgrades 97 % of their users within 21 days of a new release , and Firefox 85 % ( both impressive numbers ) .
Mozilla recently changed their maintenance policies , discontinuing maintenance of stable releases and forcing Ubuntu to ship new upstream releases to users .
These applications are just the leading edge of the curve , and the pressure will only increase .
Equally powerful trends are pressing server applications , embedded systems , and data to adapt as well .
The ideas I ’ve presented here are only one possible way forward , and I ’m sure there are more and better ideas brewing in distribution communities .
I ’m sure that I ’m not the only one thinking about these problems .
Whatever it looks like in the end , I have no doubt that change is ahead .
If you ’re hardy enough to ride your bike right through the winter months then you deserve a decent pair of bib tights .
After all , if you ’re warm and dry you ’ll be much more likely to stick with a training programme or daily commute .
We ’ve ridden in everything from late autumn sunshine through to full - on frosts to test out some of the best designs on the market .
So whether you want the stylish , shorter style to take on a mid-winter trip away to sunnier climes , or need a weatherproof pair to see you through winter storms , you ’ll find something that suits your needs here .
Look out for features such as ankle zips , which will help you get them on and off with ease , and water resistant fabrics that will shed moisture .
If you ’re a fair - weather rider , a pair of cheaper fleecy leggings will see you through the coming months in comfort .
You can trust our independent reviews .
We may earn commission from some of the retailers , but we never allow this to influence selections , which are formed from real - world testing and expert advice .
This revenue helps to fund journalism across The Independent .
Stolen Goat climb and conquer : £ 125 , Stolen Goat
If you ’re the sort of rider who never stops whatever the weather throws at you then these are for you .
Designed for days when the temperature stays firmly below six degrees , they use extra - thick fabric to keep the wind and rain out , with a sumptuous Roubaix lining to make them ultra-comfortable on the skin .
A huge reflective panel across the lower back will help you stand out in the dark and there are more patches on the legs to keep you visible from the sides .
With a compressive fit , they do n’t give as readily as some designs so it might be a good idea to go up one size from your usual .
We found the seat pad to be perfectly comfortable , even on longer rides .
Stolen Goat will repair them for you should they suffer any minor crash damage in the first five years .
Endura FS260 pro thermo : £ 99.99 , Endura Sport
We really liked this pair , and if your winter riding is done mainly in cool but fairly dry conditions we think you will too .
That ’s not to say they ’ll let you down if it starts to drizzle as a durable water - repellent ( DWR ) coating means they will keep you dry .
There ’s a comfy seat pad , a Thermoroubaix lining to keep you toasty and ankle zips alongside reflective panels for extra visibility .
The fit is nicely body - hugging to help you cut through the air and the bib straps are wide enough not to dig in while you are racking up the miles .
They ’re a great price and wash well too , even after being caked in muck and road spray .
Altura DWR waist tights : £ 51.99 , Altura
Some find bib tights a pain as they can get in the way when it comes to natural breaks , while others find shoulder straps restrictive .
These leggings from north Yorkshire - based brand Altura are a great alternative .
They have a drawstring at the waist but are stretchy and form - fitting just like a pair of bibs .
Reflective stripes at the calves and thighs will help you be seen , and there ’s a DWR finish to keep drizzle at bay .
The lack of bibs means you should be able to use them well into the spring without overheating .
Rapha pro team winter tights : £ 210 , Rapha
The price of this pair might make you gasp , but they are worth the splurge .
They ’re exceptional quality with flat - stitched seams , windproof panels in the forward - facing sections and broad shoulder straps .
They are a nice tight fit and the seams are all cleverly positioned away from areas where they might rub or press while you ’re pedalling .
There ’s even a pocket for a race radio , just in case you were in any doubt you ’re wearing pro-level kit .
With no zips at the ankles , we found them easy to get on but a little harder to ease over our huge hooves when taking them off – having said that , you wo n’t want to take off a pair as good as these .
Proviz pixelite performance : £ 79.99 , Proviz
Being seen is the key to staying safe on the roads , especially on dark mornings and evenings .
This pair of bibs has bands of reflective dots plus extra panels at the thighs to pick up headlights and grab the attention of drivers .
The fit is more relaxed than many other pairs in our roundup , making them better suited to commuters rather than wannabe racers .
They have a lightly fleeced lining , an extended chest panel and windproof and rain resistant fabric to keep the weather out .
Ankle zips make them easy to get on and off , too .
Sportful bodyfit pro : from £ 74.99 , Wiggle
Super stretchy material makes this everyday pair of bib tights really easy to pull on and off .
The fleece - backed fabric feels wonderful on the skin , and Sportful ’s TC pro seat pad is a corker that will see you sitting pretty for hours in the saddle .
As usual with Italian - made kit , they size up a little smaller than UK brands and the front section does n’t come as far up the chest as some designs – so you might need a bit more protection there on really cold days .
There are reflective bands right around the knees plus ankle zips to aid entry .
Lusso termico : £ 99.99 , Lusso
There ’s a double - thick layer at the knees of this pair to keep your joints protected , and at the back of the knee is a big oblong of the Manchester firm ’s nitelife reflective material .
It ’s a great place to put the safety feature as drivers are more likely to spot the moving parts of your body as their headlights bounce off them .
We loved the feel of the slightly fleecy thermal fabric and found the wider - than - average shoulder straps really comfortable .
There ’s a water repellent coating to keep drizzle out , while the six - hour comfort seat pad is a real winner .
Buy these if you want a no - nonsense pair at a decent price .
dhb aeron lab all winter : £ 150 , Wiggle
Polartec ’s Windbloc fabric does an excellent job of keeping icy winter blasts at bay in this pair .
It ’s used in the main forward - facing sections , with a fleecy , stretchier fabric elsewhere , giving the tights a pleasing , almost two - tone look .
There ’s not much stretch in the fabric – something you ’ll notice when pulling them on – but we did n’t find it an issue once in the saddle .
We found them a bit looser in the seat area than some others .
You do n’t get any ankle zips or foot - loops , but you do get a decent Elastic Interface seat pad and a pair of broad shoulder straps .
Le Col pro bib : £ 180 , Le Col
Le Col founder Yanto Barker is an ex-racer , so he ’ll know a thing or two about hammering the training miles during the winter .
He ’s put his experience to good use with this excellent pair .
They ’ve got broader shoulder straps for added comfort , ankle zips to make them easier to get on and off , plus reflective areas at the bottom of the legs for safety .
You ’ll appreciate the water - shedding abilities of the DWR coating on the fabric , especially if you ride without mudguards , and the Blizzard thermal fabric will keep you warm as the training miles tick by .
There ’s a real high - quality feel to them and – like all the Le Col kit we have tested over the years – they should last you a good few seasons .
Cafe du cycliste Adrienne : £ 189 , Cafe du Cycliste
This green pair will certainly turn heads on your Sunday run .
Those three - quarter - length legs will stand out too , and are a great alternative to full - length versions , especially on warmer days .
As you would expect at this price , they are beautifully made and really comfortable , with a soft “ thermodream ” lining to keep you warm plus a water - resistant coating to help you to stay dry .
If green ’s not your thing then take a look at the navy or black versions .
Giro chrono expert thermal : £ 90.99 , Wiggle
The straps and chest section on this pair are made from a breathable mesh , making them ideal for anyone who finds standard bib tights a little too warm .
There are also some handy built - in cargo pockets where you can stash ride essentials .
We found the fit a little more generous than other pairs in our roundup , but the Italian - made thermal fabric performed well in cold weather .
You also get ankle zips , a few reflective highlights and a decent seat pad from Giro ’s own designers , backed up by the brand ’s 60 - day comfort guarantee .
The verdict : Men ’s winter cycling tights
We gave Stolen Goat ’s amazing climb and conquer pair our best buy after being blown away by their ability to keep out the winter rain and chills .
We ’re also big fans of reflective details on murky mornings , and this pair outshone all others in that department .
Not everyone will need something able to handle the extremes of our winter weather , though .
If that ’s you , take a look at the Lusso or Endura pairs if you ’re on a budget , or the Le Col or Rapha ’s if money is no object .
IndyBest product reviews are unbiased , independent advice you can trust .
On some occasions , we earn revenue if you click the links and buy the products , but we never allow this to bias our coverage .
The reviews are compiled through a mix of expert opinion and real - world testing .
So , I ’ve been wanting an apron for when I ’m cooking so I do n’t get my clothes all messy , and so all that bacon grease does n’t splatter right on me :-/
And thus , the idea for my cherry print apron was born !
I made the pattern entirely from scratch , so I ’m sorry I do n’t have actual patterns you can print to use .
I just took some postal wrapping paper ( I got a whole roll at my local 99 Cents Only store ) , folded it in half , cut the top and bottom parts , then unfolded and looked at what I had and it turned out nicely .
Next , I got about one yard of the cherry print fabric and 6 inches of the red fabric for the straps and pocket ( because it was 108 ″ long , I only needed a thin piece ) .
Well , let ’s get started , and please forgive me for having a couple blurry pictures tossed in .
You will need :
Sewing machine
LOTS of appropriately colored thread ( mine is red ; I had to buy more twice , so get more than you think you need )
Two complementing colors / patterned pieces of fabric .
About 1 square yard was used for the cherry print on mine , and 108 ″ by 6 ″
Enough lace to go around the bottom of your apron and any pockets ( I used about 1 yard )
Tailor ’s measuring tape
Rotary cutter
Scissors
Pins
Pattern for top and bottom of apron
Cutting mat ( optional , but very useful )
Long ruler ( for cutting straight with the rotary cutter )
Iron and ironing board
1 to 2 long zip ties ( to keep the top of the apron from slipping down and pooching , optional )
Wire cutters or strong scissors and a lighter ( for zip ties , not pictured )
Loop turner ( not pictured )
Getting Started
The embellishments
The skirt
The pockets
The top
Endgame !
Thomas Araguz III , a Texas firefighter who died battling a blaze on an egg farm , leaves behind more than just mourners :
His transgender wife Nikki Araguz of almost two years is now battling his family , which wants to keep her from getting any of his ( likely substantial ) death benefits .
With the usual scorn so often levied against trans people , Thomas ’ mother Simona Rodriguez Longoria says her son ’s marriage to Nikki is invalid because she was born a man , and Texas does n’t recognize same - sex marriage , blah blah .
Eight days after Thomas died , on July 4 , his family filed suit against Nikki , claiming further Thomas did n’t even know she was trans until after they married ;
Nikki says he was well aware she was born Justin Graham Purdue , and her non-fully formed male genitalia were removed in an operation after their wedding day .
( That she might be intersex and not trans throws a whole other wrench into this charade . )
Not helping things : Thomas ’ first wife Heather Delgado , and biological mother to his two children , is aiding the family in the battle against Nikki — who ordinarily would receive Thomas ’ benefits along with his children .
The family ’s attorney cites a 1999 law that says even trans people who change their gender remain , under the law , tied to their biological sex .
And of course there are the claims Nikki — THE SCARY TRANSGENDER WOMAN — “ deceived ” Thomas .
While Nikki and her late husband ’s family head back to court on Friday , a judge granted a temporary emergency restraining order barring Nikki from spending any funds tied to Thomas or even removing any property from their shared home .
In the end , nobody wins .
[ ABC News ]
Below is the public schedule of His Holiness the Dalai Lama .
All events are free and open to the public unless noted .
For ticketed events , people are requested to contact the organizers directly or visit the listed websites for further information on tickets .
For all teachings in Dharamsala , registration is required in order to attend .
Registration begins a few days before the actual start of the teaching and ends the day before the first day of the teaching .
Registration hours are from 9 am to 1 pm and 2 pm to 5 pm at the Branch Security Office in McLeod Ganj ( Bhagsunath Road near Hotel Tibet ) .
Kindly bring your passport for registration .
A nominal fee of Rs. 10 will be charged .
For your information , as a long - standing policy His Holiness the Dalai Lama does not accept any fees for his talks .
Where tickets need to be purchased , organizers are requested by our office to charge the minimum entrance fee in order to cover their costs only .
Please note that the dates given below are subject to change .
Live Webcast Teaching His Holiness the Dalai Lama will give a three - day teaching on Tsongkapa 's Essence of True Eloquence ( tangnye lekshey nyingpo ) and Chandrakirti's Entering the Middle Way ( uma jukpa ) on the mornings of October 2 , 3 and 4 , 2020 from 9 am to 10 am ( Indian Standard Time ) at the request of Taiwanese .
He will then field questions from the same group from 10 am to 10.30 am .
Those interested may watch the live webcast of the teachings in Tibetan with translation in English , Chinese , Hindi , French , Russian , Spanish , Vietnamese , Japanese , Mongolian , Korean , German , Portuguese and Italian on the official websites and Facebook pages of the Office of His Holiness the Dalai Lama .
People are requested to please follow their local social distancing rules while viewing the live webcast .
For further information please see www.dalailama.com/live
Live Webcast Talk His Holiness the Dalai Lama will give an online talk followed by a question and answer session as the chief guest of the 89th Birth Anniversary Program of Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam organized by the Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam International Foundation from 9 am to 10 am ( Indian Standard Time ) .
Those interested may watch the live webcast in Tibetan , English , Chinese and other languages on the official websites and Facebook pages of the Office of His Holiness the Dalai Lama .
People are requested to please follow their local social distancing rules while viewing the live webcast .
Should people be allowed to comment anonymously online ?
That question is currently making its way through the U.S. legal system .
A New York couple has issued dragnet subpoenas to Google and Yahoo demanding the identities of users behind 10 email accounts , 30 blog operators , website administrators , and the identities of anyone who had ever commented on those sites .
That 's hundreds of people !
Riding to the rescue of our privacy and freedom are our heroes — the EFF .
Miriam and Michael Hersh allege a " sweeping conspiracy led by family members and their acquaintances to accuse the Plaintiffs of mistreating their children and to cause a public controversy . "
This couple who , among other complaints , allege " intentional infliction of emotional distress " are the parents who made headlines in 2008 when news reports were published saying they had their then 16 - year - old son , Isaac , taken to a privately owned correctional institution in Jamaica .
But my concern is not with the reason people were writing the anonymous comments .
I ’m alarmed over the possible consequences to privacy because of these wide - sweeping " dragnet " subpoenas .
So is the EEF .
" The First Amendment protects individuals ' right to speak anonymously and forces litigants to justify any attempts to unmask anonymous critics , " said EFF Senior Staff Attorney Matt Zimmerman .
" Litigants cannot forcibly identify entire communities of online speakers -- which include many speakers who no one would claim did anything wrong -- simply because the litigants are curious . "
The EFF urges the court to protect privacy and anonymity .
The EFF 's motion to quash states , " Under the broad protections of the First Amendment , speakers have not only a right to publicly express criticism but also the right to do so anonymously .
Accordingly , the First Amendment requires that those who seek to unmask online speakers ( critics or otherwise ) demonstrate a compelling need for such identity - related information before obtaining such discovery .
No such need is implicated in this case . ”
If anonymity is allowed to be pierced in this case , it could change our lives .
Who would be targeted next ?
Trolls ?
Flamers ?
People who disagree ?
If this is allowed to go forward , users on Digg , Reddit , Stumble Upon , Twitter , Facebook , Windows Live Messenger , political commenters — users anywhere could be targeted next .
" Overbroad subpoenas targeting anonymous speakers without cause naturally creates a chilling effect that may discourage others from exercising their constitutional rights to participate in conversations that take place online , " said Zimmerman .
" We are asking the court to enforce these reasonable safeguards so that the rights of innocent speakers do not become collateral damage in a dispute between others . "
Apart from identity - related information , the Plaintiffs seek the content of stored communications with an ISP or electronic communications facility .
From Google , the Plaintiff wants all documents relating or referring to a list of sites , blogs , pages and / or groups .
From Yahoo , the Plaintiffs wants all documents relating or referring to http://geocities.com/saveisaac.
Furthermore , the Plaintiffs request all documents relating to and referring to , meaning email communications as well .
The EFF 's motion to quash concludes with : “ By targeting entire forums in which a wide range of topics are discussed , Plaintiffs attempt to take a shortcut through the legal rights of the forum hosts and their participants .
Fortunately , state and federal law bars such attempts . ”
We will be watching as this case could change history .
If comments are not libel or death threats , need the commenter worry about their life being probed and their identity revealed ?
Bronislaw Komorowski has been officially declared the winner of the Polish presidential election .
According to election officials the acting president won 53.01 % of the vote while rival Jaroslaw Kaczynski got 46.99 % .
Mr Kaczynski had initially accepted defeat based on an exit poll , but Mr Komorowski 's camp remained cautious .
Mr Kaczynski is the twin of former President Lech Kaczynski , who died in a plane crash with 95 others in April .
This run -off election was held after neither candidate gained more than 50 % in the first round in June .
At the scene Yesterday this looked cut and dried .
Just 15 minutes after an exit poll put him six points behind , Jaroslaw Kaczynski admitted defeat .
Then , as the results rolled in from the conservative towns and villages in the Polish countryside , it looked as if he might have spoken too soon .
By midnight he was ahead .
But as Warsaw and Gdansk reported their votes Mr Kaczynski fell behind again .
Bronislaw Komorowski will now be Poland 's new president .
But Mr Kaczynski has done far better than anyone predicted given his polarising legacy as prime minister .
Mr Komorowski is from the ruling Civic Platform party , while Mr Kaczynski represents the main opposition Law and Justice party .
The election has been dominated by a catastrophic plane crash .
Poland 's first couple - along with other leading political and military figures - died when their plane came down in Smolensk on 10 April as they flew to attend a memorial ceremony for the World War II Katyn massacre .
In an address to supporters earlier on Sunday evening , Mr Komorowski appeared optimistic about his chances of victory .
" Tonight we will open a small bottle of champagne and tomorrow we will open a big bottle , " he said .
" We thank everybody - the more so that it was an unusual campaign , a difficult campaign held in the shadow of catastrophe , " he added .
' Return to patriotism '
Urszula Gacek , a former senator from the Civic Platform party , told the BBC's World Today programme that many voters who supported the left - wing candidate in the first round had switched their allegiance to Mr Komorowski in the run-off .
It was due to the work and service of my brother that a new quality in Polish public life emerged Jaroslaw Kaczynski Profile : Bronislaw Komorowski
Jaroslaw Kaczynski , who was prime minister in 2006 - 2007 , initially admitted defeat and said the elections were a " great rehearsal " for regional polls later this year and parliamentary elections in 2011 .
" We have to continue changing Poland .
We have to continue to be mobilised , we must win , " he said .
He paid tribute to his brother , and others who died in the crash , saying : " A movement has emerged from their martyrs ' death .
" It was due to the work and service of my brother that a new quality in Polish public life emerged , a return to value , a return to patriotism , everyone in the campaign had to adhere to that , " he said .
Mr Kaczynski is seen to have ridden a wave of public sympathy after the tragedy and his popularity has grown considerably .
The BBC's Adam Easton in Warsaw says the result should mean a rare period of political stability for the country , with the prime minister and president from the same party .
Mr Komorowski's party favours market reforms and engagement with Poland 's European Union partners .
As president , he would be unlikely to use his power of veto over the government 's plans to introduce structural and economic reforms , our correspondent adds .
Mr Komorowski won 41.5 % in the first round and Mr Kaczynski 36.5 % .
Eight other candidates were eliminated .
La célébration de but la plus étrange du monde
vidéo En Islande , quand un joueur réussit un pénalty sur une " panenka " , il est d'usage de célébrer ce but par un petit rituel très simple : l'heureux buteur attrape une canne à pêche fictive , s'en sert pour ferrer un coéquipier , lequel doit être un expert dans l'imitation du poisson frétillant .
Puis il le remonte , et pose avec ses collègues portant la bête , pour une photo fictive .
C'est tellement plus créatif que de faire l'avion ...
Start seated and connect to your feet with a simple massage .
As you move to standing , explore how to find center and stabilize in balancing poses .
Props : none
It is my birthday now !
I am 30 years old , holy crap .
My first act as a cranky old man will be to go to bed .
Special birthday strip runs Friday , regular QC resumes Monday .
Gamestop is holding some of that ‘ exclusive pre-order ’ stuff with Sonic Colors , unlike most of their crappy DLC exclusives ; this one is a physical item .
A creepy Sonic hat , to wear when you have your furry orgies .
I ’m sure deep down inside SEGA knows that 90 % of the Sonic fanbase is odd furry people and they will love this .
But , I have to admit , its nice seeing a ‘ physical ’ free object for pre-order .
You can pre-order the game on their site and it will ship with the hat .
[ Thanks : ShadiWulf ]
There 's a sentence David Ford hears a lot from people who love his music , one he 's become resigned to hearing .
It 's this : " You 're the best singer - songwriter no one 's ever heard of . "
" You know , that 's going to be on my tombstone , " he says .
The 32 - year - old from Kent is about to release his third solo album , Let the Hard Times Roll , and he 's resigned to this new tag .
He 'd been a member of the group Easyworld , whose singles regularly grazed the charts , before they split and Ford went solo .
" I spent a couple of albums being the next big thing , " he says , " and people got wise to that , and then it was , ' You 're never going to hear this , but it 's quite good . ' "
Ford writes intimate , fragile love songs that can wrench tears from your eyes , and he writes hook - filled singalong anthems , too .
Watch him singing Go to Hell on YouTube : it 's an extraordinary , one - take performance of Ford simultaneously playing acoustic and bass guitar , drums , piano , and backing and lead vocals , thanks to his loop generator .
You marvel at a world in which this man is not selling thousands of records .
" I 've never been blessed with great attention on the radio , or indeed in the press , but I do n't care , really , " he says .
" It does n't affect my ability to do my thing .
If I mysteriously have a hit record , that 'd be great , but that 's not the aim , and it never was .
I want to make the best records I can , and if that on a mass level reaches a lot of people , it should be a by - product of making a record , rather than the purpose of making the record in the first place . "
So we 've got that cleared up , but he 's taking issue with the singer - songwriter bit of that epitaph .
" Of course I sing and I write songs , " he says , " but it seems like the brand ' singersongwriter ' is a genre , rather than just what you do these days . "
He cites his biggest influences as Bruce Springsteen ( " at his zenith " ) , Tom Petty and Tom Waits .
" They 're singer - songwriters , but they 're not ' singersongwriters ' .
Back then , being a solo artist did n't mean you were strapped into a genre that means ' acoustic guitar troubadour ' .
A small part of what I do is singing songs and playing acoustic guitar , but at the same time I also like to throw scrap metal down the stairs and hit bits of wood against each other , and shout , and distort things , and just try and sonically accompany my ideas .
I 'm not saying I 'm better than people who sing songs with guitars – it 's just not what I think I do . "
His new album was funded , created , recorded and produced by Ford alone in his home studio .
He wrote the songs during the latter part of 2008 when the economy was " hurtling into a ravine " ; he wanted to focus on the things that are " recession - proof " and to find beauty and positivity in very difficult circumstances .
It might be inspired by the world 's financial turmoil , but perhaps , in its message and sense of optimism , there 's a touch of Ford 's own struggle with the world .
" You develop a thick skin being a musician , particularly a musician who 's been going as long as I have in a manner some would consider unsuccessful commercially , " he says .
" It 's been very strange these last few years : I 've found myself becoming stonier as an individual .
I 'm much more able to roll with the punches and get over things .
Maybe I 'm less emotional as a person .
Some of the sensitivity may have abated and been replaced with more guts and dirt .
But I 've always liked guts and dirt . "
Let the Hard Times Roll is released on Monday on Magnolia .
David Ford plays Koko , London , on 8 July .
This past weekend a middle - aged professional academic who plays Everquest II as a serious hobby reported losing a mother lode of gaming loot – Ã ‚ Â worth USÃ‚Â $ 1,000 in the cyber underground – Ã ‚Â to data thieves .
Ã‚Â LastWatchdog wrote this letter to the player ’s guild explaining the backdrop .
Names of the guild and player are kept anonymous to preserve privacy .
Dear ( guild name ) :
Sorry to hear about ( gamer ’s name ) Ã‚Â loss .
Sadly , I ’m not surprised .
The cyber underground has advanced to the point where keystroke loggers are routinely included in automated cyber attacks that revolve around foolingÃ‚Â even tech - savvy individuals into clickingÃ‚Â on tainted URLs .
Stolen logons flow to different criminal specialists such as corporate spies , online banking hijackers and gamer looters .
Gamer logon thieves have been active since at least 2005 ; the corrupting of the Miami Dolphins stadium website just before the 2007 Superbowl was carried out by a gang of data thieves primarily seeking Lineage logons .
Smart hacks
Gamer thieves often ferret out gamer logons via “ drive - by downloads . ”
They crawl the web in search ofÃ‚Â popular websites that will permit them toÃ‚Â invisibly corrupt an “ iFrame ” so that it runs malicious code .
If you visit that website , a malicious program runs invisibly in your browser looking for any unpatched browser vulnerabilities — or anyÃ‚Â Adobe Acrobat Reader vulnerabilities , since that app runs on 95 % of browsers .
The attack code is smart enough to check what browser you ’re using and run through a complete list of known , patchable vulnerabilities , looking for the ones you have n’t yet patched .
The cutting - edge attack codes look for zero - day vulnerabilities – Ã‚Â freshly - discovered flawsÃ‚Â for which there areÃ‚Â no patches yet .
As soon as the attack code finds a vulnerability , it exploits the security hole .
It swiftly implants a tiny wormhole , called a Trojan downloader , and you ’re owned .
Through this wormhole the attacker will implant a keystroke logger .
These are no longer crude programs that capture all your keystrokes .
Instead , they stay dormant most of the time , waking up only when you navigate to any account logon page ; they quickly grab and transmit your logons to the bad guys , then go back to sleep .
In the past year or so , these type of malicious attacks , that essentially turn over full control of your machine to the attacker , Ã‚Â have expanded exponentially via Black SEO .
This is the black art of causing malicious URLs to turn up high in the rankings of search queries for celebrity news and other hot topics .
Click on a bad URLÃ‚Â and you will arrive at a webpage pre-loaded with a driveby download .
What ’s worse , these attack techniques in recent months have been extensivelyÃ‚Â adapted to Facebook messages and wall postingsÃ‚Â and Twitter microblog postings .
The botnet quotient
None of this seems likely toÃ‚Â slow down anytime soon because these attacks run off botnets .
In addition to stealing your logons , the badguys willÃ‚Â send a botnet management program through the wormhole and deeply root it onto your harddrive .
You are now a bot , and part of a bot network under the control of the attacker .
From time to time , your machine will receive a command to join 5,000 or 10,000 other PCs dispatched toÃ‚Â spread spam , participate in denial of service attacks and perform other criminal tasks .
The big time botnet operators control hundreds of thousands of botted PCs .
Law enforcement and / or regulators would have to cut off tens of millions of infected consumer PCs and workplace PCs to materially Ã‚Â slow botnet activities .
Here is a chart showing the pervasive daily activity level of the major spam - spreading bots .
Each color represents spam generating activity levels of a major botnet :
Reducing your exposure
One way gamers can minimize exposure to malicious attacks is to dedicate a PC exclusively to gaming .
Never use the browser on that machine to do search queries , social networking , online banking , or anything else .
If you ’re not quite ready to go as far as that , then you ought to :
InstallÃ‚Â all Microsoft and Adobe software updates as soon as they become available .
Keep your firewall up and Ã‚Â your antivirus suite updated .
Use webpage health scanning plug-ins , such asÃ‚Â McAfee SiteAdvisor or AVG LinkScanner or , better yet , both simultaneously .
These free scanners willÃ‚Â block you from navigating to known or suspected bad URLs .
In general , be ÃƒÂ¼ber - circumspect about the links you click on , especially those in search results , instant messages , e-mails , Facebook messages and wall postings and Twitter Tweets .
These best security and privacy practices actually hold true for anything and everythingÃ ‚Â you do online .
Hope that ’s helpful .
Regards ,
Byron Acohido
June 14th , 2010 | Imminent threats | Top Stories
What ’s a labor union when the boss is the government ?
Young Chinese workers are acting to find out .
Keith Richburg highlights , today at The Washington Post , the class consciousness rising and brewing to steam in China :
Shifting demographics , including years of effective population control through the government ’s “ one child ” policy , have left China short of younger workers , particularly in the crucial 15 - 25 age group that many factories rely on most .
These young workers do n’t have to travel far from home like their parents did to find work .
They are more aware of their rights .
And having grown up in a more prosperous China , they are demanding a fairer share . [… ]
These young workers are asserting those rights in the form of work stoppages , slowdowns and demands for higher wages and shorter hours .
The unrest was highlighted by a strike that began May 17 at Honda ’s transmission factory in the city of Foshan , where hundreds of workers walked off the job .
The Japanese carmaker had to shut its four assembly plants in China . [ … ]
In mid-2008 , China introduced a labor law that allows workers with grievances to file complaints and opens a new mechanism for mediation .
Publication of the law probably made workers more aware of their rights , experts said .
Since the law went into effect , the number of known complaints has doubled to about 700,000 , and they “ are going up even faster now , ” said Mary Gallagher of the University of Michigan , an expert on Chinese labor .
Businessmen and academics predict that the wave of unrest would probably increase , mainly because of China ’s shifting population trends . [ … ]
The labor unrest poses an acute challenge to China ’s ruling Communist Party and a dilemma for the All - China Federation of Trade Unions .
That group , China ’s only officially sanctioned union , is supposed to represent workers but in practice has worked more as a partner with the government to enforce labor discipline and keep production high .
The Economist , in an article this last weekend , featured the growing movement — noting that “ strikes are a big problem for the government ” because “ they are the managers ” .
It notes that disputes are up dramatically , adding :
Strikes and protests at factories are becoming more common .
Outlook Weekly , an official magazine , reported in December that labour disputes in Guangdong in the first quarter of 2009 had risen by nearly 42 % over the same period in 2008 .
In Zhejiang , a province up the coast , the annualised increase was almost 160 % . [ … ]
Several workers complained that despite paying membership dues of around 10 yuan ( $ 1.50 ) a month , they had received virtually nothing from the union , least of all help negotiating with managers .
But their ability to keep up their strike for nearly two weeks seems to have rattled the government .
Normally worker protests dissipate rapidly , with unions usually taking the side of managers .
A few days into the Honda strike , however , the party ’s propaganda authorities secretly ordered the media to tone down their coverage .
They may well have worried that the Honda workers ’ tenacity could inspire others ( a brief strike did break out at a Hyundai car - parts factory on May 28th ) .
These articles are in light of Foxconn , a Taiwanese company , said “ it will hike wages for assembly line workers there by nearly 70 percent ” to the equivalent of roughly $ 290 per month , the AFP reports today , as awful publicity has followed “ a series of suicides at its factories in the southern Chinese city of Shenzhen ” .
The Shenzhen factories , “ with about 400,000 employees , make products for global companies like Apple , Dell and Hewlett - Packard ” , David Barboza reports at The New York Times today , experienced its 11th suicide this year .
The Chinese government limits overtime to 36 hours per month , but “ several workers interviewed here said they regularly exceeded that by wide margins ” , Mr. Barboza adds :
Sociologists and other academics see the deaths as extreme signals of a more pervasive trend : a generation of workers rejecting the regimented hardships their predecessors endured as the cheap labor army behind China ’s economic miracle .
Rather than take their own lives , many more workers at Foxconn — tens of thousands more — have simply quit .
In recent interviews here , employees said the typical Foxconn hire lasted just a few months at the factory before leaving , demoralized .
They complain about military - style drills , verbal abuse by superiors and “ self - criticisms ” they are forced to read aloud , as well as occasionally being pressured to work as many 13 consecutive days to complete a big customer order — even when it means sleeping on the factory floor . [ … ]
Sociologists say China ’s new generation of migrant workers — many of them born in the 1990s — are better educated and more conscious of their rights .
And their ambivalence about factory life coincides with a demographic shift that has resulted in a decline in the number of young people entering the work force .
Obviously , suicide is a radical act and one ’s job , alone , is never the root cause .
Mr. Barboza adds that the specific workers had other issues directly harming their psychological well being and settlements with suicide survivors might have encouraged future suicides .
But it ought not be ignored that “ many of our lives are much more governed by non-governmental organizations — the workplace , our families , schools — than the state apparatus ” , as I recently noted .
Young people dominate this suicidal mini-demographic , but more encouraging , it dominates the extent of whatever solidarity movement is brewing in China .
Because there is no illusory separation of State of economy , the illusion that acquiring government power seems secondary to organizing and taking direct action .
How far this consciousness will take these young workers is a blank guess , but considering what they risk , I hope that this spirit grows to change the zeitgeist and becomes an element of global inspiration for how new orders are developed .
When Will the U.S. Go the Way of Rome ?
When do you suppose the citizens of imperial Rome first realized that their way of life had tipped into inexorable decline ?
A few foresaw the impact of Caesar 's usurpation of the rule of law , marking his ascension as the beginning of the end .
Many more sounded the alarm when Rome 's fiscal balance spiraled out of control , debts multiplying faster than the ability to extract taxes from a dwindling base of productive citizens .
The plebeian masses , accustomed to bread and circuses , were probably oblivious until Rome was finally sacked .
Everything was fine yesterday , how did these barbarians arrive at our gates ?
A strange sign of the times has begun traversing America 's rural byways .
The sole purpose of this giant machine is to grind up paved roads leaving behind a trail of chopped asphalt and gravel .
Strapped county administrators are throwing in the towel , unable to maintain their road systems absent the flow of largess cut off from near bankrupt state and federal agencies .
Instead of reducing their carbon footprint by driving ecologically friendly electric cars these people will soon be riding horses .
The Sierra Club must be thrilled .
Large parts of Detroit are returning to the wild as abandoned sections of the city succumb to bulldozers .
Homes whose purchases were made possible by an unsustainable conflux of bloated union wages , liar 's loan mortgages , and easy Federal money are disappearing faster than Barney Frank can say " roll the dice . "
The response to these signs of decline ?
Our own aspiring Caesar and his phalanx of facilitators promise more , not less .
Free healthcare for all !
Free cash for not working !
Buy a car , buy a house , get a check !
Bottomless subsidies are being shoveled at environmental impresarios promising to save us from invisible gas by covering the land with windmills and algae farms .
Court economists scream that things will keep getting worse unless we tax , borrow , and spend our way back to prosperity .
Pay no attention to that deficit behind the curtain !
The " rich " will foot the bill !
Inequality is the root of all evil !
The malefactors of wealth that caused our misery will be brought to heel !
Every business that puts profits before people will be loaded with mandates , rules and regulations guaranteed to make life fair !
Alas , there is one thing that life has never been and will never be .
Fair .
The other day while out to dinner with a number of tech investors and entrepreneurs the conversation turned to a disturbing subject .
" What is your back - up country ? "
These people were n't kidding .
Property was being purchased .
Contingency plans were being made .
What will it take to make most people realize that the grand American experiment is tottering on the brink ?
The destruction of their life savings ?
The nationalization of vast industries ?
The high seas teaming with pirates ?
A humiliating military defeat at the hands of primitives in a far off land ?
Today 's barbarians do n't catapult rocks at city walls .
They hurl airplanes at skyscrapers .
They blow themselves up on trains and buses .
They hunt down merchant ships afraid to arm themselves .
Turning our own technology against us they fashion atomic bombs that can reduce a city to rubble a lot faster than a horde of marauding Visigoths .
Calling for a new world order subservient to the will of their desert god their teeming faithful do n't need to invade in order to conquer .
Why bother when their victims invite them to move in , collect welfare , and crank out babies ?
They fill the cities of emasculated Europe torching cars on weekends as a form of recreational protest that is not only tolerated but excused .
All the while their clerics preach hatred for the host countries that welcomed them .
A society that consumes more than it produces , rewarding the former and punishing the latter , is not sustainable .
A society that feels entitled to the good life without understanding where it comes from is delusional , rendering itself incapable of solving problems .
A society sapped of vigor , constantly apologizing for its way of life while extending moral equivalence to medievalism , cannot compete .
A society that refuses to label sworn enemies as such , responding to each new insult with an olive branch , will never be respected much less feared .
A society that gives up defending its way of life physically , morally , and intellectually will not last long in a hostile world .
Rome was the peak of civilization for a thousand years .
Will American find the strength to make it to 300 ?
A prominent Colombian journalist , who had been awarded a prestigious fellowship at Harvard University ’s Nieman Foundation to study conflict negotiation strategies and international criminal court procedures , has been barred from entering the United States to attend the program .
According to Nieman Foundation curator Bob Giles , Hollman Morris RincÃƒÂ³n was told by an official at the US Embassy in Bogota that he has been ruled permanently ineligible for a visa under the “ terrorist activities ” section of the Patriot Act .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ We were very surprised .
This has never happened before , ” Giles commented .
“ And Hollman has traveled previously in the United States to give speeches and receive awards . ”
Giles has asked the State Department to reconsider its decision , and the Committee to Protect Journalists has also expressed its concern .
“ We ’re frankly shocked , ” CPJ executive director Joel Simon stated .
“ We feel it ’s outrageous . ”
He said the State Department claimed to have discussed the issue with Morris but “ that ’s just not true . ”
Morris , whose independent TV news program Contravia has been critical of the ties between outgoing Colombian President Alvaro Uribe and illegal far - right militias , has served at times as an intermediary in hostage negotiations with the left - wing Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia ( FARC ) .
On the basis of those connections , he has been accused by Uribe of being “ an accomplice of terrorism ” and has been described as “ close to the guerrillas ” by Colombia ’s Minister of Defense — and now president - elect — Juan Manuel Santos .
Uribe has been a close ally for the last eight years of both the Bush and Obama administrations , and the US State Department lists FARC as an international terrorist organization .
Emptywheel at Firedoglake suggests a connection between the denial of a visa to Morris and the recent Supreme Court ruling that “ groups trying to teach terrorist organizations to engage peacefully might be judged to be materially supporting terrorists . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ While I do nÃ ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t think that Ã¢â‚¬â „ ¢s precisely what is going on here , ” she writes , “ the logical next step after treating counseling on conflict negotiations as material support for terrorism is to treat reporting on conflict negotiations as material support for terrorism . ”
When contacted by the Associated Press , Morris refused to either confirm or deny that he had been refused a visa , but he did refer to a document he had obtained which describes a campaign by the Colombian state security agency , DAS , to discredit him internationally .
According to Colombia Reports , “ In April , Morris was given files by the prosecutor general which allegedly belong to the DAS .
The files include Morris ’ photograph and address , and instructions such as ‘ Initiate a smear campaign at the international level , through the following activities … inclusion in FARC video , ’ and ‘ Request the suspension of visa . ' ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Last year , the Center for Investigative Reporting issue a report on the activities of Morris and his brother .
It explained that “ while the violent tactics of the left - wing guerilla movement , the FARC , have generated considerable press attention … a major component of that violence , by right - wing paramilitary groups , has gone largely unreported .
Founded some twenty years ago by landowners to combat the guerillas , the paramilitary groups have transformed into violent criminal enterprises financed through cocaine exports and kidnappings — much like the FARC itself . ”
“ Contravia has uncovered links between paramilitary leaders and high officials in Colombian politics and finance , ” the report continues .
“ Thirty senators and representatives in the Colombian Congress have been imprisoned because of their ties to the paramilitary death squads ; another sixty have been investigated .
ThatÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s a third of ColombiaÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s 268 member Congress , giving rise to a new termÃ¢â‚¬â€ Ã¢â‚ ¬ Ëœpara - politicaÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢Ã¢â‚¬â€ to describe the ongoing crisis as one top politician after another is accused of complicity with the para - military squads .
Most of those accused represent political parties that are part of the governing coalition led by President Alvaro Uribe . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from the Center for Investigive Reporting , posted March 26 , 2009 .
A study of 300 simulated court cases shows that experienced judges , lay assessors , prosecutors , police officers , and lawyers make decisions and convict defendants differently depending on whether they are men or women and what the defendant looks like .
Eyewitnesses to crimes are also affected by these factors .
This is especially pronounced if there is an extended period of time separating the crime and the testimony .
This is what Angela S. Ahola , Department of Psychology , Stockholm University , shows in her dissertation .
In her study of simulated short criminal cases , Angela S. Ahola shows that gender and appearance affect our judgments of personality , occupation , morals , and reliability and create a frame of reference for our behavior .
Among other things , it was shown that judges and lay assessors both assessed and judged accused individuals of the same gender as themselves more severely than the opposite gender .
On the other hand , prosecutors , lawyers , police officers , and law students , regardless of their own gender , evaluated male defendants more harshly than women defendants .
What 's more , among female members of this category , that is , those without a convicting role in the legal process , differences were seen in their evaluations depending on the looks of the accused .
" Most people have a need to get some conception of people they meet in everyday life .
This is normal in everyday life .
But if the same preconceptions , or so - called harmless everyday conceptions , play a role in the system of justice , this means that people are not equal before the law .
In that case , we lose part of the fundamental security that a functioning rule - of - law society provides , " says Angela S. Ahola .
Angela S. Ahola also demonstrates that it is not only people within the justice system that are affected .
A study of eyewitnesses to a fictive crime shows that male perpetrators are judged more severely than equally violent female perpetrators .
If two weeks goes by after the witnessing of the crime , gender plays an even greater role .
A man will be judged even more sternly than a woman , which means that when our memory does not serve , we tend to remember more in accordance with the image , or stereotype , we have in our minds .
Photographic evidence also turned out to have a reinforcing effect in judgments .
In the part of the study where psychology students were asked to play the role of lay assessors and judges , perpetrators accused of murder or arson were judged more harshly if the evidence was illustrated by crime scene photographs .
Angela S. Ahola maintains that these findings may be of importance regarding whether photographic evidence should be used in court , considering what an impact it can have .
" With these findings , the dissertation can be of practical use for our understanding of how the Swedish and perhaps other countries system of justice can be affected as regards witness testimony , assessment of evidence , and sentencing , " says Angela S. Ahola .
Adam posted this video last night .
It ’s the most important thing on this site , and it ’s only 2 - 1/ 2 minutes long .
What else is there to say , besides , Please watch it .
And look at the soldiers ’
Centurionlike shields , and their black getup …
The newly adopted GOP party platform in Montana says :
" We support the clear will of the people of Montana expressed by legislation to keep homosexual acts illegal . "
Not surprisingly , the platform also supports marriage as between one man and one woman .
The Texas GOP Platform recently came under fire for calling for the criminalization of homosexuality and imprisoning anyone who issues a marriage license to a gay couple .
BORED TO DEATH and EASTBOUND & DOWN to Return September 26
EDITORS , PLEASE NOTE :
The debut date for the new seasons of the HBO comedy series BORED TO DEATH and EASTBOUND & DOWN has been confirmed .
BORED TO DEATH kicks off its second season SUNDAY , SEPT . 26 ( 10:00 - 10:30 p.m. ET / PT ) , immediately followed by the second - season debut of EASTBOUND & DOWN ( 10:30 - 11:00 p.m. ) .
Starring Jason Schwartzman , BORED TO DEATH follows a struggling thirtysomething Brooklyn writer who pretends to be a private detective , solving some cases and making others worse .
Ted Danson and Zach Galifianakis also star .
Starring Danny McBride , EASTBOUND & DOWN tells the story of a star pitcher whose self - destructive behavior knocks him out of major league baseball , leaving him broke , delusional and desperate to regain his former glory .
WASHINGTON
–Six officers with the New Orleans Police Department ( NOPD ) were charged today in connection with the federal investigation of a police - involved shooting on the Danziger Bridge in the days after Hurricane Katrina , the Justice Department announced today .
The incident resulted in the death of two civilians and the wounding of four others .
The indictment charges four officers – Kenneth Bowen , Robert Gisevius , Robert Faulcon and Anthony Villavaso – in connection with the shootings , and charges those four officers and two supervisors – Arthur “ Archie ” Kaufman and Gerard Dugue – with helping to obstruct justice during the subsequent investigations .
The indictment alleges that officers Bowen , Gisevius , Faulcon and Villavaso open fired on an unarmed family on the east side of the bridge , killing 17 - year - old James Brissette , and wounding Susan Bartholomew , 38 ; Leonard Bartholomew III , 44 ; the Bartholomew ’s daughter , Lesha , 17 ; and the Bartholomew ’s nephew , Jose Holmes , 19 .
The Bartholomews ’ 14 - year - old son ran away from the shooting and was fired at , but was not injured .
The second shooting occurred minutes later on the west side of the bridge , where officers shot at brothers Lance and Ronald Madison , killing Ronald , a 40 - year - old man with severe mental disabilities .
The indictment alleges Faulcon shot Ronald Madison in the back as Ronald ran away .
Bowen is charged with stomping and kicking Ronald Madison while Ronald was wounded , but not yet dead .
Ronald later died at the scene .
“ As our investigation of the Danziger Bridge incident shows , the Justice Department will vigorously pursue anyone who allegedly violated the law , ” said Attorney General Holder .
“ Put simply , we will not tolerate wrongdoing by those who have sworn to protect the public . ”
“ In the days following Hurricane Katrina , the people of New Orleans were relying upon law enforcement to protect publ ic safety .
The officers indicted today are accused of abusing their power and violating their public trust .
Today ’s indictment exemplifies the department ’s commitment to aggressively prosecute any officer who violates the law either by engaging in misconduct or a conspiracy to deny justice , ” said Thomas E. Perez , Assistant Attorney General for the Civil Rights Division .
“ Today ’s indictment should serve as compelling evidence of our unswerving and unconditional commitment to achieve essential goals : to achieve true justice for any victims of the charged killings , shootings and abuse on the Danziger Bridge , and the alleged corrupt cover - up that followed ; to unmask and bring to justice those officers who according to the indictment abused their power in committing violent crimes against the unarmed citizens they were sworn to protect ; to restore the trust in the men and women of law enforcement who do serve the people and honor the badge ; and to make certain that no one should ever have to fear those whose job it is to protect them , ” said Jim Letten , U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Louisiana .
“ The charges announced in today ’s indictment show the commitment by the FBI to hold individuals who break the law accountable , regardless of their positions in a community or the circumstances under which the crimes occurred , ” said Kevin L. Perkins , Assistant Director of the FBI ’s Criminal Investigative Division .
“ One year ago , FBI New Orleans made a commitment to dedicate all the necessary resources to ensure this matter was thoroughly and fairly investigated to a logical conclusion .
Today ’s indictments indicate that we continue to honor that commitment , ” said David W. Welker , Special Agent in Charge of the FBI ’s New Orleans Field Office .
The four officers charged with killing civilians face maximum penalties of life in prison or the death penalty .
The officers face additional penalties for the remaining counts , which include charges related to a conspiracy to cover up what had happened on the bridge , and conspiracies to file charges against two of the victims , Lance Madison and Jose Holmes , on the basis of false evidence .
According to the indictment , officers at the scene of the shooting arrested Lance Madison and charged him with eight counts of attempting to kill police officers .
Officers collected no guns or shell casings on the day of the shooting , and 30 casings they collected more than a month later were allegedly fired by officers rather than civilians .
Madison was held in jail for three weeks , but was eventually released without indictment .
The indictment accuses Kaufman and Dugue of joining the other four defendants in a conspiracy to cover up what had happened on the bridge and to make the shootings appear justified .
Kaufman is charged with obtaining a gun from his home and claiming to have found the gun at the bridge on the day after the shooting , and with making up witnesses and then creating statements from the fictional witnesses to help justify the shooting .
Kaufman and Dugue are also accused of holding a meeting , in an abandoned and gutted out NOPD building , at which homicide sergeants instructed officers involved in the shooting to get their stories straight before giving formal audiotaped statements about the shooting .
Kaufman and Dugue , who concluded in a formal report that the shooting was justified and that Lance Madison and Jose Holmes should be arrested , are also accused of conspiring with each other and with other officers to have Madison and Holmes prosecuted on the basis of false evidence .
Kaufman faces a maximum penalty of 120 years in prison , and Dugue faces a maximum penalty of 70 years in prison .
Today ’s indictment follows guilty pleas from five former NOPD officers who admitted that they participated in a conspiracy to obstruct justice and cover up what happened on Sept. 4 , 2005 .
The officers include former Lieutenant Michael Lohman , former detective Jeffrey Lehrmann , and former Officers Michael Hunter , Robert Barrios , and Ignatius Hills .
The charges set forth in an indictment are merely accusations and the defendants are presumed innocent until proven guilty
This case , which is ongoing , is being investigated by the FBI ’s New Orleans Field Office , and is being prosecuted by Deputy Chief Bobbi Bernstein and Trial Attorney Forrest Christian of the Justice Department ’s Civil Rights Division , along with Assistant U.S. Attorney Julia K. Evans of the Eastern District of Louisiana .
On Tuesday , we posted that the first nightly ( experimental ) Cyanogen Mod 6 ( CM6 ) build for the EVO 4G was released the night before .
True to the name , CM6 has released a new build every night since , bringing bug and feature fixes .
After a number of you posted comments saying that you were running CM6 without any problems ( other than the known non-functional features ) , I decided to take the plunge .
The ROM still lacks a handful of features – such as 4G , FM Radio , and full MMS support .
Still , it seemed that the number of bugs was pretty low and I was dying to switch to FroYo .
This morning , my impatience won out , and I flashed it .
First things first : you ca n’t use this ROM if you ’re rooted via unrevoked – it just wo n’t work .
Sorry .
I had initially used Toast ’s method to do the first root ( part 1 ) , and then used SimpleRoot to do part 2 .
Either method works , as long as you do both parts .
Personally , I ’d suggest just sticking with SimpleRoot – as far as I know , it ’s the same as Toast ’s method , just automated .
Installation
Installation was simple , but I did have a hiccup .
Following the instructions on XDA , I wiped Dalvik and Cache , then installed in the order it said : CM6 , Radio , Google Apps .
When I booted up though , my phone still had the wallpaper I had been using previously , and while I had the CM6 lock screen and taskbar , the rest of the screen was black and the phone was unresponsive .
At David ’s suggestion , I went back and did a full factory wipe , then Dalvik and Cache , and then ran through the process again – and it worked .
All in all , the entire process took maybe 15 minutes total .
Once installed , my contacts all synced from my Google accounts , but would n’t link to my Facebook – I simply could n’t add a Facebook account to the phone .
As usual , the solution was to be found on XDA - Devs :
Originally Posted by jrgutier Here 's a quicker solution for Facebook .
None of this push and pull crap .
Cut and paste the following shell code to your CLI .
adb remount
adb shell sed - i 's/ro.product.name=htc_supersonic/ro.product.name=opal/g' /system/build.prop
adb shell sed - i 's/ro.product.device=supersonic/ro.product.device=sapphire/g'
/system/build.prop
adb shell rm / system/ app/Facebook.apk
adb reboot
Let it restart , then install Facebook from Market if you have n't already .
Sync will work , a lot less effort .
That fixed the problem , and all my contacts ’ pictures were pulled onto my phone .
Last up , I reinstalled all my apps without a hitch .
Thoughts
I ’ve been using the phone pretty intensively since then – about 7 hours ago – and I ’m incredibly impressed .
FroYo is definitely noticeably faster than Eclair – especially the browser .
As an informal estimate , I ’d say the browser is at least twice as fast .
As everyone knows , FroYo is a Linpack monster – my scores went from about 7 MFLOPS with Fresh 1.0.1 ( Eclair ) to about 39 MFLOPS on CM6 ( FroYo ) – and 41 average after overclocking the CPU to 1.15 GHz ( the highest I ’ve hit is 45.876 ) .
I ’m a fan of minimalism , so ADW Launcher +
FroYo is a huge step up from Sense to me ( although I have to admit , I did enjoy the HTC Sense weather / clock widget ) .
After about an hour of putzing around , I think I ’ve nailed down my homescreen setup – down to 3 screens , organized ( at least to me ) , as well as some other interface tweaks :
So far , I ’ve only noticed two issues :
The camera does n’t work .
It ’s supposed to – I believe CM6 was the first FroYo ROM for the EVO that had a working camera – but for some reason , mine does n’t .
I ’m not sure if it ’s broken in the newest build or if it ’s just me – I ’m guessing the latter .
RoadSMS does n’t run .
Not sure if it ’s FroYo or CM6 itself , but it crashes every time I try to start it .
I ’m not really surprised that it does n’t work ( although I ca n’t articulate why ) .
The camera issue is the only real problem there , but it ’s certainly not a crisis for me .
In fact , the bigger issue for me is that battery life seems to be worse than it was with Fresh – but still better than stock .
It ’s hard to say how much shorter it is , but I ’d estimate my battery is draining 30 % faster – to the extent that I would be somewhat worried about making it through work ( 8 AM to 5 PM ) without having to juice it up a bit .
Still , all in all , I ’m definitely very happy I took the plunge .
Despite this still being a nightly build , I ca n’t help but recommend that people experimenting with ROMs ( or who are hesitant about flashing this ) give it a try .
From what I ’ve read , you can just flash each new nightly ROM without wiping – but I ca n’t say that from experience ( yet ) .
Minor Update : Cyanogen just tweeted the following : “ The battery - eater “ feature ” of CM6 for Evo should be better now . ”
[ Source : XDA - Devs , Cyanogen ]
Dissident Labour Chris Carter is not going anywhere and has no plans to quit his seat in Parliament .
Mr Carter was suspended from his party 's caucus today after writing an anonymous letter aimed at undermining Phil Goff 's leadership .
His single - page letter to selected Press Gallery political editors said union - based MPs would challenge Mr Goff over his " relaxed " stance on government plans to allow workers to cash in their fourth week of holiday which is against Labour policy .
The Labour Party council will meet on August 7 and decide if Mr Carter can remain a party member .
Mr Carter was the sole nomination for his Te Atatu electorate - which he won with a 5296 majority at the last election - but Mr Goff today said they would be reopened .
By stating he is staying on a by - election is averted .
Speaking on TV3's Campbell Live , Mr Carter said he was n't going anywhere .
" The people who voted me to serve them I will be serving them until the election , I will be there as a Labour MP , if my Labour title has been officially removed from me it will still stay with me .
" I will be supporting Labour 100 percent , they 'll have my vote .
I will be encouraging everyone to vote Labour at the coming election and it would be nice if I was the Labour candidate for the next election . "
Mr Carter said he remained " 100 percent " Labour and his attack on Mr Goff 's leadership was made out of loyalty not because he was angry at his demotion over his spending of public money .
" I 'm not sulking and I am not that sort of person ...
If I have to be the political casualty out of this , if this is the end of my political career then so be it . "
Asked why he behaved secretly rather than openly raising concerns with colleagues he said : " It does n't work that way at Parliament ... in a way I was hoping to get caught .
I am not stupid , I took the letters down ( to the mailroom ) myself .
I am not unhappy it 's happened . "
He was discovered when Mr Goff recognised his handwriting on the envelopes the letters were in .
Earlier Mr Carter told reporters that Mr Goff was a nice guy but not a winner .
Mr Carter said his letter was an attack on Mr Goff 's leadership .
" I no longer believe it 's possible for him to win the election , " he told reporters .
" I think I owe it to the people I represent and the people who voted for our party that we have a leader who can win the election .
" Look , Phil Goff is a very nice guy but he 's just not going to win and his latest flip - flop over the tradeable fourth week ... was the last straw for me .
Yes I was attempting to get a momentum going where our caucus would think about a leadership change and I am hoping that my actions will cause some of my caucus colleagues to reflect on something which I think almost all of them would come to the conclusion : that nice as Phil is he 's just not going to win . "
On TV3 Mr Carter said it was up to caucus who to replace Mr Goff with and would not name anyone but in his letter he suggested David Cunliffe would be happy with a leadership coup .
He had no leadership aspirations and his dream , which he conceded was over , had been to become foreign minister .
Mr Cunliffe has ruled out a leadership attempt before next year 's election and said Mr Goff had his " 100 percent " backing .
Mr Goff said there was no tension over his leadership .
" This is an action of an individual on his own .
He ( Mr Carter ) got no support and no sympathy from the Labour caucus . "
Earlier Mr Goff said Mr Carter had no future in the Labour Party he led .
He had been offered an opportunity to work himself back into favour after being sent to the backbenches .
MAIL ORDER : The anonymous letter delivered to Press Gallery this morning .
But after this ' ' unacceptable and stupid ' ' act , there were " no more chances " .
" Chris Carter 's future in the Labour caucus has come to an end . ''
Labour president Andrew Little said the party would consider Mr Carter 's future on August 7 and he was entitled to be heard .
JOHN SELKIRK CHRIS CARTER : " I just want to see Phil Goff gone . "
" The fact that the caucus has unanimously suspended him is a pretty compelling case . "
It is understood CCTV inside Parliament caught pictures of the person putting the letters into the mail system .
It claimed finance spokesman David Cunliffe was expected to challenge Mr Goff and deputy Annette King before the next election .
On the issue of cashing in a week 's leave , Mr Goff had said in an interview : '' Well , I do n't have huge objections to that , as long as the decision is freely arrived at by the worker , and the worker is not pressured to do it .
If you 've got that safeguard in , then if somebody chooses to do that , then I 'm quite relaxed about it . ''
'' The issue has brought to a head the growing discontent in the caucus with both Goff 's leadership and his poor polling , '' the letter said .
The letter - in an airmail envelope marked with the words '' Office of Minister of Finance , New Zealand ' ' but without a postage stamp on it , also reported that Manurewa MP George Hawkins would be challenged by a member of '' the Engineers Union ' ' with nominations due to close on September 1 .
'' George is threatening a by - election and since the party is broke there is panic in the ranks over this prospect , '' the letter said .
Mr Little heads the Engineering , Printing and Manufacturing Union .
Earlier Mrs King described the letter as ' ' a piece of malicious mischief ' ' .
She did not know who was behind it or whether it was another Labour MP .
She said the party hoped to uncover the culprit
'' As you know I 'm a former minister of Police and let 's say we 're following some leads . ''
Mr Hawkins did not rule out a challenge and when asked if he was threatening a by - election he replied '' come back in the New Year and I 'll tell you ' ' .
Asked if he knew of a challenge against him for selection , he said people always wanted to stand against him .
'' None of them have succeeded . ''
Mr Cunliffe ruled out a challenge to Mr Goff .
Mr Carter was demoted to the backbench and stripped of his foreign affairs role last month over his handling of the fall out from spending on his credit card when he was a minister .
- with NZPA
Washington observers may feel there is no obvious shortage of pro-Israel lobbyists in the city – but a group of leading American conservatives thinks otherwise and has set up a new campaign group to attack President Obama over his " anti- Israel " stance , U.S. website Politico reports .
The Emergency Committee for Israel presents a potent combination of Republican Party neoconservatives and Evangelical Christians .
The new groups board includes Weekly Standard Editor William Kristol and Gary Bauer , a former Republican presidential candidate who leads the group American Values , as well as Rachel Abrams , a conservative writer and activist .
Open gallery view Benjamin Netanyahu speaks to members of the Conference of Presidents of Major American Jewish Organizations in New York , on July 7 , 2010 .
Credit : AP
Were the pro-Israel wing of the pro-Israel community , Politico quoted Kristol as saying .
Bauer described the Obama presidency as the most anti-Israel administration in the history of the United States . "
Under U.S. law the group does not have to disclose the sources of its funding but has already raised enough to finance its first television advertisement , which launched a savage attack on Rep.
Joe Sestak , the Democratic Senate candidate in Pennsylvania .
The ad slammed Sestak for signing a letter criticizing Israels blockade of Gaza while declining to add his name to a defense of Israel circulated by powerful pro-Israel lobby AIPAC ( the American Israel Public Affairs Committee ) .
The group also attacked Sestak for appearing at a fundraiser for the Council on American Islamic Relations , which it said was an anti-Israel organization the FBI called a front group for Hamas . "
Does Congressman Joe Sestak understand Israel is Americas ally ?
the ads narrator asked .
This is just the opening shot in what the Emergency Committee for Israel intends to be a series of ads to sway congressional races across the U.S .
We want to be hard - hitting ; we want to get into the debate and shake things up and make some points in a firm way , said Noah Pollak , the group 's executive director .
Kristol said this group was inspired in part by another new group , the liberal J Street , which he said had shown the power of small organizations to influence the debate .
There are some who say theyre pro-Israel but arent really , he said , referring to J Street .
Then theres AIPAC , which is a wonderful organization , but one thats very committed to working with the administration , so they pull some punches publicly . "
KDE4
====
1.8.14
------
1 . Fix loading of kwin decoration / config under KDE4.9
KDE3
====
1.8.5
-----
1. Allow scrollbar sliders to be as thin as 5 pixels .
At this setting , sliders will be squared .
Gtk2
====
1.8.16
------
1. fix memleak with newer versions of cairo .
As most of you know , IIS is by default installed on C$ in Windows Server 2008 and there is no way to install it on any other drives .
The onl ...
The real estate market has morphed into a beast that is largely sinking the overall economy into the ground .
If we combine the commercial real estate market ( $ 3.5 trillion in debt ) with residential outstanding mortgages ( $ 10.3 trillion ) we arrive at a figure that nears the annual GDP of our country .
What makes the figure even more troubling is the amount of leverage found in the real estate market .
Many of these loans will default yet banks are maintaining the notion that at some point par value will be reached ; for many the par value scenario is the worst case they have mapped out , and this is highly optimistic .
We have created a real estate Frankenstein that now has a mind of its own and will do everything it can to stay afloat going forward , even at the expense of the real economy .
In fact , the real estate monster thinks it is the economy .
There is a flip side to housing values falling which seems to be ignored since most of the mainstream rhetoric is guided by the FIRE ( finance , insurance , and real estate ) experts .
The most obvious benefit is those looking to buy their first home do n’t need to put themselves into so much debt that they risk their entire financial future for a home .
The next subtle change is the amount of money diverted from housing related spending to other sectors of the economy .
This last change will take time to sink into the overall economy but there is definitely a benefit of moving away from an economy highly dependent on Wall Street finance and real estate .
If we look at the current nationwide situation , the amount of distressed loans is stunning :
I think that the above disaster in distressed mortgages is causing very little reaction because we have somehow adapted to the current shocking situation .
Over 10 percent of all U.S. mortgages are at least one payment behind and another 4 percent are already in the process of foreclosure .
This figure is incredible given the entire mortgage market is made up of over 51 million active mortgages .
In 2007 if you were to tell someone that prices in California would fall by 50 percent ( even 10 percent ) many would have ignored you .
Now , it is standard practice for the market .
As a country we are much too reliant on real estate .
Commercial real estate is the next tragic saga in the RE bubble bursting with prices already falling by 42 percent .
At one point , CRE values in the U.S. were up to $ 6.5 trillion ( now this was a rough generous estimate at the time ) .
Today , CRE values are down closer to $ 3 to $ 3.5 trillion ; this is roughly the same amount of CRE loans outstanding .
This has pushed defaults through the roof :
The exponential rise is cause for serious concern .
There is little energy or political will to bailout the enormous CRE market .
This probably wo n’t stop the Federal Reserve and U.S. Treasury to game the system yet again and put taxpayers on the hook .
They created this massive monster and now want the public to fight it off with pitchforks .
The above chart is disturbing and the amount of bank failures we are seeing is directly related to the above trend .
Many smaller banks are deep in the trenches with CRE debt and much of this is now going bad .
How many strip malls do we really need ?
Maybe having 20 Taco Bells in a one mile radius probably is n’t such a good idea .
Many of the commercial projects were built in the anticipation of sky high residential prices to justify their absurd underwriting expectations .
The above results have no excuse and are largely a reflection of massive delusional speculation in all things real estate .
Now that expectations are coming more into line and the fantasy world of Alt - A , subprime , and option ARM loans are behind us , most people have to qualify to get a loan with actual real income which many are now finding less of .
Banks lending virtually all government money , are now beholden to stricter ( aka basic due diligence ) in order to give out loans .
Yet if we look at the negative equity situation , the real estate monster grows scarier :
Over 20 million mortgage holders are underwater .
It is amazing that a few years ago , Deutsche Bank estimated that at the ultimate trough of the housing market , nearly half of all mortgages would be underwater .
This “ doomsday ” scenario seemed extremely farfetched .
Today , another 10 percent nationwide price decline would put us there .
Even without prices declining further , having 20 million Americans underwater is not a good sign going forward .
You figure over 7 million people are one payment behind or in foreclosure .
But what about the other 13 million ?
This enormous group is basically a large cohort of renters but in a worse financial situation .
They are stuck .
In this market , renters are treated as second class citizens although they make up a large part of the market :
1 out of 3 people in the U.S rent their place of residence .
In states like California the number is closer to 1 out of 2 ( some counties have more renters than owners ) .
Yet there has been little discussion about this market .
There have been programs to defer or even help in paying for mortgages of those who lost their jobs but what about those who rent and lost their jobs ?
Who are we helping here really ?
If anything , this is a transfer of wealth to banks since many of these people will lose their home anyway .
I ’d be curious to see a breakdown of the “ official ” 15 million unemployed and their housing status .
Trying to keep housing prices at levels that were clearly unsustainable is bad policy going forward and is partly a large reason why the economy is still muddling through .
Most of the parts of this real estate Frankenstein show up in a few common states :
Nearly half of all the latest foreclosure filings came from four states .
The concentration of toxic mortgages in these states and also , the massive jump in prices is still hurting the market years after the bubble burst .
With the employment market weak and anemic , there is little reason to believe ( or even hope for ) higher housing prices .
This actually hurts those who will buy in the future and commits a large portion of their income to housing moving forward .
This also means they have little money to spend in other areas of this consumer based economy .
So this idea that we need to keep feeding housing is really a preoccupation and obsession that comes from the FIRE economy .
These bad habits are hard to change and so far , little has been done to change this .
Normally it takes drastic circumstances to change people ’s behavior .
You would think that the deepest recession since the Great Depression would do that but it has n’t .
People realize what needs to be done merely by intuition yet we have no Pecora to move the political wheels forward .
The deep capture of our government to Wall Street is stunning .
And because of this , we have a massive real estate Frankenstein walking around our country bumping into taxpayer dollars at every turn of the corner .
Did You Enjoy The Post ? Subscribe to Dr. Housing Bubble ’s
Blog to get updated housing commentary , analysis , and information .
The Best Of Bachelor Frog
Bachelor
Frog may be old news , but that does n't make it any less true or hilarious .
I 've compiled a handful of some of the best , and all of them are SFW .
All of the NSFW ones were pretty much just " BLAST IT WITH PISS " .
I 've never knowingly liked Sex and the City .
But I do like the cinema .
And last night , after a mildly long day , I decided to wander down to my local picture house and go for whatever was on .
The late showing was , alas , Sex and the City 2 .
I hesitated , as one would , but then decided that a couple of hours of this stuff might provide the sort of mindless distraction which can bring about relaxation .
I was badly wrong .
The film itself seemed to last about six hours , and not for the first time I found myself in a minority of one in my failure to laugh -- or gasp , or say " Oh my God " -- at any point during the showing .
Yet that is very much beside the point .
Relatively irrelevant , too , is that , bizarrely , so many women are said to be inspired by these " girls " despite the other - worldly wealth and extreme luxury in which the characters live .
Not to mention the ( to me inexplicable ) contradiction when it comes to the one supposed " theme " of the film , which I guess is something to do with feminism and freedom , while this bunch of women appear driven by shoes , " sparkle " and fashion .
( Having children , meanwhile , is deemed " traditional " , and not in a good way . )
No : the main ghastliness was linked , but something very distinct .
I am now told that the clear racism throughout the latter half of the film has been commented on before ; a quick search on Google shows this indeed to be the case .
I am blind to the reviews , so I know I am running the risk of being boring as well as " politically correct " when I express my earnest disgust at the way in which the Muslim world is portrayed .
But it was almost as if the script , which appears on the surface to be about " chic " , was dreamt up by a combination of BNP activists and sophisticated Washington - outriding neoconservatives .
I wo n't indulge in a description of the " plot " , other than to say that at one point the Kim Cattrall character gets invited by an Arab businessman to do public relations for his hotel in much the same way she got an ex-boyfriend into acting , if that , er , makes sense .
Anyway , this leads to the gang flying out to Abu Dhabi to be waited on by subordinate boys at a luxury hotel .
Then , the culture clash gets under way .
As Hadley Freeman , a far better - equipped critic than me , has said :
Not since 1942's Arabian Nights has orientalism been portrayed so unironically .
All Middle Eastern men are shot in a sparkly light with jingly - jangly music just in case you did n't get that these dusky people are exotic and different .
The women , one of them clad in an " Adore Dior " T - shirt that neatly sums up their collective values , visit a souk and are amazed by the cheapness of the shoes , though no conclusion or social commentary is made on this point .
Further open - mouthed shock comes when they see women in burqas eating French fries , crudely stuffing the chips in their mouths under the black cloth .
Burqas swiftly become a leading theme , as Carrie jokes that " I knew I should have packed my burqa " , to the others ' great amusement .
And -- at the conclusion of the film -- some women in burqas reveal that they , too , wear fashion items underneath and that they are all reading the same trashy beauty book as one of the stars , as if Muslim women are actually OK because they can lower themselves to superficial western standards .
Naturally , there are plenty of funny accents and inaccurate phrases in Arabic , and Arab men are made out to be savages .
Sex , of course , is a central pillar and the climax comes with Cattrall , for the second time , producing condoms from her handbag , to the supposed mass horror of the population .
" Yes , I have sex ! " she screams .
Doubtless this line was meant to get the biggest laugh of the night ; instead , it showed the indignity and the full horror of the thing .
There are plenty of crotch - shots .
In possibly the lowest moment , Cattrall asks , " Who ordered the Aussie sausage ? " while the women are recovering at the hotel with an Australian football team in swimming trunks .
And there is loads of strange whooping at peasants from the car window as they swing by the city .
This is the real point .
For some reason , the film 's makers -- who are they ?
-- decided to wage the " modern " , fictional equivalent of all - out war with the Arab world with these inane , pointless worshippers of high heels on the front line .
It is weirdly aggressive in its relentlessly crude portrayal of Arabs .
Nor do I really understand why it has to be so brutally bad .
I 'm certain that was n't the intention , but you are left thinking how much better it would be to live in the simple souk than in the " sparkle " of the city .
As to what most Muslims make of it , one can only guess .
Sadly , though , I fear the worst .
UPDATE : I am told by a reader of Grazia magazine that Sarah Jessica Parker ( " Carrie " ) is reportedly " heartbroken " at the criticism .
But as my friend says : " I just can't believe that none of the actresses realised what they were doing . "
THOMAS TOWNSHIP — Less than a week after he organized a protest outside the Saginaw County Courthouse , the Thomas Township home John F. Roberts , 49 , a medical marijuana patient and caregiver , was raided by federal drug enforcement agents .
Roberts said he was near the rear of his multiple - acre property when unmarked cars pulled up to the gravel shoulder of the road in front of his home and agents exited their vehicles with guns drawn .
Roberts said he was handcuffed near a hammock , less than 10 yards from a pile of various protest signs left over after a Friday protest rally .
A green poster on top read : “ Please learn the law . ”
Behind the mound of signs were some children ’s toys and a large shed where Roberts had been growing marijuana with his fiancee , Stephanie Whisman , 38 , who is also a caretaker and lives at the home .
This is n't the first time law enforcement has raided the home .
Roberts and his fiancee have n’t been charged since agents and Saginaw County sheriff ’s deputies first raided their home April 15 — the same day the home of Saginaw Township resident and medical marijuana user
Edwin W. Boyke , 64 , was searched , his grow equipment destroyed and property and product was seized , much of which was later returned after Boyke agreed to pay $ 5,000 for its release .
The couple says law enforcement is unfairly targeting them .
Whisman said she was arrested the day of the protest for a several - year - old outstanding city tax bill that was originally $ 26 , before interest and penalties .
She said it cost $ 550 to be bonded out of the Saginaw County Jail .
City officials could not be reached Tuesday evening to comment on the arrest .
Roberts and Whisman said , under the state law passed in November of 2008 , they may possess 132 plants and a little more than one and a half pounds of “ usable marijuana , ” based on the 10 patients they said they care for — five each — and Roberts ’ individual patient allotment .
Roberts said he felt nauseous and on the edge of having an anxiety attack as he took a walk around a mown trail that leads through a wooded area behind the growing shed .
He said he was working up his nerve to look inside .
“ I may lose everything I own , ” Roberts said .
“ I ’m terrified , utterly terrified . ”
On his attorney ’s advice , Roberts would n’t discuss specifically what agents seized , but said they had less than what state law allows .
Agents confiscated about $ 10,000 in growing equipment , Roberts said .
“ They came in , and even the cops were there , they said the medical did not matter , ” Roberts said .
“ They will not recognize medical marijuana . ”
The DEA could not be reached for comment Tuesday evening .
Thomas Township police supported federal agents with the raid .
Whisman said the agents plan to take the evidence before a federal judge to secure arrest warrants for herself and Roberts .
“ We live in fear , ” Roberts said .
“ This is America ?
As the US national unemployment rate remains high at 9.5 % , Senate Republicans are persistently blocking the extension of expiring benefits for jobless Americans .
Their primary concern is , apparently , that it'll increase the deficit .
" The only reason the unemployment extension has n't passed is because Democrats simply refuse to pass a bill that does n't add to the debt , " claimed Mitch McConnell , the Senate 's Republican leader .
But are Republicans really concerned with the deficit , or is this just a political ruse ?
On Fox News Sunday , Jon Kyl , the second highest - ranking Republican in the Senate , was quizzed about his party 's commitment to reducing the deficit .
How , wondered the show 's host , Chris Wallace , can the GOP support extending the 10 - year , $ 678bn ( £ 445 bn ) tax cuts for the richest few while they continually block unemployment benefits by invoking the nefarious consequences of a growing budget deficit ?
" You do need to offset the cost of increased spending , and that 's what Republicans object to , " Kyl said .
" But you should never have to offset cost of a deliberate decision to reduce tax rates on Americans . "
In short , he claimed budget shortfalls resulting from tax cuts do n't need to be offset , but spending provisions do .
If you thought this was a slip - up or a lone viewpoint you 'd be wrong .
" That 's been the majority Republican view for some time , " McConnell told Talking Points Memo's Brian Beutler , trotting out the verifiably false claim that the 2001 Bush tax cuts did n't decrease tax revenues .
" I think what Senator Kyl was expressing was the view of virtually every Republican on that subject . "
( As well as Democrat Ben Nelson . )
Ponder that for a minute .
The official Republican stance is that taxes are n't relevant to budget problems , but spending is .
In this case , $ 35 bn for the jobless ( during the worst economic crisis since the great depression ) is unacceptable to them because it would bust the budget , but $ 678bn in breaks for the wealthiest is fine .
This is the party that has been viciously hammering President Obama and Democrats on the deficit over the last year and a half , and has invoked it to filibuster legislation after legislation on all sorts of issues ( even on bills that the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office says will cut the deficit , such as healthcare reform ) .
But the contrast between opposing relatively minor spending to shield the suffering of the unemployed while backing tax cuts for the rich takes this double standard to new levels .
Especially when the tax breaks are projected to massively decrease government revenues .
What this suggests is that for Republicans , the deficit is n't a real concern – it 's simply a political weapon .
A cynical , clever tool that serves to weaken Obama 's credibility as well as obstruct the Democrats ' legislative ambitions .
Whatever Republicans believe in their hearts , they know it 's politically beneficial to prolong the suffering of the unemployed ahead of November 's midterm elections – because , perverse as it may be in this situation , it 'll wind up being a referendum on Democratic governance .
Textbook economics say it 's prudent to boost domestic spending while running a deficit during major recessions – it shields the fall in consumer spending , which otherwise leads to a downward spiral of reduced investment , income , and ultimately jobs .
Unemployment benefits are ground zero in this cycle , because they cushion the free - fall in demand while jobs are scarce .
Extending these benefits would do more to augment short - term business confidence than pinching pennies to reduce the deficit during a downturn .
Either way , Republican tactics are working like a charm .
Democrats have given up on further stimulus due to the harsh political climate and the sharp rise in deficit fears among the elite class ( though certainly not among the public , which deems jobs far more important ) .
For this , they 'll pay a heavy price .
And the GOP will probably get away with it because , despite the amazing lack of evidence , it 's simply a truism in the US media that Republicans care about the deficit while Democrats are fiscally reckless .
Those who believe this may want to compare , for instance , the budget surpluses of the Clinton years ( after he increased taxes ) , with the exploding deficits of the Bush years ( after he cut taxes ) .
It 's fine and fair for Republicans to stand on large tax cuts for the rich as a principle .
But they can't do so while claiming to care a whit about the deficit .
The budget is a result of money coming in ( tax revenues ) and money going out ( spending ) .
They can't disregard 50 % of this equation and claim to be concerned with the outcome .
Or at least be taken seriously while they 're at it .
His nickname is “ News Raider ” because he randomly appears on live news reports for the last couple of months .
He become a very popular person in England becouse of what he ’s doing and some fans already call him a “ legend ” .
His real name is Paul Yarrow and he gate - crashed over 100 TV news reports …
[ nggallery id =110 ]
Source
Add To Album
Add To Album Like ( 37 )
Photog 's Choice
Cross-Data Photographer Luca Trattenero Airline Italy - Air Force Version Lockheed ( Aeritalia ) F - 104S ASA - M Starfighter Generic Type Lockheed F - 104 Starfighter Basic Type Lockheed F - 104 Starfighter Manufacturer Lockheed MSN 783-1214 Reg. MM6914 Location Thiene Country Italy Date Photographed December 15 , 2007 Cancel Search
Correction
Distinct Views : 6,083
Photo Added : May 24 , 2010
Photo Copyright © Luca Trattenero .
All rights reserved .
Airliners .net is not affiliated with any entity mentioned or pictured herein .
All trademarks are the property of their respective owners .
Canada ..as a hat ?
How could it be !
Ok now that I 've got your attention , this was made because well Canada is America 's Hat .
So anywho .. this is for the Engineer .
Extract the materials folder to / tf / Decide which hat you want it to replace and copy it 's models folder to / tf / AND ENJOY !
- Jake " HaekB " Breen
What would you do if you were told where to sit , just because of some meaningless trait of yours ?
In the case of Mirko Fischer , he rebelled and fought for justice .
On the 20th of April , 2009 , he and his wife were flying British Airways from London to Luxembourg .
En route his pregnant wife requested they switch places so she would be more comfortable .
After doing so , he was informed by the cabin crew of the airline ’s policy of disallowing males to sit next to unaccompanied children , and ordered him to switch seats back with his wife .
With this he was outraged .
He argued with them ; but , with everyone watching the affair he felt forced to comply .
So he sat there brooding , watching his wife ’s discomfort and loathing the stereotyping that the company had done to him simply for being born male .
In his own words , “ I felt humiliated and outraged .
They accuse you of being some kind of child molester just because you are sitting next to someone . ”
After the ordeal , he proceeded to file his claim against British Airways at Slough Country Court .
He charged the company with sex discrimination and being harassed by their employees , and he sought compensation for his duress .
He argued that their policy contravened the Sex Discrimination Act. British Airways , however , denied that the policy was discriminatory , even though they admitted discrimination in Mr. Fischer ’s particular case .
They have agreed to put the policy under review , though , which a small and tassid step in the right direction .
It remains to be seen , though , how the many other cases of males being told where to sit on their planes , is not discriminatory , when they all involve the same policy , being applied the same way - only to males .
Mr. Fischer was apologized to and was awarded a sum of £ 2,911 for costs and damages , from the company .
Upon hearing the news of the court ’s decision he donated the money to charity .
Obviously this man was indeed a role model for children , and it ’s a shame that the boy he was told he could n’t sit next to was made to be paranoid of his presence .
At least the kid may learn to stick up for himself , in the same fashion , from his example .
This is a victory for uppity men , everywhere , and I hope we can all learn from his example .
In an interview with the BBC , he said “ It is sex discrimination .
I want this policy to be substantially changed as it is a matter of principle .
Women are not treated like this . ”
He is correct .
None of the staff questioned his wife ’s seating next to the boy , even though they were both strangers to the kid .
He was picked out because of his gender .
He also mentioned to the BBC that he was disappointed that British Airlines only limited its admission to sex discrimination to his case only .
He hopes that the precedence of his case will help any other men who faces a similar predicament .
British Airlines is not the only company with a similar policy regarding the seating arrangements of their male passengers .
Qantas and Air New Zealand both operate under the same rules .
Mark Worsley could tell you of his indignation , when he was forced to change seats , because he was n’t female .
For the original reports from the BCC , go here and here .
For additional commentary go here .
Remember when the socialist group Free Press was ousted for their failed effort to manufacture support in Congress for Internet regulation ?
Now they ’re at it again with third party non-profits .
With the help of the Nonprofit Technology Network ( NTEN ) , Free Press last week released a letter with 150 non -profit signers calling for Net neutrality regulations on the Internet .
Only many of the signers do not work on telecom or media policy — or really policy at all — and some were outright opposed to Internet regulation or took no stance .
Included in this incredibly bizarre coalition were Helping Hands Pet Rescue , Planned Parenthood of North Texas , Amazing Kids ! , and the Dr. Pepper Museum .
Almost immediately , signers started backpedaling .
The Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation International ( JDRFI ) sent a letter to the FCC requesting their name be taken off the letter and said a rogue employee signed on without consent from the organization .
Then , it was realized that two of the signers ran the same organization , Network for Good .
Another , Shaye Olmstead , signed twice — once from Helping Hands Pet Rescue and once from Operation Catnip .
Yesterday , an investigative piece in The Daily Caller found that some of the signers did n’t even know what Net neutrality was or were outright opposed to it .
Olmstead refused to return a call or e-mail when asked what Internet regulations had to do with pet rescue and spaying operations .
Melissa Ogden of Planned Parenthood of North Texas , said “ I ’m a member of the Nonprofit Technology , um , I ca n’t remember what it stands for , but they put the survey together . ”
Sounds like she has a vested interest in the FCC regulating the Internet .
Even worse , Jack McKinney of the Dr. Pepper Museum in Waco , Texas , was n’t even aware their name was on the letter .
When the reporter noted that the Internet is n’t currently regulated ( as we ’ve pointed out here here , and here ) McKinney interjected with “ . . . and thank God for that !
” He went on to note that the museum also runs the Free Enterprise Institute .
“ That is n’t good . . .
I think someone has usurped us on this , ” he said .
That usurper just so happens to be the socialist radicals at Free Press .
Forcing users to take that extra step could cost Google market share in China , where it trails behind Baidu , the local search engine .
But China experts said that the approach represents a pragmatic balancing of interests that lets both sides get some of what they want .
Xiao Qiang , director of the China Internet Project at the University of California , Berkeley , said that Google won because “ they get their operating license .
Chinese Internet users win because they can continue to access some Google services . ”
But Mr. Xiao said the Chinese government also would win , because while it forced Google to move its search service out of China and barred it from automatically redirecting users to its uncensored Hong Kong - based search engine , it also got to show its own people and the outside world that it was willing to balance economic issues and censorship .
“ It is unprecedented for a private company to challenge Chinese Internet censorship , ” Mr. Xiao said .
“ In the past , there would have been no doubt that the Chinese government would have punished Google . ”
For the government , finding a way to keep Google in the country “ is a very calculated position that is good for China ’s long - term development and openness , ” Mr. Xiao said .
While Google ’s stand against Chinese government censorship earned Google the good will of free speech and human rights advocates , it also came at a cost .
Image
Two office workers outside of Google ’s head office in Beijing on Friday .
Credit ... Bobby Yip / Reuters
The compromise will allow Google to keep some of its business in China , but its position there may be weakened .
In addition to potentially losing search traffic , Google could be hurting its ambition to expand into China ’s booming mobile phone business .
Some phone makers and network operators are introducing phones powered by Google ’s Android software in China , but they have stripped out Google ’s mobile search service from the devices and replaced it with rivals like Baidu .
Google , which makes its money placing ads linked to search results , could face a limited audience for mobile advertising .
Image caption
The violence targeted ethnic Uzbeks
Kyrgyzstan 's interim leader Roza Otunbayeva has said the death toll in the country 's worst ethnic violence in decades could be as high as 2,000 .
Officials say at least 191 people were killed in fighting between Kyrgyz and ethnic Uzbeks around Osh and Jalalabad .
But Ms Otunbayeva told a Russian newspaper that the real toll could be " 10 times the official figures " .
Meanwhile , a US envoy in the region has called for an investigation into the unrest .
Central Asia envoy Robert Blake made the call while visiting refugees in camps in the Uzbek border city of Andijan on Friday .
About 400,000 people have fled their homes , with many ethnic Uzbeks crossing into Uzbekistan .
Mr Blake is due to travel later to the capital , Bishkek , for talks with Kyrgyz officials .
' Rebuild city '
Ms Otunbayeva made the comments about the death toll in the Kommersant newspaper , saying that the real toll might never be known because of the custom of family burying loved ones as soon as possible .
Image caption Ms Otunbeyeva met officials in Osh In pictures : After Kyrgyz violence
She travelled to Osh on Friday for the first time since the violence .
Speaking in Osh 's main square , Ms Otunbayeva said : " I came here to see , to speak with the people and hear first hand what happened here . "
She rejected criticism of her interim government 's handling of the crisis , adding : " We will do everything to rebuild this city . "
The Kyrgyz government had earlier appealed to Russia to send in peacekeeping troops .
But Moscow rejected the request , offering instead technical assistance to track those committing the violence .
The Red Cross ( ICRC ) has described the situation as an " immense crisis " , with shortages of basic necessities .
The unrest last week came two months after the country 's former president , Kurmanbek Bakiyev , was forced out of office .
Ms Otunbayeva 's government has blamed the former leader for stoking the conflict .
This was always a tinderbox that was waiting to be lit up again Bruce Pannier , RFE / RL Read more comment and analysis from around the web at See Also
Eyewitnesses say Kyrgyz mobs began attacking people in Uzbek areas of Osh and Jalalabad in the early hours of Friday last week .
About 300,000 people have fled their homes , while another 75,000 - 100,000 people - not counting children - are thought to have taken refuge in Uzbekistan .
The UN's health agency , the WHO , said up to a million people could be affected .
In the refugee camps in Uzbekistan , there are many reports of rape and severe beatings .
Some aid has begun to arrive in the region , but the ICRC says refugees are running short of basic supplies .
At least 40,000 refugees were without shelter .
The organisation said insecurity and fear , combined with shortages of basic necessities like food , water , shelter and medicine , were putting a tremendous strain on communities , hospitals and families .
Kyrgyzstan 's interim leaders have been struggling to impose their authority since coming to power after President Bakiyev was overthrown in April .
The government believes allies of Mr Bakiyev , who now lives in exile in Belarus , want to derail a national referendum on constitutional reform scheduled for 27 June .
But the government has said it will go ahead with the referendum despite the clashes .
Ethnic
Uzbeks have largely supported the interim government , but Mr Bakiyev remains popular with many Kyrgyz in the south .
Much to my delight I discovered Australian electropop outfit Cut Copy a few years ago , their last studio album In Ghost Colours was one of my favourite releases of 2008 .
The band is currently working on their as out yet untitled third studio album which should be ready for us to listen to early next year .
In the meantime they have whetting our appetites by premiering a new song called Where I ’m Going .
I ’m not sure what I think of it yet as it seems like a musical departure from their previous work , but in all honesty I need to give it a few more listens in order to soak it all up .
Cut Copy – Where I ’m Going
Audio clip : Adobe Flash Player ( version 9 or above ) is required to play this audio clip .
Download the latest version here .
You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser .
Carlsen reinvented
Hello Everyone ,
International clothing brand G - Star has contracted World No. 1 Grandmaster Magnus Carlsen as a fashion model !
Carlsen will take to the ramp for G - Star 's autumn and winter collection .
He may even prepare for a catwalk during the New York Fashion Week in September .
The G - Star campaign with Carlsen and actress Liv Tyler ( of Lord of the Rings fame ) was launched in Berlin on Wednesday .
Photographer Anton Corbijn has done the shoot for the campaign .
" I think I look tough , ” Carlsen said to a journalist of NRK Sports .
Check out this video at NRK Sports Website and keep track of the G - Star Website .
You can also read a news report in English here .
From Alexandra Kosteniuk's
Also see her personal blog at
Labels : Magnus Carlsen
Parliament was misled and needs to re-examine the Climategate affair thoroughly after the failure of the Russell report , a leading backbench MP told us today .
" It 's not a whitewash , but it is inadequate , " is Labour MP Graham Stringer 's summary of the Russell inquiry report .
Stringer is the only member of the House of Commons Select Committee on Science and Technology with scientific qualifications - he holds a PhD in Chemistry .
Not only did Russell fail to deal with the issues of malpractice raised in the emails , Stringer told us , but he confirmed the feeling that MPs had been misled by the University of East Anglia when conducting their own inquiry .
Parliament only had time for a brief examination of the CRU files before the election , but made recommendations .
This is a serious charge .
After the Select Committee heard oral evidence on March 1 , MPs believed that Anglia had entrusted an examination of the science to a separate inquiry .
Vice Chancellor of the University of East Anglia Edward Acton had told the committee that " I am hoping , later this week , to announce the chair of a panel to reassess the science and make sure there is nothing wrong . " [
Hansard - Q129 ] ]
Ron Oxburgh 's inquiry eventually produced a short report clearing the participants .
He did not reassess the science , and now says it was never in his remit .
" The science was not the subject of our study , " he confirmed in an email to Steve McIntyre of Climate Audit .
Earlier this week the former chair of the Science and Technology Committee , Phil Willis , now Lord Willis , said MPs had been amazed at the " sleight of hand " .
" Oxburgh did n't go as far as I expected .
The Oxburgh Report looks much more like a whitewash , " Graham Stringer told us .
Stringer says Anglia appointee Muir Russell ( a civil servant and former Vice Chancellor of Glasgow University ) , failed in three significant areas .
" Why did they delete emails ?
The key question was what reason they had for doing this , but this was never addressed ; not getting to the central motivation was a major failing both of our report and Muir Russell . "
Graham Stringer
Stringer also says that it was unacceptable for Russell ( who is not a scientist ) to conclude that CRU 's work was reproducible , when the data needed was not available .
He goes further :
" The fact that you can make up your own experiments and get similar results does n't mean that you 're doing what 's scientifically expected of you .
You need to follow the same methodology of the process . "
" I was surprised at Phil Jones ' answers to the questions I asked him [ in Parliament ] .
The work was never replicable , " says Stringer .
In 2004 Jones had declined to give out data that would have permitted independent scrutiny of their work , explaining that " We have 25 or so years invested in the work .
Why should I make the data available to you , when your aim is to try and find something wrong with it . "
This policy is confirmed several times in the emails , with Jones also advising colleagues to destroy evidence helpful to people wishing to reproduce the team 's results .
" I think that 's quite shocking , " says Stringer .
Thirdly , the University of East Anglia failed to follow the Commons Select Committee 's recommendations in handling the inquiry and producing the report .
Stringer said , " We asked them to be independent , and not allow the University to have first sight of the report .
The way it 's come out is as an UEA inquiry , not an independent inquiry . "
Stringer also says they reminded the inquiry to be open - Russell had promised as much - but witness testimony took place behind closed doors , and not all the depositions have been published .
Have you ever tried finding a recipe for a decent vegetarian pad thai ?
The results are dismal at best .
Several recipes call for the traditional fish sauce .
Fish is not a vegetable , it is not vegetarian , nor is their sauce .
I saw a recipe that was considered veg but had shrimp in it .
There we go again .
Another recipe called for 1.5 cups of peanut butter !
I do n’t think I use that much when making cold sesame noodles and peanut butter is the main ingredient for that !
Another called for the juice of several limes and got great reviews .
I tried a similar version awhile ago thinking it odd but figuring my family enjoys lime so how bad could it be ?
We all dumped our plates down the disposal and ordered pizza that night .
With all that failure I pretty much gave up on pad thai but recently found myself really craving it .
I googled it and reviewed several recipes and as always came up with my own version .
This one had quite a bit of heat and good overall flavor .
It is certainly the first recipe I ’ve made that I would share with anyone .
My one mistake I knew in advance .
I could n’t get the appropriate rice noodles for pad thai and used rice spaghetti instead .
I have n’t cooked that particular pasta in a while and realized too late that it tends to be either too chewy or overcooked with no happy medium .
The right pasta does make all the difference .
I cooked the pasta in advance , made a bowl of wet ingredients and a bowl of chopped ingredients .
This way I was able to have everything at hand and toss them into the pan quickly as needed .
Once again I messed up my attempts at being gluten - free .
I used gf tamari instead of soy sauce but the hoisin sauce contains wheat products .
Oh well , I do the best I can .
My version was vegan but feel free to scramble an egg or 2 and cook it in the pan flat like a pancake .
Once removed from heat slice the egg and add it to the finished recipe .
For my husband I grilled a piece of tilapia in an Asian sauce .
Do n’t let the amount of ingredients scare you away .
This was pretty simple to cook and took no time at all .
I bought sliced mushrooms and julienned carrots to make it go quickly .
This recipe is pretty true to how I cooked it and found the heat level to be just right for me .
My only descriptive is to say that it was the hot enough to affect my sinuses and almost gave me a runny nose but not quite .
Please adjust the heat to your personal taste .
Ingredients
8 oz thin flat rice pasta often called pad thai pasta
1 vegetable bouillon in 1/2 cup hot water
2 tablespoons hoisin sauce
1 tablespoon soy sauce
1 tablespoons rice vinegar
1 tablespoon sriracha or other hot chili sauce
1 teaspoon sesame oil
1 - 2 tablespoons brown sugar
up to 1/3 cup peanut oil
1 block extra firm tofu cubed and blotted to remove water
8 oz sliced mushrooms
4 scallions sliced , greens separated from whites
1/2 cup julienned carrots
1/2 cup julienned pepper jalapeno for more heat ( I used small sweet peppers , it ’s what I had )
2 - 3 minced garlic cloves
1 teaspoon red pepper flakes ( adjust to taste )
1/2 cup chopped peanuts
Directions
Cook pasta according to directions , drain and put aside ,
Mix all wet ingredients except peanut oil in a bowl adding the brown sugar
Place peanuts and scallion greens in a bowl and set aside for garnish
In a large pan heat 1 tablespoon peanut oil and add tofu and vegetables except garlic and scallion whites , saute for several minutes letting the tofu start to brown a little but do n’t over cook the veggies , when they look almost done add garlic and scallion whites , saute another minute
Add the wet ingredients and then the pasta , mix until everything is well coated , top with peanuts and scallion greens .
Have a peacful day , Lin
Vegetarilin on Facebook
( Web ) LectureScribe
LectureScribe is a simple web - based application ( available here ) that allows you to record handwritten " whiteboard lectures " along with audio to produce light - weight instructional videos that can be easily viewed on any web or mobile platform .
Here is a short example video explaining some of its features .
The program was written by Brian C. Dean , an associate professor of computer science at Clemson Univeristy , to develop supplemental instructional content for his courses and for an upcoming algorithms book .
Please feel welcome to make use of the program for your own instructional needs .
The web version of the program is fairly new so please let me know if you encounter any issues with it .
I 'm always interested in hearing about use of the program by others , so if you use LectureScribe in your own classes , please feel welcome to let me know or to send me an example video !
The application should be easy to figure out -- mostly just click record and start writing and speaking , clicking stop when done .
Clicking ?
or pressing ?
will give you a list of keystrokes ; the program is most efficiently used if you know these keystroke shortcuts .
For example , if you mis-speak , then press B to back up 3 seconds , P to play up to the point of the error , S to stop , K to kill from that point on , and R to start recording again .
You can also switch between pen and pointer modes and change colors using convenient keyboard shortcuts .
Lectures are stored as a pair of files : a .wav file for audio and a .lsv file for video .
When you save , you will be prompted to save both these files .
When you load , you will need to select both of these files ( hold down CTRL while clicking on them in the file open dialog box ) .
Please feel welcome to transcode your audio into a more efficient format ( e.g. , .mp3 ) to supply to the viewer , although you still need the original .wav file for editing .
The authoring tool seems to run properly in Firefox and Chrome .
It does n't work in Internet Explorer ( although videos produced by the platform are viewable in Internet Explorer ) .
The lecture canvas keeps expanding vertically as needed .
Expansion only happens while stopped though , so if you are recording and run out of room , just stop temporarily to allow the document to expand and resume recording .
Many editing features ( e.g. , select and delete / move , import image , add eyeball or reference ) only work while stopped ( by design ) .
I 'd recommend recording short " mini- lectures " , not super - long lectures , as these may stress your browser / system ( if the browser runs out of memory , it can crash and you can lose your work ! ) .
Anything up to an hour or so is _probably_ fine ; please let me know if you have issues recording longer lectures .
There is a " reference " facility for creating multi-part hierarchical lectures .
When importing images , please only import relatively small image files , since these get bundled up with your video and can cause very slow downloads during viewing otherwise .
Due to the " same origin " policy in JavaScript , you need to host your files on the same website that hosts the viewer program wlsviewer .
html ( otherwise , the viewer will be prohibited by the browser from downloading your lecture from a different website ) .
For example , to host a video named V.lsv with accompanying audio file A.wav , simply put these two files and the wlsviewer .
html web page ( which you can download in zipped form here ) in the same web directory and use the URL wlsviewer.html?video=V.lsv&audio=A.wav
I 've tested viewing on a few mobile platforms and it seems to work ok ; mobile devices tend not to " auto - play " audio content though , so the user usually needs to click " play " to start the video .
Any mobile issues : please let me know , although bear in mind that getting perfectly consistent playback across every known device can be quite a challenge !
Closed captioning is available by loading a transcipt in SubViewer format , much like with YouTube ( see the YouTube instructions here for an example .
You can also export the caption data from a lecture if needed ( e.g. , if you want to pipe it through a translator to make subtitles in other languages ) .
I 'd recommend saving fairly often , as any glitch that causes your web browser to crash or re-load the page will lose un -saved work .
The original version of Lecturescribe , written nearly 15 years ago , was a Windows app that exported videos in Adobe Flash ( . swf ) format , which becoming less - widely supported .
I 've kept the old version available here for those who need it , although I encourage you to move to the new version instead ( n.b. , files from the old version are not compatible with the new version ) .
Why We ’re in this BP Gulf Oil Mess , and What We Should Do About It
I ’ve talked a lot about human nature in my articles .
I believe that human nature is the biggest challenge to most successful management , and especially the biggest challenge for IT managers .
Information technology is all very logical .
Software does exactly what you tell it to do .
Computers — for the most part — behave the way we expect them to behave .
But people are on the opposite end of the behavior spectrum from software and hardware , and people behavior follows a different set of rules .
Let ’s take the BP Gulf oil spill as an example .
Putting an oil well in the ocean is an inherently dangerous process .
Actually , putting an oil well anywhere is an inherently dangerous process , but putting a well thousands of feet below the surface of the ocean is much more complicated and therefore has a much higher risk .
No one — not BP , not BP workers , not the government and not the population of the planet — wants to see a leak in an oil well .
In all of the criticism of BP no one has even suggested that the leak was deliberate .
Instead , the discussion about blame and fault has centered around the safeguards that were employed :
Were they safe enough ?
Were they properly maintained ?
Were warning signs ignored ?
In my book , Boiling the IT Frog , I talk about the unfortunate use of magic in IT — the suspension of reality that occurs when a technological process is so sophisticated that people develop a blind trust in its capabilities .
I believe that this same magic plays a large role in the BP Gulf oil disaster .
Here ’s how :
Because of the inherent risk in drilling so deep in the ocean , a number of safeguards were installed to automatically stop the oil flow in case of disaster .
There is no such thing as a 100 % reliable system , especially one that includes hardware that is exposed to the elements .
The ocean is a hostile environment to most machinery .
Thus any system installed in such an environment must be regularly inspected and maintained , and certain parts that are subject to wear and corrosion must be regularly replaced .
Because of assurances from engineers , safety experts and scientists , the BP employees working on the oil rig developed a sense of magic around the safeguards .
They trusted the safeguards to protect them from any disaster .
And because there were multiple safeguards ( primary systems as well as backup systems ) , the workers developed an especially unreasonable trust .
This is , unfortunately , human nature : when you have to live day - to - day in a risky environment , you suppress your fear by developing an unreasonable trust in things going right .
That trust persists right up until the point when things go wrong .
When the safeguards began to malfunction , there was probably some concern .
But because there were multiple safeguards , the concern was not severe .
Each worker on the oil rig theoretically had the ability to stop operations if there were safety concerns .
But as long as there were multiple backup systems , the workers reasoned that things were n’t that dangerous .
No one wanted to be the “ bad guy ” who stopped production .
Thus the multiple safeguards — which are good for reliability — are bad for human nature : multiple safeguards lead to unreasonable trust , which leads to a lack of concern when one of the safeguards fails .
One by one the safeguards malfunctioned , went out of maintenance ( in some cases waiting on parts ) , or developed small problems that would later snowball into something big .
But the “ magic ” persisted and no one recognized how close they were coming to a disaster .
Finally a relatively small problem triggered a sequence of failures which caused the rig to explode and the well to spew oil into the Gulf .
It was n’t one thing that caused the disaster — it was a series of things that were ignored because not one of those things was considered significant enough to cause alarm .
This Is n’t the Only Case
There are many examples of this kind of thing : a series of cascading small issues that roll together into a single big disaster .
Chernobyl followed the same pattern , as did Three Mile Island , the Challenger shuttle failure , the Twin Towers ( not the planes , obviously , but the building collapse ) , and even the Titanic sinking .
All of these disasters could have been avoided , and should have been avoided , but human nature got in the way .
It ’s human nature to develop a false trust in safeguards ( especially multiple safeguards ) when we ’re told by “ experts ” that the safeguards are sufficient .
It ’s human nature to avoid being the “ bad guy ” who makes a big deal out of something when everyone else assures you it ’s OK .
And now , in the aftermath of the BP Gulf oil disaster , it ’s human nature to believe that all disasters have a single cause and so we look to find a single person to blame .
What Can We Do ?
I ’ve thought about this a lot over the last couple of months .
I wish there was a simple answer — a “ silver bullet ” solution that would prevent this sort of thing in the future .
Some people call for more regulation , and maybe that would help , but I ’m afraid that the inspectors and regulators would also fall victim to the same unreasonable trust that we saw on the oil rig .
And personal agendas and politics have a way of twisting regulations and enforcement to provide personal rewards to the occasional person who is corrupt enough to look the other way for a price .
One possible solution is to learn from some of the things that have been done in commercial flight training , in NASA , and in some parts of the military .
When you ’re learning how to fly a large jetliner you do n’t just learn how to do everyday things like take - offs and landings .
You spend a huge amount of time learning how to deal with various malfunctions and flight issues .
There ’s a protocol that you learn on what to do when certain things happen .
You learn that if a certain instrument gives a certain result , you ’re supposed to do a certain thing .
There ’s no judgement — except by the people who originally develop the protocol — you learn the protocol so well that you do it automatically when the actual event happens .
Flight simulators make the process realistic — you go through the protocol in a simulated cockpit that looks and feels just like the real one .
Commercial aviation also relies on checklists .
Before a pilot ever moves a plane away from the gate the flight crew has gone through an extensive checklist designed to make sure that conscious attention is paid to every relevant instrument and flight indicator .
The process is n’t perfect , but that checklist — in association with a predetermined protocol of how to deal with each abnormal checklist item — has prevented many potential disasters .
I do n’t know enough about the processes and procedures on the oil rig , but I get the impression that :
Clear protocols were not in place to force workers to take certain actions when certain problems occurred .
These protocols would have removed the need for a personal decision ( and eliminated the “ I do n’t want to be the bad guy ” problem ) , since the protocols would have dictated the required behavior .
There had been no “ flight simulation ” type training that took the oil rig workers through simulated problems until the solution was part of the workers ’ unconscious thought .
On the other hand , I know that flight - simulation - like techniques have been used for workers on nuclear reactors , and we still had the Chernobyl and Three Mile Island disasters , even though I suspect that many other potential nuclear disasters have been avoided as a result of the simulator training .
I do n’t know what happened at Chernobyl or Three Mile Island : maybe the problems were outside the training , maybe the simulation training was n’t used in those facilities , or maybe the workers ignored their training and caused the problems .
Conclusion
I believe that the solution to the BP Gulf oil type of problems lies in :
Getting a better understanding of the safeguards that are in place in any risky situation , with specific focus on whether they ’re safe enough .
I know that 100 % safety is not possible , but we ought to be able to approach that number .
Determining the risk when one or more of the safeguards is not working , and making sure that protocols are in place to deal with repair or replacement of the broken safeguard in accordance with the risk .
High risk should dictate an expedited repair or even a temporary shutdown .
Putting checklists in place for regular inspection and maintenance of the safeguards , and putting protocols in place to deal with any area that does n’t pass the checklist requirement .
Training workers to deal with exceptions , with specific instruction on what steps to take in each situation , and who is supposed to take those steps .
This seemed to be missing on the BP oil rig , and so everyone just assumed that everyone else was dealing with the problems .
Using simulation training where it makes sense , so that workers get an actual exposure to what would happen in certain unlikely situations , and so that they learn how to deal with those situations .
And for those of you who do n’t work in the oil industry ( most of you , I ’m sure ) , think about what types of disasters might befall your own business .
Are you prepared ?
Or will your employees fall into the human nature trap and avoid the problems rather than acting ?
What can you learn from the BP oil disaster ?
And what can you do to put human nature to work for you instead of having it work against you ?
This is the first of a series of posts about my final project for the 6.115 Microcomputer Project Laboratory , my favourite class at MIT .
In this first post , I ’ll give some background and explain the overall design of the system .
My goal was to create a tactile interface to Minesweeper , the well known game included in every version of Windows since 3.1 .
Before I say too much , here are some moving pictures :
The player sees a blackboard marked with a grid , a piece of chalk , and a “ detector ” , which is really a magnet .
Some points on the grid are designated as mines .
When the detector is placed on the board , one of two things happen : either an 8×8 LED screen shows a smiley face , and a seven - segment display tells the player how many mines are immediately next to the chosen spot , or a short animation let ’s the player know they ’ve landed on a mine , and the game resets .
The player keeps track of the mine counts using the chalk , and tries to figure out where every mine is , without ever landing on one .
Why Minesweeper ?
In this class , you could make anything .
Apart from a few requirements to make sure that projects use material taught in the class ( we had to use a specific processor and program it in assembly ) , the only real requirement was that the projects had to be complex enough to show that we ’ve learned something .
Coming up with an idea for a project , where the only constraint is “ make it hard enough ” turned out to be surprisingly difficult .
In a desperate attempt to come up with something , I went around the house and looked at every electronic gadget , and thought about how it could be hacked .
Eventually , I stumbled upon a stud finder .
It ’s a really cool device that lets you find where it ’s safe to stick a nail in the wall .
My plan was to connect a stud finder to an optical mouse ( you heard it here first ! ) , and use the combined position and depth information to make some sort of game .
Battleships or Minesweeper seemed like natural choices for the medium .
When I thought about it a little more , I realised that Minesweeper was cool enough without a stud finder , and so the project was born .
In my mind , the project looked like this :
Constraints
As they always do , this original plan changed as I went along .
I pushed back the plan for full woodwork , as it was n’t relevant to the class , and added a fancy dot matrix display , because it was there .
Like any engineering project , the design boils down to an optimisation problem under a set of constraints .
In this case , the constraints were set by the lecturer .
Time : 4 weeks of building time , a couple more weeks of planning time .
: 4 weeks of building time , a couple more weeks of planning time .
Parts :
The lab had an essentially limitless supply of a limited variety of chips .
Cost , in this project , had less to do with the price of a chip and more to do with its availability in the lab .
Sadly , this means that the project would be pretty expensive to recreate outside the setting of the particular class .
I hope that you can use my ideas in your own project anyway .
: The lab had an essentially limitless supply of a limited variety of chips .
Cost , in this project , had less to do with the price of a chip and more to do with its availability in the lab .
Sadly , this means that the project would be pretty expensive to recreate outside the setting of the particular class .
I hope that you can use my ideas in your own project anyway .
Budget :
That said , there was a $ 5 parts class budget for online orders of parts , and I chose to spend a few of my own bucks on Reed switches .
: That said , there was a $ 5 parts class budget for online orders of parts , and I chose to spend a few of my own bucks on Reed switches .
Space :
The project was done on a large breadboard , but towards the end of the project , it was getting very crowded .
Resources
The lab offered a few resources that were very helpful for all projects .
The Nerd Kit :
Each student was provided with an electronics prototyping kit , with a large area of breadboard , a 5 v power supply and variable voltage DC and AC power supplies , and a few peripherals , including a small speaker , some switches , pots , a 7 - segment display and some indicator LEDs .
: Each student was provided with an electronics prototyping kit , with a large area of breadboard , a 5 v power supply and variable voltage DC and AC power supplies , and a few peripherals , including a small speaker , some switches , pots , a 7 - segment display and some indicator LEDs .
Processor : Every student was given a dev board containing an 8051 microprocessor , along with the necessary RAM and flash .
Part of the project specification was that students must use the 8051 , and must code in assembly .
: Every student was given a dev board containing an 8051 microprocessor , along with the necessary RAM and flash .
Part of the project specification was that students must use the 8051 , and must code in assembly .
Parts :
We had a good supply of 7400 series chips , and quite a few other components , like buffers , crystal oscillators , and more .
There were also a few speciality items that you could get from the lecturer .
For this project , I got my hands on an 8×8 LED dot -matrix display .
Subsystems
In later posts , I ’ll talk about the design of every part of the project in detail .
For now , I just want to share a snippet from my log book : the overall system design .
The game logic subsystem runs the game and controls all other peripherals .
It has to do timing in the order of seconds for player events .
runs the game and controls all other peripherals .
It has to do timing in the order of seconds for player events .
The game board is an independent peripheral that detects the position of the player ’s cursor and passes it to the game logic .
I eventually used an array of Reed switches to find the position of a “ detector ” .
is an independent peripheral that detects the position of the player ’s cursor and passes it to the game logic .
I eventually used an array of Reed switches to find the position of a “ detector ” .
The graphics subsystem comprises of a 7 - segment display and an 8×8 LED dot matrix display , along with the necessary circuits to drive these displays .
The game logic can pick one of 8 animations with a 3 - wire bus , and the LED display will play it .
comprises of a 7 - segment display and an 8×8 LED dot matrix display , along with the necessary circuits to drive these displays .
The game logic can pick one of 8 animations with a 3 - wire bus , and the LED display will play it .
Sound effects are just square waves that drive the small speaker in the Nerd Kit .
The sound reminds me of 8 - bit games and adds a lot to the experience .
The system is broken up into separate subsystems that interact though interfaces I ’ll tell you about in later posts .
In the next article , I ’ll talk about my favourite part of the system : the game board .
WASHINGTON  The Federal Reserve disclosed on Wednesday that its chief policy makers were divided on whether the weak economy faced a new , potentially dangerous threat in the form of deflation .
The dissent within the Fed emerged as the White House released a report estimating that its economic stimulus program had saved or created 2.5 million to 3.6 million jobs since it was enacted , over nearly unanimous Republican opposition , at the start of President Obama ’s term .
The estimates in the report were in line with those of the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office and independent experts .
But Senate Republicans , who have blocked legislation to extend unemployment benefits , continued to portray the administration as fiscally reckless and the stimulus as ineffective .
“ I know what they ’re against , but I do n’t know what they ’re for , ” Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. said of the Republicans as he unveiled the report .
“ I mean that literally . ”
Military kills Mexican drug lord Ignacio Coronel Published duration 30 July 2010
image caption Ignacio Coronel was known as the " King of Crystal "
The Mexican government says security forces have killed Ignacio " Nacho " Coronel , a top member of the powerful Sinaloa drug cartel .
Coronel was believed to be the right - hand man of Joaquin " Shorty " Guzman , Mexico 's most - wanted drug lord .
His death is a major coup for President Felipe Calderon , who has declared " war " on the country 's drug cartels .
The security forces say Coronel died in a shoot - out with an elite army group near the western city of Guadalajara .
Drugs violence
Nacho Coronel was known as the " King of Crystal " for his control over the production and smuggling of methamphetamine to the United States .
He was widely tipped as Guzman 's likely successor to head the Sinaloa cartel , says the BBC's Inma Gil in Mexico City .
His power base was in Jalisco state , but both the US and the Mexican government had issued arrest warrants for him .
The US had offered a $ 5 m ( £ 3.2 m ) reward for information leading to his capture .
Mexican media quoted Ministry of Defence officials as saying his death would seriously disrupt the operations of the Sinaloa cartel .
According to Mexican government figures , more than 25,000 people have died in drug - related violence since President Calderon launched his offensive against the cartels in late 2006 .
President Calderon 's government has been dogged by accusations that it treats the Sinaloa cartel more leniently than other drug gangs .
Is the Tea Party racist ?
The NAACP thinks so .
And the Council of Conservative Citizens , a white pride group , agrees .
Of course the Tea Party is racist , crowed a blog post on the Council 's website yesterday -- and it would be proud of its racism if it were n't wussy .
The post was written by James Edwards , a radio show host and author of Racism Schmacism .
His website , the Political Cesspool , declares as its motto : " Conservatism is dead .
Liberalism has no answers .
What comes next ?
The rise of ethnopolitics . "
After the NAACP passed a recent resolution condemning the Tea Party as a bunch of bigots , the ragtag band of would - be American revolutionaries launched into denials .
That 's because they 're week - kneed , lily - livered racists whose instinct is to " bend over and grab their ankles " , wrote Edwards , who suggested they connect with their inner-cackling villains :
" Instead of replying with a loud BWAHAHAHA ! or a ' Yeah ?
What 's your point ? ' or ' So what ? ' or ' Of course we 're racists - we 're white people .
That 's what " racist " means ' or ' Can any of you race hustlers even spell " racist " ? '
The Tea Party predictably went into their usual bend over and grab their ankles mode .
They protested that oh no , we 're not racists at all , we do n't tolerate racists at our rallies which are really huge rainbow coalitions . "
Edwards is right .
The Tea Party is hiding the truth about itself : Racist groups are quietly welcomed at its starchy street fairs , even right here in Florida .
Last January , a state chapter of the Council of Conservative Citizens ( CCC ) set up shop at a Tea Party rally in Invernness , Citrus County .
Senate candidate and Tea -Party darling Marco Rubio headlined the event , while the CCC handed out pamphlets and swag .
They wrote a proud blog entry about it : " Florida CofCC works crowd at TEA party . "
The
Anti-Defamation League warned of the group 's attendance a day ahead of time .
The CCC extols the free market and other conservative shibboleths .
But it dislikes " the mixture of the races , " and , according to the Southern Poverty Law Center , looks upon black people as a " retrograde species of humanity " and abhors Jews .
Last May , its CEO insisted to New Times that its secret member - list includes mixed - race people , blacks and a Japanese Shinto practitioner .
But it would n't be a white pride group
without plenty of whites - from working stiffs , he said , to law enforcement officials , doctors , lawyers , professors , and office - holders of both political parties .
Emily Goligoski ( @emgollie ) is a marketing manager at Federated Media .
She produces video interviews with female entrepreneurs for Women 2.0 and writes about culture news as TheSanFranista .
What happens when " equality in the workplace " is simply a numbers game ?
The ratio of women trained in computer science education is even lower now than it was in the 1980s .
In 2008 , girls made up just 17 % of Advanced Placement test takers in computer science ( the lowest percentage of any subject ) and held less than 20 % of CS degrees .
To combat these numbers , organizations have sprouted to improve and expand programming education for women .
These include community workshops and regional networking groups aimed at school - age girls and working women .
These organizations need to reach corporate sponsors in order secure money and space to hold their outreach .
Sometimes started out of frustration with the disproportionate ratio of male and female programmers , these five organizations are optimistic about building a community that includes first - time programmers and people shifting professional fields .
1. Grade School Girls : New York ’s CodeEd
“ It ’s our sense that by the time you get to Stanford or Princeton , you ’ve made it , ” said Angie Schiavoni , a tech product consultant who co-founded CodeEd with her husband Sep Kamvar .
“ But that does n’t address the gap in education for young girls from disadvantaged backgrounds , and we think we can reach them in a fun way . ”
She and her husband , a Stanford computer science professor , personally paid for colorful notebooks with Linux operating systems for the middle - school age girls at Girls Prep , a charter school for low - income girls on the Lower East Side .
Schiavoni and Kamvar teach a one - hour , Saturday class at Girls Prep .
After the first five weeks of HTML ( which resulted in quite a few Justin Bieber fan sites ) the girls can learn JavaScript , Python , and Java .
The couple is currently seeking volunteer teachers to expand CodeEd to more schools in New York .
2. High School Students : Iridescent
Iridescent Learning is a Los Angeles - based mentorship organization that teaches mobile app development to teenagers in preparation for a business plan competition .
The program started after product manager Anuranjita Tewary heard from several area teachers that computer science was missing from their high school curriculum .
She and programming expert Dr. Margaret Butler recruited 45 female high school students without programming experience for entrepreneurship and programming instruction by local business people .
“ We wanted them to learn how to write a business plan but also give them the experience of building something by having them learn how to program , ” Tewary said .
Butler , who said that her computer science Ph.D program was only 10 % women , worked with Tewary to find a language that would be immediately accessible .
They turned to App Inventor for Android .
“ By the second day of class , students have written something that they download and run on their phone .
Creating something that ’s part of their normal realm of interaction speaks to their attachment to mobile — it is n’t video games that these girls are hooked on , ” Butler said .
“ I think these types of programs create a generation of young women who will demand that fast feedback immediately , and that will revolutionize development . ”
Iradescent now teaches about databases , location services , and object - oriented programming .
Students work in teams to build apps that can create study flashcards or track what ’s in your refrigerator .
It ’s important to demonstrate the social components of the work , Butler explained , by having girls work together towards a goal just as they would in a lab or startup .
The program will have reached more than 400 girls by the end of the year .
Along with three “ Technovation Express ” workshops around the country this summer , goals for the program include having some students return as teaching assistants when they graduate from high school and trying to build an internship program in which area tech companies will pay program participants more than other summer employers might .
3. Working Women : Ruby on Rails Workshops for Women
Attendees of the quarterly , two - day Ruby on Rails workshops for women in San Francisco and New York are asked about their programming experience when registering and split into beginner , intermediate , back end , front end , and Windows developer groups .
Instructors and teaching assistants volunteer their weekends .
Participants range from interns to CTOs .
The San Francisco workshops are free thanks to corporate sponsorships and Pivotal Labs donating its office space .
Organizer and developer Sarah Allen is planning to roll out some Ruby workshops in Spanish later this year , and she explained why these introductory meet - ups were crucial : “ The tech industry used to promote diversity for moral reasons , and now diversity is seen as a strength that makes good business sense .
Having a diverse set of people create your software makes it better for the very diverse people who will use it . ”
She and New York host Sarah Mei recognized a need for programming education that was accessible to women .
Allen said an increase in the number of study groups and women - filled events indicates they ’ve succeeded and proves that they ’re slowly “ raising the ambient volume of technology among women . ”
Not all of the 300 women they ’ve reached will become programmers , but the two co-founders think they may have better conversations with developers they work with in the future .
There ’s already a corresponding internship program for women programmers .
Monikka Delazerda , a marketing intern at MyJoffer.com , took part in the Rails workshop after a male colleague invited her ( there ’s a rule that men can only participate if they ’re accompanied by a woman ) .
Delazerda began practicing programming fundamentals just one month before Rails with several small student groups .
“ It ’s really nice to find a sense of community — instead of sitting alone with a big book , I get to learn with others and make fewer errors , ” Delazerda said .
Geek Girl Camp ’s success in hosting regional data design workshops points to the emergence of programming education that ’s popping up separate from universities .
Communities are creating these opportunities to increase the diversity of working programmers .
The organization teaches courses about blogging and social media but says its day - long summer bootcamps draw the most interest .
The organization ’s programming lead , web development firm president Sue Malomo , said her motivation for teaching is presenting options : “ My goal was to expose women to what 's “ out there ” for technology , whether it 's the Mac platform or databases or programming .
Once they know their options , it 's easier for them to go out and find more information or decide what they want to learn . ”
Malomo said that there was exciting overflow and enthusiasm during the most recent bootcamp .
In seeking feedback at the end , one participant who had come for an organization session said she was inspired by the possibilities presented .
" This is what we need !
We need to be challenged .
We need to know what else is out there for us to learn ! "
5. For Educators & Professionals
The Grace Hopper Celebration of Women in Computing Conference is an annual consortium that includes female students , large company recruiters , and educators .
Run by the Anita Borg Institute for Women and Technology , the conference is the world ’s largest gathering of technical women in computing .
Last year ’s conference , “ Creating Technology for Social Good , ” attracted approximately 1,600 women .
The celebration includes a day of programming for the Computer Science Teacher 's Association , which supports problem solving and computing education for middle school and high school teachers .
“ In many schools , computer science teachers and their students have been getting the hand - me - downs from much better resourced programs for years , ” said Dr. Chris Stephenson , executive director of the CSTA .
Some teachers struggle to keep enough of their old , battered computers alive in order to teach their students .
In addition to resources , Stephenson identified other key elements that she says are required to address underrepresentation in computing such as access to challenging courses , well - trained teachers , and pedagogy : “ We have to find more engaging ways to teach our students , ways that affirm who they are , and what they care about … ”
Final Words
If children are the future , then young women will carry the torch for a new generation of diverse , educated , female programmers .
As Brad Feld , chairman of the National Center for Women in Information Technology , said at New York ’s We Own It Summit : “ I ’m obsessed with people between 10 and 25 — the energy going into these people is where the entrepreneurial growth in the future will be .
We need to provide leadership for young people to change the arc of society over 20 years . ”
Other resources for aspiring female programmers include DotDiva , GirlStart , and Dev Chix .
Let us know about any other opportunities or organizations in the comments below .
For more dev and design coverage , follow Mashable Dev & Design on Twitter or become a fan on Facebook
More development and design resources from Mashable :
Image courtesy of iStockphoto , track5
Private spaceships could be safe enough to transport astronautsto the space station , a group of 24 former NASA spaceflyers told Congress in anopen letter this week .
The astronauts argue in favor of a newplan by President Barack Obama to encourage commercial companies to buildspacecraft capable of replacing the space shuttles as NASA 's means to reach the International Space Station .
" We believe that the private sector , working inpartnership with NASA , can safely develop and operate crewed space vehicles tolow Earth orbit , " the astronauts wrote .
In favor of private spaceships
The letter , sent to members of Congress including Sen. BarbaraA .
Mikulski ( D - Maryland ) and Sen. Bill Nelson ( D - Florida ) , was signed by former astronauts such as Apollo astronaut RustySchweickart and BuzzAldrin , the second man on the moon .
Former space shuttle flyer John " Mike " Lounge , another signatory , said the letter was motivated inpart as a response to critics of the Obama administration plan who argue thatspaceships built by private companies would not be safe enough to trust forflying NASA astronauts .
" It was a reaction to some ofthe letters you ?ve seen out there ?
to kind of show there is another opinionamong people who have flown in space , " Lounge told SPACE.com .
He said privatecompanies are just as capable as NASA of designing safe , reliable spacecraft ?
in fact , he pointed out , all NASA spacecraft have been built by commercialcompanies , simply contracted by NASA .
" The main thing we were trying to make a clearstatement on , was that the safety of a system is n?t so much a function of whoowns it , so much as what it is , and that simple systems are safer than complexones , and simple missions are safer than complex missions , " Lounge said .
In the letter , the astronauts point out that the U.S. AirForce routinely depends on commercial rockets to launch satellites critical tonational security .
Furthermore , commercial rockets such as the Atlas 5 and Delta 4 have proven their reliability over dozens of successful launches .
" Commercial space workers and managers care aboutsafety just as much as those working at NASA , " the astronauts wrote .
" Many commercial space workers have come from our Nation ?s space programand have deep historical knowledge and understanding of the safety issues forhuman spaceflight , and former astronauts are deeply involved in theengineering , manufacture , and eventual operations of commercialcrew vehicles . "
NASA 's new direction
The Obama plan for space got a new boost today when the Senate 's Commerce , Science and Transportation committee passed a NASAauthorization bill largely based on the new proposal .
The bill includesfunding to encourage the building of private spaceships , and also endorses PresidentObama 's plan for NASA to focus on designing more ambitious heavy - lift rocketsto carry astronauts beyond low - Earth orbit to an asteroid and Mars .
Finally , the bill added funding for a third and final spaceshuttle mission in 2011 before the three - orbiter fleet is retired for good .
Some criticized the new bill because it decreased the moneyallocated for commercial space from President Obama 's original proposal .
Instead of about $ 3.3 billion for private spaceships over the next three years , as President Obama requested , the new bill offers only $ 1.6 billion over thatsame time period .
Some lawmakers are proposing an amendment to add back some ofthe missing funds for commercial spaceflight .
Lounge said the key elements of the Obama plan arepromising .
" I think obviously there 's something broken with the traditionalapproach because we are faced with this gap of U.S. capability " to fly tospace after the shuttles retire , he said .
" So we 've got to do somethingdifferently .
This is a way to leverage private company innovation andinvestment in a way that lets NASA put its limited resources into thecomplicated missions . "
He argued against critics who say the new plan is a stepdown for U.S. preeminence in space exploration .
" The new direction is not a retreat from human spaceflight ?
it is the future of human spaceflight , " Lounge said .
" If we don ? tfind a way to do this in a robust way that ? s affordable , that 's open to newtechnology , open to commercial participation , even open to international participation ?
I see no way that it 's sustainable . "
Big props to the City of Oakland
I ’ve been seeing the media ( Fox in particular ) portraying the situation in Oakland as being near - anarchy .
Black people rioting and burning and looting due to their not being happy with the legal process .
I ’m gonna stay away from right or wrong in the Oscar Grant case and simply comment on the situation as I observe it .
Many people were frustrated and believed Mr. Mehserle ’s sentence should have been more severe .
A multi-racial crowd of as many as 1,500 people gathered to protest near 14th and Broadway .
Speeches , calls for action - NOT calls for violence .
Angry people venting , exercising their rights as Americans to protest .
The police were ready in force , Oakland police with San Francisco and many other departments on hand to back them up .
But they kept their presence out of the way for the most part .
They closed off some streets so that people could still enter and exit the downtown area but it was easier to control the flow .
The CHP closed off some freeway access and the Fruitvale BART station where the killing occurred was closed .
The police did not attempt to intimidate people by a show of force , knowing their presence might provoke members of the crowd .
Several local newspapers , among them the Oakland Tribune and San Francisco Chronicle , had live bloggers at the scene .
They uniformly reported peaceful crowds , and also all of them reported people with bandannas over their faces and heavy sweatshirts entering the area .
Local community volunteers notified police of those who drew their suspicion , not out of being pro-police but out of being pro-Oakland .
I make the distinction because the main concern of the volunteers was that an event they supported would be peaceful and effective .
The majority of the protesters filed away after 8 pm when the protest ended .
At a certain point violence broke out , with an estimated 150 - 200 people taking part .
Local residents complained of people with hammers smashing windows , the same people having blowtorches .
Locals complained they live here and walk these streets every day , what gave these people the right to destroy things here ?
Here ’s a typical comment from a 22 year old West Oakland resident : “ Before the sun went down , I was happy with everything , ” he said .
“ It ’s no longer about Oscar Grant .
The people who went in there and came out with shoes , that ’s not about Oscar Grant anymore .
What we had before the sun went down , that was justice .
This is just pure stupidity . ”
Oakland has a population of around 400,000 .
The high estimate of those rioting and looting was 200 , and quite likely a number of them were not local residents .
Demographically there is a very high proportion of young people there .
Yet out of 400,000 people , statistically this is a very small number .
It looks to me like the people of Oakland did their job .
They kept their kids home and out of trouble .
Pay no attention to Fox News or CNN .
The media loves to run stories of burning and looting , and a certain element wants to make it seem like Black people are lawless and do n’t respect law enforcement .
Do n’t believe it .
Oakland did its job .
The police reacted with force only when a few lawbreakers disrespected the city and its people .
The people of Oakland protested , then went home .
The parents controlled their children .
Big props to Oakland .
A FEW DAYS AGO , Sam Harris wrote an article in the Huffington Post , defending his case for " A Science of Morality " from a critique by the physicist Sean Carroll .
I agree with him that it is possible to jump this gap , but not in the way he prescribes .
Carroll 's critique was written in response to a talk Harris gave at TED in February , entitled " Science can answer moral questions . "
In that talk , he outlined a rough theory of morality as a realm of fact rather than opinion , a realm that was appropriate for scientific investigation .
I should say at the outset that I agree with his intent in general , and with many of the details of his argument , but I 'm convinced he is also confused on certain issues — or , at least , that his presentation confused those issues .
These confusions are worth writing and thinking about not because I want to shoot down Harris 's argument , but because I think they are inherent to the entire debate over morality .
They pop up time and time again .
In fact , Carroll 's essay makes some of the same mistakes , and in the end clarifying them should aid Sam Harris 's case more than his .
So let 's take a little walk through some of Sam 's points , and try to tease out these issues and make some sense of them .
I 'll take the liberty of truncating some of his arguments , and reformatting them for clarity , but you can always go to the TED site to check that I have n't misrepresented him .
Sam begins :
I 'm going to speak today about the relationship between science and human values .
Now , it 's generally understood that questions of morality -- questions of good and evil and right and wrong -- are questions about which science officially has no opinion .
It 's thought that science can help us get what we value , but it can never tell us what we ought to value .
And , consequently , most people ... think that science will never answer the most important questions in human life : questions like , " What is worth living for ? "
" What is worth dying for ? "
" What constitutes a good life ? " ... I 'm going to argue that this is an illusion -- that the separation between science and human values is an illusion -- and actually quite a dangerous one at this point in human history .
Now , it 's often said that science can not give us a foundation for morality and human values , because science deals with facts , and facts and values seem to belong to different spheres .
It 's often thought that there is no description of the way the world is that can tell us how the world ought to be .
But I think this is quite clearly untrue .
Values are a certain kind of fact .
They are facts about the well being of conscious creatures .
This is the first issue on which I think it is obvious that he is mistaken .
Please bear with me , because I am about to make some points which may seem like nit-picking , but I assure you that they have a profound effect on the entire issue .
Sam is addressing the whole " is to ought " issue — the question of whether it is possible to move from the realm of facts to the realm of morality .
I agree with him that it is possible to jump this gap , but not in the way he prescribes .
He has made three errors in his last two sentences :
He has confused morality with values — or , perhaps , " moral values " with " natural values " .
He has assumed that both kinds of values are " facts about the well being of conscious creatures " .
He has implied a confusion between two separate meanings of the word " moral " .
I would argue that the real situation is more complicated than he paints it , but also more enlightening .
Next : The Real Situation ...
In preparation for each passage , read the entire chapter .
For Romans 1:26 - 27 , read the first 3 chapters of Romans .
Read Genesis chapter 38 for a clear picture of the Old Testament attitudes about women , sex , the necessity of producing offspring , the control of men over women , the double standard for men and women , and other sexuality issues .
This material is given in one long page so that you can more easily print it out to read and study and share with others .
You can also move to each main section by clicking on the Scripture references :
A critical alarm system that should have warned workers of danger aboard the Deepwater Horizon drilling rig had been disabled before the rig erupted into flames on April 20 , the vessel 's chief electrician testified Friday at a federal hearing into the accident .
Michael Williams , an employee of Transocean Ltd. , the company that owned the rig , said the general alarm system aboard the Deepwater Horizon had been " inhibited . "
It was intended to automatically sound an alarm warning workers to move immediately out of harm 's way ....
You can check this project out on :
Warning : this circuit deals with mains voltage which is lethal .
DO NOT attempt to build it unless you perfectly understand what you are doing .
I am in no way responsible for any consequences which result from any use of information on this page .
Introduction :
Waking up in the morning is a daily and early task .
Throughout my life I have used different ways of waking up : the usual alarm clock connected to a high power siren and flashing lights , a high power buzzer fed by AA batteries hooked to a portable alarm clock ( for when traveling ) , and of course the most used is the mobile phone alarm .
All these methods have worked , but they provide a rather sudden wake up .
Recently I found out about the idea of simulating the sunrise .
It seems like a more pleasant way of waking up , especially in the winter , so it had to be tried .
I decided to make it as simple as possible for the beginning , so getting a normal radio - alarm - clock and modifying it seemed like a great idea .
These clocks are available in many models , some rather cheap , so I picked one up .
Next , off to the hardware store to buy a light source .
A 150W halogen reflector seemed right for the job , especially because it was very low price .
Added some cable and plug and I had all I needed .
The first task was to open the alarm clock and find the alarm signal .
This was not that hard .
Looking at the components , the audio amplifier was a very known part , the TDA2822 ( 1 ) .
As this is one of the components that need to be turned on I followed the power supply traces .
The positive led me to a transistor and a Zenner diode – there was a simple voltage stabilizer for it ( 2 ) .
Looking carefully I realized that it was controlled by another transistor and this by another one ( 3 ) which is turned on by signals coming from three diodes ( 4 ) , ( 5 ) and ( 6 ) : there is an OR function implemented there .
This is because the radio is turned on by any of the three signals , two from the microcontroller which are the alarm ( 7 ) and sleep function and one from the switch .
An electrolytic capacitor and some resistors were placed there and this seemed like a filter .
At first , I thought that there was no need for one , until I looked at what signal the microcontroller was providing : it was the beep - beep - beep signal which is used alternatively as an alarm ( instead of the radio ) .
This is why it needed low pass filtering , to extract a steady dc which would turn on the regulator for the audio amplifier and radio .
The next step was to find a way to power my circuit which will take care of the sunrise simulator .
As the function is not that complex , I decided to go for an ATTiny13 microcontroller which I already had .
This requires 2.7 to 5V to operate correctly .
Guessing that the clock ’s controller would be in the similar range , I looked for another regulator on the board and quickly found another zenner diode + transistor pair ( 8 ) .
This provides 4.2V which is excellent for my circuit .
Adding my circuit to the regulator ’s load should n’t be a problem as it provides power for the clock ’s display which is rather high compared to how much the ATTiny13 will consume .
In order to dim the light , I needed synchronization with the A.C. network .
As there is already an A.C. output from the clock ’s transformer I decided to take it from there instead of connecting somehow directly to the mains , although this means being a little offset .
It is now time to put together the little schematic that does it all .
Here it is :
Things are rather simple .
The “ brain ” is the Attiny13 microcontroller which should be enough for this simple task .
For the A.C. synchronization I ’m going to use the internal comparator .
This is because the input threshold of a pin is about 2V ( half of VCC ) and the transformer outputs about 9 Vac so the error for detecting the zero cross is high .
R4 and R5 form a divider which provides about 0.1V for the comparator reference .
The A.C. signal is fed through a 10 K resistor which ensures a current limiting , as the protection diodes inside the microcontroller limit the input range between about - 0.6 V to VCC + 0.6V .
The circuit that I have designed will make a bypass between the clock microcontroller and the clock ’s alarm , allowing for the sunrise to be simulated before the alarm is triggered .
ALARM_IN and ALARM_OUT pins allow this function to be implemented .
R3 is there because it has been removed from the clock ’s PCB to allow the bypass .
The lamp is controlled , as expected , via a triac .
Because safety is very important , an optoisolator separates the mains from the clock and my circuit and a fuse is included .
Building it :
Building the circuit has nothing special in it , as it is rather simple .
It ’s build on a small prototyping PCB adapted for the free space inside the radio .
A reset button was included to help with the software development , but it is not needed during normal operation .
The bypass :
Fitting it inside the clock :
Due mostly to lack of space inside the clock I have decided to split things in two parts , putting the triac and optoisolator in a small junction box near the reflector .
This solution is temporary and I will improve it once I find something more suitable , the goal being to add a normal socket to allow me to plug any lamp in .
A small heat sink ensures that the triac only gets slightly warm during full on with the 150W light bulb .
The software :
There is not much to explain about the software .
Basically there are two parts : the lamp dimming which uses the interrupts and the control software .
For more info on lamp dimming see the wiki .
Lamp dimming requires two parts : first is detecting the zero cross which takes place at the comparator toggle producing an interrupt .
At this point the timer is loaded with a previously determined value .
The timer overflow interrupt routine triggers the triac .
Based on the value that was loaded in the timer counter this event takes place in a certain point during a half period of the A.C. which determines how much time the triac is conducting thus determining the power through the lamp .
The timer may be loaded with a value that prevents the triac from ever been triggered , keeping the lamp completely off .
The main part of the software has a three stage functionality .
Fist stage is to wait for the alarm .
Once it is signaled the lamp is slowly turned on while periodically checking if the alarm is still on , this is the second stage .
After the light reaches the maximum intensity the actual alarm in the clock is turned on , for the third stage .
When the user turns off the clock alarm the light turns off and the circuit goes back to the first stage .
The time it takes for the light to reach its maximum intensity is determined by a parameter in the software and it is a multiple of 2 minutes .
So the minimum is two minutes , the maximum is about 8 hours , if that could be of any use .
I have set it for 20 minutes .
Of course , this requires me to set the alarm 20 minutes earlier than when I want it to sound .
Software is written in C and compiled with avr gcc .
It is available for free for personal use .
And finally , everything put together working :
The results :
Everything seems to be working fine , waiting real life testing .
But this has to wait for a few days until my vacation is over .
Still , the effect seems to be very pleasant : light starts emerging from total darkness , being reddish at the beginning and moving towards a bright white , much like a real sunrise .
If this proves to have a real benefit , I already have future plans for it : build a custom clock from zero , add a memory card for audio , maybe a brighter lamp and more functionality that this setup does n’t provide .
Update : Apr 21 , 2010
After more than a week of testing it the results are in : I managed to wake up before the sound alarm about half the times .
For the rest of the times , waking in a lit room seems much better than normal .
I am thinking of changing the position of the light and maybe getting a bigger one .
I am really pleased by the effect it has and I am looking forward to proving its good use in wintertime .
Update May 7 , 2011
I have just added a 60 Hz powerline frequency software version : sunrisesimulator60Hz
Sleeping with prostitutes , harassing staff , under indictment , getting freebies from money men and influence peddlers — all more or less compatible with remaining in office .
Criticizing Glenn Beck ?
Say Goodbye .
At least in South Carolina .
Christopher Hitchens has suspended the book tour in support of his bestselling memoir " Hitch - 22 " after receiving a diagnosis of cancer .
According to a brief statement by Hitchens released today by his publisher , Twelve , Hitchens says he has received medical advice to undergo a course of chemotherapy on his esophagus .
" This advice seems persuasive to me . "
The suspension of the tour was first announced yesterday , though at the time Hitchens ' publisher stated only that Hitchens was unable to travel for " personal reasons . "
There 's a strong linkage between esophageal cancer and smoking and alcohol consumption , according to the National Cancer Institute .
Though Hitchens ' statement does n't identify any cause , various blogs have already jumped on that linkage , pointing out how the well - known television commentator , author and Vanity Fair contributor is as well - known for the trademark drink and cigarette in his hand as for his provocative views .
A Washington Post profile earlier this month mentions that Hitchens tried to kick smoking a few years ago , only to return to it under the pressures of completing his memoir .
In a recent review of " Hitch - 22 " for the Los Angeles Times , Douglas Brinkley described the book as an engaging , entertaining mixture of nostalgia , polemic and literary reevaluation by a " rapscallion iconoclast . "
One wishes Hitchens well with his treatment -- and that it wo n't interfere too drastically with his singular voice .
-- Nick Owchar
Photo : Christopher Hitchens in 2010 .
Credit : Twelve Books
In an interview on CNBC today , Barney Frank expressed his displeasure at the notion that raising taxes on the rich might somehow impinge on their productivity , or inclination to work .
FRANK : THIS NOTION THAT PEOPLE ON WALL STREET , WHAT , THEY'RE NOT GOING TO WORK ON SATURDAYS BECAUSE THE AMOUNT OF INCOME OF INCOME AT $ 2 , 3 , 4 AND 5 HUNDRED THOUSAND IS BEING TAXED 3 % HIGHER ?
IT MAKES NO ECONOMIC SENSE .
BURNETT : IT MAY NOT .
SO IS THIS YOUR WAY OF SAYING , LOOK , I DON'T THINK IT MAKES ECONOMIC SENSE SO I AM GOING TO GO AHEAD AND PUSH HARD FOR THOSE TAX CUTS TO GO AWAY , FOR THE TAX RATE TO EFFECTUALLY GO UP ON THOSE PEOPLE IN JANUARY ?
FRANK : I FEEL I'M BEING SOMEWHAT CONSERVATIVE HERE .
BECAUSE THAT NOTED RADICAL ALAN GREENSPAN IS FOR LETTING ALL THE TAX CUTS EXPIRE .
PEOPLE IN THE MODERATE INCOME LEVEL WHERE I DISAGREE BECAUSE I DO THINK WE NOT ONLY HAVE AN EQUITY ISSUE , BUT THAT BOOSTS THE CONSUMPTION .
BUT YOU CANNOT CONSISTENTLY VOTE WITHOUT ANY COMPENSATION FOR AN EXTENSION OF THAT WAR IN IRAQ WHICH HAS BEEN SUCH A FAILURE FOR MORE TROOPS IN AFGHANISTAN , FOR TAX CUTS FOR PEOPLE WHO MAKE MILLIONS OF DOLLARS AND SAY , BY THE WAY , I'M AGAINST THE DEFICIT SO LET'S NOT HAVE UNEMPLOYMENT INSURANCE .
Chris Dolan : ' In many places [ in Africa ] for a man to be raped is effectively for him to be reduced to a woman , a status he has been brought up to believe is inferior '
The incentive to use rape as a weapon of war in Africa would be less if more was done to ensure men were involved in discussions about gender equality , claims the director of a human rights project in Uganda .
In an interview with Christian Aid , Chris Dolan , director of the Refugee Law Project , based at Makerere University , in Kampala , Uganda , said : " If gender equality were a reality , the incentive to use rape of men and women as a weapon of war would be reduced .
Unfortunately much of the gender work done to date has presented ' gender ' as essentially a discussion about women 's rights , rather than a conversation about the ramifications for both sexes .
As such , most men in most communities believe gender has nothing to do with them . "
He added : " It is quite amazing how , once the terms of a debate have been set - in this case about sexual violence being something affecting women only - it becomes impossible and even unthinkable to discuss other realities . "
Research by Dolan and his colleagues has particularly focused on cases of sexual violence against men , a taboo issue rarely acknowledged by governments , health agencies and non-government organisations ( NGOs ) .
" At a practical level , most institutions do not consider sexual violence against men and , as a result , have no service provision for them .
Clinics , hospitals and aid agencies dealing with sexual violence need to make provision for male victims and make it feasible for men to report without exposing themselves to public shame ...
Counsellors need to be trained on how to ask the right questions , " says Dolan .
Research by Dolan found that male rape has been a factor in various conflicts across Africa , including the Democratic Republic of the Congo ( DRC ) , Uganda , Mozambique and Zimbabwe , although it is rarely reported by those who have been attacked because of the associated shame and stigma .
In some cases men have been forced to rape " the enemy " or be killed themselves .
Men not able to penetrate another person often resort to using pieces of wood or bottles .
Interestingly , in Uganda , the Lord 's Resistance Army ( LRA ) , which waged war in northern Uganda for more than 20 years , was understood not to advocate male rape during the conflict .
Dolan said the rape of men " has consistently been attributed to members of the Ugandan army , not the LRA " .
Rape is " substantially under- reported " by women , but men almost never report it , said Dolan .
Stigma and shame
While women face the shame and stigma of attack , which can result in being ostracised from their communities , Dolan said research he carried out recently in DRC on community perceptions of sexual violence suggested the shame was worse for a man because of the higher status men are afforded in their communities .
" It is hard to imagine how the stigma could be worse , given the way in which women who have survived rape are often marginalised and even expelled from their families .
Nonetheless , that is the perception and it seems to be closely linked to two things .
" Firstly , prevailing patriarchal gender norms continue to place men above women ; the obvious result of being placed higher is that you have further to fall , both in your own eyes and in the eyes of those watching .
Indeed , in many places for a man to be raped is effectively for him to be reduced to a woman , a status he has been brought up to believe is inferior .
" Secondly , many respondents felt women were built by nature to be penetrated in a way that men were not and that their rape was therefore somehow less of a violation . "
If men did seek help after being raped , they often did so months after the attack , when it was often more difficult to deal with the physical and psychological effects .
And while women who have been raped are often accused of wanting it , men are often accused of being gay , a particularly uncomfortable label in some African states where homosexuality is illegal .
Dolan says one NGO in eastern DRC reported that six of the 16 cases of male rape it had worked with had either died of health complications or committed suicide .
The Refugee Law project provides counselling to victims of sexual and political violence .
In 2008 it released the documentary Gender against Men , which explored sexual and gender - based violence against men in the conflicts of the Great Lakes region .
The aim of the documentary was to raise awareness of the issue and to encourage more support for victims .
Little support seems to exist for men raped in conflict .
While the few places that specialise in dealing with sexual violence cases will take male victims , the numbers are very low .
This , says Dolan , is partly a reflection of the under - reporting of such cases , and partly because there is nothing to indicate to victims that these places are open to men as well as women .
" Male victims , just like female victims , should be able to access medical care in which the service providers are informed and have set aside any residual moral judgements , " said Dolan .
" The only priority of medical staff should be the victim 's dignity and recovery . "
Zelda Timeline
Zelda är ett av världens mest välkända spel .
Det första spelet The Legend of Zelda kom 1986 till Nintendo .
Året efter kom uppföljaren Zelda II : The Adventure of Link .
Det var de enda två spelen som släpptes till Nintendo .
1991 kom The Legend of Zelda : A Link to the Past till Super Nintendo .
Totalt finns det 19 olika Zeldaspel .
Det är ocks å nu det börjar bli lite krångligt .
Spelen är inte i kronologisk ordning .
Det nyaste spelet Breath of the Wild släpptes till Nintendo Wii U och Nintendo Switch 2017 och spelserien fyller 31 år i år .
Som man kan vänta sig så har spelet utvecklats rejält genom åren men det som är mest slående är faktiskt att The Legend of Zelda : A Link to the Past än i dag kan spelas med stort nöje .
Det spelet hade det som många andra spel idag saknar , en riktigt bra tanke .
Spelet var väldigt snyggt för sin tid , men utvecklarna la ned mycket energi på roliga pussel och knepiga gåtor som man var tvungen att försöka lösa för att ta sig vidare .
Dessa pussel är lika fyndiga idag som de var då .
Enda skillnaden är väl att en del av dessa pussel har kopierats i andra spel efter så om man spelar A Link to the Past för första gången idag så kanske man redan läst snarlika pussel i nyare spel som tagit efter originalet .
Eftersom Zelda är ett av världens mest välkända spel , och ocks å ett av världens mest omtyckta och spelade spel så känner jag att det vore kul att få lägga lite fokus på Zelda .
Likväl som andra likvärdiga spel .
Så den här sidan är till för dig som gillar spel i allmänhet och Zelda i synnerhet .
Häng med oss och njut av mängder av roliga spel som finns till alla olika konsoler idag .
Onlinespel och betting
Du kan betta på Zelda och alla möjliga spel via olika e-sportsajter .
Vissa av dem erbjuder välkomstbonusar och annat som hjälper en att få en bra start .
As you may have noticed , I ’m not the kind of person who just throws together things in the kitchen without a map , compass , 637 glowing reviews on Epicurious or a friend ’s sworn assurance , sometimes written , that a specific recipe is a guaranteed to blow the ennui right out of your taste buds .
Sure , I ’ll make small adjustments while I work on something to accommodate our personal preferences , but aside from pasta sauces , eggs and salad dressings , I rarely go it on my own intuition .
You see , my intuition has led me to all sort of unsavory places , in and out of the kitchen , though I ’ll save the latter for another time , or say , encyclopedia volume .
As for cooking , one time , my homemade oatmeal made me so violently ill , I had to cancel a date .
( Though perhaps , that was some conniving intuition , after all , as it was not with Alex .
Cue : swoon or nausea . )
The milk , as it turned out , was not past is expiration date but most - definitely rancid .
( The sniff test on all dairy products , from those from a friend ’s fridge to restaurants with $ 40 - entrees , has since been instituted , offended sensibilities be damned . )
Another time , I tried to bread and pan - fry tofu – because how hard could that be – and created a dish that was so foul , just the memory of it has killed my hunger pains for lunch .
So , as you see , these days I use recipes to anchor my cooking urges to a safe harbor .
Last year , I came across a recipe for Indian potato pancakes on Epicurious .
The reviews were far from glowing ; the recipe has its share of flaws but the idea of an Indian - spiced fritter rooted so firmly in my taste bud ’s anticipations , I knew I had to find a way to make it right or I ’d never get it out of my mind .
I exchanged potatoes for a mix of vegetables , doubled some and tripled other spices , added enough egg that the patties would hold together , reduced their oiliness and sweetened up the too - tangy yogurt , landing on a creation that Alex and I fell upon like a pack of wild dogs that had been denied whatever it is that makes them wild for months beforehand .
The next day , I brought some into work , where even the most unadventurous coworkers fell prey to the fritters ’ charm .
And , unexpectedly , I followed that whole “ gut ” thing far enough that I ended up with something almost as far from the original as one can get , and accidentally landed on one of the first recipes I can call even halfway my own .
I hope you like it as much as we do .
Indian - Spiced Vegetable Fritters with Curry - Lime Yogurt
Makes about 24 pancakes .
1/2 cup frozen peas
1 medium onion , peeled
1 large russet or Idaho potato , peeled
1 yam or sweet potato , peeled
1 large or 2 thin carrots , peeled
1 zucchini
4 large eggs
4 tablespoons all - purpose flour
1/2 teaspoon ground coriander
1/2 teaspoon ground turmeric
1 teaspoon ground cumin
A pinch of cayenne
2 tablespoons minced peeled fresh ginger
2 tablespoons minced fresh cilantro
Curry - Lime Yogurt
2 cups plain yogurt ( we love the Fage fat - free stuff )
2 teaspoons curry powder
1 teaspoon sugar
A squeeze or two of fresh lime juice , to taste
Salt and pepper
Preheat oven to 200 °F .
Place two nonstick baking sheets in oven .
In small saucepan , bring salted water to boil .
Add peas and cook , uncovered , until heated through , about 2 to 3 minutes .
Drain , then rinse in colander under cool , running water .
Set aside in colander to drain completely .
Using box grater or food processor² fitted with grating disc , coarsely grate onion , potatoes , carrot and zucchini and place in colander set in sink , setting aside to drain .
In large mixing bowl , lightly beat eggs .
Whisk in flour , coriander , turmeric , and cumin .
Mix in ginger , cilantro , and peas .
Press potatoes and onion to extract as much liquid as possible , then add to bowl .
Season mixture with salt and freshly ground black pepper .
Using wooden spoon or hands , mix well , but do not overwork .
In heavy - bottomed , 12 - inch non-stick³ skillet over moderately high heat , heat 1 - 2 tablespoons oil ( I used an extra - virgin olive oil spray I ’d found to lightly coat the pan ) ; until hot but not smoking .
Drop 4 scant 1/4 - cup portions of potato mixture into pan and flatten with spatula to form four 3 - inch pancakes .
Fry until bottoms are golden - brown ( the color really counts on this ; the darker you let it go , the more the pancake holds together – this goes for both sides . ) , 4 to 5 minutes , then turn over and fry until golden - brown and crisp , an additional 4 to 5 minutes .
Transfer to paper towels to drain ; season immediately with salt and pepper .
Keep warm on baking sheets in oven while making remaining pancakes .
Using paper towels , carefully wipe out pan .
And 1 tablespoon oil to the pan and fry 4 more pancakes .
Repeat with remaining batter , wiping out pan and adding 1 to 2 tablespoons oil before each batch .
Serve pancakes hot with Curry - Lime Yogurt .
¹ Or , you could do this step in the microwave , and save yourself a good bit of effort .
² Yet another recipe that yes , if you have a food processor , it takes no time at all to put this together .
That said , it makes for more coarsely - grated vegetables than doing it by hand , so they are slightly harder to assemble into pancakes .
³ I know there is a lot of head - shaking at nonstick these days , and I , too , try to avoid it when possible .
Still , pancakes like this are much , much more difficult to make without non-stick , as you ’ll end up using tablespoon after tablespoon of oil to keep the fritters from sticking .
Do More : Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
Print
Email
New COVID Cases Above 42,000
In US
No relief is reported in coronavirus infections and deaths due to the disease in the United States , the country worst - affected by the pandemic .
With the addition of 42,884 coronavirus - related cases in the last 24 hours , total number of infections in the U.S. reached 7233946 .
961 deaths in the same period took the total coronavirus death toll in the country to 206959 .
Meanwhile , thousands of empl
Halo Labs Launches Sale Of Cannabis Edibles Under Hush Brand In California Cannabis company Halo Labs Inc. has launched the sale of cannabis - infused gummies under the Hush brand in California .
The Canada - based company said its wholly - owned distribution subsidiary , Mendo Distribution and Transportation LLC , has commenced sales in California of its new 10 - piece , cannabis - infused ...
Regeneron Says Antibody Cocktail REGN-COV2 Reduced Symptoms In COVID - 19 Patients Regeneron Pharmaceuticals , Inc. announced positive first data from a descriptive analysis of a seamless Phase 1/2/3 trial of its investigational antibody cocktail REGN - COV2 in COVID - 19 patients .
REGN -COV2 rapidly reduced viral load and associated symptoms in infected COVID - 19 patients .
The company said it plans rapidly to discuss results with regulatory authorities .
Americans Drinking More During COVID - 19 Pandemic : Study
A study conducted among Americans shows their consumption of alcohol increased considerably during the coronavirus pandemic compared to the corresponding period last year .
Heavy drinking could affect their physical and mental health , RAND Corporation sociologist Michael Pollard and colleagues stated Tuesday , based on their research findings .
A survey among 1540 adults in the age range of 30 - 80 y
Slang Worldwide To Acquire Cannabis Cultivator Pleasant Valley Ranch Slang Worldwide Inc. , a Canada - based cannabis consumer packaged goods company , said it has agreed to acquire Colorado - licensed cannabis cultivator Pleasant Valley Ranch , LLC .
The acquisition is part of Slang 's strategy of consolidating its supply chain in Colorado .
Slang said it will acquire Pleasant ...
150 Million Covid Rapid Tests To Be Distributed Nationwide
The Trump Administration announced a national plan to distribute 150 million Abbott rapid point - of - care coronavirus tests in the coming weeks to assist Governors ' efforts to safely reopen their states and schools .
Explaining its details at a White House news conference , President Donald Trump said 50 million tests will go to protect the most vulnerable communities , and 100 million tests will be g
Global COVID - 19 Deaths Cross 1 Million
The world on Tuesday recorded a terrible milestone of the number of people dying from coronavirus infection reaching 1 million .
The United States , Brazil and India make up nearly half of the total death toll globally , with U.S. recording the most deaths and infections .
With the addition of 33,735 coronavirus - related cases in the last 24 hours , total number of infections in the U.S. reached 71490
Aurora Cannabis Says Nelson Peltz Resigns As Senior Advisor Aurora Cannabis Inc. said Monday that activist investor Nelson Peltz has resigned as a senior advisor to the company , effective September 25 , 2020 .
The Canadian cannabis company disclosed Peltz 's resignation while announcing details about its annual general meeting to be held on November 12 , 2020 . " … 280 ...
21 US States Report Rise
In COVID - 19 Cases
Although coronavirus deaths and cases dipped over the weekend nationally , 21 states in the United States are reporting increased numbers of new infections , according to Johns Hopkins University 's latest data .
Most of the states that reported a weekly rise of around 10 percent are in the West .
Alabama , Alaska , Colorado , Idaho , Maine , Michigan , Minnesota , Montana , Nevada , New Jersey , New Mexico , N
Neptune Wellness Inks Distribution Deal With Global Consumer Goods Company Neptune Wellness Solutions , a Canada - based health and wellness as well as cannabis extraction company , has entered into a distribution partnership with one of the world 's leading consumer goods companies .
However , the company did not disclose the name of the consumer goods company .
But Neptune had ...
Dr. Fauci Stresses Need For Masks , Public Health Measures Even After Vaccination
As the coronavirus cases in the United States move closer to 7 million , the country 's top infectious disease expert warned not to downplay the relevance of current public health measures such as wearing a mask , social distancing and washing hands even if an effective Covid - 19 vaccine is developed and distributed nationwide .
" I think if we can get 75 to 80 percent of the population vaccinated , I t
Khiron Life Sciences Fills First Prescriptions For Medical Cannabis In Peru Khiron Life Sciences Corp. said Thursday it has filled the first prescriptions for medical cannabis to patients in Peru , and also surpassed the milestone of 3,000 medical cannabis prescriptions in Colombia .
Khiron noted that it is the first company to sell and fill full - spectrum high CBD or cannabidiol ...
U.S. States Granted $ 200 Mln To Prepare For Covid -19 Vaccine President Donald Trump announced that his administration is awarding $ 200 million of CARES
Act funding to all 50 states to prepare to distribute a coronavirus vaccine to high - risk residents .
Addressing a news conference at the White House , Trump said four vaccine candidates in the United States have reached the final stage of clinical trials , with Johnson & Johnson being the latest .
Ethos Cannabis Enters Maryland Market By Acquiring Rights
To 4 Front Dispensaries Ethos Cannabis , a Pennsylvania - based multi-state cannabis operator , has announced its entry into the Maryland market .
The company said it has officially acquired the right to manage and ultimately purchase Maryland medical cannabis dispensaries of 4 Front Ventures Corp. , which are currently operated ...
HILLSIDE —
The huge black billboard is hard to miss , looming over a stretch of Route 22 in Hillside like a harbinger of death , or at least the right to die :
" My Life My Death My Choice FinalExitNetwork.org "
The 15 - by - 49 - foot billboard stands on the westbound side of the highway , facing eastbound traffic .
The message went up June 28 , paid for by Final Exit Network , a nationwide group that provides guidance to adults seeking to end a life of constant pain from incurable illness .
The billboard , along with one in San Francisco and another planned for Florida , anchor a national campaign by the network to raise awareness of itself and its mission .
Members say the locations were chosen for their reputations as socially progressive and , in Florida ’s case , for its elderly population .
" What we ’re trying to do is let people know that Final Exit Network exists , and that we ’re here , and if they spend a little time trying to find out what we do , they might actually support us , " said Bob Levine , 88 , of Princeton , who founded the group ’s New Jersey chapter after his first wife died of cancer .
Levine said reaction on the organization ’s website has been mixed : " From , ‘ God bless you , we finally have somebody who understands us , ’ to ‘ You are a bunch of atheists and you ought to be put in jail . ’ "
Criticism has also come from two other corners : suicide prevention counselors and the Catholic Church .
More coverage :
• Assisted suicide group Final Exit Network plans billboards for N.J. and California
• Study finds rural New Jersey has state 's highest suicide rates
Jim Goodness , a spokesman for the Archdiocese of Newark , said the message " cannot be condoned . "
" The Catholic Church teaches , and has always taught , that all human life has dignity and all human life is precious , " he said .
Therapists called the billboard " irresponsible , " arguing it could serve as a " tipping point " for troubled teens or others at risk of suicide .
" The idea of any of these upset , impressionable kids seeing a billboard like that absolutely horrifies me , " said Judith Springer , a Morristown psychologist and board member of the Society for the Prevention of Teen Suicide .
" You ca n’t filter who sees a publicly displayed sign . "
At least one motorist driving by the billboard had a similar opinion .
Minji Ryu , 30 , of South Amboy , said the billboard ’s message was vague and could " give a totally different message to teenagers , " who might take it as condoning suicide under any circumstance .
James Pride , 54 , of Newark , a plumber who was getting gas at a station near the billboard , said he had n’t noticed the sign , but once the issue was explained to him said , " I can understand it in certain situations . "
The network takes its name from the 1991 best seller , " Final Exit : The Practicalities of Self - Deliverance and Assisted Suicide for the Dying , " by Derek Humphry .
Humphry , an advisor to the network , said this is the first right - to - die public awareness campaign in the U.S. to use billboards .
" Nobody in the movement has had the idea before , " the 80 - year - old author said .
" It ’s the freedom of information , the right to express yourself , which is holy in America .
People are entitled to look at it or not .
I think it ’s a good idea to get people thinking . "
The network does not advocate physician - assisted suicide , a practice associated with Jack Kevorkian , who served eight years in prison on a second - degree murder charge in Michigan in 1999 , after he gave a lethal injection to a man with Lou Gehrig ’s Disease .
Instead , it recommends suffocation by donning an air - tight hood and inhaling helium pumped in through a tube .
" We offer guidance and the most current information known for self - deliverance when the person is ready to choose , " according to the network ’s website .
" Safeguards are in place to insure that the person ’s decision is voluntary and repeatedly stated . "
Levine , a retired engineer , said safeguards include an interview with end - of - life " guides , " who also require medical records of an illness .
" I think it is outrageous for somebody to tell me how I can end my life , " he said .
" Who appointed them in charge of my life ?
I think it ’s kind of sad that people make this assumption that there ’s not really much they can do about it .
If somebody wants to end their life , there ’s too many cases where , rather than doing it in a way that we advise , they shoot themselves or jump off a building . "
Levine said Final Exit has 3,000 members nationwide , with 109 in New Jersey .
The network has guided dozens of suicides , he said , including " at least one " in New Jersey , which Levine refused to identify .
Thomas E. Goodwin , a physician who founded the network in Florida in 2004 , is facing criminal charges of violating Georgia ’s law against assisted suicide in the 2008 death of a 58 - year - old man at his home near Atlanta .
Network members face similar charges in Arizona .
New Jersey also prohibits assisted suicide .
Hillside Mayor Joe Menza said he did not condone the message , and that his own father clung to life despite cancer that killed him at age 65 .
But he said he had n’t received any complaints about the billboard and that the group had a right to deliver its message .
" They do have freedom of speech , " he said .
Staff writer Rohan Mascarenhas contributed to this story .
" After 100 days at sea , " David de Rothschild suggests , " you realise that it should be called planet Ocean rather than planet Earth . "
De Rothschild is speaking from the island of New Caledonia – " an odd little bit of France in the South Seas " – the night before his boat , the Plastiki , embarks on the final leg of a voyage that should finish in Sydney harbour in a fortnight .
The Plastiki , a revolutionary catamaran , is kept afloat by 12,500 plastic bottles in its hulls ; the " eco-adventure " has been designed to draw attention to our systematic pollution and over - fishing of oceans .
In the three and a half months since De Rothschild , the refusenik 31 - year - old son of the banking dynasty , and his crew of five set out from San Francisco they have discovered many things , but mainly , he says , they have learned about the sea , about its power and about its fragility .
The power was amply demonstrated on the leg of the journey just completed , the 1,700 miles from Samoa , during which the vessel 's unconventional construction was rigorously tested by 13ft swells and 35 - knot winds for days on end .
It is hard not to be reminded of your insignificance in the universe , De Rothschild says , when hanging off the side of a yacht made partly of plastic bottles , 1,000 miles from land in the pitch dark , while the Pacific breaks over you .
The ocean 's fragility they witnessed in the place where much of the world 's discarded plastic ends up , the " eastern garbage patch " .
This , the focus of their voyage , is a floating " continent " of debris .
Nothing that the crew had read in advance could prepare them for what they found navigating an area twice as large as the North Sea .
" You do n't see it at first , " De Rothschild says .
" But when you get into the sea , and under the water , you realise that it is all like a soup , millions and millions of tiny fragments of plastic , suspended in the water .
It is mostly microscopic , but once your eye adjusts you start to see the reflectiveness of some of the larger pieces .
The red fragments stand out most clearly . "
The garbage patch was first identified 12 years ago within the " North Pacific gyre " – a vortex where the ocean circulates slowly because of light wind and extreme high pressure systems .
Oceanographers have since suggested that perhaps 100 million tonnes of plastic are held in suspension in these waters .
One of the things that the Plastiki voyage has demonstrated is just how durable modern polymers are : the pressurised bottles of its hull have hardly been knocked out of shape , let alone broken up by the 8,000 - mile voyage .
" That 's why just about every plastic bottle that has been made still exists , " De Rothschild says .
The voyage has been overshadowed by the more graphic pollution of the BP oil spill , but even that is dwarfed by the scale of the problem the Plastiki highlights .
While the deaths of seabirds and marine life in the Gulf of Mexico are still being measured in the hundreds , according to the UN Environment Programme , plastic debris causes the deaths of more than a million seabirds every year , and more than 100,000 marine mammals .
Back in 2006 , the UN concluded that every square mile of ocean contains 46,000 pieces of floating plastic .
Since then the problem has only grown .
" One of the difficulties in conveying it to people , " De Rothschild says , " is that you can't photograph it , the flecks are too small .
What perhaps makes it most relevant and real for individuals is the health aspect of it .
These particles are ingested by marine life and pass into our food chain .
We all do it : we throw this stuff , this packaging , what I call dumb plastic , into the bin , and we think it has gone .
But it comes back to us one way or another .
Some of it ends up on our dinner plates . "
The voyage was inspired by Thor Heyerdahl 's Pacific journey on the Kon -Tiki in 1947 .
Olav Heyerdahl , the Norwegian explorer 's grandson , has been aboard for part of the Plastiki adventure .
The comparison between the two voyages illustrates other aspects of the ocean 's fragility , De Rothschild believes .
" When you watch the film of Kon -Tiki and read Heyerdahl 's account , you are struck by how alive the ocean seemed then , " he says .
" They were literally having to throw fish off the raft . "
That has not been the Plastiki experience at all .
" For us it has been much more , where is everybody ?
We have seen a couple of dolphins , a couple of distant whales , a few flying fish , [ but ] other than that , nothing . "
Heyerdahl could survive on fish , but on board the Plastiki they have caught only a couple of tuna in three months , despite having their lines in the water every day .
" When you start reading about 80 % of the world 's fish stocks being gone , it 's hard to believe , " De Rothschild says .
" But then you come out here . "
Even in the middle of the world 's largest ocean it is hard to avoid some of the habits that have created the problem .
At Christmas Island , where much of the food arrives in American packaging , " popsicle bags are a scourge " .
On Samoa , villages compete over recycling plans , but as soon as villagers were out of their backyard De Rothschild watched young and old throwing plastic bottles into the sea .
One of the more gratifying aspects of the voyage has been the way that the message seems to have been communicated .
Plastiki has a vivid ship - to - shore blog – " talking about the ocean from the ocean " – and there has been excitement wherever they have docked .
In New Caledonia , De Rothschild says , perhaps three quarters of the people who have seen the boat in the harbour said they had read about it and supported the project .
That did n't stop him witnessing one " supporter " subsequently chucking bags full of rubbish over the side of his boat .
" None of us likes the idea of fouling our own nest , " he says .
" But we are not good at thinking of the whole world as our nest . "
The Plastiki team do not do pessimism , though sometimes De Rothschild admits he feels like he is banging his head against a brick wall .
Their own on board efforts at self - sufficiency have gone well , composting waste , powering batteries with a mixture of solar panels and bicycle - powered turbines .
Even so , he is confronted by the fact that , however good your intentions , it is hard to live a life without plastic .
When we speak , De Rothschild has just done the shopping for the Sydney leg of the voyage .
In the supermarket all the vegetables and all the salad were wrapped in plastic .
" It 's like a disease , " he says .
" But we have to believe the argument can be won .
Getting rid of dumb plastic , bags in particular , could be a very simple piece of legislation ; making supermarkets use reusables is not so hard . "
The crew 's website is full of stories of people " doing their own Plastiki " , pledging to eliminate plastic bottles from their school or workplace , or creating a zero waste policy .
De Rothschild hopes the voyage can be a metaphor for this .
" We are just a bunch of citizens , we are not scientists or marine biologists , but we want to show that if we work together we can do something . "
That sense of teamwork has no doubt been tested on board the catamaran .
I saw the Plastiki in San Francisco before it set off , and was struck by how limited the space was – a tiny geodesic dome of cabin – not least for the 6ft 4in de Rothschild : how have they coped ?
" Usually you are so exhausted by the end of the day that you could sleep anywhere , " he says .
" It 's a really odd contrast , you are on this tiny platform and yet you have this enormous space around you .
It becomes a little dance , in a way : you are fantastically aware of the other people , how they move .
But we have a rule that if you say ' fuck , you are annoying me ' , which we all do , then it has to be done in a spirit of jest . "
Sydney is not so far away , but there are some rough seas and weather forecast , so he is trying not to look too far ahead .
" It will be a chapter over , " he says .
" But we are only just beginning to get this message across .
The boat will go around the world , I hope , as a symbol of that .
I feel , in every sense , that we are in the calm before the storm . "
visual - prof profiles your Haskell program and generates a html file containing its source code with parts of the code highlighted in different colors depending on the fraction of the running time that they take .
visual - prof gives you an easy way to find places for optimization in your code .
Usage :
visual - prof - px A/B / C.hs run " arg1 arg2 "
This will profile the C.hs file used by run.hs which contains the Main module of your project .
Arguments to ./ run are passed as shown ( arg1 , arg2 , ... ) .
The parameters should be given in that order .
The simplest way to run it is :
visual - prof - px test.hs test
which will generate a profile for the file test.hs ( which needs to have a main function )
MEL Gibson and Roman Polanski have three main things in common .
First , they are both Academy Award - winning directors , Mel for Braveheart , Roman for The Pianist .
Second , they 've been making news for the wrong reasons .
Third , they both score an entry in Dickipedia , a website that calls itself '' the Wiki of dicks ' ' .
When it comes to reaction to their respective crimes and misdemeanours , however , they seem to be poles apart ( no pun intended ) .
According to Dicki , '' Gibson is a classically trained and fairly versatile actor … he has been a burn out , a desolate loner , a crackpot with a death wish , an inciter of rebellion , a mutineer , and a disfigured freak .
He has also played these roles in films . ''
Funny because it 's not entirely untrue .
Film buffs point out how Mel has made a career playing unstable heroes .
His characters seem to take a perverse pleasure in being tortured .
A summary : Mad Max ( mad , battered ) , Lethal Weapon ( mad , electrocuted ) , Braveheart ( mad , disembowelled ) , Hamlet ( mad , mentally tortured ) .
Not all his roles fit this pattern .
Critics tend to overlook What Women Want , in which he plays a guy who knows what women want , and Tim , in which he plays a man called Tim .
Admittedly , even Mel did n't go so far as to cast himself as Jesus in The Passion of the Christ , a three - hour torture de force , but it 's Mel 's hand that we see in close - up banging the first nail into Jesus ' hand .
We are all guilty , you see .
Original sin .
Puschino Radioastronomical
Observatory is the oldest Russia ’s scientific establishment that is engaged in radioastronomic research .
It was established on 11 April , 1956 , when the authorities gave permission to build the institution and fix up a radio telescope on its area .
Currently there are 2,5 radio telescopes ( one of them only with its East - West axes working ) operating at the observatory : RT - 22 FIAN , DKR - 1000 and BSA FIAN .
On the header image you can see an experimental telescope .
These things are dotted around the whole area of the observatory and wired up together .
Radio telescope BSA FIAN , an antenna array , consists of 16,384 dipoles .
The whole thing occupies the area of more than 70 square kilometres ( 44 sq. miles . )
Wiry skies .
RT - 22 against the background of the antenna array .
DKR - 1000 and BSA .
And now let ’s get down to a classic radio telescope – RT - 22 .
A main pod with equipment inside .
Altogether this giant weights more than 450 tonnes with diameter of the dish more than 22 meters ( 73 feet . )
A hardware room .
Device that stays at the center shows bearing and elevation angles of the telescope .
That ’s the place where the telescope ’s control is maintained ; to the left sits a usual control system - backed IBM PC .
Base of the telescope is a 152 - mm turret barbette of a half - constructed and later , in the 1950 ’s , dismantled armoured cruiser .
The last of - this - kind - survived cruisers is ‘ Mikhail Kutuzov ’ that is kept in Novosibirsk as a museum .
A traversing pinion .
These are data cables by which sensed and then compressed to 200MHz signal is transmitted to the hardware room .
Cables are just one - turn long and then you need to spin the telescope away again , but that does n’t bother anybody ; the principal direction is south side one .
But it is whispered among conservatory employees that once there was a student in training who spin the microscope too strong and torn the best part of cables .
One month on a renewal and , of course , fixing a limiter .
But barbette itself has a real air of cruiser inside – rivets , inch - thick metal walls and a silent squeeze .
A motor that spins the telescope according to bearing .
Another room which is located on the telescope mount with secondary equipment inside .
Do you know how astronomers over here call telescopes ?
Tools !
Here you can see a tool with dish diameter of 22 meters ( 73 feet . )
RadioAstron project ’s launch is scheduled on June 21 , 2010 ; soon enough , it is .
A 10 meter long ( 33 feet ) space radio telescope is supposed to be launched into the Earth orbit and left there for lots and lots of years ( and maybe not ) to go to explore the outer space far and wide .
Story and photos via russos
I ’ve started investigating Space Station 13 , a sci- fi multiplayer sandbox with the same utterly batshit more - is - more design as Dwarf Fortress .
It uses Byond , and with that installed you can get SS13 here .
The comprehensive Something Awful goon wiki can be read here and there ’s a big map of the station here .
The game lets you pick your job on the crew each game , but I ’ve decided to shirk the responsibility of being captain , chief engineer , detective and so on to see what can be done as a humble barman .
This , Episode 1 , covers my first hour with the game on a sparsely populated server .
This is the adventures of Galactic Bartender Gengy Patel .
Barman ’s log , stardate 40125.8 .
Dunno where to begin .
I guess I should be in the bar right now instead of recording this , but the power ’s still down over there and I need to take a break .
And find a gun .
But let ’s start by takin’ a break .
The crew here must have gone without a drink for some time , because there ’s a weird tension to this place .
I noticed it after I ’d stepped off the arrival shuttle and nabbed a coffee from the vending machine .
It was so quiet .
This place did n’t feel like my new home .
It felt like a hundred accidents waiting to happen , all of them stacked in a pyramid formation like fancy waterskiers .
It made me nervous .
I figured I ’d make my way to my bar and I found my first station resident on the way .
He was some kind of security bigwig .
He was also fast asleep and nothing could rouse him .
Strange , yeah , but just really awkward .
Was this guy my new boss ?
I picked up a label gun from a nearby side table , stamped “ Hi! Cheers ! ” onto his desk and left .
And then I found that bar of mine .
“ Is that a … ” It was , no word of a lie , a monkey .
In my bar .
This would n’t do .
No way .
Figuring out what it was doing there was going to have to take a backseat to health and safety .
I began looking around for something to beat it up with .
I mean , it was n’t doin ’ anyone any harm , but like I say , health and safety is dead important in a work environment .
I ’d just found a beer bottle when I started getting messages through the ol’ radio earpiece .
“ Is anybody there ” , said this voice .
“ I ’ve had an accident . ”
“ Hi ! ” I sent .
“ Me here .
Gengy ’s the name .
I ’m new .
How can I help you ? ”
“ Can you get to Genetics ? ” said the guvnor .
“ An experiment went wrong .
I ’m kinda deaf and kinda blind . ”
I gave the monkey a look that said “ Do n’t touch anything , or drink anything , or dirty the place up , because if you do I ’ll have to hurt you and it wo n’t trouble me one bit melad because I ’ve been doing this for a long time , 14 years in fact ” and went off to look for Genetics .
I passed an even more odd fella on the way there .
He was busying himself with all sorts of fuel tanks , gas canisters and other explosives in the middle of the corridor .
Nothin ’ to do with me though .
“ Let sleeping space - dogs lie ” and all that .
Turns out Genetics is in the far corner of the Medical section .
I made it to the lobby when the blind Guvnor piped up again .
“ Hang on , ” he says .
“ What ’s your job ? ” I told him I was a barman of 14 years experience and proud of it , and he only goes and tells me my clearance level is n’t high enough and I ’ll have to break in .
“ You ’ll need a wrench , a screwdriver , a crowbar and a multitool , ” he says .
And then he says “ No , wait .
You ’ll just need a crowbar and a welding tool . ”
I found the crowbar in an emergency toolbox just down the hall , and told the guvnor so .
“ But there ’s a bit of a problem , ” says I . “ The lights over here are starting to go out .
I think we ’re losing power .
And all of the doors have stopped opening .
I think I ’m stuck . ”
As everybody knows , losing power in space is just no good .
So I was in a bit of a pickl–
There !
That ’s the same lad from before !
What in the blazes is he up to ?
Is he off cutting the station ’s power lines ?
Fiddling with the power core ?
Doing whoopsies in the hydroponics ?
I ’m not cut out for proper rogues .
I have n’t the foggiest how to defend meself .
Best I just help get the Guvnor back on his feet and let him deal with any rogues .
So the Guvnor tells me I can open non-security doors with the crowbar , meaning if I want a welding tool I ’m going to have to pry my way into that bit of the station where I saw that jumpsuit guy wandering about .
Cor , give me strength .
So I find the welding tool in a store room and go running back to Medical , where the Guvnor sets me to work taking apart a wall .
It sounds dead simple .
I use the welding tool on the wall , then the crowbar on the melted wall , and then - wait .
There ’s still a fat girder in the way .
The Guvnor apologises and says I ’ll also need a wrench , so it ’s back to the storehouse I go , picking my way through the shadows and expecting to be beset by some grubby little rogue with a pair of pliers at any second .
The Guvnor tells me to make sure I ’ve turned off the welding torch , but I ca n’t figure out how and leave it on the floor .
Finally I disassemble the girder only to find myself in a morgue with nothing but locked doors in every direction .
The Guvnor tells me to burn through another wall , which is problematic as I never told him I could n’t figure out how to turn off the welding tool and it ’s now empty .
It ’s at about this point I hear a repeated smashing noise .
I head back to the Medical foyer where I see a trail of smashed glass all the way to Genetics !
Turns out while I was manually taking apart the wall , I could have just grab a bleedin ’ fire extinguisher and gone bashing through the windows in the foyer .
I was livid .
So we finally reached Genetics , meself and this jumpsuit guy , and then he took off his jumpsuit and to tell you the truth at this point I was beyond caring why anybody was doing anything in particular .
“ Great , ” came the voice of the Guvnor again over the radio .
“ That ’s me , that corpse over there .
If you can get power to the cloning vats and find my record you can bring me back . ”
Well , that was about when I decided that this lot could fend for their bloody selves .
Restore power to the cloning vats ?
Jog on .
And you know what the worst part is ?
Something tells me this all could have gone so much more wrong .
All you ’d need to do was double or triple the number of staff .
Maybe I will go back to that bar .
I need a drink .
Hiroshima and the Myths of Empire Editor ’s Note : A pivotal moment in modern world history occurred 65 years ago when President Harry Truman authorized the dropping of two atomic bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki , Japan , effectively ending World War II .
However , the mythology that the U.S. government then constructed around the attacks to rationalize the horrific slaughter to the American people represented the start of a new conflict , a propaganda war that would justify the transformation of the U.S. political system from a Republic to an Empire , as Gary G. Kohls notes in this guest essay :
Since the first atomic bomb was dropped on Hiroshima on Aug. 6 , 1945 , millions of Americans have not wanted to address honestly the horror of that moment .
Many were willing to swallow the post - war propaganda about the destruction of the city as necessary to avert the even worse death and devastation from a full - scale U.S. invasion of Japan .
Email
Printer friendly
To conceal the full , horrible truth about the nuclear destruction of Hiroshima and then Nagasaki , General Douglas MacArthur applied censorship of post - war information coming out of Japan , especially the photographic documentation of what the atomic bombs had done .
Even the passage of time did not end the determination of some Americans to insist on the moral high ground , despite living in the only nation ever to detonate an atomic bomb against human targets .
In 1995 , when the Smithsonian Institute was preparing an honest , historically - accurate display dealing with the 50th anniversary of the atomic bombings , the balanced presentation ran into political trouble .
Amid much right - wing reactionary wrangling from various ultrapatriotic veterans groups all the way up to House Speaker Newt Gingrich and the GOP - dominated Congress , the Smithsonian was forced to eliminate all the painful but contextually important parts of the story , especially the Japanese civilian stories .
So , we had another example of politically powerful conservative groups heavily influencing public policy - and altering real history - because they were afraid of revealing unpleasant and potentially “ unpatriotic ” historical truths .
The historians did have a metaphorical gun to their heads , of course , but in the melee , the mainstream media - and therefore the public - ignored a vital historical point .
And that is this :
The war could have ended quickly without the atomic bombs and without much additional bloodshed .
Diplomacy could have ended the war without the American land invasion of Japan , which the subsequent propaganda campaigns ( rationalizing the use of atomic weapons of mass destruction on civilian populations ) had claimed would otherwise be necessary .
American intelligence , with the full knowledge of President Harry Truman , was aware of Japan 's desperate search for ways to honorably surrender weeks before Truman gave the fateful order to incinerate , without warning , nearly 100,000 defenseless civilians of Hiroshima .
American intelligence data , revealed in the 1980s , showed that the contingency plans for a large - scale U.S. invasion ( planned for no sooner than Nov. 1 , 1945 ) likely would have been unnecessary .
Japan was working on peace negotiations with the Allies through its Moscow ambassador as early as April of 1945 ( roughly the point when its Axis ally Germany faced total defeat in Europe ) .
Truman knew of these developments , the U.S. having broken the Japanese code years earlier , and all of Japan 's military and diplomatic messages were being intercepted .
On July 13 , 1945 , Foreign Minister Togo said : " Unconditional surrender ( giving up all sovereignty ) is the only obstacle to peace . "
The war could have ended through diplomacy by simply conceding a post - war figurehead position for the emperor – who was regarded as a deity in Japan .
That reasonable concession was refused by the U.S. in its demand for unconditional surrender .
Still , the Japanese continued searching for an honorable peace through negotiations but the devastating bombs were dropped anyway .
And after the war , interestingly , the emperor was allowed to remain in place as spiritual head of Japan , the very condition that made the Japanese leadership refuse to accept the surrender terms of the Potsdam Declaration .
So the questions that need answering to figure out what really happened are two :
1 ) Why did the U.S. refuse to accept Japan 's only demand concerning its surrender ( retaining the emperor ) , a point that was conceded after the fact , and 2 ) with the war essentially at an end without needing to use the bombs , what were the reasons to proceed ?
Shortly after WWII , military analyst Hanson Baldwin wrote : " The Japanese , in a military sense , were in a hopeless strategic situation by the time the Potsdam Declaration ( insisting on Japan ’s unconditional surrender ) was made on July 26 , 1945 . "
Admiral William Leahy , top military aide to President Truman , said in his war memoirs , I Was There : " It is my opinion that the use of this barbarous weapon at Hiroshima and Nagasaki was of no material assistance in our war against Japan .
“ The Japanese were already defeated and ready to surrender because of the effective sea blockade and the successful bombing with conventional weapons .
My own feeling is that in being the first to use it , we had adopted an ethical standard common to the barbarians of the Dark Ages . "
And General Dwight D. Eisenhower , in a personal visit to President Truman a couple of weeks before the bombings , urged him not to use the atomic bomb .
Eisenhower said : " It was n’t necessary to hit them with that awful thing . . . to use the atomic bomb , to kill and terrorize civilians , without even attempting [ negotiations ] , was a double crime . "
Truman proceeded with the plans to use the bombs .
There are a number of factors that contributed to Truman ’s decisions .
1 ) The U.S. had made a huge investment in time , mind and money ( $ 2 billion in 1940 dollars ) to produce three bombs , and there was no inclination - and no guts - to stop the momentum .
2 ) The U.S. military and political leadership – as did many ordinary Americans - had a tremendous appetite for revenge because of Pearl Harbor and other bloody battles in the Pacific .
Mercy was n't in the mindset of the U.S. military or the war - weary populace , and the missions against Hiroshima and Nagasaki were accepted -- no questions asked -- by those who were fed the sanitized version of events .
3 ) The fissionable material in Hiroshima 's bomb was uranium and Nagasaki ’s was plutonium .
Scientific curiosity was a significant factor that pushed the project to its completion , even if peace was at hand .
The Manhattan Project scientists and U.S. Army director of the project , Leslie Groves , wanted answers to the multitude of questions raised by the project , including “ what would happen if an entire city was leveled by a single nuclear bomb ? ”
The decision to use both bombs had been made well in advance of their actual deployment , with the first attack leaving no time for a war - devastated Japan to respond before the second bomb was dropped .
The three - day interval was unconscionably short , especially since Japan ’s communications and transportation capabilities were in shambles , and no one , not even the U.S. military , much less the Japanese high command , fully understood what had happened at Hiroshima on Aug .
6 . The Manhattan Project was so top secret that even General Douglas MacArthur , commanding general of the entire Pacific theatre , had been kept out of the loop about the existence of the bombs until five days before Hiroshima .
4 ) The Russians had proclaimed their intent to enter the war with Japan 90 days after V - E Day ( Victory in Europe , May 8 ) , which would have been Aug. 8 , two days after Hiroshima was bombed .
Indeed , Russia did declare war on Japan on Aug. 8 and was advancing eastward across Manchuria when Nagasaki was incinerated .
The U.S. did n't want Japan surrendering to Russia ( soon to be fingered as a future enemy ) so the first nuclear " messages " of the infantile Cold War were sent .
Russia indeed received far less of the spoils of war than they had anticipated , and the two superpowers were instantly mired in the Cold War stalemate that eventually resulted in their mutual moral and economic bankruptcies that happened a couple of generations later .
An estimated 80,000 innocent and defenseless civilians , plus 20,000 essentially weaponless young Japanese conscripts died instantly in the Hiroshima bombing .
Hundreds of thousands more suffered slow deaths from agonizing bums , radiation sickness , leukemia and infections for the rest of their shortened lives , and generations of the survivor 's progeny inherited horrible radiation - induced illnesses , cancers and premature deaths .
Largely withheld from the American public was the fact that 12 American Navy pilots , their existence well known to the U.S. command , were instantly incinerated in the Hiroshima jail on Aug .
6 . The 75,000 Nagasaki victims who died in the Aug. 9 carnage were virtually all civilians , except for the inhabitants of an allied POW camp near Nagasaki 's ground zero .
They were incinerated , carbonized or instantly vaporized by a scientific experiment carried out by obedient , unaware scientists and soldiers who were just doing their duty .
The War Department knew of the existence of the POWs and , when reminded , simply replied : " Targets previously assigned for Centerboard ( code name for the Kokura / Nagasaki mission ) remain unchanged . "
So the official version of the end of the war in the Pacific contained a new batch of myths that took their place among the long lists of myths that Americans are continuously fed by our corporate , military , political and media opinion leaders , the gruesomeness of war being altered to glorification in the process .
Some of the other sanitized realities , of course , include what really happened in the U.S. military invasions and occupations of the countries of North Korea , Iran , Vietnam , Laos , Cambodia , Lebanon , Grenada , Panama , the Philippines , Chile , El Salvador , Nicaragua , Guatemala , Honduras , Haiti , Colombia , Kuwait , Iraq , Afghanistan , etc , etc .
This list does n’t cover the uncountable Pentagon / CIA covert operations and assassination plots in the rest of the known world .
But somehow most of us still hang on to our shaky " my country right or wrong " patriotism , desperately wanting to believe the cunningly - orchestrated myths that say that our nation only works for peace , justice , equality , liberty and spreading democracy while being blind to the obvious reality that the U.S. mainly supports right - wing quasi-military dictatorships that make the world safe for exploitive predatory capitalism .
While it is true that the U.S. military has faced down the occasional despot , with necessary sacrifice from American soldiers , more often than not the methods of rationalizing the atrocities of war are identical to those of the " godless communists " or " evil empires " on the other side of the battle line .
Aug. 6 and 9 , 1945 , are just two more examples of the brutalization of a " total war ” political agenda , which is always accompanied by the unforgivable human slaughter that is euphemistically called " collateral damage " or " friendly fire . "
It might already be too late for Americans to stand up for real justice and real peace to effectively confront the usually well - hidden ruling elite .
However , rather than being silent about the bankrupting and insurgency - provoking war - making that our multinational corporations ( with the eager assistance of the Pentagon and the heavily - lobbied Congress ) are provoking all over the planet , people of conscience need to start acknowledging , and then courageously teaching , the whole truth of history .
We need to start owning up to the innumerable international war crimes that have been orchestrated in our names by the multitude of war profiteers , both foreign and domestic , that have been in positions of power and influence during the last 65 - plus years .
Doing what is right for the whole of humanity for a change , rather than just doing what is advantageous for our over - privileged , over - consumptive and unsustainable American way of life , would be real honor , real patriotism and an essential start toward real peace .
Dr. Gary G. Kohls is a retired physician who practiced holistic mental health care , dealing extensively with the totally preventable and difficult to treat reality known as posttraumatic stress disorder , which is always a consequence of violence .
He is also a student of European fascism .
He is a member of the Community of the Third Way ( a local Every Church A Peace Church affiliate ) and the Just Peace Committee of Peace Church UCC in Duluth , Minnesota .
On Aug. 8 , 2010 , these two organizations will be sponsoring a public showing of “ White Light Black Rain , ” the powerful documentary about the Hiroshima and Nagasaki bombings as told from the perspective of the hibakusha , the survivors of the bombs .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
Ignore all the month to previous month comparisons .
May was revised down sharply and that makes the increase look significant .
Here is the bottom line : this was the worst June for new home sales on record .
The Census Bureau reports New Home Sales in June were at a seasonally adjusted annual rate ( SAAR ) of 330 thousand .
This is an increase from the record low of 267 thousand in May ( revised from 300 thousand ) .
Click on graph for larger image in new window .
The first graph shows monthly new home sales ( NSA - Not Seasonally Adjusted ) .
Note the Red columns for 2010 .
In June 2010 , 30 thousand new homes were sold ( NSA ) .
This is a new record low for June .
The previous record low for the month of June was 34 thousand in 1982 ; the record high was 115 thousand in June 2005 .
The second graph shows New Home Sales vs. recessions for the last 47 years .
Sales of new single - family houses in June 2010 were at a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 330,000 ...
This is 23.6 percent ( ±15.3 % ) above the revised May rate of 267,000 , but is 16.7 percent ( ±10.9 % ) below the June 2009 estimate of 396,000 .
The seasonally adjusted estimate of new houses for sale at the end of June was 210,000 .
This represents a supply of 7.6 months at the current sales rate .
And another long term graph - this one for New Home Months of Supply .
Months of supply decreased to 7.6 in June from a revised 9.6 in May ( revised from 8.5 ) .
The all time record was 12.4 months of supply in January 2009 .
This is still very high ( less than 6 months supply is normal ) .
The final graph shows new home inventory .
The 267 thousand annual sales rate for May is the all time record .
This is a very sharp downward revision .
The 330 thousand in June is the worst June on record .
With all the gyrations , it is difficult to see what is happening month to month , but overall this was a very weak report .
Alex Jones & Aaron Dykes
Infowars.com
June 21 , 2010
RELATED : States Need To Launch Criminal Investigation Into BP , Federal Government ’s Role In Oil Spill
Following the rise of sufficient indicators that BP knew about the conditions of its Gulf oil assets prior to the April 20 leak & explosion– and may have allowed the incident to occur , Alex Jones has called for criminal investigations of key figures at BP , inside the White House administration and elsewhere .
Why did current CEO of BP Tony Hayward dump approximately one - third of his BP stocks before the oil crisis ?
Why did Goldman Sachs dump a hefty 44 % of its BP stock prior to , particularly given that Peter Sutherland was formerly CEO of both BP and Goldman Sachs at the same time ?
What are the odds that former Vice - President Dick Cheney ’s firm Halliburton would purchase a company which “ focuses on oil spill prevention and blowout response , ” just weeks before the so - called ‘ biggest environmental crisis ’ of all time would strike ?
These telling transactions at the highest levels of business , politics and finance coincidence very meaningfully with the multiple accounts from inside BP , the oil platforms in the Gulf , and the related lawyers that demonstrate a willful negligence towards the conditions of the oil assets which would later explode and spill .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{openx:49}
Thus , Alex Jones is urging activists and concerned citizens everywhere to take a proactive approach to dealing with the looming consequences of the massive oil leak that started 62 long days ago .
He suggests calling on Governors and State Legislators in the Gulf Region to assert 10th Amendment rights– refute the Federal Government ’s inaction , and institute measures to resolve the situation as best as can be .
Victims of the crisis should used the courts to challenge roadblocks and seek retribution for negligent action on the part of both BP and the Obama Administration .
The pined - over $ 20 billion secured ‘ personally ’ by Obama from BP is no assurance of justice to come , and the oil that has leaked and is still flowing amounts to less than 2 - 3 percent of the total reserve , so waiting only do harm .
Alex also alerts awakened people everywhere to the renewed efforts from the “ Global Warming & Climate Change ” Disaster camp .
President Obama and certain allies are adamant about raming through Carbon Taxes and other Climate Change measures via stealth measures , and using the crisis of the BP Oil Spill to justify such fascist “ green ” policies – when the Obama Administration ’s bewildered response ( much like the Bush Administration ’s delayed response at Katrina ) exacerbated the scale and depth of the crisis BP may have let happen .
It ’s another case of White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel ’s maxim to “ never let a serious crisis go to waste . ”
Indeed .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
“ Dozens ” of Pentagon employees with high - level security clearance have been identified as downloading child pornography , and some of them appear to still be working for the US government , according to an investigative report .
The Boston Globe obtained a report from the Department of Defense chronicling cases of child pornography downloading by Pentagon employees going back to 2002 .
While the report did not state how many employees were found with the illicit material , the Globe reported it counted at least 30 cases .
ADVERTISEMENT
That represents a “ small percentage ” of the Pentagon ’s massive staff , but it ’s a concern nonetheless because it puts the Pentagon Ã¢â‚ ¬
Å“ at risk of blackmail , bribery , and threats , especially since these individuals typically have access to military installations , Ã¢â‚¬â „ ¢Ã¢â‚¬â „ ¢ the report stated .
“ Some of the individuals have been prosecuted and other cases have been dropped , while more have languished several years without resolution , ” the Globe stated .
Among the cases “ without resolution ” is one of a contractor working for the National Reconnaissance Office who admitted in a 2008 security interview to regularly watching child porn .
As of the time of the report ’s publication at the end of last year , the contractor had been “ transferred to an agency field office in New Mexico and had not been charged . ”
The Globe documents a number of other cases :
Many of those apprehended were swept up in a much broader probe initiated by the Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency in 2006 .
Operation Flicker identified an estimated 5,000 people who had paid money over the Internet to access websites operated overseas .
But until now , it has not been disclosed that a sizable number of cases were referred to the Defense Department for investigation because they involved military personnel , intelligence officials , or defense contractors … .
At least two of the cases were contractors with top secret clearances at the National Security Agency , which eavesdrops on foreign communications , according to the documents .
When one of the contractors was indicted two years ago , he fled the country and is believed to be hiding in Libya , according to a summary of the investigation from last year .
The other was sentenced in 2008 to more than five years in prison and lifetime probation … .
Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ Some are in high - ranking positions , in positions of trust , Ã¢â‚¬â „ ¢Ã¢â‚¬â „ ¢ said John Sheehan , executive director of the exploited child division at the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children , which has been consulted on many of these cases and has reviewed 36 million images of alleged child pornography since 2002 at the request of law enforcement agencies .
Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ There is nÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t a profile or stereotype , which makes it even more challenging for law enforcement .
Ã¢â‚¬â „ ¢Ã¢â‚¬â „ ¢
ADVERTISEMENT
Earlier this year , it emerged that investigators were probing allegations of porn- surfing at the US Securities and Exchange Commission , which is responsible for enforcing securities laws .
Two of the porn cases were referred to the FBI because it appeared they involved underage performers .
The following video was posted to the Web by the Boston Globe , July 23 , 2010 .
Top 50 Songs of the Year ... So Far See more customer favorites and editors ' picks in Best of the Year ...
So Far in Music
Allow me to apologize for the dearth of articles over the past week .
It is July and we are all enjoying these salad days .
Minor transgressions aside , I want to redirect your attention to a band you may be unfamiliar with , The Love Language .
Last month they released their second album , “ Libraries ” , which has received favorable reviews .
Personally , I had the fortune of seeing The Love Language last summer .
Their show was energetic , melodic , and somber all at the same time .
All of those words I would use to describe their new offering .
The Love Language is a unique band that ought to be appreciated for what it is .
Their sound is nothing that is representative of a larger movement in music , but rather a throwback / revision of 50 ’s / 60 ’s pop .
This is no commercial endeavor like so many groups today , but an exercise of musical expression .
Seeing the seven - member group live confirms the fact that they genuinely love playing music and sharing it with others together .
What was originally a musical project designed for an ex-girlfriend as a target audience reached new heights last autumn when the band signed with the acclaimed Merge Records .
“ Libraries ” is an album that allows songwriter Stuart McLamb to continue to show off his narrative skills in addition to his vocal talents which lead to some cool bits of music .
In “ Anthophobia ” McLamb declares , “ Well in case you ’re wondering / I ’m not afraid of the dark / I ’m not afraid to make sparks ” a reference to a song of their self - titled album .
Moments like that are what make The Love Language worth listening to–McLamb ’s voice ( as a singer and writer ) is earnest and communicates on levels that few songwriters can .
It helps that the mini-orchestra backing him up devises addictive guitar hooks and throbbing drum beats .
“ Libraries ” is a solid second album from a band that will hopefully release more in a similar vein in the years to come .
It ’s an interesting evolution from the lo - fi self - titled album , the sound is crisp and some of the energy lost .
Instead of the energetic , rambling hits from the last album , McClamb gives us swooning , thoughtful ballads like “ Blue Angel ” and “ Wilmont ” .
The Love Language have managed to bring such a distinct soulful expression and communicate it in a way that hearkens back to an older era of American music , one that predates even the Baby Boomer generation .
It is stuff worth investing into , as you will continue to appreciate it more and more .
If you like the video below ( “ Lalita ” off of their first album ) , then you ’ll love this album .
Libraries Album Download :
Here ( link has been tested –I know the file title is different , but it ’s the album )
Interview with frontman Stu : here
Explanation of individual songs on the album by the band : here
Enjoy .
James
Photo Credit : WOXY
God Is Everywhere , Even While Making Smores
No mowing lawns this summer for the fervent home - schooled kids of right - wing Christians :
The members of Generation Joshua can go to camp to " get an early start on ( their ) run for political office " by learning how Congress works , hearing leaders like Michelle Bachman , and even learning how to declare war !
iGovern Summer Leadership Camp aims to " assist parents to raise up the next generation of Christian leaders , " with water balloons thrown in for good measure .
More on " the hand of God " as " the only foundation in any area of human endeavor . "
Wonder if that includes sailing .
" The political vision of Generation Joshua and iGovern rests on this historical narrative of America as a chosen nation , one not only founded on Christian principles but desperately needing to return to those roots today . "
Read more
President Obama is ordering creation of a " do not pay " list to keep shady contractors from getting government business .
In a just - issued presidential memo , the president gives federal agencies 90 days to come up with procedures for scrubbing databases for signs of past fraud before cutting any checks .
The effort is a response to well - documented examples of government agencies continuing to do business with known bad actors .
The reason : agencies often have n't had access to -- or bothered to consult -- records that would alert them to past records of fraud .
That has resulted in some big - time waste : Federal auditors already have uncovered $ 180 million in federal benefits paid to 20,000 dead people , and another $ 230 million in checks cut to felons in jail or fugitive from justice , Biden said .
In addition , the vice president disclosed that a yet - to - be issued Government Accountability Office report will tally " millions of dollars in erroneous payments " under the federal government 's program to assist low - income households with heating bills .
New software , widely in use in the private sector but just now being deployed by the federal government , will enable Uncle Sam to end the practice , Vice President Biden and White House Budget Director Peter Orszag said today .
It allows the government to cross-check multiple databases for background on prospective contractors .
Orszag showed one example where five " companies " were traced to the same address : a house with a swimming pool and a boat dock .
The software already is in use to monitor contracts issued under the $ 787 billion economic stimulus act ; now it will be deployed to other big- spending government agencies , starting with Medicare and Medicaid .
Biden predicted this will result in significant savings of taxpayer dollars .
" We have weapons we did n't have or did n't use before , " he said .
Under the president 's do - not - pay order , Biden said , feds will be prohibited from doing business with : companies and individuals barred by other government agencies ; suspected criminals ; people who owe the government money .
( Posted by Kathy Kiely )
Published online 22 July 2010 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2010.372
News
Loss of sea ice is unlikely to enable Arctic waters to mop up more carbon dioxide from the air .
Parts of the Arctic Ocean have carbon dioxide concentrations approaching atmospheric levels .
Zhongyong Gao / State Ocean Administration of China - Third Institute of Oceanography , Xiamen , China
As climate scientists watched the Arctic 's sea-ice cover shrink year after year , they thought there might be a silver lining : an ice - free Arctic Ocean could soak up large amounts of CO 2 from the atmosphere , slowing down the accumulation of greenhouse gases and climate change .
But research published in Science today suggests that part of the Arctic Ocean has already mopped up so much CO 2 that it could have almost reached its limit1 .
Wei -Jun Cai , a biogeochemist at the University of Georgia in Athens and an international team sampled the amount of CO 2 in the surface waters of the Canada Basin , in the western Arctic Ocean .
" We found that ice - free basin areas had rather high CO 2 values that approached atmospheric levels , " says Cai .
" It was not expected . "
Although the Arctic Ocean accounts for only 3 % of the world 's ocean surface area and is mostly covered in ice , it takes up 5 - 14 % of all the CO 2 absorbed by the planet 's oceans .
It tends to take in proportionately more CO 2 because gases dissolve more easily in cold water .
Scientists had previously thought that open water would promote the exchange of CO 2 between the air and the ocean and that the increase in light reaching the water would also trigger the microscopic ocean plants called phytoplankton to transfer more CO 2 from the atmosphere to the ocean through photosynthesis2 .
But that " prediction was based on observations of either highly productive ocean margins or ice - covered basins prior to a major ice retreat , " says Cai .
Very few scientists had surveyed CO 2 concentrations in offshore waters .
Low productivity
During a research cruise aboard the Chinese icebreaker Xuelong ( Snow Dragon ) in summer 2008 , Cai and his colleagues took continuous measurements of CO 2 concentrations in the upper layers of the Canada Basin ( the Arctic Ocean sector bordering the northern Alaskan coast and northern Canada ) , where sea ice had melted dramatically and retreated to a near - record low .
At the ocean margins , where deep water meets the continental shelf , the partial pressure of CO 2 ( a measure of its concentration ) ranged from 120 to 250 microatmospheres , well below its atmospheric concentration of 375 microatmospheres .
But in the ice - free areas further offshore , CO 2 concentration was 320-365 microatmospheres , nearly matching atmospheric concentrations .
In 1994 and 1999 , scientists had observed surface water CO 2 concentrations of below 260 and 260-300 microatmospheres , respectively , in these areas .
Cai and his colleagues also found that primary production — the removal of CO 2 from the atmosphere by phytoplankton — was almost negligible , something they attributed to low nutrient levels .
" The results come as no surprise to me , " says Jean - Éric Tremblay , a biological oceanographer at Laval University in Quebec , Canada , who has studied primary production in the Beaufort Sea since 2002 .
" We need to stop thinking of these systems as light - deprived .
When the seasonal ice melts in the spring , what really limits phytoplankton growth is nutrients .
This paper demonstrates that very well . "
Chinese interest
But there is some hesitancy over the conclusion that productivity will disappear when all the summer ice is gone .
" There is so much seasonal and spatial variability in the concentration of CO 2 in the Arctic that it is really difficult , if not absolutely impossible , to assess long - term trends from a few snapshots , " says Bob Anderson , a geochemist at the Lamont - Doherty Earth Observatory at Columbia University in New York .
" I 'd like to know whether biological productivity was high in the central basin the month before they were there . "
ADVERTISEMENT
Tremblay warns that what Cai and his colleagues have observed in the Canada Basin may not be true for inshore waters , where winds bring nutrients up from the deep ocean to the shelf .
" These shelves occupy 70 % of the whole surface area of the Arctic Ocean .
What happens offshore is not necessarily the main driver of the overall CO 2 budget , " he says .
" I would n't say that the intake capacity of the Arctic Ocean in terms of CO 2 is at its capacity .
There is one missing component in that story and that is what happens on those productive shelves . "
The paper may also mark the maturing of Chinese climate science ; it is one of the first high - impact climate studies from China and the research was partly supported by the Chinese government .
" The Chinese are putting a lot of resources into catching up and eventually passing the West in terms of ocean research , " says Anderson .
" This is the first time in the ocean sciences the Chinese have come out that strong , " says Tremblay .
" It can definitely be taken as a scientific awakening . "
Android Pirates
Have you ever seen one of those annoying comments on the Android Market promising the riches and all the Android apps in the world for a low - low monthly price of $ 10 ?
Sites like that pirate paid games and apps off the Market and then distribute them illegally , pocketing all the revenue .
That 's modern day warez at its finest .
Whether it was because of Android 's openness or Google 's notoriously poor focus on the Market , no DRM or licensing protection was available in the SDK for developers to utilize ; so unless you rolled your own licensing scheme from within the app ( which had a side effect of circumventing Google 's payment system and therefore netted developers a whole lot more than 70 % rev share ) , your app was easily " piratable " .
Google DRM
Well , developers have had enough , and Google has eventually listened .
An hour ago , Eric Chu from the Android team announced an official licensing service for Android applications .
The service will allow application developers to implement a license status check in their apps - an app would query the licensing server and get back a response stating whether it had been purchased through the Market or not .
This simple and free service provides a secure mechanism to manage access to all Android Market paid applications targeting Android 1.5 or higher .
At run time , with the inclusion of a set of libraries provided by us , your application can query the Android Market licensing server to determine the license status of your users .
It returns information on whether your users are authorized to use the app based on stored sales records .
What If Google ( riiight ) Or You ( that 's more like it ) Are Offline ?
Now , those of you who remember the Ubisoft Assassin 's Creed DRM disaster can breathe a little easier - Google is well aware of the problems that can occur when you do n't have a working connection or their servers are offline ( which is unlikely but possible ) .
This is why they will support both of these schemes :
a relaxed " chill out if you 're offline " scheme
a strict " I need a connection every time you want to use the app " scheme
My guess is someone would need to either love getting 1 - star reviews or be really - really paranoid to use the 2nd scheme , so most apps will stick to the safe first option .
To help you get started with a Policy , the LVL provides two fully complete Policy implementations that you can use without modification or adapt to your needs : ServerManagedPolicy is a flexible Policy that uses settings provided by the licensing server to manage response caching and access to the application while the device is offline ( such as when the user is on on an airplane ) .
For most applications , the use of ServerManagedPolicy is highly recommended .
StrictPolicy is a restrictive Policy that does not cache any response data and allows the application access only when the server returns a licensed response .
A Few More Bits
Here are some points to keep in mind as you implement licensing in your application :
Only paid applications published through Market can use the service .
An application can use the service only if the Android Market client is installed on its host device and the device is running Android 1.5 ( API level 3 ) or higher .
To complete a license check , the licensing server must be accessible over the network .
You can implement license caching behaviors to manage access when there is no network connectivity .
The security of your application 's licensing controls ultimately relies on the design of your implementation itself .
The service provides the building blocks that let you securely check licensing , but the actual enforcement and handling of the license are factors in your control .
By following the best practices in this document , you can help ensure that your implementation will be secure .
Adding licensing to an application does not affect the way the application functions when run on a device that does not offer Android Market .
Licensing is currently for paid apps only , since free apps are considered licensed for all users .
If your application is already published as free , you wo n't be able to upload a new version that uses licensing .
Conclusion
Today 's announcement is a solid step to reducing Android app piracy .
Google has listened to developers ' concerns and stepped it up .
A more serious Market , happier , more confident ( and properly paid ) developers = better apps and games for all of us .
Now , devs , do n't screw this up like Ubisoft did - we know where that 1 - star button lives .
Sources : Google Android blog , Google 's Licensing Guide
Charles Surry 's picture in Florida 's fugitive / absconder database < br > < a href= " http://www.businessinsider.com/the-startup-con-man-2010-6#charles-surrys-entry-in-the-florida-absconderfugitive-database-1 "
>Click here to view more photos and documents </a>
Two weeks ago , several tech publications wrote about DinglePharb , an exciting new social gaming developer based in the Philippines and Hong Kong .
Led by a CEO named Nathan Agulto , DinglePharb said it was bringing a game called VVDragon to Facebook and distributing it across the web via a partnership with HeyZap .
DinglePharb described VVDragon as " one of the most popular 3D virtual worlds in China " .
Well , that sounded exciting , so various publications happily reported the news .
But there were two problems with the story .
First , far from being a smash hit in China , VVDragon is actually a barely - functional game on a website with a negligible amount of traffic .
Secondly , based on our investigation , DinglePharb appears to be operated not by Nathan Agulto but by a man named Charles Lawrence Surry , a convicted felon who is now a fugitive living in the Philippines .
Over the past decade , through a string of flimsy and disappointing startups , Surry has been accused of defrauding friends , investors , and business partners of millions of dollars .
And now it seems he may be at it again .
Here is that story .
It is a cautionary tale – especially for the tech startup industry , where serial failure is normal , contracting work is common , and investors blindly trust entrepreneurs to abandon the plan for new ideas all the time .
The Beginning : Charles Surry , Tech Exec
Charles Surry was born in 1963 , but we have been unable to confirm anything about him before 1999 , when he joined Computer Associates ( now CA , Inc ) as Senior Vice - President , working in Singapore .
His stint at CA was brief :
Just a few months after joining the company , Charles was fired when CA discovered that parts of his resume were wildly exaggerated , two people who worked with him at the time tell us .
CA then " did everything they could to erase knowledge of his existence , " one of these former colleagues tells us .
It apparently did a good job : CA now says it can't find any record of Charles having worked there .
After another short stint as a senior executive , this time at a NASDAQ - listed company called Technology Solutions Company , Charles moved to Florida .
There , his behavior quickly earned him two felony convictions , including one for grand theft auto .
Charles was sentenced to probation .
He violated this probation by skipping town , and is a wanted man in Florida to this day .
Charles then relocated to California .
In 2002 he was convicted of identity theft .
This time , he spent several months in prison .
Charles 's former business partners put these wanted posters up in ex-pat bars all around Angeles City , complete with this helpful annotation < br > < a href= " http://www.businessinsider.com/the-startup-con-man-2010-6#charles-surrys-entry-in-the-florida-absconderfugitive-database-1 "
>Click here to view more photos and documents </a>
The Name Change
After his release from prison , Charles adopted the name " Charles Lawrence " , and went in to business for himself , in a big way .
Through various aliases and associates , he has since started more than a company per year , registering them in Delaware , California , and Hong Kong .
We 've spoken to many people who have done business with him over this period .
From all of these conversation , the following themes emerged :
Charles is , by all accounts , incredibly charismatic when he first meets people .
He is very persuasive when laying out business ventures of all sorts , even when he is fuzzy on the details .
One source described him as " the world 's greatest salesman . "
In interactions with both investors and companies with which he has agreed to do contract work , Charles is impressive and likable ... until he has money in hand and is expected to produce concrete results .
He then becomes difficult to reach , evasive , and filled with stories about unforeseen circumstances .
He can do what he promised , he says , but he needs more money .
Once his creditors get aggressive , or confront him with evidence of untruths , Charles becomes nasty , unpredictable , and incoherent .
We 've looked through more than a hundred emails he has sent to various business partners over the past six years consisting of little more than personal abuse in broken English .
On more than one occasion , when Charles has been especially angry at someone , an anonymous website has popped up accusing that person of involvement with child pornography or child prostitution .
A new company called " Shogee " , and life in the Philippines
In late 2004 , Charles founded a company called Shogee , using funds raised from acquaintances in California , the Philippines , and Hong Kong .
A source involved with a number of Charles 's projects tells us : " Shogee actually was , by comparison , a real company . "
The company had a number of vaguely defined ambitions in animation , backed by a studio in mainland China .
" Charles Lawrence " at a press conference led by the President of the Philippines < br > < a href= " http://www.businessinsider.com/the-startup-con-man-2010-6#charles-surrys-entry-in-the-florida-absconderfugitive-database-1 "
>Click here to view more photos and documents </a>
In February of 2006 , Gloria Macapagal - Arroyo , the President of the Philippines , announced the government 's endorsement of a joint venture between Shogee and Cyber City Teleservices to create a world - class , " Hollywood - style " movie studio in the Philippines .
As CEO of Shogee , a source involved with the project tells us , Charles was responsible for raising $ 25 million to fund the joint venture , which he claimed would n't be a problem .
Months later , with work on the studio underway , he admitted that he had raised just $ 500,000 .
The project evaporated .
Around this time , Charles moved permanently to Angeles City in the Philippines .
Multiple sources say he travels internationally on his brother Shawn Michael Surry 's passport to avoid being arrested .
During his time in the Philippines , Charles has raised hundreds of thousands of dollars from the expat community in Angeles City , both for his The Crazy Horse Saloon , Charles 's former bar < br > < a href= " http://www.businessinsider.com/the-startup-con-man-2010-6#charles-surrys-entry-in-the-florida-absconderfugitive-database-1 "
>Click here to view more photos and documents < /a> tech / animation companies and for a deal involving a local hotel that never went through .
He also managed to appropriate a local bar hosting expats and prostitutes , convincing its owners to sign it over to him before paying them for it .
He never paid , and the bar has since been taken away from him .
Pay first , get disappointed later
We have been unable to find any evidence of Shogee or any other of Charles ' companies ever bringing a significant , revenue - generating product to market .
What revenue the companies do generate appears to come from consulting work his Chinese animation studio does for other companies .
Two such companies we 've spoken to , and several more we 've heard reports about , allege that they signed agreements with Charles to do animation work on a contract or partnership basis , that they paid him substantial sums of money , and that after producing preliminary results , he cut off communications and refused to reimburse them .
One of these companies was You N Me Productions , headed up by Michael Trigg , a Canadian entrepreneur who has since turned exposing Charles into a crusade .
Michael had an idea for an animated television series for children called Greanwold 's World , about dragon - like creatures called ' Minosaurs ' .
In 2005 , You N Me and Shogee signed an agreement to co-develop Greanwold 's World , and You N Me began making payments to cover Shogee 's supposed costs .
The project dragged on , ostensibly because Shogee was busy with the movie studio in the Philippines .
But in 2007 , with the studio project dead , Charles shifted direction , forming a new company , Vscoop .
Shogee investors were reportedly told that getting behind Vscoop was their only hope for recovering their investments , and the new company ultimately inherited all of Shogee 's assets .
Vscoop was still involved with various animation projects , but its main focus quickly became developing an online social game involving extremely similar animated , dragon - like creatures to those it was developing with Greanwold 's World .
In 2008 , Charles informed Michael Trigg that he could n't work with him anymore , and that he would be developing the project on his own .
Michael Trigg felt his intellectual property had just been stolen .
Things fall apart
By 2008 , Charles 's latest company , Vscoop , was in serious trouble .
With investors increasingly troubled by Vscoop 's lack of progress , Charles claimed the business was about to take off , but desperately needed capital .
In April of 2008 , sources say , investor SW Cheung wired Charles $ 1 million as a " bridge loan " to get Vscoop on track .
The $ 1 million did nothing to improve Vscoop 's fortunes .
And Charles had to resort to increasingly desperate schemes to keep his investors from revolting .
He suggested that people were lining up to invest in Vscoop , naming at least two people who were supposedly already in the process of buying Vscoop shares .
Two of these men , discovering their alleged involvement , wrote to Vscoop 's board to say that they were not investors and had no plans of becoming investors .
One of these non-investors alleged that Charles had stolen his passport to use as ID on forged documents indicating his interest .
Charles also presented the Vscoop board with a letter of intent to form a partnership with Vscoop , supposedly from Sony Pictures .
When Charles 's investors wrote to Sony about it , Sony pointed out that the letter was an obvious forgery .
Soon thereafter , a former Shogee employee wrote Vscoop 's board , telling them that they were involved with " a devious and cunning PROFESSIONAL CON MAN . "
By April , Charles had been fired for misappropriating company cash , and his investors were desperately looking for a way to salvage something out of Vscoop .
DinglePharb and Woldtown
This photo of the supposed WoldTown team was sent to us by " Nat " < br > < a href= " http://www.businessinsider.com/the-startup-con-man-2010-6#charles-surrys-entry-in-the-florida-absconderfugitive-database-1 "
>Click here to view more photos and documents </a>
And that brings us to up to date .
Over the past few weeks , DinglePharb , a Hong Kong - based company , has issued a series of press releases about its new Facebook game " Woldtown " and its partnerships with HeyZap ( for web distribution ) and gWallet ( for in - game micropayments ) .
DinglePharb's CEO is a very young Filipino named Nathan Agulto , the boy holding the toys in the picture at left .
( If the boy in the picture is older than 17 , we'd be surprised . )
Nathan 's uncle , Narciso Agulto -- the man in the white t- shirt on the right of the photo -- is DinglePharb 's COO .
DinglePharb has only communicated with its partners in the U.S. -- and this publication -- over the phone .
The sole contact person at the company has identified himself as ' Nat ' .
' Nat ' initially represented himself as the CEO of the company , and responded to the name ' Nathan ' .
In later interactions with his partners , and in the one conversation we had with him , ' Nat ' indicated that ' Nat ' was short for ' Narciso ' , and that he was not Nathan , Dingle Pharb 's CEO , but Nathan 's uncle , the COO .
" Nat " vehemently denies knowing anything about a Charles Lawrence or Charles Surry .
Based on our investigation , we believe that the person on the other end of these phone calls is in fact Charles Surry , who is in full control of DinglePharb .
We believe the Agultos have merely lent their names to the project , and agreed to pose for these pictures .
We asked " Nat " how Dingle Pharb came to be .
" Nat " said the company had acquired the assets of Vscoop for $ 1.3 million .
The money to buy the assets , Nat told us , was raised from investors in Hong Kong .
On the phone , " Nat " does not sound like a middle - aged Filipino man who learned English as a second language .
He sounds like a native English speaker who could easily be a 47 year - old American .
Everyone we spoke to who has spoken to " Nat " assumed that he was a native English - speaker .
When presented with the photo above of the Agultos and asked if one of them could be the " Nat " she had spoken to , one of DinglePharb 's partners in the U.S. responded : " No. Friggin .
Way . "
Moreover , the idea that the Agultos would never have heard of Charles Surry seems absurd .
Janella " Jane " Agulto , pictured here with Charles , and above as part of the DinglePharb team , has been Charles and Jane Agulto , Nathan 's sister < br > < a href= " http://www.businessinsider.com/the-startup-con-man-2010-6#charles-surrys-entry-in-the-florida-absconderfugitive-database-1 "
>Click here to view more photos and documents < /a> living with Charles for years , say many sources who live in , or frequently visit , Angeles City .
Charles is likely the father of one of Janella 's children .
And Janella is Nathan Agulto's sister .
Finally , the game that DinglePharb says Woldtown is based on , VVDragon , is not , in fact , a smash hit in China .
So it is unlikely that Vscoop ever owned anything worth buying for $ 1.3 million .
The idea that Hong Kong investors were willing to give a young boy $ 1.3 million to buy Vscoop 's assets , of course , seems ludicrous .
Emails that we have viewed suggest that what really happened is that Vscoop 's investors gave up hope that they could make something of the company and agreed to give control back to Charles .
An email sent by SW Cheung in December refers to an unnamed " company which is going to acquire Vscoop assets , the US $ 1.3 million debt and the China office plus its employees " and begs other investors not to let their grudge against Charles jeopardize that company 's prospects .
We believe DinglePharb is the company SW alluded to , and that he and Vscoop 's other investors are now backing it .
The transfer of assets from one company to the other appears to have been little more than a name change , just as with the transition from Shogee to Vscoop .
After years of working together , during which they invested over $ 4 million into his companies , Charles 's investors became convinced that he was operating with a false name and embezzling their money .
They fired him .
But a few months later , they found the company he had left them with was so hopeless that they gave it back to him in the faint hope of one day seeing a return .
Now , with a new name and a new company , he is taking his product to America .
Oh , and he 's looking for investors .
We were unable to contact anyone who would admit to being Charles Surry or Charles Lawrence .
“ It is an honorable Thought … ” ( 946 )
Emily Dickinson
It is an honorable Thought
And makes
One lift One ’s Hat
As One met sudden Gentlefolk
Upon a daily Street
That We ’ve immortal Place
Though Pyramids decay
And Kingdoms , like the Orchard
Flit Russetly away
Comment :
“ It is an honorable Thought … . [ t ] hat We ’ve immortal Place . ”
Not a reasonable thought , nor one entirely braindead .
This thought “ makes One lift One ’s Hat / As One met sudden Gentlefolk : ” “ met ” strikes suddenly – where is the “ daily Street , ” exactly ?
Before “ met , ” all the verbs are in the present tense .
“ Thought ” as a noun , though , is the past of thinking .
Is the “ daily Street ” the afterlife ?
The thought itself ?
A memory ?
Perhaps all three , in a routine .
I ca n’t help but recall the opening of Yeats ’ “ Easter 1916 ” in the first stanza , except I am loath to add “ polite ” and “ meaningless ” without just cause .
There is a routine ( “ daily , ” “ lift One ’s Hat ” ) , but it is in response to “ sudden Gentlefolk . ”
What makes everyone else a Gentleman or Lady ?
The honorable “ Thought ” all have in their own heads : “ sudden ” and the repetition of “ One ” cast doubt on the existence of “ We . ”
However , the “ immortal Place ” does exist for each of us , all at once ( i.e. a hat covers the head , but we can all wear the same hat ) .
“ Thought ” is contingent on “ though : ” we ignore the actual products of a previous “ We ” who gave honor to One . “ Kingdoms ” takes us away from the social in an earthly sense .
These “ Kingdoms ” are “ like the Orchard ” – God ’s garden ?
Eden ?
– which certainly “ Flit Russetly away . ”
Russetly – like something reddish - brown , like an apple , but perhaps most relevantly : in a simple , homely way .
We are all , ironically , Ladies and Gentlemen in this age – not the worst thing .
A sudden recognition of another is better than none at all , even if well after the fact .
Many people wish their memory worked like a video recording .
How handy would that be ?
Finding your car keys would simply be a matter of zipping back to the last time you had them and hitting “ play . ”
You would never miss an appointment or forget to pay a bill .
You would remember everyone ’s birthday .
You would ace every exam .
Water is just water , right ?
Wrong .
Choosing the wrong water could result in a serious health condition .
But do n’t worry because we have compiled a detailed guide to help you find the best type of water for your site .
Read on to find out more .
How is Clean Water Measured ?
Water levels are measured using the pH scale .
The pH scale is rated from 1 - 14 with 1 representing the most acidotic result , 13 representing alkalinity , and 7 being the neutral point .
The value that is given represents the drinkability of water .
Examples of standard levels are water from a tap is normally 7.5 , with bottled water being 7 .
This contrasts with sea water , which is 8 , meaning it needs to be treated before drinking .
What is the Difference Between Clean Water and Drinking Water ?
The main difference between clean water and drinking water is drinking water is suitable for human consumption whereas clean water is suitable for all other site activity .
Our water tankers can provide both clean water and drinking water in bulk across the country .
This water can then be stored in a water tank on site and connected to suitable apparatus .
We have a wide variety of water tanks , ranging from 1,000 litres to 30,000 litres of storage .
This water is then loaded onto a tanker suitable for clean water only .
The water pipes for these trailers are not WRAS ( Water Regulation Advisory Scheme ) approved .
This means that the water that flows through these pipes is not fit for human consumption .
Drinking water , also known as potable water , is delivered in specially designed water tankers .
These tankers are made from 316L Stainless Steel .
The construction of these tankers makes them suitable for delivering food products .
Stainless Steel 316 L is also recognised by WRAS .
There is a detailed process the tanker goes through before it leaves the depot to be filled .
These processes include but are not limited to cleaning and chlorinating the tanker before use .
Here at Tardis , we adhere to strict standards which mean the tanker and water will be fully tested before being dispatched to its destination .
When the operative reaches their destination there are a few checks that need to be carried out .
The operative will need to make sure that there are suitable and safe means for drinking water storage .
After all checks are complete and the load has been delivered , the operative will need to carry out the water tests again to make sure the water is safe for human consumption .
To make sure drinking water is suitable for human consumption , it must be tested every 24 hours .
This is to make sure the water meets the British water standards BS8551 and BS8558 .
What are the Uses for Clean Water and Drinking Water ?
Drinking water is safe for human consumption and is used for the preparation of food .
This service will be useful for construction sites , festivals and at a wide range of other events .
This is because for these events you will need to provide drinking water that is fit for consumption .
Clean water is used for everything except for drinking .
For example , clean water can be used for hand washing and toilet flushing .
It could also be used for cleaning the site or filling a swimming pool .
The versatility of this option makes it a great choice for events and construction sites .
How We Can Help
Tardis Environmental is a family run business which specialises in environmental services , which has been running for 28 years .
Three years ago , we launched a new section of the company called Tardis H20 on site , which specialises in bulk water .
In 2017 , the London Stock Exchange Group recognised us as one of the top 1000 companies to inspire Britain .
Tardis Environmental can deliver drinking water in tankers which can carry up to 30,000 litres of clean or drinking water at a time .
Tardis Environmental can also deliver Water Tanks up to 30,000 litres that can be configured for clean or drinking water .
We can also offer a testing service for drinking water every 24 hours if you require .
To enquire about any of these services , please use this contact form and a friendly member of staff will give you a quote .
Mike Patton is best known for his role as the lead singer of Faith No More and his work with Tomahawk and Fantomas .
On his latest release , Mondo Cane , he sings Italian classics backed by a 30 - piece orchestra .
An artist who is constantly evolving and updating his style , he ’s had a major role in more than 15 albums that have been released , he owns his own record label ( Ipecac Recordings ) , has done voice work for films , and has even contributed some creepy vocals for video games , including Left 4 Dead and The Darkness .
Fresh off of a critically acclaimed Coachella appearance , Mike took a moment to talk with Verbicide about how Mondo Cane came together , his fondness for Beyonce , and the extreme work ethic that drives him to keep creating innovative material — time and time again .
Related Posts Mike Patton – Il Cielo In Una Stanza
I heard this album , Mondo Cane , was in the works years ago .
What took so long for it to finally be released ?
Was it fine - tuning , or music biz bureaucracy ?
No , no bureaucracy … I own my own label , and I started my own label to avoid that kind of bullshit — so there was definitely none of that .
Basically , just because someone plays a bunch of concerts and records them , it does n’t mean the record ’s going to be out the next week .
And , unfortunately , that ’s the way the record industry thinks of us , and the way journalists think of us , but you know , I am in the lucky position where I can put out things whenever the fuck I want .
I was working on three or four other things at the same time , and this sort of took a backseat .
I took a bunch of live recordings that we did and realized what I wanted to do , which was make a sort of …” illusion ” record .
Something that was basically based on live recordings , but sounded like a studio recording .
That took a lot of time , you know , editing recordings .
[ I had ] three concerts , and I took the best of the best , from bar to bar , from note to note , and second to second .
So that was a whole lot of surgery .
[ I also had to bring ] it up to the level where I wanted it to be .
I could n’t , at the time , when we were doing the concerts .
We either did n’t have the time or the manpower to recreate all the arrangements and all the ideas that I had .
So I took my chance to do that in the studio , and that ’s part of the reason the record is coming out now .
Honestly , it did n’t sound like a live album at all ; it sounded like you spent years working on it .
Well , then , it sounds like my goal was achieved .
What gave you the idea , or what series of interactions , led to this project being done with a full orchestra ?
Well , it was a series of circumstances .
When I first had the impudence to do this , I thought I would be doing it with a five - piece band , and I would just do it around town in Rome and just be done with it .
And that just did n’t … well , I threw it against the wall and it just did n’t stick .
I moved on to other things , and many years later I got this opportunity to work with a full orchestra , thanks to this great festival that ’s in Bologna , Italy called Angelica .
This friend of Mossimo , who is an old friend , said , “ Hey , I got this orchestra available for this festival .
If you want to write something I would love to have you do it . ”
And , of course , I am , like , full wood .
( laughter ) I say , “ Oh my god , I would love to do this .
I ’ve always wanted to do this . ”
It was a really exciting proposition .
I had a few different ideas , and I kind of threw them off [ Mossimo ’s ] back .
He sort of had the power to green light whatever project they wanted to do , and the one they liked this the best was this one .
It was a long time coming .
I fell in love with this music many , many years before when I was living in Italy .
I had the chance — one of those rare opportunities where you get a chance to realize something , on a grandiose scale ; [ something ] you might have thought about 10 or 15 years before .
I felt really lucky to be able to realize it .
Of the songs you covered on the Mondo Cane album , would you say you have a favorite amongst the originals ?
Of the originals , no , not really .
Although I really respect the originals , I consider them mine a little bit , at this point .
Well , you should .
I sort of have to have that sort of arrogance , if you will , to even attempt a ridiculous project like this .
Choosing a favorite is like … I do n’t know if you have kids , but it ’s like choosing a favorite kid , or a favorite pet , or something like that .
Well , I have a dog and a cat , and I consider them my kids , so I can understand you on that .
Well , there you go , I am with you on that .
They all have their charm .
You ’re into Ennio Morricone .
What ’s your favorite movie that he ’s done a score for ?
I mean , gosh , we are talking about hundreds and hundreds of movies !
That ’s a really , really tough question .
I know , yeah , it ’s a tough question .
I will tell you whats on my mind now …
That ’ll work .
What I am really inspired by right now is The Bird with the Crystal Plumage .
It ’s a Dario Argento film — one of his early films and a great one .
Morricone did the soundtrack , and it ’s just absolutely , mind - blowingly complex , and really fun .
Really amazing .
The instrumentation is just gorgeous — tons of shit going on , super dense .
It makes what would normally be a slasher film into a really elegant affair .
That ’s a wonderful example of how influential a soundtrack can be .
Is there a group or band currently infecting the airwaves with what most “ music snobs ” would consider crap that you enjoy ?
And that ’s a tough question — but [ in addition to that ] question , do you get down to Gaga in the shower ?
No , no , not in the shower .
Maybe in other places in my house … but not in the shower .
Gosh , I do n’t know .
You know , I like Broken Bells .
They ’re really good — but I think snobs would like that .
I mean , you know , I ’ll go really obvious — I am so a Beyonce fan .
I am not gonna lie .
If you wanna go really obvious and ignorant , then I will go with Beyonce .
Well , there is nothing ignorant about being truthful .
( laughter ) Hey , I like that .
If you could do something musically that might be difficult to accomplish ( due to whatever might be involved ) , what would it be ?
How about me singing at a cremation ceremony in Indonesia ?
How about that ?
I ’d imagine that would be difficult .
It ’s very difficult .
Yeah , I was at one a couple of months ago — the music was so incredible .
I was sitting there recording the percussionists , just recording them , and thought to myself , God damn , would n’t it be fun to make music like that ?
Just off the cusp , at a funeral .
People in other cultures make music for very different reasons , and I was really impressed by it .
A bunch of teenagers playing cymbals — only cymbals — with the most aggressive , basically punk rock - fueled insanity , to pay tribute to this poor dead guy .
It was really inspiring .
What inspired you to go down the path that you have , being a vocalist ?
You ’ve done a lot of shit — music , movies , and video games .
Well , you know , I started off as a singer .
I started out in bands — and that , obviously , is where I come from , and a huge part of what I do .
All I ’ve tried to do since those [ teenage ] days was to sort of stretch what I do .
I think doing the movies , and the video games , and the soundtracks is just an extension of where I came from .
I just think that whenever you are really invested in something — whether it be writing or film making or , I do n’t know , serial killing — you aim to get better at it .
Over a certain period of time , you do it this way , and do that way , and kind of learn from your experiences .
I think if you ’re doing something for a period of time and not getting better , then , well , you [ should ] just hang it up .
Being who you are and having done what you ’ve done , is there one thing you regret , if anything ?
Maybe not starting sooner .
You know , I started writing music and playing music when I was 15 or 16 , and it was utterly by chance .
If could change something , I wish I would have been born with a musical idea in my head .
I could have started sooner .
You know , one of the main worries in my life is , “ What if I wake up tomorrow morning and do n’t have it — what if I have no more ideas , and ca n’t sing a note ? ”
That ’s a real possibility .
That sort of fear helps me justify being as busy as I am .
And makes it , even on difficult days , seem more palatable to me .
Hey , this could all end tomorrow , and I am doing my best .
One group that at least skates close to the line is Friends of Zo Artzeinu / Manhigut Yehudit , based in Cedarhurst , N.Y. , and co-founded by Shmuel Sackett , a former executive director of the banned Israeli political party Kahane Chai .
Records from the group say a portion of the $ 5.2 million it has collected over the last few years has gone to the Israeli “ community facilities ” of Manhigut Yehudit , a hard - right faction of Mr. Netanyahu ’s governing Likud Party , which Mr. Sackett helps run with the politician Moshe Feiglin .
American tax rules prohibit the use of charitable funds for political purposes at home or abroad .
Neither man would answer questions about the nature of the “ community facilities . ”
In an e-mail message , Mr. Sackett said the American charity was not devoted to political activity , but to humanitarian projects and “ educating the public about the need for authentic Jewish leadership in Israel . ”
Of course , groups in the pro-settler camp are not the only ones benefiting from tax breaks .
For example , the Free Gaza Movement , which organized the flotilla seeking to break Israel ’s blockade of Gaza , says on its
Web site that supporters can make tax - deductible donations to it through the American Educational Trust , publisher of an Arab - oriented journal .
Israeli civil and human rights groups like Peace Now , which are often accused of having a blatant political agenda , also benefit from tax - deductible donations .
Some pro-settler charities have obscured their true intentions .
Take the Capital Athletic Foundation , run by the disgraced Washington lobbyist Jack Abramoff .
In its I.R.S. filings , the foundation noted donations totaling more than $ 140,000 to Kollel Ohel Tiferet , a religious study group in Israel , for “ educational and athletic ” purposes .
In reality , a study group member was using the money to finance a paramilitary operation in the Beitar Illit settlement , according to documents in a Senate investigation of Mr. Abramoff , who pleaded guilty in 2006 to defrauding clients and bribing public officials .
Mr. Abramoff , documents show , had directed the settler , Shmuel Ben Zvi , an old high school friend , to use the study group as cover after his accountant complained that money for sniper equipment and a jeep “ do n’t look good ” in terms of complying with the foundation ’s tax - exempt status .
While the donations by Mr. Abramoff ’s charity were elaborately disguised — the group shipped a camouflage sniper suit in a box labeled “ Grandmother Tree Costume for the play Pocahontas ” — other groups are more open .
Amitz Rescue & Security , which has raised money through two Brooklyn nonprofits , trains and equips guard units for settlements .
Its Web site encourages donors to “ send a tax - deductible check ” for night - vision binoculars , bulletproof vehicles and guard dogs .
Other groups urge donors to give to one of several nonprofits that serve as clearinghouses for donations to a wide array of groups in Israel and the West Bank , which , if not done properly , can skirt the intent of American tax rules .
Advertisements
Conservatives often confuse the concept of big government with regulation , but as they rail against government regulation and what they see as control of our lives .
They do n’t mind the corporations controlling our lives but then conservatives have always been big friends of corporate interests rather than the common good .
When conservatives debate the size of government , they often rely on the false equivalence that regulation equals big government
Advertisements
Let ’s take a moment to do what everyone else is doing and debate government .
If we ’re going to do this , we ought ( unlike the Tea Partiers ) to at least have some idea what we are talking about .
Here I am going to argue not for big government , but a government capable of doing those things that are required of it .
Government was well understood by many Enlightenment thinkers as a social contract .
In The Leviathan ( 1651 ) , Thomas Hobbes put it succinctly : people make governments to protect themselves because in the state of nature life is “ nasty , brutish , and short . ”
As a consequence we essentially say , “ I give up my right to govern myself and we agree to let the government govern us and to authorize its actions on our behalf . ”
This seems good and reasonable to me .
If we agree to create a government and to abide by the covenant , we get to do away with all that nasty , brutish , and short stuff .
John Locke ( 1689 ) and Jean - Jacques Rousseau ( 1762 ) furthered this thinking about government as a social contract , each adding their own particular views .
By the time our own revolutionaries needed to form a government ( 1787 ) it was clearly understood that if the people had an obligation to government , government clearly had an obligation to the people .
After all , it was a government acting without the consent of the people that got people so riled up , especially when the things the government was doing was n’t seen as being done for the good of the people ( or of businesses i.e. local merchants ) but for the good of the government itself .
It is sometimes argued that the idea of inalienable rights is contrary to social contractualism but we see a fusion of the two in the Constitution , which accepts in the Bill of Rights the old common law rights of the English , but also that certain inalienable rights exist , namely “ life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness ” and these are made part of the contract .
That is , there are more rights than which are simply agreed to exist by the parties concerned .
The epitome of Enlightenment thinking , it ’s very highest point , is the result : the Constitution of the United States of America and its attached Bill of Rights , which clearly state how this social contract will function .
Our Founding Fathers had varying views of government .
Many of their sayings have been appropriated by the Tea Party , who , acting as today ’s “ patriots ” and “ real ” Americans , unsurprisingly seem to take the extreme view that our Founding Fathers wanted no government at all .
Considering the trouble they went to in order to establish one : Declaration of Independence ( 1776 ) , the Revolution ( 1775 - 1783 ) , the Articles of Confederation ( 1781 ) , the Constitution and Bill of Rights ( 1787 ) , this notion seems absurd .
A state of no government , a sort of utopian fantasy , was held to be an ideal by some but even the most radical opponents of federalism did not imagine that a country could function without any sort of government at all .
The real debate was about the size and function of government , not its existence or non-existence .
Thomas Jefferson , one of those who thought less was better said , “ My reading of history convinces me that most bad government results from too much government ” and “ I own that I am not a friend to a very energetic government .
It is always oppressive . ”
Of course , every historical utterance has a context .
The context of Jefferson ’s words was the early years of the industrial revolution .
Cottage industry was still the norm , not factories , and small businesses were more common that big corporations , though the Enlightenment world had seen the potential evils of such entities in the infamous East India Company .
Had Jefferson lived a century later , in the age of America ’s robber barons , his opinion might well have been otherwise .
We can quote today ’s Republican saint , Ronald Reagan , who said , “ Government ’s first duty is to protect the people , not run their lives . ”
But to protect the people the government must not focus only on foreign nations or terrorists , but on the “ excesses of democracy ” feared by Madison when he labored on the Constitution , that is , the tyranny of state legislatures , and later also the tyranny of unregulated corporations .
It was well understood that legislatures can oppress as effectively as kings .
We have seen California deprive people of their Constitutional Rights ( Proposition Eight 2008 ) and the Arizona Immigration Law ( 2010 ) .
So can corporations , as the Industrial Age has shown .
And sometimes the government drops the ball , as with the unconstitutional Defense of Marriage Act ( 1996 ) .
Usually , the government functions the way it is supposed to .
It took an act of the federal government ( and 618,000 deaths ) to end slavery in this country .
Left up to the states , who knows how long blacks might have remained enslaved ?
It took an act of the federal government ( and armed troops ) to protect civil rights ( 1964 ) .
Left up to the states , who knows how long blacks would have remained disenfranchised ?
It took the federal government to protect workers from corporate tyranny , setting the work week at 44 , then 40 hours ( 1938/1950 ) .
This is government doing its job protecting the people , to give us the chance to obtain that life , liberty and happiness we have been given the right to pursue .
This job requires taxes ; it requires laws , it requires regulations , and it requires oversight .
These things require that the government have not only certain strength but a certain size .
Government cannot remain inflexibly small in a changing world , or in a world where certain entities ( state governments , religious groups , corporations , etc ) continually seek to limit or erode the rights of the common people in whole or in part .
A government of the people , by the people , and for the people , is not a government wished for by corporations , for corporations care nothing for the people or their welfare , but only for their bottom line .
The board of directors must be happy , the stockholders must be happy , but the people are there for one purpose only : to be fleeced .
Did anyone miss this lesson in 2007 ?
It was delivered by the corporations with great clarity .
Conservatives missed it .
They still rail against government regulation and what they see as control of our lives .
They do n’t mind the corporations controlling our lives but then conservatives have always been big friends of corporate interests rather than the common good .
They seem to think the Founding Fathers wrote “ government of the corporations , by the corporations , and FOR the corporations . ”
The Supreme Court seemed to agree with this reading when they ruled against the McCain - Feingold campaign finance law ( 2010 ) .
Now it is up to one branch of the government ( the legislative ) to protect us from another ( the judicial ) just as for the eight years of the Bush Administration the judicial protected us from the executive .
That system of checks and balances is a delicate thing .
George Washington said , “ The administration of justice is the firmest pillar of government . ”
A Republican politician today will bemoan the lot of BP but they show little concern over the plight of the people who suffer as a result of the Gulf oil spill .
A Republican politician will bemoan the lot of the corporations when it comes to an issue like net neutrality .
He will accuse the Democrats of seeking to give the government control of the internet while he himself seeks to give that control to corporations .
The example of an early mega corporation , the East India Company , provides a salutary lesson for those of us today concerned about the dangers of corporations free of regulation .
The East India Company was able to perpetrate its many evils because of a lack of government regulation and oversight .
The oil giants Exxon and BP have been able to perpetrate their evils because of a lack of regulation , as have the modern - day robber barons on Wall Street .
It is not government who has harmed the people in these instances , except by failing to adequately protect them as even Ronald Reagan said it should .
Welcome to Pussytown
How Sweden is winning the war against gender
U.S. Gender and Marriage expert David Popenoe has described Sweden as “ the world ’s most androgynous society “ .
David has never lived here .
Had he lived here he may have used a different word .
Androgyny is defined as “ Being neither distinguishably masculine nor feminine , as in dress , appearance , or behavior . ” I think Swedish men past that point somewhere in the 1960’s .
Sweden is one of the world ’s most socially - engineered societies .
Its been a hobby that Sweden ’s elected officials have dabbled in since the 1940’s .
These engineering feats are meant to produce impressive statistics .
This is all very appealing to the rational mind .
But history has taught us that behind the impressive numbers , social engineering often has unforeseen human consequences .
In the case of gender equality in Sweden that unforeseen consequence is the effective emasculation of the Swedish male psyche .
From the perspective of a middle class American raised in New England , Swedish men seem feminine .
It was Swedish women who first brought it to my attention , usually in social situations after a few drinks .
I suppose it was a way of flirting .
It was always the same : Winging about Swedish men and what emasculated pussies they are .
I would reply “ I ca n’t believe you are telling me this .
It was your archaic brand of 60 - style feminism that has effectively neutered the male of your species .
And now you are telling me you pine for real men from southern Europe ? ”
It does n’t make sense .
But if you live in Sweden long enough you understand that unexamined acceptance of logical contradictions is as Swedish as surströmming ( and about as palatable to foreigners ) .
It ’s hard to miss the general absence of masculinity here .
I met a British woman in London recently .
She told me how she and her girlfriend , also from London , visited Stockholm for three days .
It was their first time in Sweden .
I asked her how she enjoyed it .
“ Not very much ” she said .
“ We went to Cafe Opera because everyone said it was the place to go , but I wish someone had mentioned that it was a gay bar . ”
After that , they went to two other bars in Sture Plan , central Stockholm , but the same deal .
She said “ I did n’t know Stockholm had such a pervasive gay scene . ” I laughed .
None of the bars she mentioned were gay bars .
I ’m sure few of the men there were gay , they were just Swedish .
A recent article on the topic in the New York Times commented on this point “ In this new world of the sexes , some women complain that Swedish men are too politically correct even to flirt in a bar . ”
Swedish blogger Anders Janson observes that “ Finns think that the comparatively talkative and urbane Swedish men are homosexuals . ”
I would not go so far as to call them homosexuals , but they certainly lean towards the metrosexual side of things .
And its not just because they are so extraordinarily studied in their appearance .
The general demeanor of Sweden men exudes a lack of backbone , even when they try to assert themselves .
It ’s as if its been beaten out of them and they are resigned to their subservient position in society now .
This perception is reinforced for me daily on my walk to work .
Each morning I struggle to negotiate my way through the maze of pram - pushing papas who dominate the sidewalk .
They stroll leisurely along , often two abreast gossiping on their way to a cafe or pedicure , obstructing the way for the women and me who need get to work .
Today 85 percent of Swedish fathers take government - paid parental leave .
They are entitled to take up to 13 months off if their wife agrees .
Swedish men acknowledge the demise of their manhood .
In a recent study in Sweden , “ 51 percent of respondents said Swedish men were more masculine in previous times , with men in particular ( 58 percent ) agreeing with the statement .
Only 13 percent of men and women felt today ’s men were more masculine than their predecessors . ”
This decline in masculinity bothers no Swede , in fact it is widely hailed as progress .
Having talked with many Swedish men about this , I get the sense that they have been so marinated in Swedish - style feminism since birth that they accept without question that masculinity itself is fundamentally wrong , a defect .
There is an unspoken guilt associated with their masculinity and that keeps men from addressing it .
Like masturbation for Catholics , it comes with the territory of being human , but I ’m not going to march through the streets of Boston declaring my right to self - love .
The Swedish media are onboard with the agenda .
In deference to women males are uniformly depicted as impotent fools in all Swedish advertisements .
If there is anyone demonstrating a glimmer of intelligence , it will be the woman .
If there is an apron to be warn , it will never appear draped across a women ’s breast .
Same goes for any other domestic cleaning or cooking aids .
This has worked .
In real life I ’ve never known a Swedish woman who knew how to use a cooking or cleaning utensil .
I ’ve lived with three so far .
Love them dearly , but they have been the most domestically - challenged roommates I ’ve ever had ( and that ’s going back to my frat brothers when I was 18 ) .
The Times article summed up the state of affairs like this “ In this land of Viking lore , men are at the heart of the gender - equality debate .
The ponytailed center - right finance minister calls himself a feminist , ads for cleaning products rarely feature women as homemakers , and preschools vet books for gender stereotypes in animal characters .
For nearly four decades , governments of all political hues have legislated to give women equal rights at work — and men equal rights at home . ”
But that ’s just the tip of the iceberg .
There is also the more absurd fall - out from Sweden ’s gender engineering .
Just a sampling of the headlines induced by this social experiment :
The political debate to allow women to ride topless on the subway because men were allowed to do so ( by the same logic women are already topless in city parks , municipal swimming pools and , of course , on beaches ) .
The elementary school system in one Swedish city mandating that for one week all male children had to wear dresses to school to help break down stereotypes ( female student ’s , however , were not obliged to reciprocate by wearing mens clothes ) .
Organizers of the Miss Sweden contest forced to cancel the event due to “ feminist harassment ” .
When the Miss Sweden pageant returned the next year the rules were changed to allow men to compete , remove the swimsuit portion and to declare that physical appearance had nothing to do with the judging .
Yah , right .
Sweden ’s government paving the way for the development of road signs at pedestrian crossings that portray women rather than just men .
A feminist group at Stockholm University is campaigning to ban all urinals from campus , and one Swedish elementary school has already removed them based on the “ logic ” that a man standing up to urinate is deemed to be triumphing in his masculinity , and by extension , degrading women .
Last year after the Pirate Bay file - sharing trial , Annika Qarlsson , a female member of Sweden ’s parliament , wove a meandering web of “ logic ” that went something like this :
Since most of the people sharing files are boys , and they support the right to share files , then they are protecting their privacy , and most Swedish woman who are raped are raped by people they barely know , if the woman barely knows the rapist then the rapist is protecting their privacy , therefore Pirate Bay supporters are rapists .
“ “ I realize that my earlier post can be interpreted to mean that I ’m accusing all Pirate Party supporters and all young men of being rapists . ” she later said .
Tiina Rosenberg , a professor of gender studies at Stockholm University , and the brain trust behind Sweden ’s politically influential feminist movement who boldly asserted that “ women who sleep with men are traitors to their gender . ”
The case of Ragnar Bengtsson , the 28 - year - old Stockholm father who wants to breastfeed his children .
He spent three months last year pumping his breasts in public to try to stimulate lactation .
It did n’t work .
He says he did it because he wanted to be closer to his children .
He is a student at Stockholm University .
Maybe he was trying to get some extra credit from Tiina Rosenberg .
( see YouTube commentary below ) .
Sweden ’s Trade Ethical Council against Sexism in Advertising ( ERK ) which deems practically any depiction of a woman as sexist and protects the Swedish population by having it banned .
And then , of course , there has been the recent outrage over the fact that Sweden ’s princess Victoria had her father walk her down the isle at her wedding which was heavily criticized as sexist here in Sweden and widely touted as an outrage against all women .
And that ’s just what makes the papers .
I experience the effects of all this gender bending every day in both my professional and private life .
It ’s as if masculinity is an itch and Swedes love to scratch it .
So they constantly seek it out and then claw it to pieces .
To me Sweden ’s zeal in this endeavor is not so much about equal rights for men and woman .
That ’s not the focus .
I suspect there is another silent , perhaps subconscious agenda .
It may be misplaced anger and frustration , false entitlement , or part of a larger political agenda .
Direct observation has taught me that Sweden is every bit as sexist as any other developed country .
I see the same disrespect , the same bullying and the same political and workplace abuse , and the same submission to power .
Its just that here the tables have been turned and its the women wearing the pants .
This is modestly disguised under a thin veneer of girl power ( as if that is supposed to justify it ) .
I just wonder how long it will be before erections are outlawed .
There is one question Swedes may want to ask themselves as they progress with their gender cleansing campaign :
Is masculinity just some vestigial remnant from the Neanderthal mind that should be scrubbed from the gene pool or is it an essential part of what makes us human ?
I think both Swedish men and women should ponder the consequences of the utopia they are engineering before it is too late .
Personally , I think true discrimination should be engineered out of society ( I preface it with “ true ” because the word discrimination is widely misapplied today ) .
But the Swede ’s wo n’t solve sexual discrimination by neutralizing gender .
No more than we would solve racial discrimination by neutralizing skin color .
Notorious Raiders defensive back Jack Tatum , whose hit on Darryl Stingley during a preseason game in 1978 left Stingley a quadraplegic , has died at the age of 61 .
According to 10TV.com , Tatum suffered a heart attack .
Tatum suffered from diabetes for years .
He lost all five toes on his left foot , and his right leg was amputated .
The hard - nosed safety ’s autobiography was titled They Call Me Assassin .
For the youngsters in the crowd , YouTube will get you up to speed regarding Tatum ’s substance , and his style .
( And please wait to see Tatum ’s hit on Earl Campbell .
Then stick around to see whether Sammie White ’s head was in his helmet while it was rolling around on the field . )
A member of the College Football Hall of Fame , Ohio State presents during the season a “ Jack Tatum Hit of the Week ” award .
Adored by Raiders fans and generally despised by those who followed every other team , Tatum was a key part of the fabric of the game in the 1970s .
There has n’t been another Jack Tatum , and there likely never will .
Although it ’s very rarely considered when buying an instrument , the guitar ’s scale length ( or neck length ) is an integral ingredient in shaping an instrument ’s tone and playability .
Scale length has nothing to do with playing scales and everything to do with the length of the strings from the nut ( that white thing the strings go over , up there by the headstock ) to the bridge .
Why does the length of the strings matter ?
The scale ( length ) of the neck ( and , ultimately , the strings ) determines two major aspects of a guitar ’s personality : the distance between the frets , and the tension ( or tightness ) of the strings .
The distance between frets is calculated by some logarithmic formula that I have absolutely no clue about .
Luckily , it ’s not really important unless you ’re building your own neck from scratch .
In a nutshell , the shorter the scale length , the closer the frets are together .
This is a good thing if you have small hands or are a young beginner .
Also , many rhythm guitarists , like Elvis Costello , John Lennon and Kurt Cobain , prefer ( or preferred ) shorter scales when comping or chording .
On the other hand , a longer scale length comes in handy when shredding and playing leads in some styles ( like those of Malmsteen , Vaughn and Atkins ) because it keeps you from “ tripping ” over your own fat fingers when getting all acrobatic .
Scale lengths can vary as much as three inches from the shortest to the longest , and that does n’t even count basses .
So you can see how that variation can affect a guitar ’s “ feel . ”
A guitar ’s feel is also affected by the tension of the strings .
A guitar with a shorter scale length ( like the Gibson Les Paul ) requires less tension to reach concert pitch than a guitar with a longer scale ( like the Fender Strat ) .
This is true , as long as both are strung with the same gauge strings .
One advantage of less string tension is a “ looser ” feel , making bending and vibrato more fluid .
So , then , why are n’t all guitars built with a shorter scale ?
Obviously we ’d all benefit from that slinky feel , right ?
Well , guitars with greater tension benefit from a “ tighter ” sound due to better clarity in their higher overtones .
This is often referred to as “ twang . ”
Shorter scale guitars also have trouble accepting heavier gauged strings because the slackened tension causes wider vibration and fret buzz .
All this falls into the category of “ tone . ”
Why does n’t a PRS Custom 22 sound exactly like a Les Paul ?
They both incorporate dual humbuckers and a solid body , so they should sound the same , right ?
However , the PRS has a longer scale length and , therefore , a tighter , somewhat brighter , sound .
Shorter scale guitars , though , tout that beautiful buttery tone which make Les Pauls and Jazz boxes such invaluable tools .
Now that you have a bit of neck length knowledge , get out and play some different model guitars to get a feel for what all of this means .
Here ’s a chart of some common models and their scale lengths to help you along .
Good luck on finding that next “ special friend . ”
And , when playing guitar , remember that , just like in life , it ’s always best to stick your neck out , no matter what the length .
The second Resident Evil : Afterlife Movie Trailer has premiered .
This movie trailer has more zombie and Umbrella Corporation action , more Matrix rip - offs , and much more of the end of the world storyline than the previous Resident Evil : Afterlife movie trailer .
In additional , the other Alice ( Milla Jovovich ) clones show up .
There is a little too much slow motion for my taste and there might be even more of it than usual becuase of the presence of 3D .
Check out the new Resident Evil : Afterlife movie trailer below .
Advertisement
What better way to head into the best month of the year than on a killer elevator ?
We 're watching THE LIFT in 30 minutes on ShudderTV for our nightly # 61 DaysofHalloween viewing 🎃
https://t.co/NcpvGf4f5v
IOS hacker Comex has managed to get Flash up and running on the iPad .
That 's right , now you can watch YouTube , Hulu and all the adult video you want .
What ?
You can do that already ?
The hack is called Frash , and in its current form wo n't play video .
What it will do is let you play games and view Flash advertisements in all their annoying , animated glory .
To use Frash , you 'll need to have a jailbroken iPad ( that is , an iPad hacked to give you file - system access ) .
Once done , you should navigate to the Cydia app ( the jailbreak community 's App Store ) and add the insanelyi repository to the list .
From there you can install Frash .
If you have ever used a Flash blocker in your browser , you already know how to use Frash .
Instead of loading Flash content , Frash presents a big " F " in place of the animation .
Click to load .
I have n't tested this ( because I like not having to tolerate Flash on my iPad ) , but the video of Frash in action shows it running at pretty much full speed .
I have no idea if this hacked version of Flash will drain the iPad 's battery as fast as real Flash drains my MacBook 's battery , but it 's a pretty safe bet that it might .
Also , beware of browser plugins : there 's no guarantee that Frash does n't contain the same security holes as its official brother .
Frash beta : Flash for iPad ! [ OSx86 ]
' Frash ' Brings Adobe Flash to Apple iPad [ PC World ]
See Also :
SÃO PAULO , Brazil  Sebastián Piñera , Chile ’s president , abruptly rejected calls on Sunday from the Roman Catholic Church to pardon dozens of imprisoned military officials convicted of human rights violations during the era known as Chile ’s dirty war .
Mr. Piñera , Chile ’s first right - wing leader since the dictatorship of Gen. Augusto Pinochet ended two decades ago , had promised during his campaign last year to crack down on crime and have a “ zero tolerance ” policy toward criminal offenders .
On Sunday he put an end to months of mounting pressure from the Catholic Church and some in the country ’s right - wing establishment to make a grand healing gesture to the country by issuing sweeping pardons .
“ While we value the debate generated by these proposals , we cannot ignore that they continue to produce a climate of tension and division in Chilean society that many times reopens the old wounds and bitterness of the past , ” Mr. Piñera said in a televised address from the presidential palace in Santiago .
Image caption Programs can be built by clicking and dragging blocks
Google has released tools that " make it easy for anyone to create programs for Android phones " .
Much like Lego , App Inventor lets people drag " blocks " of code around to create applications .
Google said it had been working on the system for a year and were pitched at those with little knowledge of programming .
The tools have been tested over the last 12 months by school children and college students , it said .
The graphical blocks represent the different functions and capabilities of a smartphone .
For instance , one tester of the App Inventor used the GPS locator , timer , and database querying blocks to produce an app that told his friends where he was every 15 minutes .
MIT inside
The programming system was developed with the help of computer scientists at Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) who created a similar coding system known as Open Blocks .
MIT scientist Mitch Resnick used it to create the Scratch programming language that lets children put together programs by clicking and dragging on - screen blocks .
A Gmail account is required for anyone wanting to use the tools and users must apply via a web form .
Tutorials are provided to help people get started with the tools .
The tool may well prompt a spike in the number of apps for Android phones which , statistics suggest , are already enjoying a healthy growth .
Figures gathered by Android app site AndroLib predict that the number of applications will pass the 100,000 mark by the end of July 2010 , a ten fold increase compared to this time last year .
However , it still has less than half the number of apps available for Apple 's iPhone .
The June employment report was decidedly weak , and serves as the latest blow to the V - shapers – if any are even left .
It once again left me feeling that something is very , very wrong at the heart of the American economy , something that is much more structural than cyclical .
Consider too that US policymakers appear completely unable to adequately address the latter problem , now hampered by fear of deficit spending and the threat of the invisible bond vigilantes .
Yet the structural challenges are even more daunting , and I fear that the Washington establishment is simply incapable of the paradigm shift necessary to address these challenges .
Only one word describes the American labor market outcome of the last decade – abysmal .
Not only is job growth well below trend , but the quality of jobs is in question .
The jobs deficit is even more striking considering the supposed gains in productivity over the past 15 years .
Job growth should not stagnate .
Resources – including labor – released via higher productivity are supposed to be channeled into expanding sectors .
Moreover , productivity growth is supposed to yield improved economic outcomes via higher real wages .
Yet as spencer famously shows , labor ’s share of output has been steadily decreasing since the early 1980s .
This downward trend was interrupted by gains evident during the tech bubble of the mid-1990s .
Apparently , only during that brief , shining moment of generational technological change did the productivity story work as we believe it should , at least since the early 1980’s .
Why has the American jobs machine failed so spectacularly ?
This should be the most pressing issue facing economists and policymakers .
Are either up to the task ?
Yves Smith directs us to an intriguing piece by Andy Grove , former CEO of Intel .
Rajiv Sethi follows up and summarizes :
The piece is long , detailed and worth reading in full , but the central point is this : an economy that innovates prolifically but consistently exports its jobs to lower cost overseas locations will eventually lose not only its capacity for mass production , but eventually also its capacity for innovation …
I think the Yves - Sethi conversation is remarkably important , and should lead one to reexamine the importance of the manufacturing sector .
I admit that in past years I tended to dismiss the manufacturing sector , seeing its relative decline as simply a transition to more productive knowledge - based work .
Alan Blinder , discussing the potential for offshoring services sector jobs , claims :
The relative shrinkage of the manufacturing sector in the US ( and elsewhere ) from about 30 - 35 % of total employment then to under 10 % now was somewhat painful , especially in places where manufacturing was concentrated ; it fostered some protectionist sentiment and some protectionist measures , and it induced a variety of other ill - considered policy responses .
But , broadly speaking , the adjustment did not precipitate any major economic or social convulsions .
This experience suggests that a similar - sized labour force adjustment can , once again , be handled by the market system – with some help from government .
If Groves is correct , then Blinder ’s conclusion regarding the lack of “ major economic or social convulsions ” too readily dismisses the very real consequences of manufacturing ’s decline , and likewise underestimates the impact of further offshoring of service sector jobs .
The loss of manufacturing capacity in the Groves scenario critically impacts the potential growth of the nation .
I think there is a tendency to downplay the relative decline in manufacturing jobs because we do not often distinguish between two stages of the decline in manufacturing .
The first stage was a relative decline as service sector job growth exceeded that of manufacturing .
The second stage , beginning in the early 1980s was a relative and absolute decline in manufacturing jobs :
Breaking it down into durable and nondurable manufacturing :
Note that nondurable manufacturing employment enters sustained decline in the mid-1990 ’s , compensated initially by employment in the durable sector , but that sector too began what looks like permanent declines in 2000 .
Making the story more intriguing is the downward trend in manufacturing capacity growth .
Consider the long term trend :
The downward trend is clear , despite the surge in capacity during mid to late 1990’s .
The average growth by decades :
Note that a number of trends all begin in the 1980s .
Absolute manufacturing declines , the rise of persistent trade deficits , the decline in labor ’s share of output , growing income inequality , and the Great Moderation .
That the combination of these trends is coincidental seems unlikely .
More unlikely given that the capacity surge on the 1990s gives rise the improving economic conditions for the population as a whole , at least when view through spencer ’s metric of the proportion of output going to labor .
If manufacturing is critically important to driving trends of national well being , an exploration of the decline of that sector is crucial .
But that exploration almost always leads back to a very difficult place – international trade .
And every right minded economist and policymaker knows unequivocally that free trade is good , and to even question that assumption makes one an ignorant heretic who has never heard of Smoot - Hawley .
Therefore , the examination ends .
Manufacturing ’s decline simply cannot be a problem if it is consequence of international trade because everyone knows international trade is good .
Just as everyone “ knew ” that the increased liquidity offered by exotic financial instruments and the free flow of capital was unequivocally good .
But that is a different story .
Indeed , the establishment will defend any assault on free trade with a simple , seemingly unassailable story : NAFTA was followed by the 1990s jobs boom in the US even as the current account deficit widened .
Therefore , free trade does not have net negative impacts .
Winners and losses , yes , but the former outweigh the latter .
I have told that story myself .
Such a story , of course , denies the importance and unrelated rise of information technology – a once in a generation tectonic shift that , ironically , vastly accelerated the offshoring of manufacturing capacity the following decade .
But even more importantly , it fails to acknowledge that while free trade produces net positive effects , that process can certainly be upset by the deliberate manipulation of currency values .
And make no mistake , those values have been manipulated .
There can be no other excuse for the massive buildup of official reserve assets in global central banks .
I do n’t think it is a coincidence that the absolute decline in manufacturing accelerated in the wake of the US strong Dollar policy , which provided the freedom for China to pursue an aggressively mercantilist economic strategy , perfecting what Japan ’s policymakers began in the 1980s .
Thus I do n’t think the pernicious hollowing out of America ’s industrial base is simply the result of comparative advantage .
I grow increasingly convinced that the disappointing economic outcomes of the last decade are the culmination of decades of industrial neglect .
That economists have dismissed industrial decline with a story of high value knowledge - based workers , a story with specific relevance to the tech boom of the 1990s but that is now defunct .
And I am increasingly convinced that these trends have been largely dismissed by the economics community because acknowledging them would cast doubt on value of free trade , failing to recognize that currency manipulation was turning free trade into a zero-sum game .
In short , I have become a heretic .
But what then is the appropriate policy response ?
Unfortunately , we are held captive by fears of a debilitating trade war .
Sethi and Smith debate the issue :
Neither Grove ’s diagnosis nor his proposed solutions will persuade those who are convinced that protectionism of any kind is folly .
I am not entirely convinced myself , and suspect that he may be underestimating the likelihood ( and consequences ) of cascading retaliatory actions and a collapse in international trade .
But the argument must be taken seriously , and anyone opposed to his proposals really ought to come up with some alternatives of their own .
— Update ( 7/4 ) .
In an email ( posted with permission ) Yves adds :
On the one hand , you are right , any move towards protectionism ( or even permitted - within - WTO pushback against mercantilist trade partners ) could very quickly get ugly .
But the flip side is I wonder if we have a level of global integration that is inherently unstable ( both for Rodrik trilemma reasons , international economic integration with insufficient government oversight creates political problems , plus the Reinhart / Rogoff finding that high levels of international capital flows are associated with financial crises ) .
If so , we may have a short run ( messiness of reconfiguration ) v. long term ( costs of really big financial crises ) tradeoff .
This is a good point .
The purpose of my post was to highlight Grove ’s analysis of the symbiotic relationship between innovation and scaling ( which I think is both interesting and valid ) , and to challenge those who are opposed to his reform proposals to explain how they would deal with the situation in which we find ourselves .
Passive tolerance of mass unemployment , widening income inequality , and withering innovative capacity is not an option .
There may be an additional implication for fiscal policy .
Declining rates of industrial capacity investment suggest that maintaining full employment requires acceleration in other sectors .
In the last decade this was accomplished via the redirection of investment capital to housing and consumer spending with a related debt bubble .
The unsustainability of that approach is now evident .
Thus , if willingness to invest in industrial capacity remains weak , we can expect that that the government sector will need to fill the gap for much longer than many believe .
In short , if domestic investment is limited not by negative animal spirits , but by a rational fear that such investment will rapidly be rendered obsolete by the mercantilist policies of other nations , then government investment becomes ever more important .
Bottom Line : Something more than cyclical forces is weighing on the American jobs machine .
Here I have tried to extend the Grove / Smith / Sethi discourse with additional focus on absolute declines in manufacturing jobs and distressing declines in capacity growth rates .
These trends may be critically important in understanding the dismal performance of US labor markets .
If they are in fact critical , they raise serious questions about US trade policy – questions that few in Washington want to address .
Given the extent to which manufacturing capacity has already been offshored , those questions go far beyond the recently announced tiny shift in Chinese currency policy .
Simply put , accepting the importance of manufacturing capacity and the possibility that offshoring has had a much more deleterious impact on the US economy than commonly accepted would requrie a significant paradigm shift in the thinkink of US policymakers .
If you scream “ protectionist fool ” in response , then you need to have a viable policy alternative that goes beyond the empty rhetoric of “ we need to teach better creative thinking skills in schools . ”
That answer is simply too little too late .
I hoped this was coming .
Here it is .
A joint statement from RIM Co-CEOs in response to misleading comments from Apple made Friday by Steve Jobs at the iPhone 4 press conference :
" Apple 's attempt to draw RIM into Apple 's self - made debacle is unacceptable .
Apple 's claims about RIM products appear to be deliberate attempts to distort the public 's understanding of an antenna design issue and to deflect attention from Apple 's difficult situation .
RIM is a global leader in antenna design and has been successfully designing industry - leading wireless data products with efficient and effective radio performance for over 20 years .
During that time , RIM has avoided designs like the one Apple used in the iPhone 4 and instead has used innovative designs which reduce the risk for dropped calls , especially in areas of lower coverage .
One thing is for certain , RIM 's customers do n't need to use a case for their BlackBerry smartphone to maintain proper connectivity .
Apple clearly made certain design decisions and it should take responsibility for these decisions rather than trying to draw RIM and others into a situation that relates specifically to Apple . "
- Mike Lazaridis and Jim Balsillie
Well said guys , well said .
I know it can be easier to take the path of least resistance and just let things slide sometimes , but on some occasions you just can't go that route .
You called this one as it is ...
BS .
And hey , the BlackBerry Bold 9700 owners themselves have also voiced their opinions and done the tests to back it up with real life evidence .
No Bold 9700 antenna issues , thank you very much .
Christopher Hitchens has begun canceling in - person events , from Raleigh to San Jose to Los Angeles to Seattle to Portland , regularly citing ' personal reasons . ' | Photo by AP Photo Close
As soon as Christopher Hitchens ' memoir , " Hitch - 22 , " hit bookstores , the Vanity Fair writer was just about everywhere promoting it : " The Daily Show , " " Real Time , " C - SPAN , " Hardball , " the BBC and so on .
Over the past few weeks , however , Hitchens has begun canceling in - person events , from Raleigh to San Jose to Los Angeles to Seattle to Portland , regularly citing " personal reasons . "
A spokesman for Twelve books , which published " Hitch - 22 , " tells POLITICO that , " Unfortunately travel is impossible right now for personal reasons , but obviously Christopher is eager to get back on the circuit and will be doing so soon . "
A poster on the website Reddit.com wrote that Hitchens was spotted leaving a plane on a stretcher .
I 've written Twelve Books regarding that rumor and will update this post when I hear back .
UPDATED : 4:15 p.m.
LAS VEGAS --
Saying he 's chasing a dream to win an NBA title , Zydrunas Ilgauskas is leaving the Cavaliers after 14 seasons to join LeBron James and the Miami Heat .
The Cavs had a contract offer on the table and told Ilgauskas he was always welcome with the organization , but with the team in rebuilding mode , Ilgauskas chose to accept a two - year , $ 2.8 million offer in Miami .
The second year will likely be a player option .
" It was a tough decision for me ; very emotional , " Ilgauskas told The Plain Dealer .
" I spent 14 years of my life here .
I came in as a young boy and grew up to be a man .
Cleveland had a lot to do with that . "
The Heat , who had no centers under contract , began recruiting Ilgauskas after James signed last week .
James was part of the recruitment effort .
" Obviously ( LeBron ) related how much he'd like for me to join him , " Ilgauskas said .
" I looked at all my options .
When I stepped away from all the hoopla that surrounded free agency , from a basketball standpoint , for me personally , it was the best decision I could have made . "
James reacted to Ilgauskas ' decision on his Twitter feed Tuesday .
" Welcome Big Z. Glad u are joining me in South Beach my friend .
Also thanks for the encouraging words big fella , " James wrote .
Ilgauskas is the Cavs franchise 's all - time leader in games played ( 771 ) , rebounds ( 5,904 ) and blocks ( 1,269 ) and is second in points ( 10,616 ) .
He made All - Star appearances in 2003 and 2005 after recovering from reconstructive surgery on his foot .
Last season was a difficult one for Ilgauskas as he moved to the bench for the first time to back up Shaquille O'Neal .
Then he was traded in February as the Cavs acquired Antawn Jamison .
He took a buyout from the Washington Wizards and returned to the Cavs a month later but had lost his rhythm and his spot in the rotation and he did not play strongly down the stretch .
He averaged 7.4 and 5.4 rebounds in his final year with the team .
One of the better offensive rebounders in NBA history with 2,336 of them , Ilgauskas is still effective with his mid-range jump shot .
The Heat have been looking for big men after letting their starting center , Jermaine O'Neal , leave in free agency .
The Cavs and Heat were one of six teams to show interest in Ilgauskas .
" I do n't have to tell you how much I love Cleveland , " Ilgauskas said .
" I know I 'm from Lithuania , but Cleveland will always be my home .
I love the people of Cleveland .
But at some point in life , life changes and you have to move on .
I 'm not going anywhere .
I 'll be back in the summer .
I 'm just changing my workplace .
" I 've been a loyal soldier for 14 years .
I just feel it 's time for me to go and chase my dream of winning a ring .
If I 'm fortunate enough to do that , a lot of me will thank Cleveland for it . "
Mary Schmitt Boyer contributed to this story .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Parasites in the gut such as whipworm have an essential role in developing a healthy immune system , University of Manchester scientists have found .
It has long been known that microbes in the gut help to develop a healthy immune system , hence the rise in popularity of probiotic yoghurts that encourage ' friendly ' bacteria .
But new research by Professors Richard Grencis and Ian Roberts shows that larger organisms such as parasitic worms are also essential in maintaining our bodily ' ecosystem ' .
Professor Roberts , whose work is published in Science , explains : " It is like a three - legged stool - the microbes , worms and immune system regulate each other .
" The worms have been with us throughout our evolution and their presence , along with bacteria , in the ecosystem of the gut is important in the development of a functional immune system . "
Professor Grencis adds : " If you look at the incidence of parasitic worm infection and compare it to the incidence of auto - immune disease and allergy , where the body 's immune system over - reacts and causes damage , they have little overlap .
Clean places in the West , where parasites are eradicated , see problems caused by overactive immune systems .
In the developing world , there is more parasitic worm infection but less auto- immune and allergic problems .
" We are not suggesting that people deliberately infect themselves with parasitic worms but we are saying that these larger pathogens make things that help our immune system .
We have evolved with both the bugs and the worms and there are consequences of that interaction , so they are important to the development of our immune system . "
Whipworm , also known as Trichuris , is a very common type of parasitic worm and infects many species of animals including millions of humans .
It has also been with us and animals throughout evolution .
The parasites live in the large intestine , the very site containing the bulk of the intestinal bacteria .
Heavy infections of whipworm can cause bloody diarrhoea , with long - standing blood loss leading to iron - deficiency anaemia , and even rectal prolapse .
But light infections have relatively few symptoms .
Professors Grencis and Roberts and their team at Manchester 's Faculty of Life Sciences investigated the establishment of Trichuris and found it is initiated by an interaction between gut bacteria and the parasite .
They further found that a broad range of gut bacteria were able to induce parasite hatching .
In the case of Escherichia coli ( E - coli ) , bacteria bound to specific sites on the egg and rapidly induce parasite hatching .
With E- coli , hatching involved specific bacterial cell - surface structures known as fimbriae , which the bacteria normally use to attach to cells of the gut wall .
Importantly , the work also showed that the presence of worms and bacteria altered the immune responses in a way that is likely to protect ourselves , the bacteria and the worms .
Intestinal roundworm parasites are one of the most common types of infection worldwide , although in humans increased hygiene has reduced infection in many countries .
High level infections by these parasites can cause disease , but the natural situation is the presence of relatively low levels of infection .
The team 's work suggests that in addition to bacterial microflora , the natural state of affairs of our intestines may well be the presence of larger organisms , the parasitic roundworms , and that complex and subtle interactions between these different types of organism have evolved to provide an efficient and beneficial ecosystem for all concerned .
Professor Roberts says : " The host uses its immune system to regulate the damage caused by the bacteria and the worms .
If the pathogens are missing , the immune system may not give the right response . "
Professor Grencis adds : " The gut and its inhabitants should be considered a complex ecosystem , not only involving bacteria but also parasites , not just sitting together but interacting . "
Explore further Friend or Foe? Scientists Determine How the Intestine Keeps Us Safe From Microbial Invaders
More information : ' Exploitation of the Intestinal Microflora by the Parasitic Nematode Trichuris muris ' , Science .
She ’s no angel !
For a decade , Sister Milindia has tugged on heartstrings in Little Italy .
Wearing a cross , veil and nun ’s black habit , she approaches strangers and asks for donations , saying she ’s an Episcopal sister raising money for an orphanage and the homeless .
Saturday , July 17 , was typical for her .
She spent the day hustling along Mulberry Street ’s busy pedestrian plaza , ducking into Italian restaurants and thrusting her metal cup at shoppers , diners and passers - by .
“ Please give money for the children of St. Joseph ’s , ” she asked a reporter seated at an outdoor table at Giovanna ’s Ristorante .
Many did , and after five hours of begging , Sister Milindia called it quits .
At 6:30 p.m. , she bought some bootleg DVDs outside a pharmacy and caught the Brooklyn - bound Q train at Canal Street .
During the ride , she tried peddling vials of perfume to a female straphanger , who turned her down .
She got off at Avenue J / Kings Highway , where , cigarette dangling from her lips , she disrobed on the street .
She pulled off her white coif , black veil and tunic - like habit to reveal a pink tank top .
She put on brown shorts under her black skirt , which she peeled off , folded and stuffed into a plastic bag .
After buying a sandwich , canned pasta and a bottle of water , she took a bus to Linden Boulevard in East New York , lit another cigarette and rang the bell at 714 Jerome St. , a rundown brick house with garbage strewn across its front yard .
A hulking man emerged , gave her a bear hug and whacked her lustily on the behind .
A boy who answered the door there two days later said she had gone to Atlantic City .
All in a day ’s work for the lying nun .
“ Sister Milindia ” is not a sister .
The Episcopal Church has never heard of her ; she ’s been busted at least once , in 1997 , for misrepresenting herself as a nun in The Bronx ; and the orphanage for which she claims to raise money does n’t exist .
Her real name is Mindy LeGrand , 54 , and she ’s connected to a “ church ” in Crown Heights founded in the 1970s by a killer rapist with a harem of a dozen phony nuns .
The church is now led by the founder ’s son , who is also a convicted rapist .
The outfit has no Episcopal or other church affiliation , is not a registered charity and has no foster - or day - care license of any kind .
The pseudo - sister spins competing tales .
She tells some would - be donors that she ’s collecting for an orphanage in upstate Liberty and others that the money is “ for the homeless . ”
She described herself as a “ missionary sister for the Episcopalian Church ” and claimed to care for 37 13 - year - old girls .
She told a reporter that she was different from other nuns “ because we take only two vows , ” which she declined to explain .
She says she has been collecting money on Mulberry Street for 30 years .
Police , who often shoo her away , say it ’s more like 10 .
They say they ’ve wanted to bust her for years but ca n’t come up with a charge that will stick .
“ This is worse than a crime — this is a sin , ” said an officer familiar with her antics .
“ She is going to burn in hell . ”
Her sister act includes wearing an aging homemade ID around her neck with the name Sister Milindia , though she told a reporter her name was “ Sister Melinda . ”
The ID indicates it is from St. Joseph ’s Church of Christ and Home , where , she explained , further donations can be made .
The “ church , ” at 222 Brooklyn Ave. in Crown Heights , is a four - story residential row house that has no sign .
An open room on the first floor is rimmed by a handful of folding chairs but there are no printed material , spiritual icons or indication that the place offers services .
LeGrand is a member of a cult - like clan whose founder , Devernon LeGrand , was a notorious serial killer and rapist who did 30 years at an upstate prison and died in jail in 2006 at age 82 .
Mindy is Devernon ’s daughter - in - law , according to Quomenters LeGrand , 53 , one of the founder ’s sons .
“ She had married into the family , ” said Quomenters , a former Wall Street worker who says he handles youth services for the church while his ex-con brother , Noconda LeGrand — convicted of participating in the rape with his father — serves as reverend and head of the operation .
“ She ’s our sister , ” said Quomenters , who declined to provide details about the marriage or Mindy ’s relationship with the family .
But he said she raises a “ substantial ” amount of the funds needed to keep the church going .
“ She belongs to St. Joseph’s .
She ’s been around for many years , ” he said .
She has also had trouble paying her bills for years .
A $ 2,843 judgment by Chase Manhattan bank in 1992 is among a half - dozen civil suits against her , including claims by Deutsche Bank , Capital One and KeySpan .
The suits reference two aliases : Mindy Felsher and Mindy Serano .
The church itself is cloaked in murder and mystery .
Devernon LeGrand , a self - styled bishop , used the Crown Heights building to operate what he called St. John ’s Pentecostal Church of Our Lord during the 1960s and ’70s .
Brooklyn prosecutors proved it was actually a front for his twisted harem and house of horrors .
LeGrand seduced teens and young women , forcing them to have sex with him and demanding they dress in nun outfits and beg for money .
This army of forced volunteers fanned out across the city and raised about $ 250,000 a year , prosecutors estimated .
The patriarch was convicted of murder in 1976 after he killed an ex-wife , raped a woman and slaughtered two teen girls in his order because they threatened to testify against him in a fraud case .
The girls ’ bodies were burned , hacked up and dumped in a lake in the Catskills near Liberty , where LeGrand owned a 58 - acre farm that church leaders claim is now used as a summer camp for poor kids .
Cops suspected him of additional murders .
Noconda , 55 , did eight years in jail for his role in the rape as a 20 - year - old .
He was released in 1984 and now serves as St. Joseph ’s “ pastor ” and leader , his brother said .
Noconda did not respond to requests for an interview .
The owner of the building is another family member , Schavaston LeGrand .
He owes $ 5,000 in unpaid taxes on the property , the city says .
He could not be reached .
Quomenters , who goes by the nickname “ Uncle Mentey ” in the neighborhood , says his family has rejected its dark past .
St. Joseph ’s used to have an orphanage but no longer does , although it continues to take in runaways and troubled teens , he said .
Nine of them , ranging in age from 8 to 21 , live full time in the apartments above the church space , he said .
He claimed they were all away at summer camp .
“ They ’re not really orphans — they ’re strays , kids that were put out of their homes , ” he said .
“ In order to avoid going through the system , they come to me . ”
Quomenters is well - liked in the neighborhood because he helps kids with schoolwork , organizes basketball games and gives them money , according to several youngsters hanging out at Brower Park , a block away from the church .
On Monday , Uncle Mentey was busy filling up a plastic pool outside the church building so kids could cool off .
“ I ’m the most respected person in the neighborhood , ” he said .
The good feelings do n’t extend to Little Italy and Sister Milindia , however .
“ It ’s disturbing what she is doing , ” said Stefano Signorastri , the manager of Il Cortile at 125 Mulberry St. “ I ’ve been chasing her out of the restaurant for eight years . ”
The sordid past of the cult - like family organization :
In the late 1950s , self - styled “ Bishop ” Devernon LeGrand began recruiting women — some just teenagers — to his unregistered “ St. John ’s Pentecostal Church of Our Lord ” in Crown Heights , Brooklyn .
He directed his harem of fake nuns to panhandle across the city , and reportedly sired 47 children with them by 1965 , when investigators found kids “ caged ” inside the building at 222 Brooklyn Ave .
In the 1970s LeGrand was convicted of murdering his ex-wife , raping a woman in the church and killing two teen girls .
The teen nuns ’ bodies were found in an upstate lake .
LeGrand died in prison in 2006 .
LeGrand ’s son , “ the Reverend ” Noconda LeGrand , 55 , now heads the “ church ” in the same building but called “ St. Joseph ’s Church of Christ and Home . ”
It has no nonprofit status and is not recognized by any organized religion .
Noconda did eight years in prison for raping the same woman his dad brutalized .
He was released in 1984 .
Another son of Devernon , Quomenters LeGrand , 53 , claims he left a Wall Street job to run the church ’s youth services .
He is known as “ Uncle Mentey ” in the neighborhood .
He said nine runaways are housed in the apartments above the church and that they are now camping at the family ’s Catskills compound .
He said Mulberry Street ’s panhandling “ nun , ” Sister Milindia , a.k.a.
Melinda LeGrand , is his sister - in - law but would not say whom she married .
Additional reporting by Liz Pressman and Larry Celona
A TEENAGER charged with murdering his father at a birthday party was bashed in jail after resisting a fellow inmate 's sexual advances , a court heard yesterday .
Pizza delivery driver Aaron Stiffe , 18 , was granted bail yesterday after being charged with murdering his father while celebrating his 18th birthday at Dundee Beach on June 26 .
The Darwin Magistrates Court heard Mr Stiffe allegedly stabbed his father Todd Stiffe to death with a pair of scissors .
Defence lawyer Suzan Cox , QC said Todd Stiffe became jealous of one of Aaron Stiffe 's friends talking to his " female companion " , and started a fight .
She said Aaron Stiffe and his father started fighting when Aaron Stiffe tried to break up the fight , and that Aaron Stiffe was held down by his father on the tiled kitchen floor when he reached for the scissors , and used them as a weapon to get his father off him .
Ms Cox said Aaron Stiffe had admitted stabbing his father to the police , and would argue it was self defence if the charge proceeded to a Supreme Court trial .
She told the court her client had been the victim of abuse by his father for years .
Aaron Stiffe sat in the court dock with a black eye and swollen face , which Ms Cox said was the result of an assault by a prisoner at Berrimah jail after Mr Stiffe rejected sexual advances .
Prosecutor Sergeant Mark Malogorski opposed the application , but Magistrate Michael Carey said Aaron Stiffe had rebutted the presumption against bail .
Mr Stiffe will have to report to police once a week , and is forbidden from leaving greater Darwin .
He will appear in court again next month .
Sent via : email
Body
http://10nit.com/lofiversion/index.php?t74085.html=
http://2dima.com/vb/t13613.html
http://2dima.com/vb/t21709.html
http://360oyeu.com/cgi/index.php?act=files
http://6park.com/enter2/messages/7696.html
http://acehforum.or.id/avatar-2009-dvdrip-t48246.html?s=19c63e7f2a6534417fb6541471ee57ea& ; http://acehforum.or.id/avatar-2009-dvdrip-t48246.html?s=4b8d80da083432ab256a2069174694cf&
; http://acehforum.or.id/avatar-2009-dvdrip-t48246.html?s=a2ff81087c09a2fc40def2bf4871fb5b& ; http://aflmak.com/vb/t30627.html
http://aflmak.com/vb/t31253-post227885.html
http://albumgrab.com/movies/114957-avatar-2009-dvd-mpeg.html
http://alivedownload.com/dl/AVATAR+2009+|+500MB+mkv
http://alivedownload.com/dl/Avatar+2009+CAM+Dual+Audio+ENG+SPA+XViD
http://alivedownload.com/dl/AVATAR+2009+Custom+DVD+SCR+Screener+Quality
http://alivedownload.com/dl/Avatar+2009+TS+XviD+XV+2+LiNk
http://all4pak.info/hollywood-movies/2602-avatar-dvdscr-flawl3ss.html
http://alltheportal.net/tag/part8/
http://amman-dj.com/eng/206685-avatar_retail_dvdrip_xvid/
http://ar.arapid.net/132895-????-avatar-*3d*-dual-audio-dvdscr-xvid-3d-glass-instruction-???????-dvdrip-rmvb-????.html http://arab-gb.com/vb/showthread.php?p=765714
http://argentinawarez.com/peliculas-gratis/593527-hf-com-avatar-3d-dual-audio-dvd-xvid-p3d.html
http://avaxhome.ws/video/genre/adventures/Avatar.3D.2009.html
http://badboys-aftermath.com/forum/showthread.php?p=569245
http://baixarfilmesgratisnanet.com/2010_04_01_archive.html
http://ba-k.com/showthread.php?p=10924505
http://ba-k.com/showthread.php?p=11056550
http://bayw.org/viewtopic.php?t=1308269
http://best4you.sk/post286673.html
http://best4you.sk/post294155.html
http://best4you.sk/post295067.html
http://bestleech.com/showthread.php?t=230858
http://bitporbit.net/tv-peliculas-y-series/39588/avatar-2009-dvdrip-retailingles-subs-1link/
http://biyeu.com/ga/2010/03/avatar-2009-multisub-telesync-blue-ray-fixed/
http://biyeu.com/is/2010/03/avatar-2009-multisub-telesync-blue-ray-fixed/
http://btjunkie.org/torrent/Avatar-2009-DVDScr-H264-AAC-SecretMyth-Kingdom-Release-Modified/419682237d5be70a546349eb2b5e0c1d2fbdec25614d
http://btjunkie.org/torrent/Avatar-2009-DVDScr-H264-AAC-SecretMyth-Tracked-Kingdom-Release/4196b9406c0108b2e3fbe54b369ccae0d611656aa450
http://btjunkie.org/torrent/AVATAR-2009-DVDSCR-XviD-AC3-ViSiON/443021b9c660c0d20b16d070cd3bd2374a33a18b22d3
http://btjunkie.org/torrent/Avatar-3D-DVDSCR-xViD-xSCR-DIBYA-h33t/644116ce79d3087e55d9c677441f72d58e259ccb6d36
http://btjunkie.org/torrent/Avatar-DVDScr-xvid-IMAGiNE/3293cada0f81c5ab5eb7505976c260c8b20501248e35
http://cache.phazeddl.com/2171999.asp
http://cache.phazeddl.com/2177532/
http://chanret.com/archive/index.php?t-91797.html
http://chanret.com/showthread.php?t=89289
http://chanret.com/showthread.php?t=91649
http://citywarez.com/movies/avatar-2009-dvdr-replica-t58156.html
http://club.tgfc.com/thread-6175497-2-1.html
http://club.tgfc.com/viewthread.php?action=printable&tid=6175497
http://codturk.net/forum/showthread.php?p=5230
http://colombianwarez.com/viewtopic.php?f=13&t=476513
http://colombianwarez.com/viewtopic.php?f=13&t=480443
http://colombianwarez.com/viewtopic.php?f=13&t=483704
http://colombianwarez.com/viewtopic.php?f=13&t=493905
http://colombianwarez.com/viewtopic.php?f=13&t=493914&view=previous
http://cosmoleech.ucoz.com/news/1-0-39
http://crackedsoftwares.com/forum/high-definition-movies/153018-avatar-2009-720p.html
http://crackedsoftwares.com/forum/movies/159372-avatar-2009-dvdrip.html
http://crackingforum.com/movies/142453-avatar-2009-full-hd.html
http://crackingforum.com/movies/142641-avatar-2009-full-hd-best-quality.html
http://crackingforum.com/trash/125783-avatar-2009-hot-hot-hot.html
http://cyberwarez.info/forum/archive/index.php/t-1200487.html
http://cyberwarez.info/forum/showthread.php?1276161-[HF]-MKV-Movies-Collection-[300MB-600MB]-[Updated-Daily]
http://descargaspalmundo.net/forum/dvdrip/2867-avatar-2009-audio-latino-cam-dvdrip-xvid-mu-rs-df-hf-fr-ut.html
http://desimanzil.com/vb4/hollywood-movies/22137-avatar-200-dvdrip.html
http://devilsfunhouse.org/forum/movies/336307-avatar-2009-3d-dual-audio-dvd-xvid-p3d.html
http://dexozoft.com/movies/21815-avatar-3d-2009-d.html
http://dienanh.net/forums/archive/index.php/t-137630.html
http://dillsay.com/dubbed-movies/3264-avatar-2009-dvdscr-hindi-dubbed-mediafire.html
http://dirtydingo.org/forum/movies-media/144650-avatar-2009-hard-subs-dvdrip-axxo.html
http://dirtydingo.org/forum/movies-media/146264-avatar-2009-internal-dvdrip-xvid-imbt.html
http://divxevi.com/teklink-dvdrip/452920-avatar-2009-hard-subs-dvdrip-axxogttek-link-23-alternatifaltyazi.html
http://divxmerkezi.com/dual-ac3-filmler/78618-avatar-2009-dvd-r-turkce-dublaj-4-part.html
http://divxsaati.com/showthread.php?33288-Avatar-|-2009-|-DvdRip-AC3-MKV-|-Trke-Dublaj
http://divxsaati.com/showthread.php?33477-Avatar-DVDRiP-Xvid-AC3-Tr-Dublaj&s=1308a8e8b310cd4e13d827b90a576512&p=44757
http://divxsaati.com/showthread.php?33477-Avatar-DVDRiP-Xvid-AC3-Tr-Dublaj&s=be8ace1009d4721cea1ad90a0abd03d5&p=44757
http://divxsaati.com/showthread.php?33477-Avatar-DVDRiP-Xvid-AC3-Tr-Dublaj&s=c59d745613acf581930c7d0f19759f82&p=44757
http://divxsaati.com/showthread.php?33477-Avatar-DVDRiP-Xvid-AC3-Tr-Dublaj&s=d7bcb64f2354f3d6025da7ee9c7f6d5e&p=44757
http://divxsaati.com/showthread.php?33570-Avatar-|-2009-|-Dvdrip-|-Tr-Dublaj&s=62363a83b6a6797a69372029a3deaf7d&p=44862
http://divxturka.net/2008-2009-movies/821364-rsmunlhf-avatar-2009-dvdrip-xvid-ac3-vision.html
http://divxturka.net/2008-2009-movies/837524-multi-avatar-2009-dvdrip.html
http://divxturka.net/2008-2009-movies/837617-avatar-2009-dvdrip-xvid-imbt.html
http://divxturka.net/2008-2009-movies/838519-singleavatar-2009-dvdrip-2cd-internal-dvdrip-3cd-xvid-imbt.html
http://divxturka.net/2008-2009-movies/838534-avatar-2009-internal-dvdrip-xvid-imbt.html
http://divxturka.net/2008-2009-movies/839142-avatar-2009-internal-dvdrip-xvid-imbt.html
http://divxturka.net/2008-2009-movies/839545-avatar-2009-dvdrip-imbt.html
http://divxturka.net/2008-2009-movies/842536-avatar-2009-dvdrip-ac3-xvid-lsd.html
http://divxturka.net/2008-2009-movies/862376-avatar-2009-retail-dvdrip-xvid-diamond.html
http://divxturka.net/2008-2009-movies/862804-avatar-retail-dvdrip-xvid-diamond.html
http://divxturka.net/2008-2009-movies/862987-avatar-2009-retaildvdripxvid-diamond.html
http://divxturka.net/2008-2009-movies/863074-avatar-2009-retaildvdripxvid-diamond.html
http://divxturka.net/2008-2009-movies/863090-avatar-retail-dvdrip-xvid-diamond.html
http://divxturka.net/2008-2009-movies/864064-multi-avatar-2009-retail-dvdrip-xvid-ac3-vision.html
http://divxturka.net/2008-2009-movies/865627-avatar-2009-retail-dvdrip-xvid-ac3-vision.html
http://divxturka.net/2008-2009-movies/868149-rs-hf-nl-avatar-retail-dvdrip-xvid-diamond.html
http://divxturka.net/2008-2009-movies/868199-avatar-retail-dvdrip-xvid-diamond.html
http://divxturka.net/2008-2009-movies/871507-avatar2009dvdripxvid-imbt.html
http://divxturka.net/recycle-bin/871029-avatar-dvdr-replica-perfect-quality.html
http://dohoa4u.com/diendan/showthread.php?p=30824
http://dotnxt.com/forum/viewtopic.php?f=9&p=386208
http://dotnxt.com/forum/viewtopic.php?f=9&p=386800
http://dotsis.com/mobile_phone/movies/270197-[ug]-avatar-2009-dvdrip-retail-region-1-usa-new-link.html
http://downarchive.com/forums/movies/438621-avatar-3d-2009-dvdscr-xvid-xscr.html
http://downarchive.com/forums/movies/458937-avatar-2009-dvdrip-xvid-ac3-flawl3ss.html
http://downarchive.com/forums/movies/460363-avatar-2009-dvdrip-xvid-ac3-flawl3ss.html
http://downarchive.com/forums/movies/469324-avatar-2009-dvdrip-xvid-ac3-flawl3ss.html
http://downloadsguru.com/showthread.php?p=96144
http://downloadsguru.com/showthread.php?s=15eb15a06a6f68d557fe0337ba2763ac&p=95562#post95562
http://downloadsguru.com/showthread.php?s=865b57f3f74307bcaf560d805b954517&p=95562#post95562
http://downtr.net/152496-avatar-dvdr-replica.html
http://downtr.net/find/Avatar+//+300+MB+//+MVi+//+HQ.html
http://downtr.net/find/Avatar++Dvdrip++Xvid+Toxic+No+Rar.html
http://downtr.net/find/Avatar+2010+DvdSCR+Extratorrents+HighQualityRip.html
http://downtr.net/find/Avatar+2010+Dvdscr+Xvid+Ac3+Vision.html
http://downtr.net/find/avatar+2010+dvdscr+xvid+norars??????+ltt+torrent.html
http://downtr.net/find/avatar+3d+dual+audio+dvdscr+xvid+3d+glasses+required.html
http://downtr.net/find/Avatar+3d+Dvdscr+Xvid+Vice.html
http://downtr.net/find/AVATAR+3d+french+dvdrip.html
http://downtr.net/find/Avatar+720+Ita.html
http://downtr.net/find/Avatar+Dvd+++R.html
http://downtr.net/find/Avatar+Dvd+Scr+Xvid+Ac3+Flawl3ss+Tamil+Subtitle+Free+Download.html
http://downtr.net/find/Avatar+Dvd+Sub.html
http://downtr.net/find/Avatar+Dvdcustom+Dual+Audio+Den+V4+++Torrent++Xtremetv+Org.html
http://downtr.net/find/Avatar+Dvdrip+720p+In+Hindi+Djasif+Koolati.html
http://downtr.net/find/Avatar+Dvdscr+Xvid+Imagine.html
http://downtr.net/find/Avatar+Dvdscr+Xvid+Pocahontas+Torrent+Torrentzone.html
http://downtr.net/find/Avatar+Dvdscreener+Xvid+Mention+Avi+Torrent.html
http://downtr.net/find/Avatar+Libro+Fuego+Completo+Espa++++++++++++++++++Ol+Latino.html http://downtr.net/find/HF.comAvatar+DVDSCR+XviD+AC3/-FLAWL3SS+2.0Gb.html
http://downtr.net/find/Hfavatar+3d+Dual.audio.dvdscr.xvid+P3d.html
http://downtr.net/find/Mu+Single+Avatar.3d.dvdscr.xvid+Xscr.html
http://egyseed.com/download/archive/index.php/thread-1454.html
http://elakiri.com/forum/archive/index.php/t-599764.html
http://elakiri.com/forum/archive/index.php/t-603841.html
http://eldestrampe.net/f24/88418-avatar_2009_dvdrip_xvid_r9_ac3_undead/
http://eldestrampe.net/f79/97144-avatar_2009_pal_1080p_bluray_x264_wiki/
http://elforro.com/peliculas/658563-avatar-retail-dvdrip-xvid-diamond.html
http://elwater.cl/showthread.php?t=210894
http://emploken.co.cc/2010/04/08/avatar-2009-james-cameron/
http://emuleland.net/showthread.php?t=54608
http://endow.pl/filmy-dvd-r-f154/142686-avatar-dvdr-replica-perfect-quality.html#post254436
http://expresshare.com/guest-downloads-area/11567-avatar-2009-a.html
http://exsite.pl/filmy_video_movies/filmy-dvdrip-brrip/272565-avatar-2009-pl-subbed-dvdrip-xvid-konik-up-dla-exsite.html
http://exsite.pl/filmy_video_movies/filmy-dvdrip-brrip/278860-avatar-2009retaildvdripxvidac3-rx-dwikk-51-dla-exsitepl.html
http://filedownloadfull.com/forums/f4/avatar-1262109/
http://filedownloadfull.com/forums/f4/avatar-2009-dvd-1006681/
http://filedownloadfull.com/forums/f4/avatar-2009-dvdrip-xvid-imbt-1262161/
http://filedownloadfull.com/forums/f4/avatar-2009-xvid-dvd-dual-audio-best-print-now-12-1-a-1013761/
http://filemirrors.info/download_avatar+psp.html
http://files6.com/d?f=3td959
http://files6.com/d?f=alh159
http://files6.com/d?f=cgd279
http://files6.com/d?f=rj8f59 http://filespump.com/avatar-dvdscr-khawdang-net-iso.html
http://filespump.com/zshare/avatar-dvdscr-xvid_page2.html
http://filestube.com/646bcd399f83a0e003ea,g/Avatar-2009-DVDrip-XVID-R9-AC3-UNDEAD-rapidrls-com.html
http://filmarsiv.org/2008-2009-turkce-dublaj-filmler/53344-avatar-|-2009-|-turkce-dublaj/
http://filmindirelim.tk/2008-2009-turkce-dublaj-filmler/38186-avatar-2009-dvdrip-tr-dublaj-ac3/
http://filmindirnet.net/avatar-2009-dvdrip-trdub-xvid-ac3-t31640.html?s=5209afca8202d363e5d7aa2a8be5ebe7& ; http://filmindirnet.net/avatar-2009-dvdrip-trdub-xvid-ac3-t31640.html?s=c2bc1ba124204b54fe2ae7b5d46a3ac7&
; http://filmindirnet.net/avatar-2009-dvdrip-trdub-xvid-ac3-t31640.html?s=e72eb9567aa16d94a2ee3e04776862a5& ; http://filmindirnet.net/avatar-2009-tr-ac3-dvdrip-xvid-t31214.html?s=2303049452965d875f500809de09deaf& ; http://filmindirnet.net/avatar-2009-tr-ac3-dvdrip-xvid-t31214.html?s=2baae376eb21b30b16a36d26d0b83b39& ; http://filmindirnet.net/avatar-2009-tr-ac3-dvdrip-xvid-t31214.html?s=95e96f66b7c53c4ef6a580e04aaa0de4& ; http://filmindirnet.net/avatar-2009-ts-480p-xvid-ac3-ltrg-tr-dublaj-t27245.html?s=1285be752d1a3bc90fc3c4e06f4195b4&p=268535
http://filmindirnet.net/avatar-2009-ts-480p-xvid-ac3-ltrg-tr-dublaj-t27245.html?s=936f32fa2fe30cc9fa6075f76f847b0d&p=268535 http://filmportu.com/turkce-dublaj-filmler/16553-avatar-2009-ac3-dvdripxvid-turkce-dublaj.html
http://filmportu.com/turkce-dublaj-filmler/16567-avatar-2009-turkce-dublaj-ac3-dvdrip-xvid-3-alternatif.html
http://forodd.com/hdrip-y-dvdrip-en-latino-o-subtituladas/11312-avatar-[retail-dvdrip][xvid-diamond][ing-subs-esp-lat][2009].html
http://foroxd.com/peliculas-en-otras-calidades-o-idiomas/121530-avatar-2009-dvdscr-2-19-gb.html
http://forum.4shared.com/viewtopic.php?t=15527&view=previous&sid=75c11f09e8d441c4a764ca992bf09977
http://forum.4shared.com/viewtopic.php?t=17749&sid=dfd1e2d309b7bdf65ca49f7c1da6dd40
http://forum.4shared.com/viewtopic.php?t=17750&view=previous&sid=22edf1aee89a53ba4989f1a520845dcd
http://forum.asrejavan.info/showthread.php?p=4814096
http://forum.asrejavan.info/showthread.php?p=4844784
http://forum.dienanhtre.com/f14/direct-download-hd-bac-nao-co-dieu-kien-test-giup-em-cai-nay-co-phai-la-avatar-hd-ko-20733/
http://forum.eramfilm.com/forums/showthread.php?p=2216
http://forum.festivalhue.com/f14/avatar-2009-dvdrip-xvid-35194/
http://forum.festivalhue.com/f14/direct-download-hd-mf-rs-nl-avatar-2009-720p-bluray-x264-dts-brussia-sieu-hot-31451/
http://forum.festivalhue.com/f14/direct-download-hd-rs-avatar-2009-1080p-bluray-x264-dts-brussia-31235/
http://forum.festivalhue.com/f14/non-hd-download-rs-avatar-2009-dvdrip-xvid-imbt-33031/
http://forum.festivalhue.com/f14/non-hd-download-rs-avatar-2009-internal-dvdrip-xvid-imbt-33296/
http://forum.katzforums.com/showthread.php?t=1780098
http://forum.rapidshareindex.com/redirect.php?fid=7&tid=18892&goto=nextoldset
http://forum.rapidshareindex.com/thread-20043-1-1.html
http://forum.update24h.com/40541-post1.html
http://forum.update24h.com/action-hanh-dong/19442-avatar-2009-dvdrip-imbt-action-adventure-sci-fi.html
http://forumishqiptar.net/archive/index.php/t-2610.html
http://forum-maximus.net/viewtopic.php?f=5&t=448277
http://forum-maximus.net/viewtopic.php?f=5&t=451120
http://forum-maximus.net/viewtopic.php?f=5&t=465752&start=0
http://forum-maximus.net/viewtopic.php?f=5&t=466937&start=0
http://forum-maximus.net/viewtopic.php?f=5&t=477512
http://forum-maximus.net/viewtopic.php?f=5&t=482709&start=0
http://forum-maximus.net/viewtopic.php?f=5&t=483470&start=0
http://forum-maximus.net/viewtopic.php?f=5&t=487802
http://forum-maximus.net/viewtopic.php?f=5&t=488663
http://forum-maximus.net/viewtopic.php?f=5&t=490084 http://forum-maximus.net/viewtopic.php?f=5&t=491913&view=next
http://forums.zerosecond.org/showthread.php?s=8c4641d6a86b791adaecdba1d1e78253&p=196165#post196165
http://forums.zerosecond.org/showthread.php?s=9fd0543925bef354f07986268387db2b&p=195567#post195567
http://forumsoft4u.org/avatar-2009-dvdrip-xvid-imbt-t72975.html
http://forumsoft4u.org/avatar-retail-dvdrip-xvid-diamond-t73136.html
http://fotobugilvideobokep.com/search/Fairstars+Audio+Converter+v1.73+|+.:VNDownload.Org : http://freegooglewarez.com/tv-shows/39-avatar-2009-ts-full-dvd-custom-dual-audio-den-v4rapidshare-megaupload.html
http://freeposts.blog.com/2010/04/10/avatar-2009-al-dvdrip-xvid/
http://freshfiles.net/files/jacehall
http://freshsofts.com/movies/290125-avatar-2009-hd-1080p-premium.html
http://freshsofts.com/movies/316401-mutil-avatar-retail-dvdrip-x264-ac3-timpe.html
http://freshwap.net/forums/cy/movies/1144456-avatar-2009-hd-rip.html
http://freshwap.net/forums/cy/movies/1193355-avatar-2009-dvdrip-xvid-r9-ac3-undead.html
http://freshwap.net/forums/cy/movies/1196022-avatar-2009-dvdrip-xvid-r9-ac3.html
http://freshwap.net/forums/cy/movies/1203335-avatar-2009-great-3d.html
http://freshwap.net/forums/cy/movies/944919-avatar-dvdscreener-xvid-mention.html
http://freshwap.net/forums/fa/movies/1080205-avatar-3d-dvdscr-xvid-xscr.html
http://freshwap.net/forums/ja/movies/1080205-avatar-3d-dvdscr-xvid-xscr.html
http://freshwap.net/forums/lt/movies/1046407-avatar-3d-duel-audio-dvdscr-xvid.html
http://freshwap.net/forums/lt/movies/944919-avatar-dvdscreener-xvid-mention.html
http://freshwap.net/forums/movies/1244933-avatar-2009-dvdrip-axxo.html
http://freshwap.net/forums/movies/1264752-avatar-2009-retail-dvdrip-xvid-diamond.html
http://freshwap.net/forums/movies/1265004-avatar-2009-dvdrip-xvid-ac3-flawl3ss-sound-5-1-a.html
http://freshwap.net/forums/movies/1274506-ug-avatar-2009-dvdrip-retail-region-1-usa-new-link.html
http://freshwap.net/forums/movies/1285479-avatar-2009-a.html
http://freshwap.net/forums/sw/movies/1154175-cop-out-2010-720p-ts-xvid-prism.html
http://freshwap.net/forums/sw/movies/230422-all-movies-one-new-6.html
http://freshwap.net/forums/sw/movies/664178-avatar-dvdcustom-1080p-divx-crys.html
http://freshwap.net/forums/zh-CN/movies/1080205-avatar-3d-dvdscr-xvid-xscr.html
http://freshwap.net/forums/zh-TW/movies/1080205-avatar-3d-dvdscr-xvid-xscr.html
http://fulldivxindir.org/turkce-dublaj-filmler/48099-avatar-turkce-dublaj-dvdrip-2009-sadece-3-part.html
http://fuzzyshare.com/thread-28379.html
http://gaogulou.com/viewthread.php?action=printable&tid=15720
http://gappon.com/avatar-2009-dvdrip-xvid-ac3-flawl3ss-2026153.html
http://gappon.com/avatar-retail-dvdrip-xvid-diamond-2032246.html
http://get4share.com/forum/free-download-avatar-2009-dvdscr-ac3-imagine-action-adventure-sci-fi-354935.html
http://haiphongit.com/forum/showthread.php?p=64643
http://haridy.com/ib/showthread.php?p=2318403
http://hatinhvn.com/diendan/f410/avatar-2009-3d-dual-audio-dvd-xvid-p3d-11521.html
http://hdvietnam.com/diendan/showthread.php?p=578714
http://hdvietnam.com/diendan/showthread.php?p=582457
http://hdvietnam.com/diendan/showthread.php?t=54572
http://hfilm.net/turkce-dublajli-filmler-turkish-dubbing-movies/14460-avatar-2009-turkce-dublaj-ac3-dvd-xvid.html
http://hitfilmindir.com/avatar-2009-ac3-dvdrip-xvid-turkce-dublaj-t101514.html?s=b508805ade9d863f8406db7d1b636b8a& ; http://hitfilmindir.com/avatar-2009-ac3-dvdrip-xvid-turkce-dublaj-t101514.html?s=c76d9a3c83a49a92403d7487558f68ba& ; http://hitfilmindir.com/avatar-2009-dvdrip-xvid-r9-ac3-undead-t98512.html?s=069d4558e203ed431d0c6ea7ad0fecb3& ; http://hitfilmindir.com/avatar-2009-dvdrip-xvid-r9-ac3-undead-t98512.html?s=150ee604bde12f2c839bfca145f0588b& ; http://hitfilmindir.com/avatar-2009-dvdrip-xvid-r9-ac3-undead-t98512.html?s=3fb0ce97609644cd9b06f7beec7917ae&
; http://hitfilmindir.com/avatar-2009-r2-dvdrip-xvid-ac3-vision-nette-ilk-t101907.html?s=30b231e954ed997e165c22d79388f587&
; http://hitfilmindir.com/avatar-3d-3-boyutlu-2009-dvdscr-xvid-xscr-tr-altyazi-t101982.html?s=009c726c4591aef684a87545e41008a5&p=517947
http://hitfilmindir.com/avatar-3d-3-boyutlu-2009-dvdscr-xvid-xscr-tr-altyazi-t101982.html?s=3c54d91c02cbdfa3684e2cc068ad9b07&p=517947
http://hitfilmindir.com/avatar-3d-3-boyutlu-2009-dvdscr-xvid-xscr-tr-altyazi-t101982.html?s=5babf319653c30c2611de3b8a9f4cd57&p=518019
http://hitfilmindir.com/avatar-3d-3-boyutlu-2009-dvdscr-xvid-xscr-tr-altyazi-t101982.html?s=77fa310cefad51d209cbb7745d7b296d&p=518019
http://hitfilmindir.com/avatar-3d-3-boyutlu-2009-dvdscr-xvid-xscr-tr-altyazi-t101982.html?s=b9de2b74a4b9258a379fe95eb1e5aa37&p=518019
http://hitfilmindir.com/avatar-3d-3-boyutlu-2009-dvdscr-xvid-xscr-tr-altyazi-t101982.html?s=c358bf866be7f88f2f4f03eea3d27d79&p=517947
http://hitfilmindir.com/avatar-3d-3-boyutlu-2009-dvdscr-xvid-xscr-tr-altyazi-t101982.html?s=f7b8ce664282fc0a53cd1c50441b82ad&p=518019
http://hoabinhonline.com/126723-post1.html
http://hotfile-movies.com/avatar-2009-t17970.html?s=c151abc9b75630645286ec9256825292&
; http://hotfile-movies.com/avatar-3d-xvid-t17226.html?s=8648caa6e82d7220ac6d39214c6f680e& ; http://hotfilms.org/movies/[mutil]-avatar-retail-dvdrip-x264-ac3-timpe/431366/
http://hotfilms.org/movies/[rs-com]-avatar-2009-dvdrip-xvid-imbt/418469/
http://hotfilms.org/movies/avatar-2009-3d-dual-audio-dvd-xvid-p3d/383521/
http://hotfilms.org/movies/avatar-2009-dvdrip-xvid-imbt/416495/
http://hotfilms.org/movies/avatar-2009-internal-dvdrip-xvid-imbt/418080/
http://hotfilms.org/movies/avatar-2009-multisub-telesync-blue-ray-xvid-x264-~~-download-now/440383/
http://hotfilms.org/movies/avatar-200-dvdrip/437431/
http://hotfilms.org/movies/avatar-retail-dvdrip-xvid-diamond/438055/
http://hotfilms.org/movies/my-name-khan-2010-dvdscr-xvid/437259/
http://hot-warez.com/avatar_2009_dvdrip_axxo-t19664/index.html?s=654d1ae5f6ee45dad3f046e773ebcaaa& ; http://hugereleases.com/downloads/movies/175864/avatar-retail-dvdrip-xvid-diamond
http://hugereleases.com/search/avatar-2009/2
http://hymoo.com/official-movie-forum/41099-avatar-200-dvdrip.html
http://ipb.quicksilverscreen.com/index.php?s=5a5e1ffb5167e99d44ef46d13e3951e4&showtopic=185265&st=0&p=921131&#entry921131
http://ipb.quicksilverscreen.com/index.php?s=933dd3752802c4bd6f1d591af819ce49&showtopic=185265&st=-15&p=912744&#entry912744
http://ipb.quicksilverscreen.com/index.php?s=9a43c9a2bef01f35cde5f01ac9a8c1d4&showtopic=185265&st=0&p=921131&#entry921131
http://isohunt.com/torrent_details/154089857/98941d22bb361c050ae2ee0d7203bddfdadd5f51?tab=comments
http://itprovn.net/full-download/lofiversion/index.php/t66589.html
http://itprovn.net/full-download/lofiversion/index.php/t68028.html
http://itprovn.net/full-download/lofiversion/index.php/t68267.html
http://itprovn.net/full-download/lofiversion/index.php/t69433.html
http://itprovn.net/full-download/lofiversion/index.php/t70331.html
http://itprovn.net/itvietnam/lofiversion/index.php/t54566.html
http://itprovn.net/itvietnam/lofiversion/index.php/t54986.html
http://itprovn.net/lofiversion/index.php/t71357.html
http://itprovn.net/lofiversion/index.php/t77333.html
http://itprovn.net/lofiversion/index.php/t88920.html
http://jetdl.com/download/Register+To+Get+Full+Access+To+Downloads+/3a3fj
http://jofiel.info/?p=1378
http://kaskus.us/showthread.php?s=85b3c7b665c5fc331809b4e47300e064&p=190380701#post190380701
http://katzforums.com/showthread.php?p=2379418
http://katzforums.com/showthread.php?p=2387990
http://katzforums.com/showthread.php?p=2410986
http://katzforums.com/showthread.php?p=2455979
http://katzforums.com/showthread.php?p=2529085
http://katzforums.com/showthread.php?p=2547192
http://katzforums.com/showthread.php?t=1691980
http://katzforums.com/showthread.php?t=1721020
http://katzforums.com/showthread.php?t=1800285
http://katzforums.com/showthread.php?t=1831734
http://katzforums.com/showthread.php?t=1836538
http://khoahocphothong.net/forum/forum226-phim-download/1074171-avatar-2009-dvdrip-xvid.html
http://kinobomba.net/news/avatar_avatar_2009_dvdrip_prof_perevod_chistyj_zvuk_smotret_onlajn/2010-04-16-3400
http://kino-na-sharu.ucoz.ru/load/boeviki/skachat_film_avatar_avatar_2009_camrip1400mb700mb/3-1-0-143
http://kullan.net/film-sinema_indir/film-sinema_indir/32410-Avatar-2009-DvD-R.html
http://lastfrom.info/films/35729-avatar-avatar-2009-dvdrip-205gb137gb70443mb.html
http://latestdown.com/8fb/q/Avatar+Dvdscr+3+Xvid+V2+Imagine http://lazydesis.com/english-dvd-vcd-movies/185788-avatar-dvdr-replica-perfect-quality.html
http://leakz.net/tor/details.php?torrent=a6870bc9e30f5b3460c5e4490b2acf0e6c7d5eee
http://lemonthread.co.uk/?p=5817
http://liilas.com/vb3/t139282.html
http://logalia.net/Avatar-2009-DVDrip-XVID-R9_68760.aspx
http://logalia.net/Avatar-2009-DVDrip-XVID-R9-AC3-UNDEAD_66469.aspx
http://logalia.net/Avatar-2009-DVDrip-XVID-R9-AC3-UNDEAD_66979.aspx
http://logalia.net/Avatar-2009-DVDScr-Xvid-FLAWL3SS-AC3_66308.aspx
http://lohzone.net/load/avatar_avatar_2009_dvdrip_1400mb/15-1-0-13906
http://mashro3na.com/vb3/t30968.html
http://massivelibrary.com/recent/downloadavatarthemovie
http://massivelibrary.com/recent/lilyallenglastonbury
http://mastiya.com/f27/avatar-2009-multisub-telesync-blue-ray-xvid-x264-download-now-241235/
http://mediahunt.org/download/Videos/2472724913/download-Avatar-RETAiL-DVDRip-x264-AC3-TiMPE-Movies-For-Free
http://megalink.blogetery.com/uncategorized/avatar-2009-dvdrip-xvid.html
http://megalink.blogetery.com/uncategorized/avatar-2009-retail-dvdrip-xvid-ac3-rx.html
http://megarelease.net/2010/04/16/avatar-dvdr-replica/
http://meziamus.com/films/3298-avatar-2009-dvdscr-xvid-flawl3ss-ac3.html
http://modernforums.com/index.php?s=235cc0a7a4871387fd1bd0b5de7910ee&showtopic=172914&pid=205315&st=0&#entry205315
http://modernforums.com/index.php?s=2d4bf6bf012638b49e3152dbbbff20b3&showtopic=169132
http://modernforums.com/index.php?s=32a59f15358c359b3f028b67b0b2d842&showtopic=169132
http://modernforums.com/index.php?s=590b0b1e70ad2963d00e71948824b67b&showtopic=169132
http://modernforums.com/index.php?s=976cc25213abce8e81d33ed543201e27&showtopic=172914&pid=205315&st=0&#entry205315
http://modernforums.com/index.php?s=9a00048421c0b5ef6245679fcc504e4c&showtopic=172914&pid=205315&st=0&#entry205315
http://modernforums.com/index.php?s=e1863373eb8e9b73cc6a746d3c3a67b5&showtopic=169132
http://modernforums.com/index.php?s=e61ee5c97881c9f832575a103a66adf6&showtopic=172914&pid=205315&st=0&#entry205315
http://modernforums.com/index.php?s=ef9c9db03df2b9bc8eea083adcedfb8f&showtopic=172914&pid=205315&st=0&#entry205315
http://modernforums.com/index.php?showtopic=173461
http://modernforums.com/index.php?showtopic=173489
http://moshla.com/forum/f69/my-name-is-khan-2010-dvdscr-xvid-131050.html
http://movies-online4u.com/avatar-2009-dvdrip-xvid-2.html
http://mp3nar.com/vb/showthread.php?s=&threadid=11367
http://mua247.com/forum/81367-rs-avatar-2009-1080p-bluray-x264-dts-brussia.html
http://mua247.com/forum/85957-rs-avatar-2009-dvdrip-xvid-imbt.html
http://nd-warez.info/300-500mb-movies/180152-avatar-2009-dvdscr-x264.html
http://nd-warez.info/english-movies/174586-avatar-2009-internal-dvdrip-xvid-imbt-proof.html
http://nd-warez.info/english-movies/179497-avatar-2009-dvdr-replica.html
http://nd-warez.info/english-movies/179711-avatar-2009-dvdr-replica.html
http://nd-warez.info/english-movies/180422-avatar-2009-dvdrip.html
http://new.taringa.net/posts/tv-peliculas-series/5207688/Avatar-[2009][DVDrip-XviD-iMBT][3-cd][3-Servidores].html http://nhacmp3.us/f30/avatar-dvdrip-2009-a-102.html
http://ninjavideo.net/movies
http://nofwarez.pl/467478-post1.html
http://nofwarez.pl/467550-post2.html
http://novamov.com/video/si1zoxf27j4os
http://offlinesat.com/showthread.php?t=26
http://oneclickmoviez.net/home/?p=1379 http://onlinemovieworld.co.cc/2010/04/avatar-2009-hollywood-movie-watch.html
http://onlywarez.org/movies/avatar-2009-pal-720p-bluray-x264-dts-33390/
http://onlywarez.org/movies/full-hd-avatar-2009-very-hot-46389/
http://palddl.com/movies/163838-my-name-khan-2010-dvdscr-xvid.html
http://palddl.com/movies/164711-avatar-2009-pal-720p-bluray-x264-wiki.html
http://persianjoke.net/1389/01/avatar-2009-internal-dvdrip-xvid-imbt/
http://phazeforums.com/avatar-2009-dvdrip-xvid-imbt-11-51417.html
http://phazeforums.com/avatar-2009-internal-dvdrip-xvid-imbt-11-51451.html
http://phimhongkong.com/f/showthread.php?361825-UG-Avatar-2009-DVDrip-XVID-R9-AC3-UNDEAD=&p=1213398&language=gl
http://phimhongkong.com/f/showthread.php?p=1205363&language=zh-CN
http://phimhongkong.com/f/showthread.php?p=1214690&language=gl
http://phimhongkong.com/f/showthread.php?p=1214690&language=mt
http://phimhongkong.com/f/showthread.php?p=1214690&language=th
http://phimhongkong.com/f/showthread.php?p=1214690&language=tl
http://pinokyotr.com/film-sinema/11753-avatar-2009-dvd-r-turkce-dublaj-4-part.html
http://pirate-club.net/showthread.php?p=64224
http://plube.com/2010/04/07/avatar-2009-dvdrip-xvid-imbt/
http://pogoed.com/forum/movie-downloads/329038-avatar-2009-dvdr-replica.html
http://polska-muzyka-mp3.tk/detale,0ca46ed5d66a5cceba5f43332a6945d580f7e205.html
http://portalxd.com/avatar-dvdscr-xvid-t520595.html?s=000a9aa718e8328634787168a2cde496&p=2557170
http://portalxd.com/avatar-dvdscr-xvid-t520595.html?s=078917734914366e39b059e8bd31935e&p=2557170
http://portalxd.com/avatar-dvdscr-xvid-t520595.html?s=357cd67c537c8ebcff454d92b73dd06c&p=2557170
http://portalxd.com/avatar-dvdscr-xvid-t520595.html?s=3e629198444962b4292188fe8a5d269a&p=2557170
http://portalxd.com/avatar-dvdscr-xvid-t520595.html?s=4e11d261d2c864cc75e00a4555e193f3&p=2557170
http://portalxd.com/avatar-dvdscr-xvid-t520595.html?s=c08dc26cdbeaabcf2a531fcb474f7b56&p=2557170
http://portalxd.com/avatar-dvdscr-xvid-t520595.html?s=c5bdf77d0739e538a5b3d91efed9049f&p=2557170
http://portalxd.com/rs-com-avatar-t523075.html?s=085b17073afe605ae3b5b8439f344122& ; http://portalxd.com/rs-com-avatar-t523075.html?s=3ff68453944ea467c4be70fe5e1adfdc&
; http://precyl.pl/filmy-download/2732423-sf-avatar-dvdrip-xvid-by-bronto.html
http://precyl.pl/mietnik/2741157-odp-rs-hf-st-nl-mu-inne-avatar-2009-a.html
http://prescene.com/avatar.dvdr-replica-download-471907.html
http://qoftd.com/search/Avatars+200*400
http://rapgodfathers.com/forum/hd-blu-ray/726176-avatar-2009-pal-720p-bluray-x264-wiki.html
http://rapidlinkfind.com/rs-9s3x
http://rapidpiracy.com/index.php?/topic/178943-avatar-2009-dvdrip-xvid-r9-ac3-undead/?s=2bfdda42ffecdee63862d15d31316427
http://rapidpiracy.com/index.php?/topic/178943-avatar-2009-dvdrip-xvid-r9-ac3-undead/?s=3dd1504cab0d816eb38f538d1ce1c93b
http://rapidpiracy.com/index.php?/topic/178943-avatar-2009-dvdrip-xvid-r9-ac3-undead/?s=717c97e43e4cca4646e36b28e420526e
http://rapidpiracy.com/index.php?/topic/178943-avatar-2009-dvdrip-xvid-r9-ac3-undead/?s=a401bd75ecc06382a766b3c8f8fd4630
http://rapidpiracy.com/index.php?/topic/178943-avatar-2009-dvdrip-xvid-r9-ac3-undead/?s=b45a437477ac522bfc6e5e83ad0c9fd2
http://rapidpiracy.com/index.php?/topic/178943-avatar-2009-dvdrip-xvid-r9-ac3-undead/?s=d57702342be1515989193b374c49e991
http://rapidshare.com.pl/all/search/avatar-.html
http://rapidshare.overget.com/movies/avatar-3d-2009-dvdscr-xvid-xscr-17456.html
http://rapidshare2download.net/forums/398991-post1.html
http://rapidshare2download.net/forums/movies/370314-avatar-2009-dvdrip-xvid-ac3-vision.html
http://rapidshare2download.net/forums/movies/370545-avatar-2009-dvdrip-xvid.html
http://rapidshare2download.net/forums/movies/370961-rs-avatar-2009-dvdrip-xvid-pocahontas.html
http://rapidshare2download.net/forums/movies/375040-avatar-2009-pal-720p-bluray-x264-dts-newlink.html
http://rapidshare2download.net/forums/movies/375183-avatar-2009-dvdrip-xvid-ac3-flawl3ss.html
http://rapidshare2download.net/forums/movies/399981-avatar-2009-br-rip-720p-x264-mkv-sample.html
http://rapidshare2download.net/forums/movies/400090-avatar-200-dvdrip.html
http://rapidshare2download.net/forums/movies/400914-avatar-2009-br-rip-720p-x264-mkv-sample.html
http://rapidshare2download.net/forums/movies/401314-avatar-2009-pal-720p-bluray-x264-wiki.html
http://rapidshare4movies.com/forum/8172-avatar-fully-3d.html
http://rapidsharedownload.net/forums/movies/164343-avatar-2009-a.html
http://rapidsharedownload.net/forums/movies/169502-hf-com-avatar-2009-dvdrip720p-hq-07-02-2010-a.html
http://rapidsharedownload.net/forums/movies/177911-avatar-2009-dvdscr-xvid-prism.html
http://rapidsharedownload.net/forums/movies/183065-hd-movie-avatar-2009-a.html
http://rapidsharedownload.net/forums/movies/198251-avatar-2009-new-link.html
http://rapidsharedownload.net/forums/movies/219668-hf-com-avatar-3d-dual-audio-dvdscr-xvid-p3d.html
http://rapidsharedownload.net/forums/movies/223018-hf-com-avatar-3d-dual-audio-dvdscr-xvid-p3d.html
http://rapidsharedownload.net/forums/movies/251203-avatar-200-dvdrip.html
http://rapidsharedownload.net/forums/movies/254193-avatar-2009-dvdscr-xvid-imagine-v2.html
http://rapidsharedownload.net/forums/movies/271411-hf-com-avatar-2009-dvdrip-xvid-ac3-vision.html
http://rapidsharedownload.net/forums/movies/273063-avatar-2009-r2-dvdrip-xvid-ac3-vision.html
http://rapidsharedownload.net/forums/movies/276802-avatar-2009-dvdrip-xvid-imbt.html
http://rapidsharedownload.net/forums/movies/277119-avatar-2009-internal-dvdrip-xvid-imbt.html
http://rapidsharedownload.net/forums/movies/283493-avatar-2009-3d-dvdscr-xvid.html
http://rapidsharedownload.net/forums/movies/285847-avatar-2009-retail-dvdrip-xvid-diamond.html
http://rapidsharedownload.net/forums/movies/286089-avatar-retail-dvdrip-xvid-diamond.html
http://rapidsharedownload.net/forums/movies/286465-avatar-2009-retail-dvdrip-xvid-diamond.html
http://rapidsharedownload.net/forums/movies/286765-avatar-2009-dvdrip-xvid.html
http://rapidsharedownload.net/forums/movies/287186-avatar-retail-dvdrip-x264-ac3-timpe.html
http://rapidsharedownload.net/forums/movies/287860-avatar-retail-dvdrip.html
http://rapidsharedownload.net/forums/movies/288743-ug-avatar-2009-dvdrip-retail-region-1-usa-new-link.html
http://rapidsharedownload.net/forums/movies/289199-avatar-2009-a.html
http://rapidsharedownload.net/forums/movies/290025-avatar-2009-pal-720p-bluray-x264-wiki.html
http://rapidsharedownload.net/forums/movies/290222-avatar-2009-pal-720p-bluray-x264-wiki.html
http://rapidsharedownload.net/forums/movies/290799-hf-com-avatar-2009-br-rip-720p-x264-mkv-sample.html
http://rapidsharegarden.org/15273-avatar-2009-dvdrip-xvid-pocahontas.html
http://rapidsharegarden.org/2010/04/09/avatar-2009-dvdrip-xvid-reupload.html
http://rapidsharegarden.org/print:page,1,18540-avatar-retail-dvdrip-xvid-diamond.html
http://rapidsharelink.net/dl/So+Long+.html
http://rapidsharelink.net/print:page,1,24-avatar-2009-internal-dvdrip-xvid-imbt.html
http://realestniggas.com/board/showthread.php?t=1013981
http://realraptalk.com/f59/avatar-2009-dvdrip-xvid-r9-ac3-undead-1240308/
http://realraptalk.com/f59/avatar-dvdr-replica-1295139/
http://realraptalk.com/f59/avatar-retail-dvdrip-xvid-diamond-1297387/
http://releasy.pl/kategorie/filmy/dvdscr
http://releasy.pl/tagi/zoe-saldana
http://ritaroxx.co.cc/avatar-2009-dvdrip-xvid-imbt/
http://rlslog.net/avatar-retail-dvdrip-xvid-diamond/comment-page-3/
http://rowarez.org/forum/old-movies/514131-just-you-avatar-2009-full-hd.html
http://rozy.web.id/tag/download-film-terbaru/
http://rsdownload.net/27458-avatar-2009-dvdrip.html
http://rsdownload.net/29531-avatar-2009-internal-dvdrip-xvid-imbt.html
http://s4line.com/vb/showthread.php?p=76331
http://salfeet.ps/vb/forumdisplay.php/54-a?EI?-U??-??AY??a-??AI?E??-?????I??
http://serieshot.net/descargar-avatar-2009-full-hd-best-quality.html
http://serieshot.net/descargar-avatar-retail-dvdrip-x264-ac3-timpe.html
http://serieshot.net/descargar-avatar-retail-dvdrip-xvid-diamond-2.html
http://setimoceu.com.br/modules/planet/view.article.php/37397/b54
http://setimoceu.com.br/modules/planet/view.article.php/37397/view.article.php?com_mode=flat&com_order=0&article=37397
http://shareshiz.com/showthread.php?p=1463
http://shbool-sat.com/vb/showthread.php?p=11680
http://smartforumz.org/forums/english-movies/337206-avatar-2009-br-rip-720p-x264-mkv-sample.html
http://softsclub.com/movies/282954-hf-com-avatar-2009-dvdrip-xvid-r9-ac3-real.html
http://softsclub.com/movies/319865-mix-avatar-2009-dvdrip-xvid-ac3-flawl3ss.html
http://softsclub.com/movies/320908-hf-com-avatar-2009-3d-dual-audio-hd1080p-xvid-p3d.html
http://softsclub.com/movies/345238-hf-avatar-200-dvdrip.html
http://softsclub.com/movies/346284-avatar-2009-hard-subs-dvdrip-axxo.html
http://softsclub.com/movies/346594-hf-com-avatar-2009-br-rip-720p-x264-mkv-sample.html
http://softsclub.com/movies/347527-hf-com-avatar-2009-br-rip-720p-x264-mkv-sample.html
http://softsclub.com/movies/347676-avatar-2009-full-hd.html
http://softsclub.com/movies/348204-full-hd-avatar-2009-a.html
http://softsclub.com/movies/348555-avatar-2009-multisub-telesync-blue-ray-xvid-x264-download-now.html
http://softsclub.com/movies/348622-full-hd-avatar-2009-very-hot.html
http://softsclub.com/movies/348871-avatar-2009-multisub-telesync-blue-ray-xvid-x264-download-now.html
http://soloratas.com/post/4713?action=profile;user=TheMclaren05
http://soupirata.net/showthread.php/1539-Avatar-3D-Dual-Audio-DvDScr-Xvid/page2?p=3387
http://soupirata.net/showthread.php/1539-Avatar-3D-Dual-Audio-DvDScr-Xvid/page2?p=3395
http://space-download.com/movies/91573-Avatar_Hard_Subs_DvDrip-aXXo.html
http://stars-box.com/forum/t277518.html
http://strikegently.com/?p=42986&cpage=1
http://styanulo.ru/films/print:page,1,83030-avatar-avatar-2009dvdrip700mb.html
" http://sumotorrent.com/search/Avatar.DVDScr.XviD-DEVISE .html " http://superlink.blog.friendster.com/cat/movies/page/72
http://tactools.org/avatar.html
http://taringa.net/posts/tv-peliculas-series/4902482/avatar-2010-full-audio-en-espaA?ol.html
http://taringa.net/posts/tv-peliculas-series/5157584/avatar-dvdcustom.html
http://taringa.net/posts/tv-peliculas-series/5161860/Peliculas-[DVDRip][v17_5].html
http://taringa.net/posts/tv-peliculas-series/5221419/Avatar-Retail-Dvdrip-Xvid-Diamond.html
http://telona.org/avatar-ts-rmvb-dublado/comment-page-1/
http://thathustle.com/forums/showthread.php?p=337066
http://thathustle.com/forums/showthread.php?t=247968
http://thedownloadforum.com/movies/207224-avatar-2009-a.html
http://thesameip.com/myspace-proxy/browse.php?u=Oi8vd3d3LjZwYXJrLmNvbS9lbnRlcjIvbWVzc2FnZXMvNzY5Ni5odG1s&b=13
http://theviperfiles.com/Avatar-DVDRip-XViD-POCAHO-t152037.html&mode=linear
http://tipete.com/userpost/descargas-gratis/avatar-dvd-rip-xvid-dfhfrs-descarga-gratis-rapidshare-hotfile
http://tipete.com/userpost/peliculas-series-y-tv-gratis/avatar-2009-descarga-gratis-pelicula-hotfile-1
http://tipete.com/userpost/peliculas-series-y-tv-gratis/avatar-2009-dvdrip-fxg-descarga-gratis-pelicula-hotfile
http://tipete.com/userpost/peliculas-series-y-tv-gratis/avatar-2009-pal720pblurayx264-wiki-pelicula-descarga-gratis-ho
http://tipete.com/userpost/peliculas-series-y-tv-gratis/mutil-avatar-retail-dvdrip-x264-ac3-timpe-pelicula-descarga-gr
http://top4film.com/forum/showthread.php?p=99171
http://torrentfreakz.com/downloads.php?torrent=avatar+2009+blu-ray+720p&page=3
http://torrentreactor.net/search.php?search=2&words=avatar-3d-dvdscr-xscr〈=〈=DE&r=50000000
http://torrentreactor.net/search.php?search=2&words=avatar-3d-dvdscr-xscr〈=〈=ES&r=50000000
http://torrentreactor.net/search.php?search=2&words=shes-league-telesync-xvid-imagine〈=
http://torrents.si/torrents/avatar-dvd-ready-to-burn-iso-unidogma/a6870bc9e30f5b3460c5e4490b2acf0e6c7d5eee
http://torrentusa.com/torrents/avatar-dvdrip-xvid-pocahontas/85d06173972cf736f77e095ec5b7dda322cf5e62
http://torrentz.com/77278d89100a1618af59784f35fc3ff4f6883419
http://torrentz.eu/a008501d460352bf21008a59b9f2a8dc57b2de9d
http://torrentz.eu/f667a1530cd4466459acab4f6d5d3344643f8c6f
http://turanchox.com/?p=9571
http://twistysdownload.com/forums/movies/108715-avatar-2009-retail-dvdrip-xvid-ac3-vision.html
http://twistysdownload.com/forums/movies/108743-ff-com-avatar-retail-dvdrip-xvid-diamond.html
http://uprius.com/TheLastWinter9e29-1-w-0-0
http://usawarez.net/f32-movie-tv-show/avatar-2009-dvdrip-ac3-xvid-lsd-379646.html
http://vagos.es/showthread.php?p=1053278798
http://vagos.es/showthread.php?p=1053305471
http://vagos.es/showthread.php?s=86803ab9103ab93482242b6fbb8174eb&t=764118
http://vagos.es/showthread.php?s=86803ab9103ab93482242b6fbb8174eb&t=795688
http://vagos.es/showthread.php?s=86803ab9103ab93482242b6fbb8174eb&t=796463
http://vagos.es/showthread.php?s=86803ab9103ab93482242b6fbb8174eb&t=797868
http://vagos.es/showthread.php?s=86803ab9103ab93482242b6fbb8174eb&t=799029
http://vagos.es/showthread.php?s=86803ab9103ab93482242b6fbb8174eb&t=801827
http://vagos.es/showthread.php?s=86803ab9103ab93482242b6fbb8174eb&t=819742
http://vagos.es/showthread.php?s=86803ab9103ab93482242b6fbb8174eb&t=833512
http://vagos.es/showthread.php?s=86803ab9103ab93482242b6fbb8174eb&t=842136
http://vagos.es/showthread.php?s=86803ab9103ab93482242b6fbb8174eb&t=850310
http://vagos.es/showthread.php?s=86803ab9103ab93482242b6fbb8174eb&t=852284
http://vagos.es/showthread.php?s=a1f3673b781f3b98c691c0c2e9b9d365&t=850310
http://vagos.es/showthread.php?s=e06c55b349efc04863034cddbefe8b7e&t=850310
http://vagos.es/showthread.php?s=e06c55b349efc04863034cddbefe8b7e&t=852284
http://vagos.es/showthread.php?t=773247
http://viciowarez.com/descargar-moviez-9/avatar-2009-575mb-dvdscr-xvid-1030687/
http://viciowarez.com/descargar-moviez-9/avatar-2009-dvdrip-1047287/
http://viciowarez.com/descargar-moviez-9/avatar-2009-full-hd-best-quality-1174783/
http://viciowarez.com/descargar-moviez-9/avatar-2009-full-hd-best-quality-movie-1162058/
http://viciowarez.com/descargar-moviez-9/avatar-2009-hd-blueray-720p-xvid-multisub-1031694/
http://viciowarez.com/descargar-moviez-9/avatar-2009-pal-720p-bluray-x264-wiki-1174440/
http://viciowarez.com/descargar-moviez-9/avatar-2009-r2-dvdrip-xvid-ac3-vision-1069018/
http://viciowarez.com/descargar-moviez-9/avatar-3d-2009-dvdscr-xvid-xscr-1047972/
http://viciowarez.com/descargar-moviez-9/avatar-3d-2009-dvdscr-xvid-xscr-1057549/
http://viciowarez.com/descargar-moviez-9/avatar-dvdrip-xvid-pocahontas-1065115/
http://viciowarez.com/descargar-moviez-9/full-hd-avatar-2009-very-hot-1177060/
http://vientay.com/f/archive/index.php?t-352596.html
http://vietbf.com/forum/showthread.php?p=879724
http://vietdownloads.com/showthread.php?t=14206
http://vnbit.net/316-avatar-2009-dvdrip-xvid-imbt.html
http://vnsoft4you.com/phim-nuoc-ngoai/3695.htm
http://warez.free-offline.com/page/11?t=2843
http://warez.free-offline.com/tag/????/page/2
http://warez4u.info/movies/47300-avatarretaildvdripxvid-diamond.html
http://warezbaba.com/tag/xvid-nulled/
http://warezbyte.com/movies/74667-avatar-2009-pal-720p-bluray-x264-wiki.html
http://warezdistrict.com/forum/viewtopic.php?f=18&t=3599
http://warezdistrict.com/forum/viewtopic.php?f=18&t=3839
http://warezik.eu/showthread.php?t=72344
http://warezik.eu/showthread.php?t=72344&s=8c51fc467306bedf13f43df18d967693&p=134840#post134840
http://warezlobby.org/movies/899005-avatar-2009-dvdrip-xvid-imbt.html
http://warezlobby.org/movies/899795-single-avatar-2009-dvdrip-2cd-internal-dvdrip-3cd-xvid-imbt.html
http://warezlobby.org/movies/900102-avatar-2009-internal-dvdrip-xvid-imbt.html
http://warezlobby.org/movies/937792-avatar-retail-dvdrip-xvid-diamond.html
http://warezlobby.org/movies/944113-avatar-retail-dvdrip-xvid-diamond.html
http://warezlobby.org/movies/953057-avatar-retail-dvdrip-x264-ac3-timpe.html
http://warezlobby.org/movies/953654-avatar-2009-hard-subs-dvdrip-axxo.html
http://warezlobby.org/movies/955326-avatar-2009-br-rip-720p-x264-mkv-sample.html
http://warezlobby.org/movies/956386-avatar-2009-v2-dvdrip-x264-ac3-lusi.html
http://warezlobby.org/movies/956693-avatar-2009-br-rip-720p-x264-mkv-sample.html
http://warezmania.info/showthread.php?t=64687&language=sw
http://warezmania.info/showthread.php?t=65534&language=mt
http://warez-max.com/showthread.php?t=335402
http://warezownia.net/filmy/5114-.html
http://warezownia.net/filmy/5508-.html
http://warezrocker.net/forum/movies/180747-avatar-2009-internal-dvdrip-xvid-imbt.html
http://warezscene.org/movies-tv-shows/1844189--avatar-2009-a.html
http://warezshares.com/index.php?/topic/23599-avatar-2009-dvdrip-xvid-imbt/
http://warezusa.org/thread-334108-post-378053.html#pid378053
http://warezxl.org/hd-movies/20748-avatar-2009-720p-x264-hdrip-ctd.html
http://warezxl.org/hd-movies/50518-avatar-2009-pal-720p-bluray-x264-wiki.html
http://warezxl.org/hd-movies/51143-avatar-2009-multisub-telesync-blue-ray-xvid-x264-download-now.html
http://warezxl.org/hd-movies/51740-avatar-2009-pal-720p-bluray-x264-wiki.html
http://warezxl.org/rips-only/16987-avatar-2009-hdrip-480p-best-hight.html
http://warezxl.org/rips-only/35315-avatar-2009-high-quality-single-link.html
http://warezxl.org/rips-only/42064-avatar-2009-dvdrip-xvid-imbt-2010-1-55-gb-one-link.html
http://warezxl.org/rips-only/49134-avatar-2009-3d-dvdscr-xvid-dmz.html
http://warezxl.org/rips-only/49449-avatar-2009-dvdscr-x264-600mb-scorp.html
http://warezxl.org/rips-only/50998-http-avatar-2009-multisub-telesync-blue-ray-xvid-x264-download-now.html
http://warezxl.org/rips-only/51544-http-avatar-2009-multisub-telesync-blue-ray-xvid-x264-download-now.html
http://warezxl.org/rips-only/51743-http-avatar-2009-multisub-telesync-blue-ray-xvid-x264-download-now.html
http://warmacher.com/viewtopic.php?p=307699
http://warmacher.com/viewtopic.php?p=317096
http://waz-warez.org/viewtopic.php?f=5&t=1382824
http://wbangla.com/thread218428.html
http://wbangla.com/thread221375.html
http://wbangla.com/thread221971.html
http://wbangla.com/thread222050.html
http://webtinhoc.vn/home/showthread.php?p=34577&page=3
http://webtinhoc.vn/home/showthread.php?t=2012&p=31265&viewfull=1
http://wesearch4all.com/?p=1212
http://wezit.ru/?newsid=21621
http://wiki.taringa.net/posts/tv-peliculas-series/5090634/Avatar-(2009)-DVD-Full-Custom-Dual-Audio[Nuevos-links].html http://wildformovies.com/2010/04/avatar-2009-multisub-telesync-blue-ray-xvid-x264-download-now/
http://wildformovies.com/2010/04/avatar-2009-pal-720p-bluray-x264-wiki-2/
http://wildformovies.com/2010/04/mix-avatar-2009-dvdrip-xvid-ac3-flawl3ss/
http://wpfilez.co.cc/category/movies/page/5/
http://ww.taringa.net/posts/tv-peliculas-series/5043165/Avatar-*3D*-Dual-Audio-DVDScr-XviD+3D-Glass-Instructions.html
http://xaquehuong.com/archive/index.php/t-212007.html
http://xaquehuong.com/archive/index.php/t-227475.html
http://yenifilmindir.com/avatar-dvdscreener-xvid-mention-indirmeden-online-izle.html
http://zepirata.com/2010/03/23/avatar-2009-dvdrip-xvid-r9-ac3/
http://zonamusical.net/tu_zona/pc-304/avatar-2009-dvd-mpeg-319908/
http://zonamusical.net/tu_zona/pc-304/avatar-james-cameron-2009-dvd9-319703/
http://zopo.vn/showthread.php?p=28382
http://zopo.vn/showthread.php?t=5499
Attention Google : On behalf of Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation and / or its subsidiaries and affiliated companies ( " Fox " ) , I am writing to notify you of the infringement of Fox 's intellectual property rights in the above - referenced motion picture in Google Search results .
Demand is hereby made that Google take immediate action to stop such infringements .
The search results and links identified in the attached spreadsheet are specific examples of Google search results linking to video files and websites that infringe upon Fox 's intellectual property rights .
Fox hereby demands that Google promptly remove and disable the links to all unauthorized copies of works whose copyrights are owned by Fox of which it is aware , including the infringing files identified in the attached spreadsheet .
This letter is not a complete statement of Fox 's rights in connection with this matter , and nothing contained herein constitutes an express or implied waiver of any rights , remedies , or defenses of Fox in connection with this matter , all of which are expressly reserved .
We appreciate your prompt attention to this important matter .
The undersigned has a good faith belief that use of the materials in the manner described herein is not authorized by Fox , its agent , or the law .
The information in this notice is accurate .
Under penalty of perjury , the undersigned is authorized to act on behalf of Fox with respect to this matter .
Kind regards , [ redacted ]
Manager , Online Enforcement Content Protection Fox Group Legal [ redacted ]
Los Angeles , CA 90067 o : [ redacted ] [ redacted ]@fox.com
Piracy tips : [ redacted ]fox.com
Microsoft is planning to offer PC manufacturers $ 2 per copy of Microsoft Office Starter 2010 , if they pre-install the Bing bar and Windows Live Essentials , according to zdnet .
PC makers can also opt to not install the Bing bar and Windows Live Essentials , but will pay $ 5 per copy of Microsoft Office Starter 2010 .
A significant price difference when PC makers are purchasing licenses in very large quantities .
Microsoft strategy is to get their Bing search engine and other Windows tools , found in Windows Live Essentials like Movie Maker , Live messenger , Mail , Writer , etc onto PCs , increasing their marketshare for their products .
The installation will also set the default search engine on the users browser to Bing , and MSN as their homepage .
Note the acryonom use , OPC is OEM Partner Central , H&S is Home and Student , H&B is Home and Business , Pro is Professional .
OPK is OEM Preinstallation Kit , the Office single image that OEM manufactures use to pre-load Office 2010 onto new PCs .
Microsoft will also be releasing Microsoft Office 2010 single - license key cards , which wo n't actually contain any data on them , other than a serial key .
These key cards will be available in major retail stores , which will active Office 2010 on customers PCs .
Microsoft Office Starter 2010 comes with an ad - based version of Word and Excel , with limited functionality .
Users can unlock their copy of Office at any time .
image courtesy of zdnet
This is fiction and fantasy for those who knew Hazel .
Bill Hayden said that the drover 's dog could have led the Labor Party to victory in 1983 , but Hawke was worried about the number of votes he would lose as a divorced man so he implored Hazel to stay with him .
It was the right call .
It did not take long for Hazel to develop a following of her own - which in subsequent elections became a major reason voters supported Hawke .
Hazel 's speech to the National Press Gallery in January 1984 established her as an unassuming , disarmingly honest , sincere and intelligent human being - an ordinary woman , one we could all identify with and admire for the way she handled herself .
There was a strong feeling among women that if Hazel stayed with Bob , he could n't be as bad as reports suggested .
In an interview on Sunday following the telemovie , Hawke struggled to remember what Hazel 's interests were as the prime minister 's wife .
He came up with '' education ' ' , but he could not remember any details .
Children , their welfare and the arts were Hazel 's priorities .
Among other organisations , the Brotherhood of St Laurence , Austcare , the Australian Youth Orchestra , the NSW Heritage Council , World Wide Fund for Nature and the Australian Children 's Television Foundation had Hazel 's support .
This meant she worked for them ; she was not just a figurehead .
I was two years into my appointment as founding director of the ACTF when Hazel agreed to join the board in December 1983 ; she remained a member for 18 years .
It was my privilege and good fortune to work alongside and get to know Hazel through those years .
She used her public profile selflessly and strategically to promote the causes she chose , including children 's television .
Hazel set up a critically important meeting and came with me to see Michael Duffy when he was minister for communications in the Hawke government .
Duffy , who respected Hazel , was under siege at a time when there was serious conflict between the commercial television stations and the Australian Broadcasting Tribunal .
Fifteen commercial licensees were challenging the validity of the children 's program standards in the High Court , which handed down a decision stating the standards were invalid .
Duffy introduced an amendment bill strengthening the Broadcasting Television Act and affirming the tribunal 's powers to impose quotas and standards .
Without this legislation , the children 's television production industry could not have become the successful domestic and international business it did .
Hazel never complained about the cards dealt her in life : not when her husband walked out after she had supported his ambition ; not when she became the victim of Alzheimer's .
She and Bob had built a new home in Sydney where they were living after he lost the prime ministership to Paul Keating .
Hazel invited me and another colleague to visit .
She told us that Bob and Blanche wished to marry sooner rather than later , but the law required separation for a year prior to divorce .
To move the wedding date forward , Bob wanted Hazel to agree that they had not been living as man and wife , although they were living under the same roof and undertaking public functions together .
She feared financial retribution for the children if she did not agree .
We urged her to seek independent legal advice , but Hazel chose to go quietly .
She moved to a simple suburban home , while Bob and Blanche moved into the harbour mansion .
Hazel 's memory had been troubling her and she suggested she resign from the ACTF board .
I talked her out of it at first , but by 2001 she could not travel alone .
At her farewell board dinner , she made a speech that was lucid and moving for all those present , who knew what lay ahead as she made no secret of her condition .
Hazel is an exceptional person who was always gracious .
Bob Hawke was a fortunate man to have her by his side when he ran to be prime minister .
His wife was an important vote winner and it is unlikely Bob 's ambitions would have been fulfilled without her loyalty and dedication to him , and the genuine care she demonstrated for the people of Australia .
She is not someone to be cursorily dismissed from our history .
Patricia Edgar is an author , television producer and educator .
She was the founding director of the Australian Children 's Television Foundation .
The Federal Government says a new website will be launched next month that will allow people to compare the performance of public hospitals .
Health Minister Nicola Roxon says the MyHospitals website will compare waiting times for elective surgery and emergency department care with national averages .
It was part of the $ 5 billion health deal Kevin Rudd struck with the states and it is in the same vein as Prime Minister Julia Gillard 's MySchool website .
Hospitals in Western Australia will not be listed because that state has not signed up to the national health reform agreement .
Ms Roxon says it draws back the curtain on the performance of the nation 's hospital system .
" People just on their laptop or at the stroke of - not of a pen - but of a key , will be able to access information about every single public hospital in Australia other than those hospitals in Western Australia , " she said .
" That means information about more than 600 public hospitals will for the first time be available on one website .
" And gradually more and more information will be available so that patients can see how their local hospitals rates or can get information if they are visiting interstate or can compare for elective surgery and emergency department care . "
But the Opposition says the Government 's new website is just a stunt .
Opposition health spokesman Peter Dutton says it is more about the election campaign .
" Interesting is n't it that on the last business day before the election 's likely to be called that Julia Gillard would round off with a stunt on a My website , " he said .
" My Fuelwatch and My Grocerywatch and all of the nonsense ... over the course of the last two years is now being repeated in health . "
Ms Roxon says she does not think the website will make things worse for hospitals , who may wind up competing for doctors .
" I do n't think this is about competition .
I think this is about information and knowledge for patients and quality and a continuing focus on quality and access for all hospitals , " she said .
" It really is backing in the reforms that the Government has invested in and it will give people information as we move to introducing our emergency department four hour times , our elective surgery guarantee .
" You have to have these building blocks in place to be able to track over time improvements when you are doing something as ambitious as reforming the health system . "
Ms Roxon says although the information may not help those in emergency situations , it will be a useful resource for those looking at having elective surgery .
" I am not ever going to suggest that before somebody calls an ambulance they should check on the website this information , " she said .
" But importantly it gives patients information when they do have options , when they are looking at having elective surgery .
" There might be many patients who can see that travelling a distance will actually mean they will be seen more quickly and that might be preferable in their circumstances . "
TerryWhitehead.ca
Terry Whitehead is the Hamilton City Councillor representing the residents of the West Hamilton Mountain .
The boundaries of the West Hamilton Mountain – Ward 14 , are from Ancaster on the West to Garth Street on the East side , and from the West Hamilton Mountain Brow to the Hydro Corridor south of Rymal Rd West .
Residents of the West Hamilton Mountain – first elected Councillor Terry Whitehead in 2003 .
Thank you so much for dropping by the official website for West Hamilton Mountain – Ward 14 Councillor Terry Whitehead .
On our new and improved site you ’ll find links to the budget for 2019 as well as the projects specifically taking place on the West Hamilton Mountain .
We ’re also including a new section on upcoming road work so you ’ll be sure to know when a local street or arterial road in Ward 14 is going to be closed for short term or long term repair .
Transcending Time
Mushrooms - P. Cubensis
Citation : No one .
" Transcending Time : An Experience with Mushrooms - P. Cubensis ( exp45587 ) " .
Erowid.org .
Sep 19 , 2007 .
erowid.org/exp/45587
DOSE :
13 g oral Mushrooms - P. cubensis ( plant material )
BODY WEIGHT : 190 lb
BACKGROUND : The summer after my freshman year I bought a mushroom kit from a local head shop with the intention of taking it home and doing mushrooms all summer long .
I had previously tripped on low dosages ( one 2.5 gram trip , one 1 gram trip , one 4 gram trip ) of mushrooms earlier in the year .
These trips amounted to nothing more than a few breathing walls , small visual distortions , and very stoned thoughts .
Mindset : Fastforward to mid-summer .
The mushrooms took a very long time to grow , something like a month and a half .
No complaints really , since it was a kit that required little to no attention or preparation , just a little anxious to do my mushrooms since my summer was already half gone .
Due to the unforseen growing time of the shrooms I had decided to do a large dose at once .
I knew I had to plan my trip carefully knowing this .
Before dropping the shrooms I drilled it in to my brain that it was going to be a good trip and that all variables within my control had been carefully scrutinized and that there was no need to go to my friends , parents , or authorities for anything .
No need to leave my room .
Setting : Late night / Early morning 1 am , My room .
I had put every pillow and blanket I could scrounge into my closest to create a super comfortable cocoon .
My Trip : This is written in the chronological order that I experienced .
1 am - I had originally decided to do 7 grams , a dosage a college friend recommended .
I dropped the mushrooms one by one , some fresh , some dried .
After reaching the seven gram target I weighed out the remainder of mushrooms , 6 grams .
And on an impulse I just shoved the 6 grams in to my mouth .
After a little mental math 6+7=13
I began to panic at the sheer dosage I had done .
Thoughs began to fill my mind that my dad would come up stairs open my door and find me all tripped out in my closet , the panic began to crecendo .
At that moment I reminded myself of the careful planning that went into this endevour ; that was the last unpleasent feeling of the night .
115 am - I turn on the black light in my room shut the closet door and turn of the lights .
Complete sensory deprivation .
I spend the next few minutes lying in my cocoon just having run of the mill sober thoughts .
120 am - Nothing yet .
I turn my head to the left and feel my stomach churn .
I close my eyes and extrodanary patterns of colors and geometric shapes suddenly hit me .
I am tripping , hard .
I am paying a lot of attention to the visuals they are quite like nothing I had ever seen , magnificent geometric and fractal patterns .
I see intensifiying patterns for the next 10 minutes , I am quite lucid for a while .
I turn my head forward again and the geometric patterns are quite strong .
145 am - I have reached a plateau and am quite sure that this is the peak of my trip .
But then this strange visual static , a little like TV Snow , only a little though , it 's truly indescribable , starts to appear behind the colorful patterns .
It slowly starts overcoming the patterns , and now the patterns are coming in and out of the static quite like a fading radio station .
I suddenly realize that I am in for much more than I had originally thought .
Soon the geometric patterns and colors are gone and not to bee seen again , only the static remains .
I can feel myself losing grasp of reality , I am not lucid like I was just moments earlier , I am sprialing down into the psychadelic abyss .
Flurries of pictures begin to flash in front of me , pictures I have n't seen since childhood .
Feelings I have n't felt since childhood begin to flow through me .
My child hood mindset had actually taken hold of me .
I did n't understand what was happening , but I knew that I was no longer 19 years old .
I was 7 .
All the memories were clear , as if I was reliving them , actually there .
I opened my eyes and saw a faint light coming from a door shining light on the complete darkness that was a familiar room .
I understood this vision to be from my past when I was newly born , lying in my crib in my parents room .
It felt real , not imagined or dreamt .
At that point the room disappeared and only the distant light was visible .
My cocoon began to feel warm and wet , it felt as if it encompassed my entire body .
The light faded and I felt my eyes begin to wander around the compete darkness , they were no longer in sync .
Each eye was going in its own direction and focusing and defocusing , they had minds of their own .
My fingers began to move on their own accord , I had absolutely no control over their movement .
2 am - 15 minutes have passed and I have alredy re-experienced my birth .
I was crying at the sheer beauty of life and it 's creation .
I bawled for the next 15 minutes .
215 am - I had gone insane .
I had taken a small analog watch with glowing hands to keep track of time in the complete darkness , and at exactly 2:16 I snapped .
This was the last time during the trip that time had any meaning or even existed .
For the past hour I had been steadily losing grasp of reality but nothing prepared me from this sudden meltdown of my mind .
I abruptly stopped crying .
At the moment I did n't not think I was insane , but I was .
It was as if my mind had been struggling to break loose of it's confines for the last hour and had finally made it to the other side .
Nothing mattered anymore , I was inhabting the 4th dimension .
I was living all parts of my life at once .
Time broke down completely .
All the thoughts I had ever had in my entire life were suddenly present at the front of my mind , and there was room for all of it .
I even recognized thoughts and memories that I had n't even lived through yet , thoughts of my wife and children , my work , my success , the tribulations of being in my 40s with a family !
I 'M ONLY 19 .
It did n't matter though , I had transcended time , it was all relevent .
I also had this strange ability to recall every dream I had ever had , with this ability I could recall dreams and explore their landscapes as I never could before , like they were real places .
I had my eyes open this entire time , the sensory deprivation really got to me , I projected my thoughts on to my eyes , and explored my dream worlds in great detail walking , running , feeling things , touching things , talking with people .
The dreams and the reliving of my life were simultaneous and seem to take eternities .
The entire time I had this feeling of peace and beauty , as if I had lived my life entirely and was ready to die .
All feelings became one , joy and suffering were indestinguishable from eachother , all feelings joined together to create an innerpeace telling me everything is ... going / going to be / has already been ... alright .
I wonder if I 'm going to stay this way forever .
2 somethingA.M. - Everything becomes too much for me to handle , and I decide to leave the sensory deprivation closet .
I open the door .
To my great suprise I had forgotten about the black light so everything looks extremely different and slightly frightening .
There is this weird three dimensional script all over the floor of my room .
Everything is spinning and moving and breathing and waving .
I look at the clock but it makes no sense .
It says 2:15 am .
I make no attempt to reconcille the fact that everything I had experienced in the closet since last looking at my watch ( which seemingly took an indescribably long time ) had taken no time at all .
I look away from the clock and begin to contemplate the time I had ' just spent ' in the bathroom , I glance at the clock and it says 3:15 , I look away again and ask myself how an hour just pass in a few seconds .
I look back at the clock and it says 2:45 , and I go to the bathroom .
While in the bathroom I realize that time was skipping back and forth , and that I was experiencing things before they happen and then doing them .
This is a most strange feeling .
I look at myself in the mirror and I morph in to an old man ( which is what I was contemplating earlier before it even happened ! ) .
The old version of myself was unsettling .
315 am - I get bored of looking at the future me .
I leave the bathroom and contemplate the time I had ' just spent ' in there .
I glance at the clock , 3:15 am , it means nothing to me .
I lay down in my bed and begin 3 hours of intense introspective travel until I fall asleep .
Conclusions :
It has taken me weeks to recover from this one trip .
I still do n't fully understand it .
Especially the time aspect .
In the morning I looked at both my room clock and the watch I had used in the closet and both were telling the same time .
I truly felt as if I inhabited a dimension where time has no meaning when past , present , and future are all the same .
I also beleive the mind stores everything that it experiences , absolutely everyting , and that somehow psychadelics are the gateway in which we tap our unused parts of the brain , unlocking realms of existance that only the divine are said to inhabit .
Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani could still face death penalty , despite reprieve that follows international campaign led by her children
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
A 43 - year - old Iranian woman will not be stoned to death after an international campaign launched by her children .
It is unclear whether the authorities have lifted the death sentence for alleged adultery against Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani or if she faces execution by another means .
Mohammadi Ashtiani endured a sentence of 99 lashes after being convicted in May 2006 of conducting an " illicit relationship outside marriage " .
But her case was reopened when a court in Tabriz suspected her of murdering her husband .
She was acquitted , but the adultery charge was reviewed and a death penalty handed down on the basis of " judge 's knowledge " – a loophole that allows for subjective judicial rulings where no conclusive evidence is present .
Her case has highlighted the growing use of the death penalty in a country that has executed more than 100 people this year .
Her son Sajad , 22 , and daughter Farideh , 17 , told the Guardian their mother had been unjustly accused and punished for something she did not do , prompting international appeals for the death sentence to be lifted .
Under Iranian sharia law , the sentenced individual is buried up to the neck ( or to the waist in the case of men ) , and those attending the public execution are called upon to throw stones .
If the convicted person manages to free themselves from the hole , the death sentence is commuted .
Iran , embarrassed by the international attention over stonings , has rarely practised it in public in recent years .
The country executed 388 people last year – more than any other country apart from China , according to Amnesty International .
Most are hanged .
Mina Ahadi , a human rights activist in Germany who helped Mohammadi Ashtiani 's children launch their campaign internationally , says she is aware of 12 other women in Iran who face death by stoning .
Malgré l'interdiction faite par l'Hadopi , et en vertu du droit à l'information , Numerama diffuse le document de consultation relatif au projet de spécifications fonctionnelles des moyens de sécurisation .
On peut donc , enfin , parler de consultation publique .
Malgré notre demande renouvelée hier , sur le fondement de la loi n°78-753 du 17 juillet 1978 qui organise le droit d’accès aux documents administratifs , la Haute Autorité pour la diffusion des œuvres et la protection des droits sur Internet ( Hadopi ) ne nous a pas transmis « le document relatif au Projet de spécifications fonctionnelles des moyens de sécurisation ».
Alors qu’il est la base d’une « consultation publique » , l’Hadopi estime qu’il s’agit là d’un document secret , de caractère préparatoire .
Une situation inédite qui révèle tout l’inconfort de la Haute Autorité face aux moyens de sécurisation , qui sont pourtant la clé de voute de la riposte graduée .
Cependant , plusieurs sources qui ont eu communication du document , parce qu’elles répondent aux critères professionnels définis par la Haute Autorité , nous l’ont transmis .
En application de la loi de 1978 et par application du droit à l’information , nous le diffusons ci-dessous malgré la notice « Confidentiel – à ne pas diffuser » qui apparaît sur l’ensemble des 36 pages du document .
S’il le faut , nous défendrons en justice ce droit d’information du public .
Le document , pourtant , ne dit presque rien que l’on ne savait déjà des objectifs des moyens de sécurisation .
Autonomes ou intégrés dans des suites d’antivirus ou de logiciels parentaux , ils devront analyser les flux et les protocoles et bloquer ou avertir l’utilisateur de trafics « suspects » , analyser la configuration informatique de l’utilisateur ( notamment ses logiciels de P2P installés , l’utilisation d’un réseau WiFi ouvert … ) pour prévenir des risques , et enregistrer les évènements du logiciel dans un double journal , dont l’un sera chiffré pour empêcher sa modification par l’utilisateur .
C’est ce journal , déchiffrable à l’aide d’une clé publique fournie à un « tiers de confiance » , qui sera transmis à l ’Hadopi pour démontrer que le moyen de sécurisation était actif au moment du téléchargement illégal supposé .
Parmi les contraintes , le document note que les moyens doivent avoir un faible impact sur les performances des machines , être simples d’utilisation et d’installation , être réalisables sous forme de logiciels libres et pour des OS libres , et ne pas transmettre d’informations à des tiers , sauf la clé de déchiffrage du journal .
Il sera par ailleurs interdit , et c’est une bonne nouvelle , d’enregistrer un historique de navigation ou de téléchargement .
Parmi les éléments importants , les moyens de sécurisation devront pouvoir être mis à jour automatiquement , notamment pour la récupération des « listes noires , grises ou blanches » . «
Il existe plusieurs sortes de listes , par exemple liste noire des sites web interdits par décision de justice , la liste grise des applications suspectes , la liste grise des mots - clés suspects , la liste blanche de l’offre légale .
Ces listes peuvent être aussi relatives à des ports TCP , à d’autres entités informatiques « , détaille le document réalisé par le professeur Michel Riguidel , qui montre clairement une volonté d’utiliser le logiciel de l’Hadopi à des fins de filtrage .
Le seul passage véritablement stratégique que nous avons décelé qui pourrait justifier la volonté de secret de l’Hadopi est le suivant , qui fait craindre le pire pour les années futures : « pour le moment le parc des boitiers ADSL est très hétérogène , et les boitiers sont dimensionnés de telle manière qu’il est difficile de loger des applications supplémentaires dans ces boitiers .
Pourtant , on peut réfléchir à ces solutions pour les futures générations de boitiers , dans le cadre du renouvellement général du parc « .
Contacté par Numerama , le porte - parole de la Quadrature du Net Jérémie Zimmermann juge que « ces specifications délirantes ( un super - firewall - antivirus - huissier inviolable tout en un !) illustrent la logique de contrôle des utilisateurs et du Net , parfaitement illusoire , que sous - tend l’HADOPI « . «
Il est en soi inquiétant que le gouvernement puisse serieusement envisager ces fonctions de journalisation , enregistrant les moindres faits et gestes des utilisateurs , voire d’étendre le dispositif à toutes les futures « box » .
Au dela de ce fantasme sécuritaire , il y a gros à parier que si un tel logiciel voit le jour ( ce qui est loin d’etre certain ! ) , il sera contourné et exploité de 15 façons « .
« Il est obcène que l’argent du contribuable soit ainsi utilisé pour se livrer à des expériences de savant fou , dangereuses et vouées à l’échec « , condamne - t- il .
For the first time in 25 years , the North Carolina .
legislature has passed much - needed reform regulating how local school districts use corporal punishment .
Back in 1985 , the legislature passed a law allowing schools to decide whether or not to use corporal punishment – as opposed to being required to do so .
That led to big improvements , and by the start of the 2009 - 10 school year , 69 districts out of 115 had banned the practice .
Yet according to a public records request conducted by Action for Children and the ACLU - NC , kids in North Carolina are still subjected to corporal punishment thousands of times a year - more than 1,400 times during the 2008 - 2009 school year alone .
Unfortunately , legislators have simply protected the system , refusing even to require annual reporting on the use of corporal punishment from school districts .
Shockingly , there ’s not even a state – or federal – law protecting children with disabilities from being subject to corporal punishment at school , a practice that was well - documented in the groundbreaking reports Impairing Education and A Violent Education , co-authored by the ACLU ’s Human Rights Program and Human Rights Watch .
There does seem to be some progress , though .
At the federal level , Congress is finally beginning to take note of this destructive practice , and things are already changing .
Due in large part to the advocacy of the ACLU ’s Washington Legislative Office , on June 29 , 2010 , Rep. Carolyn McCarthy ( D - N.Y. ) introduced the " Ending Corporal Punishment in Schools Act , " H.R. 5628 .
This bill would ban the use of corporal punishment in public schools and private schools that serve students receiving federal services .
It is a huge step forward in eliminating this form of punishment in schools .
And here in North Carolina , after years of hearing from civil liberties and children ’s advocates , legislators finally started to listen when they realized that children with disabilities – who could be physically and developmentally harmed by this kind of treatment – are not protected .
It may not seem like a huge step , but for the first time , the N.C. House and Senate unanimously supported a bill to regulate corporal punishment against students with disabilities .
The new law creates a mechanism by which parents of students with disabilities can prevent their children from being subjected to corporal punishment in school and requires extensive reporting from school districts that use corporal punishment .
Until this law was enacted , schools were only required to keep track of how many students were punished physically in school and even that data was not correlated or reported to anyone at the state level .
Now schools have to report to the state the race , grade level , whether the child had a disability , and why corporal punishment was used on an annual basis .
Because of this change , students with disabilities in all 23 districts that use corporal punishment will be protected and parents , advocates , school districts , and the state will more easily be able to monitor how corporal punishment is being used across North Carolina .
What ’s more , support for a total ban on the use of corporal punishment is building in North Carolina .
Since the bill protecting children with disabilities went into effect on Friday , July 23rd , three districts have reported banning corporal punishment and a fourth has reported that they created an “ opt - out ” for all children so that any parents can remove their child from being subject to corporal punishment .
More districts are set to vote on a local ban .
A coalition of organizations like the ACLU - NC that are concerned about child safety and students ’ rights continues to build momentum so that very soon North Carolina can join the 30 other states that ban the use of corporal punishment in schools .
Former vice president Al Gore has been cleared of allegations that he groped and assaulted a masseuse in a Portland hotel room in 2006 .
After a four - week investigation that included interviews with Gore , the masseuse , her acquaintances and hotel staff , authorities said there was no basis for prosecution .
Senior deputy district attorney Don Rees cited " contradictory evidence , conflicting witness statements , credibility issues , lack of forensic evidence and denials by Mr Gore " .
Rees also said the masseuse and her attorneys were uncooperative , witnesses could not remember anything unusual , and that the masseuse failed a polygraph examination and would not say whether she was paid by a tabloid newspaper for her story .
" Mr Gore unequivocally and emphatically denied this accusation when he first learnt of its existence three years ago , " spokeswoman Kalee Kreider said .
" He respects and appreciates the thorough and professional work of the Portland authorities and is pleased that this matter has now been resolved . "
( CNN ) --
The fourth former New Orleans police officer pleaded guilty this week in connection with police shootings of civilians on a Louisiana bridge in the days following Hurricane Katrina , authorities said .
Former officer Robert Barrios pleaded guilty in federal court to a charge he failed to report a cover -up in the investigation into the Danziger Bridge shooting in New Orleans , the Department of Justice said in a statement Wednesday .
He faces a maximum sentence of five years in prison and a fine of $ 250,000 .
Barrios ' plea comes after the guilty pleas from three other former New Orleans police officers -- Michael Lohman , Jeffrey Lehrmann and Michael Hunter -- involved in the Danziger Bridge case , the Justice Department said .
Two civilians were killed and four others wounded in the shootings on September 4 , 2005 , six days after Katrina slammed into the Gulf Coast .
In the first shooting , on the east side of the bridge , one person , later identified as James Brissette , 19 , was killed and four people were wounded , prosecutors said .
In another shooting on the bridge 's west side , Ronald Madison , 40 , a severely disabled man , was killed .
Madison 's brother was arrested but later released without being charged , authorities said .
Barrios admitted in court that he met with officers after the shooting to get their stories straight , prosecutors said .
He also admitted that he lied when he told investigators that he had seen civilians with handguns .
" In the days following Hurricane Katrina , the people of New Orleans were relying upon law enforcement to protect public safety .
Instead , the officers involved in this incident and its cover - up abused their power and violated the public trust , " said Thomas E. Perez , Assistant Attorney General in Charge of the Justice Department 's Civil Rights Division .
So how are you feeling today ?
A little run -down maybe ?
Feel a headache coming on ?
Maybe a little congested ?
Would you believe us if we told you it 's the office itself that 's making you sick ?
Statistically , most of you either work in an office , or will at some point .
Hell , most of you are probably in an office right now .
6 Sick Buildings
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
We 're not even going to discuss how encrusted with germs your keyboard and desk phone are ( we already wrote an entire separate article on that ) .
But do n't worry , that 's just the beginning .
They call it Sick Building Syndrome - - that 's even what the EPA calls it .
The thing is , once upon a time office buildings were built to let in a certain amount of fresh air .
Since , you know , it 's widely thought that air is something you need to live .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
But then the 1970s hit and suddenly energy conservation was all the rage .
That 's why the windows in your office probably do n't open , and why every crack and gap is sealed so tight you could probably set the building on the ocean floor and everybody would stay dry .
The result is buildings that are great about keeping their temperature stable , but horrible at recycling air .
They inhale pollutants via the air conditioning systems , but do n't let them back out -- to the point that the air inside that building can be up to 100 times dirtier than what you breathe outside .
If you 're wondering how OSHA and other agencies let this go on , it 's because all of their rules were written for shops that work with dangerous , smelly chemicals , rather than offices .
There are no real standards to protect the cubicle - dwellers .
As a result , for years office workers were coming down with strange symptoms no one could pin down to any actual illness .
In 1984 no less than the freaking World Health Organization determined that at least 30 percent of buildings in the world were subject to " excessive complaints " about air quality .
What kind of complaints ?
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Look up .
See that ventilation duct ?
That most likely ends up over your parking lot .
The lot that a whole bunch of cars drove into this morning .
Now all that lovely , poisonous carbon monoxide they produced is slowly making its way into your lungs .
Entry from October 19 , 2009
Enemies List
Save Money and Get More Perks using Dreamhost Coupons
If you are ready to signup with Dreamhost and want to save money , then use one of these Dreamhost Coupons listed here .
These coupons have been tested and verified to be working .
If you are still on the fence about signing up with Dreamhost , then read our Dreamhost Review , otherwise , if you are ready to go then be sure to save money and get additional features with a Dreamhost Coupon code below .
Click on the link below to Visit Dreamhost and Remember the Coupon BEKIND and be taken to the Dreamhost website signup form .
Best Dreamhost Coupons
Coupon Code Description BEKIND
Save $ 50 on Dreamhost signup , waive the setup fee or $ 50 off on the yearly plans BEKIND2 5 lifetime free domain registrations BEKIND3 4 lifetime free domain registrations and 1 lifetime free ip address BEKIND4 2 lifetime free domain registrations and 2 lifetime free IP addresses
Click here to save $ 50 with Dreamhost Coupon BEKIND
Some facts about Dreamhost Coupons :
They are limited to $ 50 – So essentially you can waive your setup fee or get $ 50 off the yearly planss by using our Dreamhost Coupon .
Free Domain Registration is included with all accounts so no coupon is needed for a free domain .
is included with all accounts so no coupon is needed for a free domain .
You can save more than $ 50 by signing up for a 1 or 2 year plan and using a Dreamhost Invitation .
A Dreamhost Coupon is the same thing as a Dreamhost Promo Code .
Dreamhost Invitation is difficult to get by you can potentially save a lot more .
There is no Dreamhost Coupon that will give you a free domain name , however if you signup for a hosting plan 1 free domain is included .
How to use a Dreamhost Coupon
Using our Dreamhost Promo
Code is very easy – all you need to know is that on the page just before you enter your payment information you will see a screen that say Just a little more — there you would enter the correct promo code and you are good to go .
Click here to save $ 50 with Dreamhost Coupon BEKIND
Dreamhost Satisfaction Guarantee Policy
Dreamhost has a 97 Day Guarantee –
They state on their website – If you decide – within the first 97 days of your time with us – that DreamHost is n’t for you , we will gladly close your account and refund any payments you ’ve made to us within those first 97 days .
The Free Trial means they wont bill for 14 days .
Dreamhost Overview
Dreamhost is a good choice for a webhost however if you are n’t sure then read our Dreamhost Review article or our piece about Dreamhost Web Hosting for more details but quickly summed up – if you consider yourself interested in technology , or techy / geeky Dreamhost could be the perfect webhost for you .
Dreamhost is a reliable web host and is a good choice in general however , where they really excel is with cutting edge advanced webhosting services – such as SVN , Ruby Integration , Debian Linux and related technologies .
No other provider comes close to being able to offer all these advanced services for less than $ 10 a month .
Dreamhost Recommendation
I recommend that you signup with a Dreamhost Coupon and waive the setup fee if you dont have many websites .
However , if you have say 5 domain names you want to buy or transfer then use our Dreamhost Coupon BEKIND2 .
Also do n’t be too worried about locking yourself into a yearly contract as you have 97 day stated on their website – to get a complete refund .
Why This Website ?
This page has been started to both promote Dreamhost as I ’m a fan and also to promote my website development services – contact me – if you want a website developed .
Again ,
Thanks for reading , take a look at our other articles and contact me if you have any questions .
Feel free to Contact me if you have any questions .
Click here to save $ 50 with Dreamhost Coupon BEKIND
Arn Anderson On What It Was Like Working With Triple H Backstage , Whether He ’ll Be The One To Succeed Vince McMahon As WWE Chairman
ABC bosses are set to let Wil Anderson loose on the federal election , giving the OK to a series of extra - length specials of ' Gruen Transfer ' , to air during the federal election .
Called The Gruen Nation , the show promises to " run an X - Ray " over the federal election uncovering the tricks political advertisers use to get their messages out .
Political insiders , and campaign veterans , will join advertising gurus Todd Sampson and Russel Howcroft to dissect each week ’s events as they unfold .
“ An election campaign is about show business .
But while everyone else will be busy discussing the business , at Gruen Nation we ’re only interested in the show , ” says Producer Jon Casimir .
“ We ’ll be trying to find out why is the election jingle extinct ?
And , if Filippino politicians can make campaign ads dressed as superheroes , why ca n’t ours ? ”
Whether it is a million dollars spent on an advertising campaign or a hundred dollars spent on a haircut or a tie , Gruen Nation will be there to decode what ’s going on for the audience and point out the many strategies political parties use to influence voters .
“ If the ABC is the national broadcaster , then Gruen Nation is the national bullshit detector , ” says the show ’s host Wil Anderson .
so much for the fence ..razor wire on top
Potwierdzone
Mobbing ?
Informacje o " tajemniczych " kropkach pojawiaj ących się w coraz większej ilości sklepów Carrefour podał " Dziennik Wschodni " po otrzymaniu informacji od czytelnika . -
Tego się nie da opisać słowami , to trzeba zobaczyć .
Bardziej się nie da poniżyć człowieka .
Aby załatwić potrzeby fizjologiczne , pracownicy muszą ustawić się na czerwonej kropce namalowanej na podłodze !
Stają się pośmiewiskiem w oczach klientów .
Kojarzy się to z obozem czy z więzieniem - opisywał sytuacje w jednym ze sklepów w Lublinie Pracownicy z opisywanego sklepu nie byli zbyt rozmowni .
W końcu jednak pożalili się gazecie , tym bardziej , że czasem , choć stoją na kropce , kierownik nie reaguje . -
To , że musimy sterczeć na tej kropce na oczach klientów , jest upokarzające .
Wcześniej odbywało się to w dyskretniejszy sposób - mówi jedna z pracownic .- Ostatnio czekałam " na kropce " prawie pięć minut .
Kierownik nie przyszedł , bo przecież też ma swoje obowiązki .
Wróciłam do swojej pracy - opowiada inna pracownica lubelskiego Carrefoura .
Informacji o kropce - przepustce do WC - nie dostaje się codziennie .
Postanowiliśmy więc sprawdzić , czy podobna kropka znajduje się w sklepach Warszawie .
Wybraliśmy najbliższy Carrefour .
I proszę .
Na ziemi , pośrodku sklepu - jak byk - kropka .
Miejsce widoczne prawie z każdego kąta sklepu . -
Widzi pan , co oni z nami robią , jak traktują ?
Jak w obozie jakimś będzie niedługo - żaliła nam się jedna z pracownic .
-
Na razie jeszcze jest normalnie , bo jak chcę wyjść , to zgłaszam przerwę np. głównej kasjerce , ale słyszałam , że od 19 lipca będziemy już musieli warować przy kropce .
Tak ma by ć chyba w całej Polsce . - dodaje .-
To absurd - dodała szeptem inna pracownica - uważając , by nikt nie widział , że rozmawia z nami o kropce .
Sama nie wierzyłam , jak dowiedziałam się o co z tym chodzi .
Słyszałam tez , że niedługo będzie tez naklejona niebieska linia przy kasach .
Jeśli kolejka będzie dłuższa niż kreska na podłodze - będzie trzeba otworzy ć kolejna kasę
To jakaś nowa organizacja pracy .-
To ewidentne naruszenie praw człowieka i mobbing w pracy - powiedział Dziennikowi Wschodniemu Jan Bartoszewski , sekretarz Ogólnopolskiego Stowarzyszenie Pracowników Sieci Handlowych " Sieciowcy " .
Informacje o czerwonej kropce trafiły równi do lubelskiej inspekcji pracy .-
Coś jest nie tak z organizacją pracy .
Wskazywanie takich stref pracownikowi jest niepojęte .
Sprawdzimy te informacje - zapewnił Krzysztof Sudoł , zastępca okręgowego inspektora pracy w Lublinie .
The blast - proof boxers :
They sound hilarious , but these Kevlar underpants could soon be saving British troops from the most feared injury of all
Well - protected : A model in the blast pants that could soon be saving troops in Afghanistan
They are certain to prompt sniggers back at barracks , but their purpose is deadly serious .
British troops in Afghanistan may soon be using a new item of protective gear – blast - resistant underpants .
With more powerful roadside bombs causing a rise in the number of groin injuries and other lower body damage , protective pants could soon be an essential part of the soldier ’s kit .
BCB International , a military accessories provider based in Cardiff , will soon be selling ‘ blast boxers ’ to the public for less than £ 60 a pair in knitted Kevlar .
The MoD is looking at a version of the pants which has a panel made of tightly - woven silk to protect the most vulnerable areas .
Used in this way , silk is very strong yet more flexible than Kevlar .
RAF medics say they have witnessed an increase in injuries to this most sensitive area of the male anatomy .
‘ We are seeing a lot of perineum [ groin ] injuries , ’ said Sergeant Sonia Darbyshire .
Her colleague Corporal Tony Pugsley added : ‘ Ninety per cent of the powerful improvised explosive device ( IED ) injuries now are ­double amputees , and the scrotum area is usually badly affected . ’
The Kevlar underpants would not protect a soldier standing directly on a powerful IED but they could stop small fragments of a blast , according to bosses at BCB International .
‘ I tested them by firing an air rifle against them , ’ said BCB scientist Matthew Searle .
‘ It matches the ballistic standards we needed . ’
Soldiers welcomed the development .
‘ You go out on patrol and you ’ve got a helmet for your head and body armour for your torso but you ’ve got nothing for your groin , ’ said Corporal Simon Mercer , who recently returned from Afghanistan with the 1st Battalion The Royal Anglian Regiment .
‘ It ’s forever in your mind .
This would have a huge impact . ’
The Kevlar underpants come in single or double layers , enough to stop a small piece of shrapnel from causing damage or severing the femoral artery , which carries blood from the legs to the heart .
Soldiers at the Defence Vehicle Dynamics Show in Millbrook , ­Bedfordshire , where the blast boxers were unveiled last week , said they would be willing to wear them .
But once on operations back in Afghanistan , several said they might ‘ forget ’ .
‘ It ’s hot and you do n’t want to wear anything that ’s going to impede your movement , ’ said one soldier .
‘ You would if your missus told you to put ’em on , ’ retorted another .
Others are not so sure .
‘ If I were to ask my husband , “ Are you wearing your blast shorts today ? ” he ’d probably say , “ Of course ” whether he was or not , ’ said Julie McCarthy , chief executive of the Army Families Federation .
‘ But we encourage anything to protect our soldiers . ’
The Army has been reluctant to introduce the groin - protection flaps that hang from the waist of US Marines ’ body armour , because they restrict movement .
Questions were raised about this policy last year following reports of a higher groin injury rate among British troops compared with the Americans in Helmand Province .
Veterans ’ charity Combat Stress has relatively little experience of psychological damage to those with genital injuries because the average time lapse before combat stress is reported is 14 years and the use of IEDs against British troops has increased dramatically in the past four years .
But an American study of war wounds concluded that although groin injuries amounted to only two to three per cent of all US casualties in Vietnam , they had a long - lasting psychological impact .
‘ They are the most feared of combat injuries , ’ said the study .
‘ For some , disfigurement of sexual organs is equivalent to the loss of all manly qualities . ’
An MoD spokesman said : ‘ We continually seek new ways to improve protection for our personnel on the front line .
We are currently researching groin - protection options and striving to achieve the right balance between protection and manoeuvrability . ’
Enlarge By Mary Ann Chastain , AP file Wendy 's new salads retail for $ 5.99 .
NEW YORK 
Wendy 's is introducing a line of salads such as Apple Pecan Chicken and BLT Cobb as the fast - food chain tailors its sales pitch to focus on " real " ingredients to appeal to foodies .
The company , a unit of Wendy 's / Arby 's Group ( WEN ) , is also testing breakfast again across the country .
Chief Marketing Officer Ken Calwell said the company plans to use what it learns through its salads and expand it into remaking other areas of the company 's business , including burgers , chicken and breakfast .
YUMMY : Fish tacos land on restaurant menus across the USA
The line of four salads is available nationwide starting Friday .
The salads retail for $ 5.99 , about $ 1 more than the previous Garden Sensations line .
The chain introduced those in 2002 and has long been considered an innovator in salads .
It was the first fast - food chain to market with a salad bar in the 1980s .
Rivals McDonald 's and Burger King have long served breakfast , and sandwich chain Subway , which has the most locations of any U.S. fast - food chain , rolled out a nationwide breakfast menu earlier this year .
Breakfast is one of the bright spots for the industry , which has been hurting as people pare back on their spending in the sluggish economy .
It 's less expensive than other meals and quick , appealing to people on the go in the mornings .
According to market research firm NPD Group , morning meal traffic rose on average 2 % over the past five years , while lunch visits were flat and dinner fell 2 % .
The salad line is part of Wendy 's effort to target people who care about ingredients and what they eat .
The company teamed up with salad dressing maker Marzetti's to create new flavors such as avocado ranch and pomegranate vinaigrette .
It 's using multiple types of greens beyond iceberg lettuce , such as spinach , red and green chard , and red and green romaine .
Wendy 's signature chili is an ingredient in the Baja salad , which features Hass avocados and pico de gallo .
Breakfast will feature " real " ingredients , too , such as applewood smoked bacon and fresh eggs .
Calwell declined to say what would be on the breakfast menu , but CEO Roland Smith said earlier this year the company expects breakfast items to be grilled egg sandwiches , oatmeal bars , roasted potatoes and fresh fruit .
He said the company will take its time getting into the growing breakfast segment because it wants to approach the business correctly .
" Our belief is even though it 's tougher and takes longer , it 's worth it , " he said .
" We want a breakfast where people go , ' Wow , here are real cracked eggs . ' "
Copyright 2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Image caption
An overhaul of the NHS was announced on Monday
The NHS in England has set aside nearly £ 1.7bn this year for reorganisation - more than seven times what it aims to save on management , the BBC has learnt .
The fund - held back from the front line - will help pave the way for GPs to take over budgets from managers .
NHS boss Sir David Nicholson said it was there to kick - start the process .
The government said significant savings would be made in the long term , but unions voiced concerns about the spending spiralling out of control .
Under the plans , all 10 strategic health authorities and 152 local management bodies known as primary care trusts are to be abolished , affecting more than 60,000 managers .
In their place , hundreds of GP consortiums will be created and given the responsibility for much of the £ 105 bn health budget .
In a letter to NHS trusts this week , Sir David said he wanted to see the first consortiums set up this year to start piloting the new system , before full roll out is completed by April 2013 .
The speed of these changes means that the money set aside for the reorganisation will spiral Karen Jennings , Unison
More funding is expected to be set aside in future years to support the changes , but the amount of money available for the first phase has led to questions being asked about the scale of the changes .
One expert writing in the British Medical Journal estimated that the total cost of the reorganisation could be between £ 2bn and £ 3bn .
Professor Kieran Walshe , from Manchester Business School , said there was no guarantee that the changes will improve performance or lead to better care for patients .
David Cameron has already clashed with opposition leader Harriet Harman during prime minister 's questions over the issue .
The Department of Health said it " did not recognise " the BMJ figure .
' Huge change '
James Gubb , a health expert from the Civitas think - tank , said : " This is a huge change and will take a lot of money to achieve because new organisations and frameworks have to be set up , staff laid off and new people recruited .
" The risk is that it ends up taking the NHS away from what it must do - becoming more efficient .
Past experience of restructures suggests it could set the NHS back between one and three years . "
And Karen Jennings , of Unison , said spending on the changes could get out of control .
" The speed of these changes means that the money set aside for the reorganisation will spiral . "
When Health Secretary Andrew Lansley announced the plan on Monday , he justified it by saying it would cut management costs by 46 % over the next four years .
The aim is to trim the £ 1.85 bn bill by £ 850 m by 2014 - £ 220 m of which will come this year .
A Department of Health spokeswoman pointed out that those savings would benefit the NHS year - after - year , but she also said the reorganisation was about improving services as well .
She added : " The White Paper will radically cut bureaucracy , freeing up doctors and nurses to do what they do best - take care of their patients . "
She said the full costs of reorganisation would be published later this year .
Here is former head and current spokesperson for the Tea Party Express Mark Williams satirically responding to the NAACP :
Dear Mr. Lincoln
We Coloreds have taken a vote and decided that we do n't cotton to that whole emancipation thing .
Freedom means having to work for real , think for ourselves , and take consequences along with the rewards .
That is just far too much to ask of us Colored People and we demand that it stop !
In fact we held a big meeting and took a vote in Kansas City this week .
We voted to condemn a political revival of that old abolitionist spirit called the ' tea party movement ' .
The tea party position to " end the bailouts " for example is just silly .
Bailouts are just big money welfare and is n't that what we want all Coloreds to strive for ?
What kind of racist would want to end big money welfare ?
What they need to do is start handing the bail outs directly to us coloreds !
Of course , the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People is the only responsible party that should be granted the right to disperse the funds .
And the ridiculous idea of " reduce[ing ] the size and intrusiveness of government . "
What kind of massa would ever not want to control my life ?
As Coloreds we must have somebody care for us otherwise we would be on our own , have to think for ourselves and make decisions !
The racist tea parties also demand that the government " stop the out of control spending . "
Again , they directly target coloreds .
That means we Coloreds would have to compete for jobs like everybody else and that is just not right .
Perhaps the most racist point of all in the tea parties is their demand that government " stop raising our taxes . "
That is outrageous !
How will we coloreds ever get a wide screen TV in every room if non-coloreds get to keep what they earn ?
Totally racist !
The tea party expects coloreds to be productive members of society ?
Mr. Lincoln , you were the greatest racist ever .
We had a great gig .
Three squares , room and board , all our decisions made by the massa in the house .
Please repeal the 13th and 14th Amendments and let us get back to where we belong .
Sincerely
Precious Ben Jealous , Tom's Nephew
NAACP Head Colored Person
Williams has since taken the original down and posted a half - hearted justification .
Mark Williams is the same man who has denounced Barack Obama as " Indonesian Muslim " and a " welfare thug . "
If Mark Williams is not a racist , then there are no racists in American society - - a position which many , some liberals among them , no doubt find plausible .
It 's been asked in comments , a few times , what good has come of the NAACP 's resolution .
I would not endeavor to speak for anyone but myself when I say that I owe the NAACP a debt of gratitude .
I have , in my writing , a tendency to become theoretically cute , and overly enamored with my own fair - mindedness .
Such vanity has lately been manifested in the form of phrases like " it 's worth saying " and " it strikes me that ... " or " respectfully ... "
When engaging your adversaries , that approach has its place .
But it 's worth saying that there are other approaches and other places .
Among them -- respectfully administering the occasional reminder as to the precise nature of the motherfuckers you are dealing with .
It strikes me that this is a most appropriate role for the nation 's oldest civil rights organization .
WASHINGTON — Young voters who had been enthralled by Barack Obama ’s “ Yes , we can ” message are now saying “ Maybe not ” — and are backing away from the president in a worrisome new poll for the White House .
Obama is losing in a match - up against a generic Republican challenger by 37 percent to 34 percent among voters in the 18 - 34 age group , according to a stunning Quinnipiac University poll released yesterday .
In March , voters in this group approved of Obama by 54 percent to 37 percent .
“ The youngest age group may be the most impatient and the most easily disillusioned among all age groups , ” said Molly Andolina , a youth - vote expert and DePaul University political - science professor .
For many young voters in 2008 , “ it was the first time they ’d been really been involved , really paying attention .
This is someone telling them , ‘ Yes , you can , ’ ” she said .
Two years later , with a prolonged Gulf oil spill , “ watching how slow it is to respond may be a little disillusioning , ” she added .
Obama won an astounding 66 percent of the vote among the under - 30 crowd , according to exit polls tracked by the Pew Research Center , the biggest winning percentage for a candidate since Richard Nixon in 1972 .
In other poll results :
* Obama ’s overall approval rating is 44 percent , with 48 percent disapproval — his worst score ever in the survey .
* The president trails an unnamed generic Republican among all voters by 39 - 36 percent .
* Voters disapprove of his handling of immigration by a stark 58 - 30 percent margin , with 60 percent saying the federal lawsuit against Arizona for its tough immigration crackdown is a bad idea .
* Obama beats Sarah Palin 49 - 45 percent in a 2012 match - up .
* Thirty - seven percent of voters say the country would be better off with John McCain as president , while 35 percent said it would be worse off .
Critically important independent voters continue to drift away from Obama , and disapprove of him by 52 - 38 percent .
A year ago , independents backed Obama 52 - 37 .
Obama gets just 39 percent approval of his handling of the economy and 43 percent approval on handling of foreign policy .
Michelle Obama does much better .
Her favorability rating is 55 - 19 percent .
geoff.earle@nypost.com
No Substitute for Economic Justice
In 1919 Frank Crane pointed out ( in “ Justice , ” one of his Four Minute Essays ) that charity was a poor substitute for justice .
Charity , he said , is a palliative which leaves injustice — privilege — in place , while helping the most unfortunate .
Charity makes it possible for the poor and unemployed to scrape by , thus enabling the system of privilege to continue .
But justice makes charity unnecessary by removing the root causes of poverty and unemployment .
Today , we could say of the welfare state and Keynesian fiscal policy what Crane said of charity .
A whole host of statistics indicate that the current recession is unlike any other since the Great Depression .
The number of long - term unemployed , and the number of people competing for each available job , are both more than double their levels in the recession of the early 1980s .
While I think Obama ’s stimulus package probably stopped the free - fall in job loss that occurred in First Quarter 2009 — just barely — we can see that as soon as the money stops being spent the economy stagnates again .
So we ’re probably headed either into the second leg of a W - shaped recession , or into a long - term period of stagnation and zero job growth .
Our old ideas on what it takes to overcome the state capitalist economy ’s inherent tendencies toward excess capacity are becoming obsolete .
And the causes go back to Frank Crane ’s understanding of justice .
Injustice is at the heart of our economic problems .
By making capital and land artificially scarce and expensive , the state forces workers to sell their labor in a buyer ’s market and thereby reduces the bargaining power of labor .
The owners of land and capital are thereby enabled to collect scarcity rents .
The economic effects are destabilizing .
Income shifts from workers , who work mainly to meet their consumption needs , to rentiers with a high propensity to save and invest .
The result is a chronic tendency toward overaccumulation and underconsumption .
At the same time , the state subsidizes the most centralized , capital - intensive forms of production , leading to mass - production industry with overbuilt plant and equipment that ’s constantly plagued with idle capacity .
The problem was “ solved ” for a while by World War II , which blew up most of the plant and equipment outside the U.S. and created a permanent war economy to absorb a major part of the destabilizing economic surplus .
But by 1970 the industrial capacity of Europe and Japan had been rebuilt , and the old tendencies toward chronic stagnation were resumed .
Since then the tendencies toward stagnating economic growth , excess capacity , and jobless recoveries have increased from one decade to the next .
The economy has become increasingly dependent on speculative bubbles to soak up surplus capital , and on growing consumer debt to absorb excess industrial output .
Given state capitalism ’s inherent tendencies toward stagnation , the welfare state and Keynesian demand management are absolutely necessary parts of it .
State intervention creates maldistribution of purchasing power and excess production capacity .
Government attempts to remedy the resulting destabilizing tendencies by taxing a small fraction of what was originally shifted from the producing classes to the rentier classes , and giving it to the most destitute portion of the exploited classes , in order to prevent politically destabilizing levels of unemployment and homelessness .
It runs a deficit during economic downturns in order to provide sufficient demand to compensate for the shortfall in purchasing power .
The problem is that the relative periods of downturn keep getting longer , and the deficit spending required to correct for the chronic demand shortfall keeps getting larger .
Once the state substitutes privilege for justice , it inevitably creates destabilizing tendencies that must be met by one of two possible courses of action .
One is to remove the privileges and allow the natural operation of justice , so that the chronic instabilities do n’t arise .
The other is to add secondary interventions like the welfare state and Keynesian fiscal policy , so the destabilizing tendencies do n’t get too bad — and to keep increasing the level of such intervention when it no longer works the way it should .
So to the “ conservatives ” who want to “ cut spending ” and “ balance the budget , ” I give this warning : Understand the implications of what you demand .
If you will not have a welfare state and deficit spending , you must have a free market — a genuine free market , not the kind of fake “ free market ” the U.S. Chamber of Commerce , AEI and Heritage Foundation call for .
You must cease to enforce monopoly rents to the owners of land , capital and “ intellectual property . ”
If you go only halfway , removing the palliative measures without removing the injustice — if you choose a fake corporatist version of the “ free market ” — you will only give us another Great Depression worse than the last one .
The choice is clear .
If you will not have justice , you must have welfare and Keynesian stimulus spending .
There is no third way .
Hezbollah warned on Saturday that Israel was preparing " something " in Lebanon and that the organization has been on high alert since Israel released aerial images to highlight the militant group 's activities close to the Israeli border earlier this week , the London - based Arabic language daily Asharq al - Awsat reported .
Open gallery view Young Hezbollah supporters holding mock ups of Katyusha rockets in front of a portrait of group leader Sheikh Hassan Nasrallah .
Credit : AP
On Wednesday , Israel offered evidence of what it says is a growing threat from Hezbollah in southern Lebanon .
In a briefing to journalists , Israel Defense Forces Colonel Ronen Marley revealed previously classified photographs to show what he said was a unit of 90 Hezbollah militants operating in the village of Al - Hiyam , where they were storing weapons close to hospitals and schools .
The Hezbollah official told Asharq al - Awsat that they were concerned that Israel was " preparing something for us " and added that they would act with restraint .
" We want to avoid heated political debates because we want the summer season to be perfect for the Lebanese despite Israeli attempts to execute what it failed to achieve in 2006 , " Asharq al - Awsat quoted the Hezbollah official .
" We are sensing suspicious international activity , especially after Israeli chief of staff Gabi Ashkenazi 's recent statements , all aimed at pressuring the Resistance , " the sources stressed .
BP ousts CEO Hayward and taps an American
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Tony Hayward will step down as chief executive of BP , the company announced Tuesday , amid ongoing outrage over the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico .
BP said Hayward will be replaced by American Robert Dudley effective Oct. 1 .
Email
Print
Quick Vote
What impact will Tony Hayward 's departure as CEO have on BP ?
Help the company
Hurt the company
No impact or View results
Like Hayward , Dudley is a long - time BP employee with more than 30 years in the oil business .
A chemical engineer by training , Dudley was put in charge of the day - to - day leadership of the Gulf Coast clean - up operation in June .
Dudley 's focus will likely remain on determining what went wrong and improving safety efforts .
But BP said Tuesday that BP America President Lamar McKay would now lead the day - to - day efforts of overseeing the clean - up in the Gulf .
BP said Hayward will receive a year 's salary amounting to $ 1.6 million but further details of his severance package were not disclosed .
Given his recent performance , compensation experts say he will probably not receive the lucrative cash bonuses or stock awards given to many outgoing executives at comparable U.S. corporations .
According to BP 's most recent annual report , Hayward amassed a pension worth nearly $ 17 million in his 28 years of service , which is expected to be doled out in annual payments of more than $ 900,000 .
It is unclear however , if Hayward , who was born in 1957 , will be eligible for retirement benefits before he turns 60 years old .
The company also plans to nominate him as a non-executive director of Russian oil and gas venture TNK - BP .
Executives at TNK - BP said they did not know whether Hayward would replace an existing director , nor did they provide any details about what Hayward 's day - to - day involvement in the business would be .
The announcement of the change in leadership came as BP reported a second - quarter net loss of $ 17.2 billion .
The heavy loss was due to a $ 32.2 billion charge the company took related to the oil disaster .
The news ends weeks of speculation about management changes at the company responsible for what has been called the worst environmental disaster in U.S. history .
It also presents an opportunity for BP to put a new public face on the company as it seeks to rebuild its reputation .
As the head of the company , Hayward became a lightning rod for public and political anger since the drill rig operated by BP exploded in the Gulf of Mexico in April .
The disaster killed 11 workers and ruptured a well deep below the surface .
BP Chairman Carl - Henric Svanberg called the Deepwater Horizon explosion a " watershed " moment for BP , and added that the company had little choice but to make a management change .
BP has since managed to temporarily halt the flow of oil into the Gulf .
But attempts to provide a permanent fix were delayed after Tropical Storm Bonnie prompted crews to suspend efforts to create a relief well last week .
BP executives said Tuesday that the company was proceeding with efforts to seal the well permanently , a process called " static kill " involves pouring mud and cement into the well from above .
The spill , which Hayward himself called an environmental catastrophe , has fouled large portions of the coastline in Louisiana , Mississippi and Florida .
It has also crippled the Gulf Coast economy and led to a government - imposed moratorium on deepwater oil drilling in the region .
The company has already committed $ 20 billion to compensate individuals and businesses affected by the spill .
But it still could face billions more in fines and legal costs associated with the explosion .
Investors have also punished the company .
Shares of BP ( BP ) have plunged nearly 40 % since the spill , erasing about $ 72 billion of BP 's market value .
Hayward reiterated his remorse for the Gulf disaster Tuesday , but in what might be his one of his last public appearances , also defended his personal record .
" I sought to do the right thing and communicate openly and transparently , " he said .
" I believe that BP has shown what corporate social responsibility really means . "
Since he was thrust into the spotlight , Hayward has made a number of high - profile gaffes that critics say illustrated his lack of sensitivity for those hurt by the spill .
In May , he botched an expression of sympathy by saying he'd like his life back , a slip for which he later apologized .
Despite signs that BP chose cheaper , riskier drilling tactics before the disaster , Hayward is not expected to face criminal charges .
Legal experts believe some mid-level employees at BP could go to jail though .
Hayward , who grew up outside London , joined BP in 1982 after completing his Ph.D. in geology at the University of Edinburgh the same year .
After stints on BP projects in Europe , China and South America , he was made a company director and returned to London in 1997 .
He moved up the corporate ladder in the years after BP merged with Amoco in 1998 , creating what was then the largest company in Britain .
He took over as CEO in 2007 .
At the time of his appointment , BP was reeling from two other major accidents at U.S. facilities - an explosion at its Texas City refinery in 2005 that killed 15 people and a massive leak in Alaska in 2006 .
Hayward defended the company 's safety record under his watch on Tuesday , noting that BP has made " significant progress " despite the Gulf spill .
-- CNNMoney.com staff writer David Ellis also contributed to this report
A married teacher who had an intimate relationship with a primary school pupil he called his " first true love " has been deregistered .
The relationship between the man and the year 8 girl developed during several terms last year .
There was at least one intimate physical encounter , although they did not have sex , the Teachers Council disciplinary tribunal decision said .
The decision was one of two released by the council .
The names and locations of teachers , pupils and schools are always removed .
The tribunal said the teacher sent the girl sexual text messages , including such statements as " I am feeling horny " , and arranged for her to come to school early so they could have time together .
He also kissed her in his room at camp and wrote her a letter that said , " Thank you 4 choosing 2 love me and be all mine and 4 caring about me " , " being able 2 hold u and kiss u has just been the best feeling " and " u r my first true love " .
The girl 's statement , presented at a hearing in May , said the man was not her teacher , but his contact with her soon showed favouritism .
Their text messages became romantic , she said .
They then started meeting outside of school , and their text messages became sexual .
The teacher told the pupil to deny their relationship , and lie about who was contacting her .
He gave her gifts and letters and refused to talk to her if she did not do as he asked .
The tribunal said the pupil 's evidence was " distressingly familiar " .
" The respondent took advantage of his position as a teacher to ingratiate himself with a young student and ... there was a significant amount of manipulative behaviour on his part . "
Gaeline Phipps , the girl 's lawyer , said the teacher 's behaviour suggested he was grooming her .
The tribunal agreed .
At the " very last minute " the man admitted his misconduct , although he disputed some facts .
He was ordered to pay the girl $ 3000 .
The Westboro Baptist Church currently holds the title of most insane thing purporting to be a Christian church in America , but could a small congregation of horribly misguided Christians in central Florida soon be taking their place ?
The Dove World Outreach Center in Gainesville is hosting " International Burn a Koran Day " on the 9th anniversary of September 11th .
This , of course , will come a little more than a month after their " No Homo Mayor " protest .
The Church and its senior pastor Terry Jones says that Islam is " a violent and oppressive religion that is trying to mascarade itself as a religion of peace , seeking to deceive our society . "
Of course , it 's widely known that all non-violent , non-oppressive religions celebrate peace by burning the holy books of other churches .
The church has set up a Facebook page for the group , which for some reason has already attracted a number of comments posting anti-semitic images .
While Jones mainly seems to be set on hating on Muslim , he occasionally finds time to hate gays too .
Gainesville recently elected openly gay politician Craig Lowe as Mayor , and of course Dove World campaigned hard against him .
On his inauguration day they 'll be hosting a " No Homo Mayor " protest at city hall .
As for the Koran burning , we just have to wonder if Sarah Palin will ask peace - seeking Christians to " refudiate " the protest , as it's unnecessary provocation that stabs hearts .
[ This review from the Monitor 's archives originally ran on Nov. 10 , 1982 . ]
The prolific and versatile Australian novelist continues to prove himself one of the least predictable , most interesting of contemporary writers .
A series of fictional explorations of his troubled homeland culminated in that strident vision of racial oppression and its consequences '' The Chant of Jimmie Blacksmith '' ( 1972 ) .
Since then , Keneally has ranged amazingly far afield , exploring the intricacies of human adversity undergone in such disparate theaters of operation as France during World War I ( '' Gossip From the Forest , '' 1976 ) , the American South torn by our own Civil War ( '' Confederates , '' 1980 ) , and the womb as observed by a sensitive fetus reluctantly about to enter the world ( '' Passenger , '' 1979 ) .
It seems that Keneally 's great subject is the tension between dramatic experiences or events and the ' ' ordinary ' ' people fortunate or unfortunate enough to live through them .
That pattern shows itself again in Schindler 's List , a ' ' nonfiction novel ' ' based on the life of Oscar Schindler , a German industrialist who , while closely allied with the Nazi high command throughout World War II years , operated factories in Poland and Czechoslovakia .
For these factories he reclaimed '' industrial prisoners , '' eventually releasing them to safety .
Over 1,300
Jews were rescued from the death camps due to the efforts of this highly unlikely '' saviour ' ' - who , after his passing in 1974 , was buried in Jerusalem and was designated a ' ' righteous person ' ' by the state of Israel .
Keneally 's narrative weaves testimony from survivors who remember Schindler together with meticulous accounts of the deceptions he practiced on the SS ( Nazi special police ) officials whom he wined and dined .
'' His . . . day was spent speaking to bureaucrats , his evenings in buttering them up , '' Keneally observes .
A large part of the book comprises a manual showing how the Nazi system worked , and how Schindler manipulated and circumvented it .
He was frequently arrested on suspicion of treasonable activity , but always managed to talk his way to freedom .
He was capable of ingenious strategems , such as the argument that young children were correctly included on his '' list ' ' of those to be saved as '' skilled munitions workers . ''
'' They polish the forty - five millimeter shells , . . . .
They were selected for their long fingers , which can reach the interior of the shell . . . , '' Schindler insisted .
In addition to this nearly documentary quality , the story 's realistic feel is further qualified by Keneally 's direct addresses to the reader , confiding to us his difficulties in rendering Schindler 's personality credibly as fictionalized narrative .
The unfortunate effect of this device is to heighten our confusion about the man Oscar Schindler - at times the playboy - dilettante ( continuously involved in adulterous love affairs ) , at others the venerated object of '' Schindler 's Jews ' ' ( '' He was our father , he was our mother , he was our only faith .
He never let us down , '' is how one described him ) .
This tension ought to bring the character to complex , arresting life ; it does n't , because the novel 's narrative voice distances us from him so : Schindler never becomes more than a formally conceived and presented enigma .
It is necessary , then , to conclude that '' Schindler 's List ' ' is not one of Thomas Keneally 's better books .
Nevertheless , as an act of homage to a man we must n't be allowed to forget , the book does its job movingly and well .
Sea Surface Temperatures ( SSTs ) measured by the AMSR - E instrument on NASA ’s Aqua satellite continue the fall which began several months ago .
The following plot , updated through yesterday ( July 29 , 2010 ) shows that the cooling in the Nino34 region in the tropical east Pacific continue to be well ahead of the cooling in the global average SST , something we did not see during the 2007 - 08 La Nina event ( click on it for the large , undistorted version ; note the global SST values have been multiplied by 10 ) :
Blogger , Wordpress and Typepad ruled the blogging roost for years , but a combination of Twitter , social networking and the rise of lite blogging have been eating away at long - form blog platforms .
Twitter has played a significant role in the demise of ' full ' blogging , not because it replaced the medium but more that it claimed people 's web time and pushed the focus of web publishing towards real time .
Facebook , too , is a famous online time sink .
But sites like Posterous and Tumblr have refined blogging by streamlining the posting process , stripping out many of the bulky features and offering slicker , more real - time features and designs .
The latest feature to be rolled out from Posterous could be really bad news for the old guard ; a Wordpress blog importer due to launch tomorrow .
It will grab blog posts , comments and tags , and stuff them into a Posterous account .
And if , like me , you 've had a Wordpress blog for years , that 's a lot of content - which is why it could take several hours .
What 's the attraction ?
A less bloated back end ( there 's pills for that ) without multiple features you never use .
An end to the barrage of spam comments that plague Wordpress - Posterous is free of those , for now .
And a service designed to be so email - post friendly that you never even need to login at your desktop ; I post everything to my trial Posterous blog from my phone .
Photos , videos , text docs , even spreadsheets - if you can email it , you can blog it from your phone .
I 'm converted .
On the down side , some of the photo and particularly video compression quality can be poor , and you need to learn tweaks like adding ' # end ' before your email signature so your posts are formatted cleanly .
But in terms of time efficiency , it 's a big improvement .
Here 's uber - blogger Phil Campbell explaining why he switched :
Posterous explain it like this :
From tomorrow , go to posterous.com / switch / wordpress and add your Wordpress URL and logins , and the site will grab your content and load it onto a new Posterous blog .
You can merge those with an existing Posterous blog and host that under your own domain .
Says Posterous : " After a few months of adding features like standalone pages , better photo management tools , SEO improvements , autopost upgrades ( you can now autopost to 25 + different sites ) , we feel we have the best platform and want to remove all barriers to trial - and re-trial by folks who just thought we were a micro blog . "
This is part of an aggressive campaign by Posterous to add import tools for 15 services in 15 days , which wo n't exactly make them any friends .
But getting backs up is a good sign that they are doing something right .
Groups representing sex workers around the country are calling for anti-discrimination laws to protect them .
The head of the Scarlet Alliance , Janelle Fawkes , says there are laws protecting sex workers in place in Queensland , Tasmania and the ACT , but they are lacking in the other states and territories .
She says today , being marked by sex workers as International Whores Day , is about creating awareness within the community of discrimination .
" Currently levels of discrimination against sex workers are unacceptably high , " she said .
" From prices to advertise in newspapers , through to getting bank loans , being affected in custody battles because of our sex work experience being used against us . "
A form of synaesthesia in which people experience letters or numbers in colour may be trainable .
The discovery could shed new light on how such traits develop .
Synaesthesia is thought to have a genetic component , but some people have reported synaesthetic experiences following hypnosis , so Olympia Colizoli at the University of Amsterdam in the Netherlands , and colleagues , wondered if it might also be possible to acquire synaesthesia through training .
To test the idea , they gave seven volunteers a novel to read in which certain letters were always written in red , green , blue or orange ( see picture ) .
Before and after reading the book , the volunteers took a “ synaesthetic crowding ” test , in which they identified the middle letter of a grid of black letters which were quickly flashed onto a screen .
Synaesthetes perform better on the test when a letter they experience in colour is the target letter .
Advertisement
The volunteers performed significantly better on this test after training compared with people who read the novel in black and white .
The findings suggest that natural synaesthesia may develop as a result of childhood experiences as well as genetics , says Colizoli , who presented the findings at the Forum of European Neuroscience in Amsterdam last week .
Introduction
Noam Chomsky
In Juan Pablo Ordoñez , No Human Being Is Disposable , Columbia Human Rights Committee , Washington DC , 1995
Two facts about Colombia are crucial to bear in mind .
The first is that Colombia has a horrendous human rights record , the worst in the hemisphere – not an easy prize to win .
Political killings are variously estimated at 5 to 10 a day , mostly by the state security forces or their paramilitary associates .
The second fact is that Colombia receives about half of U.S. military aid for the hemisphere , increasing under President Clinton , who turned to emergency overdrawing facilities when the Pentagon budget did not allow the increase .
State terror in Colombia has been appalling through the ’ 80s , becoming even worse under the most recent ex-president , Cesar Gaviria .
He has been a special favorite of the United States , so admired that the Clinton Administration rammed him through as Secretary General of the OAS , in a power play that was much resented in the hemisphere .
Washington praised him particularly for his steps towards “ building democratic institutions in a country where it was sometimes dangerous to do so . ”
That it is dangerous to enter the public arena in Colombia is not in doubt .
Thousands of members of the one real opposition party – the two that share political power have been aptly designated by a former President as “ two horses [ with ] the same owner ” – could easily testify to the dangers , had they not been murdered , including presidential candidates , mayors , and many activists .
President Gaviria helped substantially to maintain and expand these dangers .
No patterns are broken by the fact that the hemisphere ’s leading human rights violator is the prime recipient of military aid and other support , or that the fact passes without notice .
That ’s par for the course .
An important study of the topic was published in 1981 by the leading academic specialist on human rights in Latin America , Lars Schoultz .
He investigated U.S. foreign aid and torture in Latin America , and found that they correlated closely .
As he put it , U.S. aid “ has tended to flow disproportionately to Latin American governments which torture their citizens , . . . to the hemisphere ’s relatively egregious violators of fundamental human rights . ”
This continued right through the Carter years , including military aid uncorrelated with need .
These facts might lead a superficial observer to conclude that the U.S. government just likes torture .
But causal connection ca n’t be deduced from a correlation ; we have to look further .
This was done in a broader study carried out at the same time by an economist at the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania , Edward Herman , published in a book we co-authored in 1979 .
Herman studied the relation between torture and foreign aid worldwide , finding that the same correlation held : states that engage in torture are more likely to receive U.S. aid .
But Herman also did a second study which offers a plausible explanation for the correlation .
He compared U.S. aid with the climate for business operations , finding that the two were closely correlated .
That makes sense .
Foreign aid , after all , is largely a device whereby the U.S. taxpayer subsidizes U.S. corporations via some other country , which may incidentally gain from the process .
Resorting to this device increasingly as opportunities for profit improve is completely natural , given the sources of policy - making .
Why then should there be a correlation between U.S. aid and torture ?
That becomes clear when we ask how the climate for business operations is improved .
The answer is straightforward and well known : by torturing union leaders and human rights activists , murdering priests who are trying to organize peasants , and so on .
Putting all this together , we find a derivative correlation between U.S. aid and torture .
The proper conclusion then , is not that U.S. leaders enjoy torture ; rather , it is a matter of indifference .
What they care about is profits for U.S. investors , which just happen to be correlated with torture .
Hence torture is rewarded , indirectly .
The phenomenon is global , and understandable .
The case of Colombia sharpens the conclusion .
A fine way to maintain a favorable investment climate is to create a society with formal democracy , but equipped with devices to ensure that it does n’t function to impede what really matters : enriching the wealthy .
Under those conditions aid can flow freely and profits are not reduced by such interferences with the market as unions and human rights .
The Latin American Bureau in Britain once described Colombia as a “ democracy without people , ” which is pretty much accurate .
Such a “ democra - tatorship , ” to borrow the term coined by Eduardo Galeano for Colombia , will naturally resort to torture , killing , “ social cleansing , ” and other such procedures , so as to maintain an economic system in which half the children are hungry while the few live in luxury , along with foreign investors .
That is what security forces are for .
And it is the prime reason for military aid from the great power that has “ assumed , out of self - interest , responsibility for the welfare of the world capitalist system , ” in the words of diplomatic historian Gerald Haines , senior historian of the CIA , discussing the U.S. takeover of Brazil in 1945 .
The application of the general principles of world order to Colombia was explained lucidly by the president of the Colombian Permanent Committee on Human Rights , Alfredo Vasquez Carrizosa .
He observed that Colombia has been progressing towards democracy not only since President Gaviria took over but since 1886 , when its Constitution granted a wide range of rights , also instituting a state of siege that has persisted with little change so that “ behind the facade of a constitutional regime we have a militarized society , ” with immense suffering and injustice .
It ’s not that Colombia is an impoverished society .
It has enormous material resources , and might have undergone significant industrialization if the ruling business classes had not been so committed to free market policies .
One of the small secrets about economic development , well known to economic historians , is that such policies impede development .
Part of the reason why today ’s First and Third Worlds have diverged so radically since the 18th century is that the First World followed policies of protectionism and other state intervention , the U.S. often leading the way , while the Third World was subjected to market discipline , which was rammed down their throats .
What possibilities there might have been for an industrial revolution in Colombia were aborted by its adherence to the rules taught by the IMF , the World Bank , and much of the academic profession .
The result is that Colombia is a rich country , but a very poor one for most of the population .
Land is a big problem , not because it is in short supply , but because it ’s owned by a tiny number of people .
Land reform legislation has been on the books since 1961 , but it is n’t implemented .
The reason is that the country is run by the landowners and the army , which works for them and which is paid for by U.S. taxpayers .
The current system was pretty well established by the Kennedy Administration , which in 1962 made a decision of immense significance for the hemisphere it controlled .
It changed the mission of the Latin American military from hemispheric defense , a residue of World War II , to “ internal security ” – a code word that means : war against the population .
The shift was implemented in planning , training , and material .
It set off a plague of repression throughout the hemisphere beyond anything in its very bloody history .
Some years later , the official in charge of counterinsurgency for the Kennedy and the early Johnson Administrations , Charles Maechling , described what happened clearly enough : the 1962 decision led to a change from toleration “ of the rapacity and cruelty of the Latin American military ” to “ direct complicity ” in “ the methods of Heinrich Himmler ’s extermination squads . ”
The latter reference is appropriate .
In his book Instruments of Statecraft , Michael McClintock describes how after World War II , Nazi specialists in counterinsurgency were brought to the United States to help develop the postwar manuals for training in counterinsurgency , modeled on the methods used by the Nazis to suppress the resistance .
Maechling ’s reference to the neo - Nazi states , established throughout the hemisphere with the support of the Kennedy Administration and its successors , is more than metaphor .
The Kennedy intellectuals grasped the issues in their own ways .
In internal communications in 1965 , Defense Secretary Robert McNamara pointed out to National Security Advisor McGeorge Bundy that U.S. military training had provided Latin American officers with “ the understanding of , and orientation toward , U.S. objectives . ”
That is important , he explained , because “ in the Latin American cultural environment ” it is recognized that the military must be prepared “ to remove government leaders from office , whenever , in the judgment of the military , the conduct of these leaders is injurious to the welfare of the nation . ”
He did n’t say which nation he had in mind , but since they have the proper “ understanding of and orientation toward U.S. objectives , ” I guess it really does n’t matter .
McNamara was doubtless thinking of the event described by Kennedy ’s Ambassador Lincoln Gordon as “ the single most decisive victory of freedom in the mid-twentieth century , ” “ a great victory for the free world ” which should “ create a greatly improved climate for private investment . ”
Gordon was referring to the military coup in Brazil which overthrew the parliamentary regime and instituted the first of the neo -Nazi national security states of Latin America , with a domino effect that led to similar victories for “ freedom ” over much of the hemisphere .
Displaying their understanding of and orientation toward U.S. objectives , the Brazilian generals instituted an impressive wave of torture , murder , and other state terror .
By these means , they created an “ economic miracle . ”
Brazil became “ the Latin American darling of the business community , ” the business press exulted .
Foreign investors did very nicely , as did a small sector of Brazilian society , some living in extraordinary luxury while much of the population was sinking to the conditions of Central Africa .
That ’s virtually the definition of the technical term “ economic miracle , ” as you discover if you look around the world , including Mexico , lauded as “ an economic miracle ” until December 19 , 1994 , when the bubble burst and the U.S. taxpayer was called on , as usual , to protect the rich from market discipline .
The effects of the new policy guidelines extended to Colombia .
In the 1960s , Vasquez Carrizosa continues , violence was “ exacerbated by external factors ” as the Kennedy Administration “ took great pains to transform [ Latin American ] regular armies into counterinsurgency brigades , accepting the new strategy of the death squads , ” and thus “ ushered in what is known in Latin America as the National Security Doctrine , . . . not defense against an external enemy , but a way to make the military establishment the masters of the game . . . [ with ] the right to combat the internal enemy , as set forth in the Brazilian doctrine , the Argentine doctrine , the Uruguayan doctrine , and the Colombian doctrine : it is the right to fight and to exterminate social workers , trade unionists , men and women who are not supportive of the establishment , and who are assumed to be communist extremists . ”
The military is able to carry out these tasks once they have gained a proper “ understanding of and orientation towards ” U.S. objectives , thanks to the training paid for by U.S. tax dollars along with the arms to do the job .
The Colombian Minister of Defense explained that the official apparatus of terror is designed for “ total war in the political , economic , and social arenas . ”
Officially the targets are guerrilla organizations .
But as a high military official explained in 1987 , these are of minor importance : “ the real danger ” is “ what the insurgents have called the political and psychological war , ” the war “ to control the popular elements ” and “ to manipulate the masses . ”
The “ subversives ” hope to influence unions , universities , media , and so on .
Therefore , “ every individual who in one or another manner supports the goals of the enemy must be considered a traitor and treated in that manner . ”
The last is a quote from a 1963 military manual provided under the guidance of the Kennedy instructors and the Nazi advisors .
As I write this , the current edition of The New York Times [ 13 march 1995 ] provides a rare window on the official doctrine , referring to Argentina in the late 1970s .
It reports the remorse of a naval officer over his participation in torture , drugging , and throwing people out of airplanes – the “ Argentine doctrine ” that proceeded with U.S. support , which is placed in the shadow in today ’s news item .
Perhaps in 20 years we ’ll learn something about the “ Colombian Doctrine ” that is being implemented today .
We can learn something right now if we like , even from official sources , which recently provided a unique window into how they operate : the report of a commission set up by the Colombian Government to investigate the Trujillo massacre of March 1990 .
It gives a graphic account of the “ Colombian Doctrine , ” which is to say , U.S. doctrine .
This 186 - page report documents one atrocity , which by miraculous accident was investigated .
The commission included members of the Colombian government , army , and police .
It was established under pressure from the OAS ( Organization of American States ) and others .
Its account is very much like what everyone can read in shocking detail in the regular reports of Amnesty International , Human Rights Watch / Americas , and other inquiries that are constantly appearing but almost never reported .
After entering the region where the village is located , the Armed Forces and National Police compelled someone to state under torture that he had been associated with the guerrillas and to provide names .
Then , the report says , “ the horror began . ”
People were “ dragged out of their homes , tied up and taken to the luxurious hacienda ” of a “ well - known drug trafficker ” and “ shut into a fertilizer shed . ”
Just after 7AM , the officer in charge , Major Urueña , arrived with an associate .
“ First , they had breakfast .
Then , the Major and several members of the armed group went into the shed and demanded each person ’s identification papers and belongings . ”
The people were then taken blindfolded , one by one , for interrogation , beginning with a 59 - year - old woman .
“ A coffee sack was tied over the head of each victim and he was thrown onto the ground .
Then Major Urueña took a water hose , turned it full force on the face of each victim – the mouth and nose – and began to interrogate them .
When he finished , the victims were piled one on top of the other , and someone called for the blowtorch and the chain saw .
Each victim was decapitated , cut into pieces with the chain saw and left to bleed .
The heads and torsos were put into different sacks , and , later that night , loaded into a blue 1956 Ford truck , driven down to the Cauca river , and dumped into the water . ”
A month later , the headless body of Trujillo ’s parish priest was “ fished out of the river , ” the 27th victim .
By then , one of the participants , a civilian auxiliary to Major Urueña , had fled and reported what had happened to the Colombian judicial authorities .
He was later “ disappeared , ” and has not been heard from since .
The authorities dismissed his charges , acquitting everyone implicated .
The atrocities continued .
The story was reported by the Jesuit - based human rights group Justice and Peace ( Justicia y Paz ) .
Its director , Father Javier Giraldo , was able to interest the Human Rights Commission of the OAS , leading finally to this report .
It concludes that the Colombian Army and police officers were directly responsible for the massacre and that the government and justice system were to blame for covering it up , specifically implicating Major Urueña .
The Commission recommended criminal investigations , but expressed its “ pessimism ” that the pattern of impunity can be breached , and records the strong opposition of the Colombian government members to the “ exploration ” of international legal mechanisms , consistent with the norms of the “ democra- tatorship ” that is successfully “ building democratic institutions in a country where it was sometimes dangerous to do so . ”
Justice and Peace reports over 350 other massacres since Trujillo , none of them investigated .
This one exception , they point out , “ gives insight into the moral fiber of former Colombian President Cesar Gaviria – now Secretary General of the O.A.S , who for four years turned a deaf ear ” to requests for investigation of the massacre carried out during his term in office .
And also into “ the values and principles ” of the army – but more important for us in the U.S. , the values and principles of those who train and arm and instruct the army , along with others that follow similar doctrines .
To his credit , the new President , Ernesto Samper , on receiving the report accepted Colombian government responsibility – a historic first , I think .
Urueña , who had been rewarded by promotion to Colonel , was removed from active service ; that ’s his punishment .
The army “ rallied around the Colonel , ” Justice and Peace reports , and its commander dismissed the Commission ’s findings as “ a farce . ”
The report was presented to the OAS on February 7th with an agreement that in six months , Colombia must respond .
The Justice and Peace report ends by saying : “ The country is waiting . ”
How long it waits depends in large measure on what we do in the United States .
That ’s the one case that the government officially concedes .
Years after the events , the governments of Brazil and Argentina are conceding some of what happened after the historic 1962 change – not Chile , where the army is still granted impunity and substantial control .
It ’s good to learn how U.S. tax money is spent in the “ Latin American cultural environment . ”
Possibly some day there ’ll be questions raised here about the “ North American cultural environment , ” but we ’ll wait a long time for that unless we do something about it , while plenty of people continue to suffer .
Atrocities in the region reached their peak during the Reagan years .
That ’s why the studies I mentioned about torture and aid have not been duplicated since 1980 .
No one bothers to prove that 2 and 2 is 4 .
And it ’s still going on , the worst human rights violator in the hemisphere being rewarded by the largest grant of U.S. military aid .
The 1980s saw “ the consolidation of state terror in Colombia , ” a European - Latin American inquiry into State Terror concludes .
Training of Colombian officers increased along with terror .
In the 1980s Colombia benefited from the largest U.S. training program , with three times as many officers trained as El Salvador – which was n’t too pretty either .
They have also had Israeli , German , and British instructors , who train not only the army but also assassins and paramilitary forces linked to the drug cartels .
Colombian intelligence ( DAS ) reports further that “ North American instructors ” – that means U.S. instructors – have been “ detected ” at these training camps .
This 1988 report has yet to be published here in the mainstream , as far as I know , and if it ’s been followed up , I have n’t heard about it .
I wo n’t say any more about the hideous record of state terror , easily accessible to anyone interested .
The pretext for U.S. support for these atrocities is the drug war , which became a national obsession when it was launched by George Bush in September 1989 ; re-launched , one should say , since this is a regular event .
A month before , the largest shipment of arms ever authorized under the emergency provisions of the Foreign Assistance Act was sent to the Colombian army , setting the stage , William Hartung reports , “ for sending more U.S. weaponry to Colombia than it had received in the entire decade of the 1980s , ” which was plenty .
They were sent to the army – helicopters , planes , and so on , useless for the drug war , as was pointed out at the time .
About 90 - 95 % of counter - narcotic operations are conducted by the National Police , but not with bombers and helicopters .
These have other uses .
Human rights groups soon reported bombings of villages , massacres , and other atrocities .
The effects of the arms shipments might well have been to strengthen the links between the security forces and narcotraffickers , and the land owning classes associated with them .
Colombia gets arms from other countries too , though in part that is a cover for U.S. arms shipments .
Israel , in particular , is one of the funnels through which the United States sends arms to favored clients .
Recall that the U.S. alone provides half of all its military aid in Latin America to Colombia .
When we add the indirect aid it provides through its clients , and the contributions of other members of Washington ’s international terror network ( including Britain , Germany , Taiwan , Israel , and so on ) , the aid to Colombia is quite substantial .
There ’s a lot of talk right now about the Omnibus Anti-Terrorism Bill , with an odd omission : the center of international terrorism , where the bill is being debated .
Apart from its role in maintaining the “ democra - tatorship ” and favorable investment climate , sale of arms to Colombia serves other needs .
One of the leading monitors of international arms sales , William Hartung , points out in a recent book that the addiction to arms sales to the Third World is considerably more serious than drug addiction .
The U.S. now has close to three - quarters of this market , making the term “ addiction ” more than appropriate .
This is one of the ways to keep the Pentagon at approximately Cold War levels .
True , the “ Soviet threat ” has substantially reduced , but without lessening the threat to our security , which the government now sees in “ the technological sophistication of Third - World powers . ”
For that threat to justify a big Pentagon budget , we have to make sure to send advanced armaments to the Third World .
Otherwise , where will they obtain the technological sophistication that we have to find ways to protect ourselves from ?
This is all explicit and frank in military journals and business propaganda .
Thus you can read in Jane 's Defense Weekly , the major international military journal , that U.S. tax dollars are now going to pay Lockheed - Martin to upgrade F - 16s for sale to Third World countries with loans from the Export - Import Bank , a further gift from U.S. taxpayers .
And plainly taxpayers now have to fund the corporation to produce F - 22 advanced fighters to defend us from the upgraded F - 16s that we ’re sending to potential enemies .
The corporate headquarters happens to be in Cobb County Georgia , represented in Congress by a gentleman named Newt Gingrich , who has been able to bring home more federal subsidies than any suburban county in the country outside of Arlington Virginia ( part of the federal government ) and the Florida home of the Kennedy Space Center ( another part ) .
The arms sale addiction is only a small piece of a much larger one , on which the economy heavily depends .
Military spending has generally long served as a cover for distributing public funds to advanced industry , military or not .
Sale of arms to Colombia helps marginally here too – another factor that contributes to the correlation between military aid and torture .
Let ’s turn finally to the drug war , the pretext for all of this .
Colombia became a major producer of cocaine in the late 1970s .
Why ?
In fact , why do peasants in Latin America even bother to produce coca , apart from their own use , as they ’ve done forever ?
The reasons are rooted in the social and economic policies imposed on the Third World .
The rules dictate that they have to stop producing for their own needs , and turn export .
And unlike the rich Western countries , they have to open their markets , specifically , to subsidized U.S. agricultural exports , which undermine domestic production .
The local farmers are to become “ rational producers ” in accord with the precepts of modern economics , producing crops for export .
And being rational , as they are , they turn to the crops that make the most money .
Accordingly , coca production has just shot out of sight , helping to undergird “ economic miracles . ”
Jeffrey Sachs of Harvard , who has more recently been plying his trade in Poland and Russia , won his fame by setting things in order in Bolivia in 1985 .
Bolivia was in real trouble , but he instructed them in the proper free - market theory , and pretty soon all was fine , with good macro-economic statistics , and so on .
There were also some side effects .
One was that the “ miracle ” was relying very heavily on coca exports .
Much the same is true in Peru .
Similar reasons lie behind Colombia ’s turn towards narcotrafficking .
There were others as well .
In 1988 , the U.S. compelled coffee producers to break an agreement that had kept prices at some reasonable level .
The price of coffee , Colombia ’s main export crop , fell 40 % .
When coffee prices collapse and half the children are already starving , people are likely to turn to where there are opportunities , thanks to the North American drug market .
One major impetus for the huge increase in the flow of drugs is the free - market policies imposed on the Third World .
A second reason , somewhat narrower , has to do with U.S. drug policies .
Their design has driven people from relatively harmless marijuana to hard drugs like cocaine , in ever more lethal form .
Colombia shifted from producing marijuana to far more profitable and easily transportable cocaine .
Another question that arises about the drug traffic has to do with its scale .
A recent study by the OECD – the organization of the rich countries – estimates profits from the international drug traffic at almost half a trillion dollars a year , of which over half circulates through the U.S. financial system .
That suggests a way to deal with the drug problem : look at the place that is handling more than half the profits , U.S. financial institutions .
What about Colombia ?
According to the OECD report , it receives about six billion dollars , which is 2 to 3 % of what remains in the United States .
“ The big business is therefore in that country , ” the United States .
I ’m quoting from a review of the study by a member of the Andean Commission of Jurists and the Latin American Association of Human Rights , published by the leading newspaper in Mexico , Excelsior , which published the report of the OECD study that tells us where the drug business is really going on .
What about the banks that are handling over 56 % of the immense profits generated by narcotrafficking , according to the OECD ?
That ’s presumably illegal .
In 1979 the government launched Operation Greenback , targeting banks that were handling drug money , which is apparently not too difficult to monitor .
Huge sums of money were suddenly coming into Miami banks just as the cocaine racket was picking up steam , so the Justice Department went into action .
But not for long .
The operation was called off in 1982 by the drug czar of the Reagan Administration , vice - President George Bush .
We therefore lack any further information about the estimated $ 260 billion a year of drug money that flows through the U.S. financial system .
Other places are easier to investigate , like Panama .
Recall that right after the drug war was announced again with huge fanfare by then - President Bush , the U.S. invaded Panama to protect us from the evil Hispanic narcotraffickers led by the arch - fiend Noriega .
The invasion placed back in power the European elite of bankers and narcotraffickers .
The new Attorney General and Treasury Minister , for example , had been directors of the First Inter - Americas Bank , which had been closed by Noriega because it was implicated in drug trafficking .
President Endara , installed by the U.S. Army , along with his law firm , were also involved in the racket , it was reported .
Since the invasion , Panama has grown as a narcotrafficking center , with perhaps twice as many narcotics flowing through as before .
One part of the drug racket is banking ; another is the chemical industry .
In 1989 , in the six months preceding the announcement of the drug war the Colombian police found 1.5 million gallons of chemicals used for cocaine production , many of them with U.S. corporate logos on them .
The CIA had reported that U.S. exports of such chemicals to Latin America far exceed any legal uses , while the Congressional Research Service concluded that more than 90 % of the chemicals used for drug production come from the United States .
So that suggests another way to deal with the narcotrafficking problem , if the war against drugs is a war against drugs , not something else .
Any discussion of substance abuse is seriously distorted if it avoids the leading killer , tobacco .
The former head of the U.S. Office of Drug Abuse Policy , Dr. Peter Bourne , pointed out that the number of Colombians who die every year from substances produced in the United States far exceeds the number of North Americans who die from cocaine .
The same is true here .
Furthermore , unlike tobacco , cocaine is not subsidized by the U.S. government , except for the support we provide to the military who are involved in the racket , and is n’t publicly advertised .
There ’s no cocaine counterpart to the Marlboro Man .
And Colombia does not strong - arm the U.S. into permitting aggressive advertising and distribution of cocaine , imitating Washington ’s behavior in Asia in support of its favored lethal substance .
That is a major story in itself , which adds needed perspective to the narcotrafficking discussion , but I wo n’t go into it here .
What about President Gaviria , Washington ’s good friend ?
Under his rule , the human rights record got even worse , but he did destroy one of the two big cartels , the Medellin cartel – handing its business over to its main competitor , the Cali cartel .
The same Justice and Peace group published a report on this recently .
According to their account , the two cartels were different in nature .
The Medellin Cartel had lower class origins .
Pablo Escobar , who ran it , was from the slums , and many of those involved were peasants or lower middle class , or workers who ’d entered the rackets .
And apparently the Medellin Cartel , though very brutal , had a populist character , like some city bosses and mafia elements .
They had gained popular support by building sports fields , helping poor people in need , and so on .
The Cali cartel , in contrast , is strictly business , like the banks and chemical corporations .
With the elimination of its Medellin rival , it now controls most of the drug trade in Colombia , according to the report .
The U.S. has tried to help now and then .
In the 1980s , when the cocaine traffic was building up , the government of Colombia approached the United States for assistance in building a radar station to detect low - flying planes coming in from the main coca producing regions .
The Reagan Administration was very enthusiastic about this idea , and did in fact construct a radar station for Colombia .
The station was built on San Andres Island , which is as far as you can get on Colombian territory from the routes of the drug planes , but is off the coast of Nicaragua and therefore could be used to assist in Washington ’s terrorist war against Nicaragua .
In the same years , Costa Rica approached Washington with a similar request , and again help was offered .
Costa Rica , however , turned to British experts for advice and analysis , and was informed that the station that the U.S. was planning to build would serve no drug purpose , but would be useful for aerial surveillance of Nicaragua .
It could therefore help guide the U.S. - trained terrorists to attack “ soft targets ” like health clinics and agricultural cooperatives .
Costa Rica did n’t go along with the proposal , and this story too fell through the cracks .
The drug war serves several purposes .
In part , it is a cover for counterinsurgency and sustaining the “ democra - tatorship . ”
It also makes a small contribution to the arms production addiction .
And it provides valuable mechanisms for locking up the superfluous population at home , an important matter as a major effort is underway to turn the United States itself into a society with striking Third World characteristics .
Here , we do n’t ( yet ) carry out social cleansing by the security forces , so other means are needed for dealing with people lacking human rights because they do not contribute to profit - making .
Locking them up makes sense , also providing a Keynesian stimulus to the economy .
For that , the drug war is ideal , and it is used substantially for that purpose .
A large part of the jail population is there for victimless crimes , which are carefully crafted .
Take cocaine .
The drug of choice in the ghettos is crack , and penalties for possession are very harsh ; the drug of choice in the rich white suburbs is powder , with much lower penalties – typical class - based legislation .
All of this explains a good part of what the drug war is about , and also why the U.S. prison rate is zooming beyond any developed country , and expected to continue to rise .
The drug war is also useful for frightening the population .
When social policies are designed to harm the large majority , the intended victims have to be kept from seeing what ’s happening to them .
There are a few classic methods .
One is to get them to fear one another .
The drug war probably has that effect .
It ’s hard to test the impact on the general population , but it is easier to see how it affects articulate intellectuals .
For an example , a recent issue of the Harvard Magazine , the journal that goes to alumni , has a cover story on someone who has developed new leadership techniques that are considered quite sensational .
They ’re teaching them in business schools , and so on .
He gives examples of how these techniques work , and how they can improve leadership .
The main example he gives is George Bush ’s announcement of the drug war .
Bush made a mistake , he says , not following these new methods .
He describes how Bush came into office at a time when great fear and concern about drugs was spreading all over the country , so he reacted by declaring the war on drugs and going after Noriega to try to stop narcotrafficking .
But it did n’t work , because those are not the right leadership techniques .
The only problem with this analysis of improper and proper leadership is that concern about drugs was very low when Bush entered office , and remained so until the drug war was announced .
There was plenty of concern about the budget , jobs , and other matters , but drugs were very low on the list .
When Bush announced the drug war and the media went into operation with a really massive propaganda offensive , the polls showed a dramatic change .
Drugs became a major concern as the result of highly effective propaganda , following the leader .
At least among intellectuals , the right message may well have been established , one that ’s the opposite of the facts .
Not an untypical feature of the intellectual culture , I should say .
One last comment : Colombia ’s tragedy , and that is what it is , has indigenous roots .
For us in the U.S. , the external causes are the ones of greatest importance , because these we can influence .
But the sources are internal as well .
This century opened with a civil war in Colombia in which perhaps a hundred thousand people were killed .
A populist leader was murdered in 1948 , and shortly after , power fell into the hands of the first formal fascist to take power after the Second World War , a supporter of Franco , who received U.S. backing .
These events were followed by a huge upsurge of violence in which hundreds of thousands of people were killed .
The U.S. role really begins in a major way with the Kennedy Administration as part of its general plans for Latin America , and has been highly significant since .
There also are complex links to our own society , which merit thought as well .
The basic point was made more clearly and effectively than I can express it in a letter I received recently from a friend who is a leading Colombian human rights activist , Cecilia Zarate - Laun .
I ’ll just quote from her letter , hoping that she wo n’t mind ; this was n’t prepared for publication , just a casual letter .
She is discussing a meeting of the Women ’s International League for Peace and Freedom , one of the few groups in the world that actually does something for poor and suffering people .
It has an American branch , which just came out with a document called “ The Women ’s Peace and Justice Treaty of the Americas ” – an excellent statement , in my opinion , well worth reading and implementing .
I do n’t expect to see a front - page article about it soon , but you can obtain it , and I ’d advise doing so .
She writes : “ I firmly believe that everything is interrelated , since the real culprit is the economic system , and it is very important that the American people start connecting issues abroad with their own reality , starting with its foreign policy , since things do not happen in a vacuum .
I will use an example to make my point : the drug issue .
The children of poor women , who in Colombia have no opportunities because the society has abandoned them , and are forced to be hitmen or to work in the cocaine laboratories to make cocaine , or that are recruited to be members of a death squad team – they are in the same situation as the children of poor women in the United States who are forced to sell cocaine on the corners of the streets , or to be lookouts for the salesmen , and so on , and for the same reasons .
The only difference is that the ones speak Spanish and the others speak English .
The tragedy is the same . ”
I think she ’s right , and the tragedy is being heightened in both countries by deliberate and self - conscious social policy .
Meanwhile we in the United States watch , and so far do nothing .
If that is our choice , it ’s not hard to imagine the prospects .
Share Tweet
Good Afternoon ,
For a little while I have been playing around and using GeekTool , its a unique app in that it displays Terminal output ( from various commands ) onto the desktop .
This seems a bit geeky , but after playing around with it and customising as you see fit , it is a really useful application .
Although the app does need a little bit of fiddling to get working , it can display pretty much anything on your desktop .
Its great for seeing your Mac ’s inner workings and very useful for getting certain information quickly and easily , most of the time there is no better place to put this than on your desktop .
This post is going to show new users how you can get this app up and running and some basic commands to get you on your feet , once you get the hang of how the app works you can spend hours playing and adjusting the settings to get something truly awesome .
Step 1 . Download and Install
The best way to start any tutorial is at the beginning .
To get GeekTool up and running head over to the download page and download the latest version of the software .
Once as the download has finished , install the app by opening the disk image and double clicking the preference pane within the disk image .
This application is not an app in the normal sense that it does n’t have a dock icon etc , it installs itself into the system preferences and runs from there .
Once it is installed open GeekTool from System Preferences .
Step 2 . Add Your Command
Commands on your desktop are called “ Geeklets ” they can take the form of shell commands which include commands that would normally run in Terminal , you can also have images and files that run on your desktop .
To make your first Geeklet drag the shell command from Geektool window onto the desktop .
Then use , in combination with exposé show desktop , move it to a suitable location .
The top left will usually suffice .
When you place the geeklet you will notice a properties window will appear .
This is used to change the properties of that specific Geeklet .
I ’m going to run through it in a slightly different order than top to bottom , because I personally think my method works the best , however it does n’t really matter how you use the properties editor .
Within the editor we have to add a command that will run .
The only command that will work are ones that are not self updating , so Terminal commands such as top , which shows information similar to Activity Monitor will not run .
In this example I am going to use the “ cal ” option to show the calendar .
However as you become more experienced with the app and Terminal commands you can put practically anything in the box .
Therefore select the text box labelled command and type “ cal ” .
After a brief moment a calendar will show up on your Desktop in the place of the Geeklet .
At the bottom your will notice two options , Refresh and Timeout .
Since GeekTool will only accept static commands you set the refresh option to try the command again to get new information .
For commands which will show very static options such as a calendar your can set the refresh option to a long time .
Commands which show your CPU usage ( which I will post later ) you can set to one or two seconds .
If you use commands that pings an internet page or pulls a lot of information you can use the Timeout option to stop it taking too long or using up too many resources .
Remember the more complex the command and the more you refresh it the greater number of system resources you will take up .
Since the command box is a little small , I recommend you develop your Geeklet command within Terminal .
It is a lot quicker to write a command within Terminal than in the command box .
Step 3 . Style Your Geeklet
We now have a small calendar sitting on our Desktop behind our icons .
We can now style it to make it look better .
At the bottom of the preference pane for the Geeklet you will notice some options to style the text and background .
When you click on the button to style the text a window will pop up giving you the options to style the text .
If you want to change the text colour , click on the little green button at the top of this popup window .
If you have n’t used this window button it can be difficult to find .
Have a play around with the text size and colour .
I recommend an transparent background with white text , however adjust it to meet your desktop background and style .
Step 4 . Position Your Geeklet
The final step is to fully position your Geeklet .
The reason I suggest you do this last is due to the style and size of your command .
There is no point in positioning a Geeklet only to have to move it again when you write your command and style it .
Within the properties box add a name and use the text box numbers to position it on screen .
You can move the Geeklet by hand and then use the number boxes to finalise the position .
A quick tip here , if you ever delete a Geeklet by accident , press Command +
Z to get it back .
I ’ve found this more than useful on a number of occasions .
Step 5 . Add More
The last step is to add more Geeklets .
The limit here is really your imagination ( and Terminal coding skills ) .
You can use the image Geeklet to get images from web cams or other sources .
The file Geeklet is very useful if you want to read from a log or a text file .
You can use the extra settings to make sure you get the perfect little desktop icon .
If you are looking for stuff to add to your Desktop you can check out Small Little List of Geek Tool Commands , written by myself a while ago .
Another great tool is Geeklets on MacOSXTips .
These are small little files that contain all of the information needed to run on your desktop .
Anything your can do in Terminal will work with Geektool ( except the self updating commands , of course ) .
My Geeklets
To get the inspiration following below is an image of what I have on my desktop .
I ’m still thinking about adding more , I need to find the time to play around with the commands .
As shown there is a calendar , current disk space , load on my Mac and well as network through put ( from the Geeklet website just mentioned ) .
I also have a liveish image of the international space station found from Heavens Above which is set to update every 30 seconds .
The following commands were used for load and CPU usage .
Although it uses top ( which is self updating command and thus not allowed ) , to actually cuts information out of the top command so it is perfectly OK .
top -l 1 | awk ' / Load/ {print $ 1 " " $ 2 " " $ 3 " " $ 4 " " $ 5} ' ; top -l 1 | awk ' / CPU usage / {print $ 1 " " $ 2 " " $ 3 " " $ 4 " " $ 5 " " $ 6 " " $ 7 " " $ 8} ' ;
Conclusion
There are hundreds of ways to play around with this little program .
I ’ve had it installed over the last couple of days and made many commands and options which i’ve placed on my desktop .
It is limitless for what you can do .
The best way to use this app is to play around with it and query Google any time you have a problem or need something doing .
If you have found some cool Geeklets or commands , please leave a comment below .
Also if you have set up some cool desktops please give a link to an image of what you have done .
In the near future I may have a second post of other cool Geeklet commands , so stay tuned .
In the mean time if you are stuck for commands either search this site , or visit the Terminal categories page , Google is a good resource as well as Mac OS X Unix Toolbox and The Mac OS X Command Line : Unix Under the Hood from Amazon .
If you want to keep up with the latests post from Mac Tricks And Tips I recommend you subscribe to the RSS Feed .
( Newser ) – One person of note disagrees with US prosecutors ' decision to keep going after Roman Polanski — his victim .
" Enough is enough , " Samantha Geimer tells the Los Angeles Times .
" This matter should have been resolved 33 years ago . "
Geimer , who had sex with Polanski as a 13 - year - old in 1977 , says Polanski is n't a threat to anyone .
" At 76 years old ?
I do n't think so . "
Geimer has reached a civil - suit settlement with Polanski and thinks the Swiss decision not to extradite him should end things once and for all .
" People say I have ulterior motives , " she says , referring to the settlement .
" That does n't make it true .
I 've felt this way from the beginning . "
( Read more Samantha Geimer stories . )
Pakistan bans India Osama Bin Laden comedy Published duration 15 July 2010
image caption
The film has a " fake " Bin Laden
Pakistan has banned an Indian comedy called Tere Bin Laden ( Without You Laden ) , about a lookalike of Osama Bin Laden .
The country 's film censor board has objected to the way the movie portrays Bin Laden and warned that it could trigger a " terrorist attack " .
The film was due to have been released in Pakistan on Friday .
Its main distributor told the BBC that an appeal has been filed against Thursday 's decision .
In a statement the film board said that Tere Bin Laden was " unsuitable for public exhibition " .
They said it was a " controversial subject which depicted the character of Osama Bin Laden in a comic way ... and contains vulgar and objectionable dialogue , abuses and derogatory remarks " .
The board said that the film also " portrayed a bad and negative image of law enforcing agencies of the country " .
Touchy subject
Correspondents say that it is not unprecedented for Pakistan to ban films , especially if they are linked to India - Islamabad 's longtime regional arch rival .
But the impact of such censorship is likely to be limited , correspondents say , because DVDs are the most common means of watching movies in the country and pirated ones are easily secured .
The BBC's Syed Shoaib Hasan says that although the announcement of the ban was unexpected , it was not altogether surprising as the country 's government remains touchy on the subject of Bin Laden .
His current whereabouts are unknown , with some US officials maintaining that the world 's most wanted man is hiding in Pakistan .
The main distributor for the film , Nadeem Mandviwala , told the BBC that the the ministry of culture will announce its decision against the appeal on Friday .
" I find it quite disturbing that we cannot portray Osama Bin Laden and the law enforcement agencies , " Mr Mandviwala told the BBC .
" It 's acceptable that we make comedies about the president and prime minister all the time , but not Osama . "
Indian films are popular in Pakistan , though only some make it to the big screens .
Tere Bin Laden is about a struggling Pakistani journalist who tries to sell an interview of a fake Bin Laden as a scoop who wants to move to the US to fulfil his American dream .
When he comes across a person who looks like Osama , he decides to sell his interview as a scoop to the international media , which results in a series of goof - ups .
Rally driver , Road & Track photographer , and Porsche freak extraordinaire Jeff Zwart drove a 911 GT3 Cup road - race car up Pikes Peak last month .
Is oppo-filled , high - res Porsche dirt video proof that Zwart is The Man ?
Yes , yes it is .
Advertisement
The first three - quarters of the video is pavement , and thus not very dramatic .
The last quarter is dirt .
Arm - over - arm opposite lock .
The howly whine of the gearbox .
Zwart being all manly and Zwart - like .
( In person , he 's a cool , relaxed , down - to - earth sort of guy , the kind of dude that you immediately want to buy a beer and make tell you stories .
I like Jeff Zwart a lot , and I 've only met him once .
But I digress . )
Gah !
Porsche dirt !
Advertisement
Pikes Peak 2010 - Jeff Zwart In Car from Will Roegge on Vimeo .
[ via CarDomain ]
1954 : Housewives celebrate end of rationing
Fourteen years of food rationing in Britain ended at midnight when restrictions on the sale and purchase of meat and bacon were lifted .
Members of the London Housewives ' Association held a special ceremony in London 's Trafalgar Square to mark Derationing Day .
The Minister of Fuel and Power , Geoffrey Lloyd , burned a large replica of a ration book at an open meeting in his constituency .
But the Minister of Food , Major Gwilym Lloyd - George , told a meeting at Bebington in Cheshire he would keep his as a souvenir and praised all those traders and organisations that had co-operated with the rationing system .
For the first time since the war began in 1939 London 's Smithfield Market opened at midnight instead of 0600 and meat sellers were doing a roaring trade .
High prices
Although the final step in dismantling the whole wartime system of food distribution comes into effect , it 's not all good news .
Butchers are predicting meat prices will soar for the next couple of weeks until the effect of supply and demand cools the situation down .
In February the Ministry of Food stopped controlling the sale of pork and announced it would end all food rationing this summer .
Food rationing began on 8 January 1940 , four months after the outbreak of war .
Limits were imposed on the sale of bacon , butter and sugar .
Then on 11 March 1940 all meat was rationed .
Clothes coupons were introduced and a black market soon developed while queueing outside shops and bartering for extra food became a way of life .
There were allowances made for pregnant women who used special green ration books to get extra food rations , and breastfeeding mothers had extra milk .
Restrictions were gradually lifted three years after war had ended , starting with flour on 25 July 1948 , followed by clothes on 15 March 1949 .
On 19 May 1950 rationing ended for canned and dried fruit , chocolate biscuits , treacle , syrup , jellies and mincemeat .
Petrol rationing , imposed in 1939 , ended in May 1950 followed by soap in September 1950 .
Three years later sales of sugar were off ration and last May butter rationing ended .
Why I Hate This Angie ’s List Commercial ( Video )
Mr. Plumber is working at Mrs. Homeowner ’s house , obviously located in an affluent , upper - middle class neighborhood inhabited by upwardly mobile professionals .
Mrs. Homeowner calls Mr. Plumber from an unknown location , supposedly from work , or maybe the spa , where she is sipping a mimosa and her face is plastered in mud , and eyes covered with cucumber slices , to ask that he stop what he is doing and take her little ankle - biting , fluffy , cute bastard of a dog outside , and parade it up and down the street until it shits in the neighbor ’s yard .
Mrs. Homeowner thinks this is great stuff ; that Mr. Plumber would sacrifice his “ time and dignity ” to do her bidding without pay .
Personally , I would like to extend a heart - felt , and enthusiastic , double bird to the ad agency that came up with that degenerate ad , and the amoral pricks at Angie ’s List for thinking that ad depicts a social model worth glorifying for the sake of profit .
In my zealous opinion , Mrs. Homeowner , as depicted in the commercial , represents a character whose own mental sphere is compressed into an infantile , egocentric blackhole of self - delusion wherein she imagines herself to effectively reside at the center of the universe and the people that work for her in her home are her own personal spear carriers in the aggrandized drama that is her life .
“ Oh , pretty please , would you take my little Pomeranian outside so it can go poopy ? ” she asks of her plumber .
“ For free , ” she adds .
“ Ma’am , I have four other stops to make before the day is over , and it is four in the afternoon right now .
And I really ca n’t be in the business of giving my time and energy for nothing .
You can count on me to do the best possible job for you as a plumber , but consider that I am in business to make a profit , and I have bills to pay and a family to take care of . ”
“ Let ’s get something straight , butt - crack .
Because of my social status , I am inherently better than you and deserve to be treated special .
Do you want me to fire you , and tell all my neighbors that you work for that you tried to grope me ? ” she asks rhetorically .
“ Where ’s the fucking leash ? ” he capitulates .
“ Oh , ” she exclaims , happy .
“ You are so sweeeeeet . ”
The White House prediction Friday that the deficit would hit a record $ 1.47 trillion this year poured new fuel on the fiery argument over whether the government should begin cutting back to avoid future inflation or instead keep stimulating the economy to help the still - sputtering recovery .
But increasingly , economists and other analysts are expressing concern that the United States could be edging closer to a different problem — the kind of deflationary trap that cost Japan more than a decade of growth and economic progress .
And as Tokyo ’s experience suggests , deflation can be at least as tough a problem as the soaring prices of inflation or the financial pain of a traditional recession .
When deflation begins , prices fall .
At first that seems like a good thing .
But soon , lower prices cut into business profits , and managers begin to trim payrolls .
That in turn undermines consumers ’ buying power , leading to more pressure on profits , jobs and wages — as well as cutbacks in expansion and in the purchase of new plants and equipment .
Also , consumers who are financially able to buy often wait for still lower prices , adding to the deflationary trend .
All these factors feed on one another , setting off a downward spiral that can be as hard to escape from as a stall in an airplane .
For now , the dominant theme of the nation ’s economic policy debate remains centered on the comparative dangers of deficits and inflation .
However , economists across the political spectrum — here and abroad — are talking more often about the potential for deflation .
So how likely is the problem ?
The latest U.S. data are sobering : Consumer prices overall have declined in each of the last three months , putting the inflation index in June just 1.1 % above a year earlier .
The core inflation rate — a better gauge of where prices are going because it excludes volatile energy and food items — has dropped to a 44 - year low of 0.9 % .
That ’s well below the 1.5 % - to - 2 % year - over - year inflation that the Federal Reserve likes to see , and some Fed policymakers have raised concerns about the rising risk of a broad decline in prices .
Private economists and financial experts have expressed much greater concern .
“ I think we have to take it seriously , ” said John Mauldin , president of Millennium Wave Advisors in Dallas , who puts the probability of deflation at more than 50 % .
Among the reasons he cites : a lot of unused labor and production capacity , increased savings and the low speed at which money is changing hands .
“ It ’s a good bet that by some measures we ’ll be seeing deflation by some time next year , ” Paul Krugman , the Nobel laureate economics professor , said this month in his New York Times column .
He went on to scold the Fed for standing idle while the nation is “ visibly sliding toward deflation . ”
But the Fed ’s chief , Ben Bernanke , appears to think deflation fears are overblown .
During his semiannual testimony to Congress last week , he told senators that he did n’t view deflation as a near - term risk .
In the Fed ’s latest forecast , core inflation is projected to stay at the current pace this year , then gradually rise toward 1.5 % in 2012 .
Should deflation occur , the central bank has the tools to reverse it , he said .
But many question whether the Fed can do much more , given that it already has pushed interest rates to historical lows and pumped more than $ 1 trillion into the financial system .
Also , Bernanke said , America ’s economy is more vibrant and productive than Japan ’s was , and its labor force is n’t declining , whereas Japan ’s has been for much of the last decade .
Japan also was much slower in addressing problems with its banking sector than the U.S. , he said .
Japan ’s aging population and rigid business and political systems have clearly contributed to the country ’s long economic malaise , which began in the 1990s .
But there are some notable similarities with America ’s latest economic slump .
In both cases , real estate bubbles burst after years of rapid growth and low unemployment , exposing poor loans and serious problems with financial institutions and regulations .
In both countries , the crash led to a sharp fall in real estate prices and financial markets and to soaring unemployment .
Yet the scope and economic fundamentals of the two crises are very different , said Richard Katz , editor of the Oriental Economist Report , a New York newsletter focusing on Japan and U.S. - Japan relations .
Commercial land prices in Japan ’s six largest cities soared 500 % from 1981 to 1991 , Katz said , and the bust took them down below 1981 levels .
The U.S. housing slump has been bad , but nowhere near that severe .
And whereas bad debts pervaded Japan ’s entire economy , Katz argued , the U.S. recession was n’t the result of structural flaws but rather of excesses in the financial system that came from deregulation and other policy mistakes that he sees as correctable .
“ The policymaking response in the U.S. is better , in part because of the precedence of Japan , ” Katz said , noting that it took Japan ’s central bank nearly nine years to do what the Fed in essence did 16 months : bring short - term interest rates to zero .
But like Japan , some analysts suggest , the U.S. is heading into a long period of stagnant growth , in large part because of high unemployment and an overhang of debts that will restrain consumer spending — now at 70 % of the nation ’s gross domestic product .
Those factors tend to hold down wages , putting more downward pressure on prices .
And once deflation sets in , consumers may hoard cash or try to pay off their debts faster , fueling the downward spiral of spending and growth .
Bernanke said bond - market measures and consumer surveys show little change in expected inflation .
“ And that stability of inflation expectations is one important factor that will keep inflation from falling very much , ” he said .
Some economists remain skeptical , saying such expectations can turn very quickly or conditions can change in stealthy ways .
“ People do n’t see it coming , ” said John Makin , a visiting scholar at the conservative American Enterprise Institute .
He said he does n’t take much stock in consumer surveys about inflation expectations because most people have been ingrained to expect inflation in the future , not deflation .
Makin also thinks some price declines are indirect and not reflected in government reports .
Many online retailers now provide free shipping , and more businesses are offering specials such as “ buy two , get the third free ” — the functional equivalent of price cuts .
In one measure that Makin calls a “ flashing red light , ” yields on 10 - year Treasury bonds , which rise with inflation worries , have slipped to less than 3 % from 4 % in April .
Among businesses , many restaurants are feeling the squeeze because they ’re finding it tough to pass higher costs along to customers .
Prices for restaurant food rose 1.2 % this June from June 2009 , much slower than the 3.8 % rise during the year - earlier period .
Meanwhile , the purchasing cost for restaurant operators this June was up 4.7 % from June 2009 , said Hudson Riehle , chief economist at the National Restaurant Assn .
Charlotte Kubsh , a 55 - year - old St. Louis - area homemaker , would not be surprised that businesses have little power to raise prices .
She said her husband , who works for a trucking firm , did n’t get a raise last year .
They ’ve long been strong savers , she said , and with their income seemingly frozen , they do n’t plan any big spending any time soon .
don.lee@latimes.com
As avid MMA fans will be only too aware , new promotion ’s first pay - per - view broadcasts generally contain a large degree of fail , and last night ’s Impact FC event from Sydney , Australia was no different .
Wasting no time in bringing unintentional amusement to the proceedings was the event ’s announcer James White .
Things start off well enough as the dapperly dressed
White welcomes fans around the world to the event , but as you ’ll see below things quickly take a turn for the worse .
—
“ Representing the Combat Sports Authority , MMmmmiiiiissssSSSSSTTTAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA ……………………………….. Woo !……………. blank ………. ”
Well played sir , well played .
Tags
In Chapter 5 of The Road to Serfdom ( " Planning and Democracy " ) , F.A. Hayek warned that the state need not directly control all or even most of the means of production to exert totalitarian control over the economic life of the nation .
He cited the example of Germany where , as of 1928 , " the central and local authorities directly control the use of more than half the national income … 53 percent . "
( As the first director of the Austrian Institute for Business Cycle Research , Hayek was familiar with such statistics . )
In addition to this , Hayek wrote , private industry in Germany was so heavily regulated that the state controlled , indirectly , " almost the whole economic life of the nation . "
It was through such totalitarian economic controls that Germany travelled down the road to serfdom .
As Hayek further stated ,
There is , then scarcely an individual end which is not dependent for its achievement on the action of the state , and the " social scale of values " which guides the state 's action must embrace practically all individual ends .
In other words , government regulation was so pervasive that the pursuit of profit , driven by consumer preferences and demands , was mostly replaced by the whims of regulatory bureaucrats .
Ludwig von Mises recognized this as one of the great evils of regulation in his book Bureaucracy .
The more time any business person spends catering to the demands and dictates of government bureaucrats , the less time is spent serving consumers in order to earn profits and survive economically .
It may sound shocking to some , but modern - day America compares " favorably " to fascist Germany of the 1930s with regard to the degree to which the state interferes with and controls economic activity .
First of all , government expenditures at all levels of government account for about 40 percent of national income .
It differs by a few percentage points , year by year , but it has been in the 40 percent range in the past few years .
This does n't count all of the off - budget government agencies that exist at the federal , state , and local levels of government as James Bennett and I documented in our book , Underground Government : The Off - Budget Public Sector .
If this is included , government expenditures as a percentage of national income would be at least 45 percent , which is not so far from the 53 percent in Nazi Germany that Hayek alluded to .
In addition , as George Reisman pointed out in " The Myth that Laissez Faire Is Responsible for Our Present Crisis , " there are nine executive - branch cabinet departments in the federal government that exist for the purpose of regulating , controlling , and regimenting housing , transportation , healthcare , education , energy , mining , agriculture , labor , and commerce .
That pretty much covers the entire economy .
According to the White House website , there are also hundreds of federal regulatory agencies and commissions , among the better known of which are the Army Corps of Engineers , Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco and Firearms , Commodity Credit Corporation , Commodity Futures Trading Commission , Consumer Product Safety Commission , Department of Veterans Affairs , Drug Enforcement Administration , Employment and Training Administration , Employment Standards Administration , Environmental Protection Agency , Equal Employment Opportunity Commission , Farm Credit Administration , Federal Aviation Administration , Federal Communications Commission , Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation , Federal Election Commission , Federal Energy Regulatory Commission , Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy Commission , Federal Highway Administration , Federal Trade Commission , Nuclear Regulatory Commission , and others .
New " commissions " are being formed all the time , and their budgets and responsibilities expanded .
This is a short list .
In addition , there are now more than 73,000 pages of regulations in tiny print in The Federal Register instructing all Americans how their lives are to be regulated by these bureaucratic monstrosities .
On top of all of this , state and local governments have literally thousands of regulatory agencies and commissions that regulate everything from allergies to zoos .
As just one example , taken from the statelocalgov.net , the state of Alabama has regulatory agencies and commissions that regulate retirement systems , geological surveys , public health , education , conservation and natural resources , industrial relations , agriculture , seniors , tourism and travel , veterans affairs , environmental management , forensic science , business development , rehabilitation , banking , insurance , labor , transportation , youth services , children 's affairs , film making , ports , disabilities , arts , real estate , oil and gas , forests , ethics , surface mining , alcoholic beverages , auctioneers , and " faith - based initiatives . "
And Alabama is a relatively conservative state with a modest - sized government compared to , say , New York , California , or Washington DC .
Local governments are also active in regulating most of the things that are on the list for the state of Alabama .
Then there 's the Fed .
In addition to attempting to fix prices ( interest rates ) and causing perpetual boom - and - bust cycles with its monetary manipulation , the Fed performs dozens of regulatory functions .
According to a Fed publication entitled " The Federal Reserve System : Purposes and Functions , " the Fed regulates bank holding companies , state - chartered banks , foreign branches of member banks , edge and agreement corporations , state - licensed branches , agencies , and representative offices of foreign banks , nonbanking activities of foreign banks , national banks , savings banks , nonbank subsidiaries of bank holding companies , financial reporting procedures , accounting policies of banks , business " continuity " in case of economic emergencies , consumer protection laws , securities dealings of banks , information technology used by banks , foreign investment by banks , foreign lending by banks , branch banking , bank mergers and acquisitions , who may own a bank , capital " adequacy standards , " extensions of credit for the purchase of securities , equal opportunity lending , mortgage disclosure information , reserve requirements , electronic funds transfers , interbank liabilities , Community Reinvestment Act subprime lending demands , all international banking operations , consumer leasing , privacy of consumer financial information , payments on demand deposits , " fair credit " reporting , transactions between member banks and their affiliates , truth in lending , and truth in savings .
Because of the inevitable failures of all government planning in a democracy , Hayek wrote that " the conviction [ will grow ] that if efficient planning is to be done , the direction must be ' taken out of politics ' and placed in the hands of experts — permanent officials or independent autonomous bodies . "
Moreover , " the cry for an economic dictator is a characteristic stage in the movement toward [ central ] planning . "
This indeed describes many of the above - mentioned agencies and commissions , but is especially descriptive of all the central planning " czars " who now hold office in the federal government .
These include the following , as of July 2010 : Afghanistan czar , AIDS czar , auto - recovery czar , border czar , California - water czar , car czar , central - region czar ( Middle East , Persian Gulf , Afghanistan , Pakistan , and South Asia ) , climate czar , domestic - violence czar , drug czar , economic czar ( Paul Volcker ) , energy and environment czar , faith - based czar , government - performance czar , Great Lakes czar , green - jobs czar , Guantanamo - closure czar , health czar , information czar , intelligence czar , science czar , stimulus - accountability czar , pay czar , regulatory czar , Sudan czar , TARP czar , Technology czar , terrorism czar , urban - affairs czar , weapons czar , WMD - policy czar , war czar , oil czar , manufacturing czar , cybersecurity czar , safe - school czar , Iran czar , Mideast - peace czar .
In sum , it would be very difficult to argue against the proposition that the US economy today is even more heavily controlled , regulated , and regimented by the state than Germany was at the time Hayek wrote The Road to Serfdom .
Americans have travelled many miles down the road to serfdom by deluding themselves that the god of democracy will somehow save them from statist slavery .
But as Hayek warned 56 years ago , " There is no justification for the belief that , so long as power is conferred by democratic procedure , it cannot be arbitrary … "
The exercise of arbitrary or dictatorial power is , of course , the whole purpose and function of all those agencies , commissions , and czars .
In 2001 , Dave Cooley founded Northeast Los Angeles based Elysian Masters , the first audio mastering studio to embrace the specific needs of the independent music community .
Two decades of acclaim and chart success later , we remain obsessed with sonic quality .
We do n’t stop until a body of work reaches its full potential .
And that means mastering with impact , not just loudness .
We ’re here to add historic context to your present release , and further its identity as a future classic .
After weeks of leaks and speculation , Canada ’s reigning Conservative government outlined its plans to amend the ageing Copyright Act .
According to the outline , anyone convicted of bypassing the DRM of a given media format — even if legally purchased — will be subject to a fine of up to $ 5,000 .
But if the circumvention of DRM is done for profit , then the fine is raised to $ 1 million .
Convicted downloaders of copyrighted materials will face significantly weaker penalties with a fine of $ 5,000 , down from the present day maximum of $ 20,000 .
Canadians will also be allowed to use copyrighted materials to create mashup videos for sites such as YouTube , and the law books will finally acknowledge that commonplace activities such as recording TV , radio and internet broadcasts are okay .
The same applies for backing media for personal use or archival purposes , but so long as DRM is not tampered with .
Cellphone unlocking was not mentioned , although Heritage Minister Tony Clement said that it is currently legal to unlock phones so long as that phone is not currently under contract from a carrier .
In an editorial co-autored with Heritage Minister James Moore published in The National Post on Wednesday , Clement argued that “ Canada ’s Copyright
Act is more than 80 years old and has not been significantly modified for many years ” and needs a serious overhaul in order to protect the interests of Canadians and the rights of content creators .
The legislation is expected to be tabled in the House of Commons on Thursday .
Read
A few years ago , I wrote about the absurdity of Helen Thomas 's image as a paragon of journalistic integrity and the toughest member of the White House press corps .
She made her name by being willing to endure the tedium of the stenographic role of the White House press far longer than any sentient reporter could bear .
Then she switched to ranting mode , endearing herself to the left but doing nothing to actually hold her subject to account :
Her emergence as a liberal icon can be dated to the night of March 6 , 2003 , when President Bush committed the crime of failing to call on her at a press conference .
Washington gasped at the shocking snub .
It was " the first time anyone can remember her being stiffed , " wrote Washington Post media reporter Howard Kurtz .
Liberals rose up in outrage , the hack now a martyr at the hands of Bush .
" President Bush broke a 43 - year tradition by failing to call on Helen Thomas , " complained Molly Ivins .
" Afraid to take a question from an 82 - year - old woman ? "
The reality is that , of all the indignities the Bush administration has inflicted upon the media , Bush 's slighting of Thomas is by far the most justifiable .
She is , after all , now a columnist , and columnists do not typically get to ask questions at White House press conferences .
More importantly , her questions are as wildly inappropriate for the forum of a press conference as they are ineffective .
It is hard to imagine what admissions could be extracted from questions like , " Does the president think that the Palestinians have a right to resist 35 years of brutal occupation ? "
Or lectures like , " Why are we killing people in Iraq ?
Men , women , and children are being killed there .
I mean , what is the reason we are there , killing people , continuing ?
It 's outrageous . "
At the historic occasion of the first press conference of Bush 's first term , Thomas took the opportunity to ask : " Mr. President , why do you refuse to respect the wall between the church and state ?
And you know that the mixing of religion and government for centuries has led to slaughter .
I mean , the very fact that a country has stood in good stead by having a separation -- why do you break it down ? "
Amazingly , this subtle line of inquiry did not force Bush to confess his goal of an American theocracy .
Now Thomas is in trouble for bluntly confessing her views on the Middle East .
Asked on camera about Israel , she said the Jews should leave all of Palestine , and return to Poland or Germany :
Conservatives are demanding that Hearst newspapers fire her .
I think this would be a mistake .
While there 's no First Amendment right to be employed by a newspaper chain , I think public debate is poorly served by summary firings of those who spout controversial views .
Four years ago , the Polish embassy disinvited Tony Judt on account of his ardent anti-Zionism .
A number of liberals , including many supporters of Israel , wrote to protest Judt 's exclusion .
I see little distinction between the circumstances -- Poland has no more obligation to associate itself with Judt 's views than Hearst newspapers does to associate itself with Thomas's .
There is , however , a cost when an individual is so obviously punished for expressing their beliefs , even by a private group .
As the letter protesting Judt 's cancellation argued :
" It is quite obvious what the motive was for knocking the tree down and I can think of one or two houses that would stand to benefit from the new views . "
Image caption Canadian CF - 18 fighter jets quickly dispersed the Russian TU - 95 " Bear Bombers " , officials said
Canadian CF - 18 fighter jets were dispatched to intercept Russian bombers as they skirted Canadian airspace by the Arctic , the defence ministry says .
The bombers , which sometimes fly near Canada , were dispersed , officials said .
Russian officials said the flight was a training exercise and the TU - 95 bombers did not " violate " Canadian airspace .
Canada 's Liberal Party said the government 's response was appropriate , given Russia 's attempts to claim sovereignty over Arctic territories .
A Canadian defence ministry spokesman said the bombers had been found 250 nautical miles ( 463 km ) from Goose Bay in the province of Newfoundland , " in waters in a Canadian buffer zone " .
" We have n't violated Canadian airspace , " an official at Russia 's embassy in Ottawa told the Globe and Mail newspaper .
" There is no problem here . "
Meanwhile , Canadian Parliament member Marc Garneau claimed the Conservative government was using the episode to justify its intentions to purchase new Canadian fighter jets at a price tag of $ 16bn ( £ 9.9bn ) , according to local media .
Philip Stone , charts editor for The Bookselle r magazine , told The Times : “ The embarrassment factor of being caught reading something like that in print is not there .
If it ’s on your iPad then no one can tell what you ’re reading .
You could be reading Plato . ”
Bring some much needed golden sunshine to your 2020 with some National Mustard Day gift packs and our commemorative t- shirt while supplies last .
With the ongoing public health concerns , things are difficult for everyone , no question .
And our theme for this year ’s Mustard Day — which took place via Facebook Live on Saturday , 8/1 — takes on a hopeful tone with “ What the World Needs Now is Mustard , Sweet Mustard . ”
We could all use a little fun and hope and that ’s exactly what our first virtual National Mustard Day aimed to deliver .
You can learn more about the Big Yellow Day here .
Bring home the spirit of Mustard Day with some of the unique mustard packs and merchandise !
Howard Guzman
After 23 years of marriage , you 'd think there would be nothing in the world my morbidly obese wife could do to surprise me anymore .
You 'd say , " Howard , I bet you know just about everything there is to know about that massive woman of yours . "
But I guess I still have a lot to learn , because yesterday morning my wife , who is quite fat , turns her head to me and says , " They should do a game show hosted by that father from Growing Pains . "
Advertisement
Just like that !
I just laughed and thought to myself , " That 's my 450 - pound wife for you — always full of surprises ! "
It 's times like these , when she catches me off guard with an insightful comment , that I remember why I married her in the first place .
My Kate is truly one of the sweetest , fattest , smartest people I know .
She 's not only my enormous wife — she's my enormous best friend .
Advertisement
And she 's funny , too !
Whenever we have guests over at the house , watch out , because my unhealthily overweight wife keeps everyone on their toes with her trademark wit !
Like three years ago on my birthday , she gave me this card that had an old man on the front with only four teeth in his mouth , and on the inside it said " Happy Four - Teeth - ith Birthday ! "
Kate was already giggling before I walked over to her couch - bed to grab the card from between her pudgy , bloated sausage - fingers , so of course I knew something was up .
Sure enough , another Kate classic !
Boy , my dirigible - sized wife sure knows how to make me laugh .
It 's so important to marry someone you can talk to .
Over the course of any relationship , you go through lots of ups and downs .
On the good days , you 're traveling around and going to dinner parties and everyone 's still able to fit through standard doorways , but other days are harder , and you 've got to be able to cheer each other up when things get tough and you can no longer share a bed in any real sense of the term .
But no matter how bad things get , I can always rely on good old immobile - flesh - mound Kate to make me smile .
Advertisement
God , I 'm so lucky to have such a fat interesting fat wife .
She really is one of a kind , my Kate .
Whenever I see her reading books on treating the various skin disorders that result from chronic obesity or just drowning in her own sweat , I can tell the wheels in her head are spinning .
She never stops thinking !
Every day , she 's thinking and thinking and eating and widening … growing .
It 's like every part of her is bigger than the next .
She 's not even a woman anymore , she 's just this — this thing I inject insulin into while it consumes stacks of honey - glazed ham like a thresher and says the most adorable things when it is n't wheezing or choking on its own spit and bile .
Advertisement
I love my wife !
Just yesterday we were watching the news and John McCain started talking about how Barack Obama wants to make gas unaffordable for middle - class Americans , and then my wife kind of swayed her arms back and forth to work up the momentum to shift her body in my direction , and as the bulk of what was once her left breast toppled down her expansive upper belly and under her right arm , she said , " Gas is already unaffordable for most middle - class Americans . "
And would n't you know it , as soon as it was his turn to speak , I 'll be damned if Obama did n't say almost the same thing !
Advertisement
I swear , if she 'd been upright and was n't being strangled by her own neck flab , I could have kissed her .
I do n't mean to go on and on bragging about my amazing wife who 's killing herself with food , so I 'll just tell you one more vintage Kate story .
It 's a doozy .
See , back in college , my then - not - unspeakably - obese wife lived in a sorority house that used to throw these wild parties .
And one time , Kate had a few too many and — well , there was this bra hanging from a ceiling fan and — or was it the staircase ?
Darn it , she was just telling me yesterday in the kitchen .
We were talking about her old sorority and college , and she was telling me about this Halloween party they threw and I realized the skin folds of her underarms were no longer symmetrical and then she said … .
Advertisement
Oh , you know what , I just do n't tell it as well as my heaving sack of a wife does .
Google is launching a new tool on Monday that lets anyone create an app for Android phones .
Google App Inventor claims to enable non-coders to develop complete , working Android apps by connecting a series of " blocks . "
Google has been testing App Inventor in schools for a year , reports The New York Times .
At the time of writing , App Inventor is only available to those who apply via a form .
It 's a smart concept .
Not only is the Android Market an open platform for developers ( with no approval process , a la Apple 's App Store ) , but now we 'll likely see a vast array of specialized apps built by non-developers .
This could radically increase the volume of apps in the Market versus the App Store .
The expansion may , of course , come at the cost of quality .
We 'll see thousands of new Android apps , but will they be of a " cookie cutter " nature , offering very little value ?
There is , however , an upside in the long term :
If App Inventor is so simple that schoolchildren can make apps , some those same children will soon become coders themselves and perhaps choose to develop apps for Android rather than iOS .
Google and Apple are currently in a heated battle to win the hearts and minds of developers .
Google , it seems , wants to win over the non-developers too .
What do you think ?
Is App Inventor a winning play on Google 's part ?
[ img credit : glen edelson ]
( Newser ) – If you find yourself annoyed while visiting Elmhurst , Illinois , think twice before rolling your eyes .
Officials are debating a “ disturbance and disorderly conduct ” violation that includes eye - rolling , TribLocal.com reports .
It all started when a resident was ejected from a public committee meeting after rolling her eyes and , as typically goes along with that , sighing .
Darlene Heslop , the resident in question , has no problem with defining disorderly conduct in the municipal code because “ I ’d like for them to have a better understanding of the open meetings act and its meaning and to understand what disorderly conduct is , ” she says ( while , one assumes , rolling her eyes ) .
She adds that perhaps city officials will start to understand “ what the public is entitled to ” when attending a city meeting .
( Read more Illinois stories . )
I receive many e-mails , and a recurring complaint is that many of my posts are too technical to understand .
This morning ’s installment arrived with the subject line , “ Please Talk to Us ” , and suggested I provide short , concise , easily understood summaries and explanations “ for dummies ” .
So , here ’s a list of basic climate change questions , and brief answers based upon what I know today .
I might update them as I receive suggestions and comments .
I will also be adding links to other sources , and some visual aids , as appropriate .
Deja vu tells me I might have done this once before , but I ’m too lazy to go back and see .
So , I ’ll start over from scratch .
( Insert smiley )
It is important to understand at the outset that those of us who are skeptical of mankind ’s influence on climate have a wide variety of views on the subject , and we ca n’t all be right .
In fact , in this business , it is really easy to be wrong .
It seems like everyone has a theory of what causes climate change .
But it only takes one of us to be right for the IPCC ’s anthropogenic global warming ( AGW ) house of cards to collapse .
As I like to say , taking measurements of the climate system is much easier than figuring out what those measurements mean in terms of cause and effect .
Generally speaking , it ’s not the warming that is in dispute … it ’s the cause of the warming .
If you disagree with my views on something , please do n’t flame me .
Chances are , I ’ve already heard your point of view ; very seldom am I provided with new evidence I have n’t already taken into account .
1 ) Are Global Temperatures Rising Now ?
There is no way to know , because natural year - to - year variability in global temperature is so large , with warming and cooling occurring all the time .
What we can say is that surface and lower atmospheric temperature have risen in the last 30 to 50 years , with most of that warming in the Northern Hemisphere .
Also , the magnitude of recent warming is somewhat uncertain , due to problems in making long - term temperature measurements with thermometers without those measurements being corrupted by a variety of non-climate effects .
But there is no way to know if temperatures are continuing to rise now …we only see warming ( or cooling ) in the rearview mirror , when we look back in time .
2 ) Why Do Some Scientists Say It ’s Cooling , while Others Say that Warming is Even Accelerating ?
Since there is so much year - to - year ( and even decade - to - decade ) variability in global average temperatures , whether it has warmed or cooled depends upon how far back you look in time .
For instance , over the last 100 years , there was an overall warming which was stronger toward the end of the 20th Century .
This is why some say “ warming is accelerating ” .
But if we look at a shorter , more recent period of time , say since the record warm year of 1998 , one could say that it has cooled in the last 10 - 12 years .
But , as I mentioned above , neither of these can tell us anything about whether warming is happening “ now ” , or will happen in the future .
3 ) Have n’t Global Temperatures Risen Before ?
Yes .
In the longer term , say hundreds to thousands of years , there is considerable indirect , proxy evidence ( not from thermometers ) of both warming and cooling .
Since humankind ca n’t be responsible for these early events , this is evidence that nature can cause warming and cooling .
If that is the case , it then opens up the possibility that some ( or most ) of the warming in the last 50 years has been natural , too .
While many geologists like to point to much larger temperature changes are believed to have occurred over millions of years , I am unconvinced that this tells us anything of use for understanding how humans might influence climate on time scales of 10 to 100 years .
4 ) But Did n’t the “ Hockey Stick ” Show Recent Warming to be Unprecedented ?
The “ hockey Stick ” reconstructions of temperature variations over the last 1 to 2 thousand years have been a huge source of controversy .
The hockey stick was previously used by the IPCC as a veritable poster child for anthropogenic warming , since it seemed to indicate there have been no substantial temperature changes over the last 1,000 to 2,000 years until humans got involved in the 20th Century .
The various versions of the hockey stick were based upon limited amounts of temperature proxy evidence — primarily tree rings — and involved questionable statistical methods .
In contrast , I think the bulk of the proxy evidence supports the view that it was at least as warm during the Medieval Warm Period , around 1000 AD .
The very fact that recent tree ring data erroneously suggests cooling in the last 50 years , when in fact there has been warming , should be a warning flag about using tree ring data for figuring out how warm it was 1,000 years ago .
But without actual thermometer data , we will never know for sure .
5 ) Is n’t the Melting of Arctic Sea Ice Evidence of Warming ?
Warming , yes …manmade warming , no .
Arctic sea ice naturally melts back every summer , but that meltback was observed to reach a peak in 2007 .
But we have relatively accurate , satellite - based measurements of Arctic ( and Antarctic ) sea ice only since 1979 .
It is entirely possible that late summer Arctic Sea ice cover was just as low in the 1920s or 1930s , a period when Arctic thermometer data suggests it was just as warm .
Unfortunately , there is no way to know , because we did not have satellites back then .
Interestingly , Antarctic sea ice has been growing nearly as fast as Arctic ice has been melting over the last 30 + years .
6 ) What about rising sea levels ?
I must confess , I do n’t pay much attention to the sea level issue .
I will say that , to the extent that warming occurs , sea levels can be expected to also rise to some extent .
The rise is partly due to thermal expansion of the water , and partly due to melting or shedding of land - locked ice ( the Greenland and Antarctic ice sheets , and glaciers ) .
But this says nothing about whether or not humans are the cause of that warming .
Since there is evidence that glacier retreat and sea level rise started well before humans can be blamed , causation is — once again — a major source of uncertainty .
7 ) Is Increasing CO2 Even Capable of Causing Warming ?
There are some very intelligent people out there who claim that adding more carbon dioxide to the atmosphere can’t cause warming anyway .
They claim things like , “ the atmospheric CO2 absorption bands are already saturated ” , or something else very technical .
[ And for those more technically - minded persons , yes , I agree that the effective radiating temperature of the Earth in the infrared is determined by how much sunlight is absorbed by the Earth .
But that does n’t mean the lower atmosphere cannot warm from adding more greenhouse gases , because at the same time they also cool the upper atmosphere ] .
While it is true that most of the CO2 - caused warming in the atmosphere was there before humans ever started burning coal and driving SUVs , this is all taken into account by computerized climate models that predict global warming .
Adding more “ should ” cause warming , with the magnitude of that warming being the real question .
But I ’m still open to the possibility that a major error has been made on this fundamental point .
Stranger things have happened in science before .
8 ) Is Atmospheric CO2 Increasing ?
Yes , and most strongly in the last 50 years … which is why “ most ” climate researchers think the CO2 rise is the cause of the warming .
Our site measurements of CO2 increase from around the world are possibly the most accurate long - term , climate - related , measurements in existence .
9 ) Are Humans Responsible for the CO2 Rise ?
While there are short - term ( year - to - year ) fluctuations in the atmospheric CO2 concentration due to natural causes , especially El Nino and La Nina , I currently believe that most of the long - term increase is probably due to our use of fossil fuels .
But from what I can tell , the supposed “ proof ” of humans being the source of increasing CO2 — a change in the atmospheric concentration of the carbon isotope C13 — would also be consistent with a natural , biological source .
The current atmospheric CO2 level is about 390 parts per million by volume , up from a pre-industrial level estimated to be around 270 ppm…maybe less .
CO2 levels can be much higher in cities , and in buildings with people in them .
10 ) But Are n’t Natural CO2 Emissions About 20 Times the Human Emissions ?
Yes , but nature is believed to absorb CO2 at about the same rate it is produced .
You can think of the reservoir of atmospheric CO2 as being like a giant container of water , with nature pumping in a steady stream into the bottom of the container ( atmosphere ) in some places , sucking out about the same amount in other places , and then humans causing a steady drip - drip - drip into the container .
Significantly , about 50 % of what we produce is sucked out of the atmosphere by nature , mostly through photosynthesis .
Nature loves the stuff .
CO2 is the elixir of life on Earth .
Imagine the howls of protest there would be if we were destroying atmospheric CO2 , rather than creating more of it .
11 ) Is Rising CO2 the Cause of Recent Warming ?
While this is theoretically possible , I think it is more likely that the warming is mostly natural .
At the very least , we have no way of determining what proportion is natural versus human - caused .
12 ) Why Do Most Scientists Believe CO2 is Responsible for the Warming ?
Because ( as they have told me ) they ca n’t think of anything else that might have caused it .
Significantly , it ’s not that there is evidence nature ca n’t be the cause , but a lack of sufficiently accurate measurements to determine if nature is the cause .
This is a hugely important distinction , and one the public and policymakers have been misled on by the IPCC .
13 ) If Not Humans , What could Have Caused Recent Warming ?
This is one of my areas of research .
I believe that natural changes in the amount of sunlight being absorbed by the Earth — due to natural changes in cloud cover — are responsible for most of the warming .
Whether that is the specific mechanism or not , I advance the minority view that the climate system can change all by itself .
Climate change does not require an “ external ” source of forcing , such as a change in the sun .
14 ) So , What Could Cause Natural Cloud Changes ?
I think small , long - term changes in atmospheric and oceanic flow patterns can cause ~ 1 % changes in how much sunlight is let in by clouds to warm the Earth .
This is all that is required to cause global warming or cooling .
Unfortunately , we do not have sufficiently accurate cloud measurements to determine whether this is the primary cause of warming in the last 30 to 50 years .
15 ) How Significant is the Climategate Release of E - Mails ?
While Climategate does not , by itself , invalidate the IPCC ’s case that global warming has happened , or that humans are the primary cause of that warming , it DOES illustrate something I emphasized in my first book , “ Climate Confusion ” : climate researchers are human , and prone to bias .
16 ) Why Would Bias in Climate Research be Important ?
I thought Scientists Just Follow the Data Where It Leads Them
When researchers approach a problem , their pre-conceived notions often guide them .
It ’s not that the IPCC ’s claim that humans cause global warming is somehow untenable or impossible , it ’s that political and financial pressures have resulted in the IPCC almost totally ignoring alternative explanations for that warming .
17 ) How Important Is “ Scientific Consensus ” in Climate Research ?
In the case of global warming , it is nearly worthless .
The climate system is so complex that the vast majority of climate scientists — usually experts in variety of specialized fields — assume there are more knowledgeable scientists , and they are just supporting the opinions of their colleagues .
And among that small group of most knowledgeable experts , there is a considerable element of groupthink , herd mentality , peer pressure , political pressure , support of certain energy policies , and desire to Save the Earth — whether it needs to be saved or not .
18 ) How Important are Computerized Climate Models ?
I consider climate models as being our best way of exploring cause and effect in the climate system .
It is really easy to be wrong in this business , and unless you can demonstrate causation with numbers in equations , you are stuck with scientists trying to persuade one another by waving their hands .
Unfortunately , there is no guarantee that climate models will ever produce a useful prediction of the future .
Nevertheless , we must use them , and we learn a lot from them .
My biggest concern is that models have been used almost exclusively for supporting the claim that humans cause global warming , rather than for exploring alternative hypotheses — e.g. natural climate variations — as possible causes of that warming .
19 ) What Do I Predict for Global Temperature Changes in the Future ?
I tend to shy away from long - term predictions , because there are still so many uncertainties .
When pressed , though , I tend to say that I think cooling in our future is just as real a possibility as warming .
Of course , a third possibility is relatively steady temperatures , without significant long - term warming or cooling .
Keep in mind that , while you will find out tomorrow whether your favorite weather forecaster is right or wrong , no one will remember 50 years from now a scientist today wrongly predicting we will all die from heat stroke by 2060 .
Concluding Remarks
Climate researchers do not know nearly as much about the causes of climate change as they profess .
We have a pretty good understanding of how the climate system works on average … but the reasons for small , long - term changes in climate system are still extremely uncertain .
The total amount of CO2 humans have added to the atmosphere in the last 100 years has upset the radiative energy budget of the Earth by only 1 % .
How the climate system responds to that small “ poke ” is very uncertain .
The IPCC says there will be strong warming , with cloud changes making the warming worse .
I claim there will be weak warming , with cloud changes acting to reduce the influence of that 1 % change .
The difference between these two outcomes is whether cloud feedbacks are positive ( the IPCC view ) , or negative ( the view I and a minority of others have ) .
So far , neither side has been able to prove their case .
That uncertainty even exists on this core issue is not appreciated by many scientists !
Again I will emphasize , some very smart people who consider themselves skeptics will disagree with some of my views stated above , particularly when it involves explanations for what has caused warming , and what has caused atmospheric CO2 to increase .
Unlike the global marching army of climate researchers the IPCC has enlisted , we do not walk in lockstep .
We are willing to admit , “ we do n’t really know ” , rather than mislead people with phrases like , “ the warming we see is consistent with an increase in CO2 ” , and then have the public think that means , “ we have determined , through our extensive research into all the possibilities , that the warming cannot be due to anything but CO2 ” .
Skeptics advancing alternative explanations ( hypotheses ) for climate variability represent the way the researcher community used to operate , before politics , policy outcomes , and billions of dollars got involved .
TMZ has learned ... Jaleel White -- the actor who played Steve Urkel on " Family Matters " -- is under investigation for allegedly battering a woman .
Sources familiar with the police report tell us ... the alleged victim claims
White allegedly punched her in one of her breast implants while they were driving on Pacific Coast Highway two weeks ago , with an infant in the car .
We 're told , she claims when they got home
White allegedly slapped her , and pushed her into a toilet so hard it broke the tank .
Sources connected with White 's baby mama , Bridget Hardy , tell TMZ Hardy is in fact the alleged victim .
We 're told she did not report any injuries .
The alleged victim filed a report with the LAPD Tuesday .
The investigation is ongoing .
A rep for Jaleel tells TMZ , " There was absolutely no battery ... no abuse ... and the incident never happened . "
Bubbles of carbon dioxide are not buoyant in space , producing foam throughout the liquid , as shown in this image of a drop of Coca - Cola taken on a space shuttle in 1985 ( Image : NASA ) Kirsten Sterrett used a “ Fluid Processing Apparatus ” to ferment beer on a space shuttle ( Image : NASA )
After allegations that astronauts flew drunk , NASA ’s rules on alcohol are under scrutiny .
The agency currently does n’t allow its astronauts to imbibe in orbit , but over the years of crewed space travel , many astronauts have enjoyed a tipple .
Advertisement
In 1969 , Buzz Aldrin took communion after landing on the Moon , sipping wine from a small chalice .
In the Moon ’s feeble gravity , he later wrote , the wine swirled like syrup around the cup .
Small amounts of alcohol were apparently allowed on the Soviet space station Mir , and when Russian astronauts joined the International Space Station , there were some grumblings about the decree that it be dry .
That has n’t stopped some researchers from working on ways to brew and serve alcohol in space , however .
Graduate student Kirsten Sterrett at the University of Colorado in the US wrote a thesis on fermentation in space , with support from US beer behemoth Coors .
She sent a miniature brewing kit into orbit aboard a space shuttle several years ago and produced a few sips of beer .
She later sampled the space brew , but because of chemicals in and near it from her analysis , it did n’t taste great by the time she tried it .
Beyond the challenge of producing beer in space is the problem of serving it , says Jonathan Clark , a former flight surgeon and now the space medicine liaison for the National Space Biomedical Research Institute in Houston , Texas , US .
Without gravity , bubbles do n’t rise , so “ obviously the foam is n’t going to come to a head ” , Clark told New Scientist .
The answer , Dutch researchers suggested in 2000 , is to store beer in a flexible membrane inside a barrel .
Air can be pumped between the barrel and the membrane , forcing the beer out of a tap .
Astronauts could then use straws to suck up blobs of beer ( see Beer balls ) .
Wet burps
Unfortunately for thirsty astronauts , beer is poorly suited to space consumption because of the gas it includes .
Without gravity to draw liquids to the bottoms of their stomachs , leaving gases at the top , astronauts tend to produce wet burps .
“ That ’s one of the reasons why we do n’t have carbonated beverages on the space menu , ” NASA spokesperson William Jeffs told New Scientist .
Jeffs says no research has been done on the effects of alcohol in a microgravity environment .
But he says : “ There may be differences in alcohol absorption and metabolism in space , which makes one suspect that there may be differences in the effects of alcohol in space . ”
Clark says medications sometimes have unusual effects in space , which “ run the gamut from increased to decreased reactions ” .
So , should astronauts be allowed to drink in space ?
“ It depends on the length of the mission and any cultural norms , ” says Jay Buckey , a former astronaut who studies space physiology at Dartmouth College in New Hampshire , US .
“ Mine was a very short mission , ” says Buckey , who spent 16 days aboard the space shuttle Columbia in 1998 .
“ I did n’t see any need for it . ”
Alcohol – Learn more in our comprehensive special report .
Libre Map Project
The original project is now closed .
This site is kept as an archive of the work .
The purpose of the Libre Map Project is to aggregate and make digital maps and related GIS data available for Free .
Data - search and download Maps and other GIS data
Documentation - information on Cartography and GIS related topics brought to you by Wikipedia .
Email us - maps AT libremap DOT org
Available Data
24 k scale USGS DRG's - detailed topographic maps for all 50 states .
SVG boundary border files for all US states ( including state , county , and town boundaries )
TIGER / Line - All 2003 data is available .
GeoNames - All USGS place names are available for searching .
The data can be used to find appropriate DRG's .
Is there such a thing as wisdom — a thing , stuff , an abstract entity — or are there only wise individuals and wise actions and attitudes , these latter not exclusively the possession of the individuals in question given that even fools can sometimes be wise ?
This question is a significant one , because it bears on the enterprise of “ wisdom studies , ” a parallel endeavour to the “ happiness studies ” now big in the neuropsychologically - informed social sciences .
( And there too the question has to be : is there such a thing as happiness , or only happy individuals and happy times and experiences , the latter not the exclusive property of the individuals in question , given that even the gloomiest of us can occasionally be happy ? )
If you aim to study wisdom , or happiness , presumably in the hope of finding out how we can all be wiser and happier , you had better be clear about the object of study ; and , as Stephen S. Hall ’s Wisdom : From Philosophy to Neuroscience shows , that is hard to do .
Hall is a science journalist with an attractively fluent , ebullient style and great enthusiasm for what he writes about .
His account of philosophical , psychological , and neuroscientific enquiry into the subject of wisdom — expanded from an article for the New York Times Magazine — races accessibly along from classical antiquity to the latest techniques in functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fMRI ) of the brain .
Armed with a dictionary of quotations and tape recordings from his interviews with researchers , he has tackled a highly interesting but difficult topic with gusto .
The question about Hall ’s book is — and this is not a criticism of Hall or his endeavour , but a comment on the complexity of the topic — whether the distance he travels is commensurate with the length of the reader ’s journey .
First there is the problem of defining wisdom .
This is where the opening question bites .
If the word “ wisdom ” is one of those nouns that misleads us into looking for an abstract entity ( like “ redness ” if such a thing is supposed to exist independently of individual red surfaces : the medieval Realists followed Plato in taking such a view , to the justified amusement of their opponents the Nominalists ) , then the whole enterprise has started on the wrong foot .
Part One of Hall ’s book is entitled “ Wisdom Defined ( Sort Of ) ” and the parenthetical caveat is itself an example of wisdom .
Hall ’s first and avowedly tentative attempt at a definition is as follows : “ Many definitions of wisdom converge on recurrent and common elements : humility , patience , and a clear - eyed , dispassionate view of human nature and the human predicament , as well as emotional resilience , an ability to cope with adversity , and an almost existential acknowledgement of ambiguity and the limitations of knowledge . ”
Note that this is not a definition of an abstract thing called wisdom but a sketch of the personality characteristics of what one might consider a typically wise individual .
Given that context makes the same action wise in one setting and foolish in another , one needs to know more to distinguish patience from passivity , dispassion from fence - sitting , emotional resilience from insensitivity , and so for the rest .
Generalities are fine : social scientific investigation needs to get to particulars .
Hall ’s whole effort is directed to getting at those particulars .
It would seem natural to inspect the biographies and personalities of individuals conventionally held to be wise .
Hall reports that a list of such was arrived at by the doubtfully reliable means of giving a questionnaire to members of the general public .
The result , apart from a couple of weird surprises , was predictably conventional : Gandhi , Confucius , Jesus Christ , Socrates , Mother Theresa , Solomon , the Buddha , the Pope , Oprah Winfrey , Winston Churchill , Nelson Mandela , Ann Landers , Queen Elizabeth II .
In my view a sturdy case can be made for just one of these as an exemplar of wisdom : Gautama Buddha .
Some of the others were smart , which is a different thing , but they did a wise thing or two as a result of being so .
( As for which , if any , of them were good : well , that is a question for a different time , and the answer is by no means straightforward . )
As both this and the first attempt at a definition show , the business of getting started on examining wisdom is very fraught : as the countryman said on being asked the route to a distant town , “ Well , I would n’t begin from here . ”
One big problem that infects the social scientific , and especially neuroscientific , study of diffuse and vaguely specified phenomena such as wisdom and happiness is that much of what happens in such study results in expensive and polysyllabic confirmation of what common sense and received wisdom long ago knew .
For example : the Stoics of antiquity were strongly in favour of something that was old hat even in their own day , namely , emphasizing the importance of managing one ’s emotions by thinking about why one feels them and what the consequences of their unconstrained expression might be .
By being reflective and considered , said the Stoics , one can attain “ ataraxia , ” which means “ peace of mind ” or emotional stability .
Now read Hall : “ even - keeled people — Davidson specifically refers to them as ’ emotionally resilient ’ — apparently used their pre-frontal cortex , the front part of the brain , which governs reasoning and executive control , to damp down activity in the amygdala , those twin almond - shaped regions deep in the brain that process emotional content . ”
A good deal else of what Hall reports from the coal - face of current research has this character — for example , that being optimistic is good for health , that older people are wiser than younger people because their awareness of the approach of life ’s end detaches them from distractions and trivialities — all thunderingly obvious .
The repetition of such insights in long technical words and after massively expensive fMRI brain scanning is not , though , entirely without point .
Leaving aside the necessary sceptical doubts about what fMRI actually shows — correlations mainly , which is not the same thing as causal explanation ; and most fMRI work is done on tiny samples of ( usually ) college students , the “ lab rats ” of this new discipline — the fact is that confirmation of received wisdom is by itself a gain .
And sometimes research on commonplace assumptions can , as Hall reports , overturn the latter : solitaries in old people ’s homes were once assumed to be in some kind of trouble because they were not engaging fully with others ; it turns out they can often be the more alert and intelligent ones , who are solitary by choice because they dislike the imposed conformity of life in an old age home .
That is just one example : others , of perhaps greater significance still , concern our beliefs about free will and decision making ; I will return to this point below .
First , though , one must point to another and quite general difficulty with contemporary research in the social and neurosciences , namely , a pervasive mistake about the nature of mind .
Minds are not brains .
Please note that I do not intend anything non-materialistic by this remark ; minds are not some ethereal spiritual stuff a la Descartes .
What I mean is that while each of us has his own brain , the mind that each of us has is the product of more than that brain ; it is in important part the result of the social interaction with other brains .
As essentially social animals , humans are nodes in complex networks from which their mental lives derive most of their content .
A single mind is , accordingly , the result of interaction between many brains , and this is not something that shows up on a fMRI scan .
The historical , social , educational , and philosophical dimensions of the constitution of individual character and sensibility are vastly more than the electrochemistry of brain matter by itself .
Neuroscience is an exciting and fascinating endeavour which is teaching us a great deal about brains and the way some aspects of mind are instantiated in them , but by definition it cannot ( and I do n’t for a moment suppose that it claims to ) teach us even most of what we would like to know about minds and mental life .
I think the Yale psychologist Paul Bloom put his finger on the nub of the issue in the March 25th number of Nature where he comments on neuropsychological investigation into the related matter of morality .
Neuroscience is pushing us in the direction of saying that our moral sentiments are hard - wired , rooted in basic reactions of disgust and pleasure .
Bloom questions this by the simple expedient of reminding us that morality changes .
He points out that “ contemporary readers of Nature , for example , have different beliefs about the rights of women , racial minorities and homosexuals compared with readers in the late 1800s , and different intuitions about the morality of practices such as slavery , child labour and the abuse of animals for public entertainment .
Rational deliberation and debate have played a large part in this development . ”
As Bloom notes , widening circles of contacts with other people and societies through a globalizing world plays a part in this , but it is not the whole story : for example , we give our money and blood to help strangers on the other side of the world .
“ What is missing , I believe , ” says Bloom , and I agree with him , “ is an understanding of the role of deliberate persuasion . ”
Contemporary psychology , and especially neuropsychology , ignores this huge dimension of the debate not through inattention but because it falls well outside its scope .
This is another facet of the point that mind is a social entity , of which it does not too far strain sense to say that any individual mind is the product of a community of brains .
This thought poses challenges for the enterprise Hall reports .
As mentioned , and as succeeding chapters of his book show , neuroscientific evidence sometimes does the reverse of confirming old common sense .
Instead , the research cumulatively suggests that free will , decision - making in uncertain circumstances , and our ability to override our impulse for immediate rewards in order to reap greater gains later are all different than we commonly assume .
FMRI scans suggest that ( for example ) decisions and choices are made quite some time ( seconds are eternities in neurology ) before we are ourselves conscious of them .
This research focuses on simple time - defined choices , and it records brain activity that seems to constitute the decision before the subject reports the decision himself .
Leave aside the fact that there are questions about what this research really shows , and note that no fMRI scan is going to track correlations and time - delays in brain activity associated with thinking about a marriage proposal or which college to apply to , as Hall himself is careful to acknowledge .
Put this together with the thought that mind is more than brain , and the scale of the task in understanding one desirable feature of mental life — the making of wise choices , the possession of wise attitudes — becomes yet more apparent .
Hall ’s final chapter is an extended recognition of this point , and ends by making gestures towards the irreducible “ mystery ” of wisdom .
But the complexity of the task does not entail that it is permanently unresolvable ; rather , it forces us to think afresh about what questions we are asking and what phenomena we are investigating .
If I were to say ( as I am inclined to ) that the wisdom of an individual consists in maturity , intelligence ( “ there is no method but to be intelligent , ” said T. S. Eliot ; Hall reports studies distinguishing intelligence from wisdom ) , and self - possession ( understood as resistance to blandishments from without and overweening appetites within ) , this would seem to indicate that wisdom relates to character and behaviour in a social setting , and that we are therefore more likely to learn about it from literature , history , and philosophy than from other sources .
This is not to downplay the importance of the new neurologically - informed social sciences , which are fascinating and promising in equal measure ; but it is to insist that all our studies need to connect with all our other studies , and that some of them might merit still taking the lead even though others now have superb new machines to aid them .
I suspect that Hall shares this view ; which is the most interesting implication of his book .
' Stressed ' Fabregas examining legal options to push through move from Arsenal to Barcelona
PHILADELPHIA -- Travis
Wood was three outs away from nine perfect innings .
Against Phillies ace Roy Halladay , that was n't even enough for a win .
Wood took a perfect game into the ninth before giving up Carlos Ruiz 's leadoff double , and Philadelphia stunned the Cincinnati Reds again by winning 1 - 0 Saturday night on Jimmy Rollins ' RBI single in the 11th .
" That 's why you come out and play 'em until it 's over , " Phillies manager Charlie Manuel said .
" You put everything into it . "
Making his third big league start , Wood dominated Philadelphia 's injury - depleted lineup and matched zeros for nine innings with Halladay , who threw a perfect game of his own May 29 in Florida .
The 23 - year - old left - hander was trying for the third perfecto in the majors this year -- not to mention the one Detroit right - hander Armando Galarraga was denied because of a missed call at first base by umpire Jim Joyce .
The only other time there have been two perfect games in one season was 1880 .
Ruiz , just off the disabled list , opened the ninth with a line drive to deep left - center that landed cleanly in the alley .
Wood stayed in , however , and worked out of the jam .
Pinch - hitter Wilson Valdez fouled out trying to bunt , pinch - hitter Raul Ibanez flied out and Rollins fouled out , sending the scoreless game to extra innings .
That was it for Wood , who struck out eight and walked none while throwing 74 of 109 pitches for strikes .
He was relieved by Nick Masset in the 10th .
" I tried not to think about it too much , " Wood said .
" I just tried to go after one hitter at a time and not think about it .
I 'd take the pitch back to Ruiz .
Maybe make it a little better . "
With one out in the 11th , Ruiz hit another double , this one off Bill Bray ( 0 - 1 ) .
Valdez was intentionally walked and pinch - hitter Ross Gload flied out before Rollins lined a single to right off Logan Ondrusek , easily scoring Ruiz .
" We battled .
It just was n't our night , " Wood said .
" We 're putting together good ballgames , we 're just coming up a little bit short . "
It 's the first time the Phillies have had three straight walk - off wins in extra innings .
They scored six times in the ninth to tie the game Friday night and won on Ryan Howard 's two - run homer in the 10th .
Brian Schneider hit a game - ending homer in the 12th on Thursday night , also against the NL Central - leading Reds .
" The last two days have been tough to take , " Reds manager Dusty Baker said .
Jose Contreras ( 4 - 3 ) earned the victory in this one by striking out two in a scoreless inning .
Beaten out for the fifth starter 's job by Mike Leake in spring training , Wood returned to take the rotation spot previously held by Homer Bailey and Sam LeCure .
" I got sent down and I just went down there and got my stuff together , " Wood said .
" Just did what I had to do to get back up here . "
Wood , who made his big league debut July 1 against the Chicago Cubs , went to three balls only three times Saturday -- to Ben Francisco , Cody Ransom and Jayson Werth .
Before the ninth , the closest the Phillies came to a hit was in the fourth , when third baseman Miguel Cairo jumped to snag Shane Victorino 's liner .
Francisco lined a ball hard in the eighth , but right at left fielder Jonny Gomes .
" Their guys pitched equally well , " Wood said .
Halladay struck out nine and walked one in his last outing before he heads to the All - Star game .
His ERA dropped to 2.19 .
He knew all about the pressure Wood experienced during his attempt at perfection .
" It 's obviously a close game and you want to keep it that way and put as much pressure on them as you can , " Halladay said .
" It 's probably a lot harder going in 0 - 0 then if you have a lead .
We kept the pressure on . "
Colorado's Ubaldo Jimenez and Arizona 's Edwin Jackson also have thrown no-hitters this season .
Tom Browning is the only Reds pitcher to pitch a perfect game , when he beat the Dodgers 1 - 0 on Sept. 16 , 1988 .
Browning was also the last Reds pitcher to toss nine scoreless innings and get a no-decision .
Halladay denied the Reds any real chance to score , allowing five hits in nine innings .
He let only one runner reach third base , but escaped that jam by striking out Ryan Hanigan and Wood .
" To have a well - pitched game against us and still come out with a win is huge , " Halladay said .
Game notes
C Dane Sardinha was designated for assignment before the game to make roster room for Ruiz . ... Phillies 3B Placido Polanco will head to Clearwater , Fla. , on Sunday and begin a minor league rehab assignment .
...
Reds 3B Scott Rolen missed his second straight game with a stiff back .
The Wachowskis , the siblings who directed The Matrix , have begun casting their latest project , CN9 .
There 's still plenty of mystery surrounding it , as Cinematical notes :
" Production Weekly took to Twitter to report that casting on the film has begun .
There 's not a wealth of information out there about CN9 — in fact , all we really know for sure at this point is that it 's going to be a " hard - R war picture about a homosexual American soldier who falls in love with an Iraqi . "
But , before you assume it 's just Brokeback Mountain set in the Middle East , consider that CN9 could stand for the ninth cranial nerve ( it does in medical terminology ) , which is the nerve responsible for receiving information from the tongue , middle ear , and tonsils according to website Playlist .
When you do that , the site suggests that it does n't seem like a stretch to picture the filmmaking duo once again venturing into the world of strange alternate realities and sci-fi .
Of course , people could be reading this totally wrong — CN9 might stand for something entirely different .
That 's the thing , at this point no one really knows . "
On another note , can anybody fill us in on whether Larry Wachowski did indeed complete a male - to - female gender transition ?
The general info out there appears to still be unclear .
Ever since HTC released its version of Google ’s Nexus One , the Desire , people have wondered why Google have n’t given the N1 any FM Radio capability .
The HTC Desire uses the same Broadcom chipset as the Nexus One , so why does one have FM Radio and the other does n't ?
Official Word
Asked about this at their I/O conference , a Google rep said the company had no plans to bring FM Radio to the Nexus One and told everyone to turn to the hacking community for support , as there are a number of custom ROMs out there for the device .
Android Community Steps In
After six months of waiting , it appears that our wishes have finally come true , as a member at xda-developers , named intersectRaven , has released a kernel which , when utilized by ROM developers , gives us FM support on our Nexus Ones !
What ’s The Difference Between a Kernel and a ROM ?
Now , before everyone gets super excited and hunts down a download link , it ’s important to differentiate between a kernel , which is what we ’re talking about here , and a ROM , which is a full Android image that you ’ll flash on to your phone .
Although you ca n’t physically see a kernel in action on your phone , like you can the user interface of the operating system , it is the heart of our Android OS - a very important " chunk " of code that manages the various resources , such as the processor , memory , and input / output devices .
Why is this important for the FM Radio to work ?
Well , the modified kernel that ’s being talked about here allows a ROM to access FM Radio functionality on the Nexus One .
This means that soon enough , your favorite ROMs should be capable of working with the FM receiver , so you can listen to FM radio without having to worry about your signal dropping out on internet radio .
Is This Limited to Specific ROMs ?
With there being so many different , custom ROMs out there , everyone ’s using slightly different software on their phone .
The question that many people are asking is whether this modified kernel will be compatible with the ROM that they use .
Of course , this is down to the developers of the ROM to implement , but it ’s technically possible for this to be available on ROMs , such as the popular CyanogenMod , in no time , meaning that you could be listening to FM Radio on your Nexus sooner than you think .
Paul O’Brien , from Modaco forums , has already tweeted the fact that he ’s working on the next version of his Sense UI port for the Nexus One ( version r23 ) , with FM radio working using the kernel provided by intersectRaven , so keep an eye out for that one , too .
We ’ll be sure to let you know when we find a ROM available for download with the FM radio enabled , so watch this space !
Source : xda-developers , via tip by demo d
Dear Cecil :
Why do women shave their legs and underarms ?
When did this custom begin ?
If it 's for hygienic reasons , why do n't men to it too ?
Is it all a big conspiracy by the razor companies ?
I 've heard some European women do n't shave .
Please clarify this mystery .
A. , Chicago
Cecil replies :
I knew if I procrastinated long enough on this often - asked question somebody would eventually do the legwork for me .
Sure enough , Pete Cook of Chicago has sent me a 1982 article from the Journal of American Culture by Christine Hope bearing the grand title “ Caucasian Female Body Hair and American Culture . ”
The gist of the article is that U.S. women were browbeaten into shaving underarm hair by a sustained marketing assault that began in 1915 .
( Leg hair came later . )
The aim of what Hope calls the Great Underarm Campaign was to inform American womanhood of a problem that till then it did n’t know it had , namely unsightly underarm hair .
To be sure , women had been concerned about the appearance of their hair since time immemorial , but ( sensibly ) only the stuff you could see .
Prior to World War I this meant scalp and , for an unlucky few , facial hair .
Around 1915 , however , sleeveless dresses became popular , opening up a whole new field of female vulnerability for marketers to exploit .
According to Hope , the underarm campaign began in May , 1915 , in Harper ’s Bazaar , a magazine aimed at the upper crust .
The first ad “ featured a waist - up photograph of a young woman who appears to be dressed in a slip with a toga - like outfit covering one shoulder .
Her arms are arched over her head revealing perfectly clear armpits .
The first part of the ad read ‘ Summer Dress and Modern Dancing combine to make necessary the removal of objectionable hair . ' ”
Within three months , Cook tells us , the once - shocking term “ underarm ” was being used .
A few ads mentioned hygiene as a motive for getting rid of hair , but most appealed strictly to the ancient yearning to be hip .
“ The Woman of Fashion says the underarm must be as smooth as the face , ” read a typical pitch .
The budding obsession with underarm hair drifted down to the proles fairly slowly , roughly matching the widening popularity of sheer and sleeveless dresses .
Antiarm hair ads began appearing in middlebrow McCall ’s in 1917 .
Women ’s razors and depilatories did n’t show up in the Sears Roebuck catalog until 1922 , the same year the company began offering dresses with sheer sleeves .
By then the underarm battle was largely won .
Advertisers no longer felt compelled to explain the need for their products but could concentrate simply on distinguishing themselves from their competitors .
The anti-leg hair campaign was more fitful .
The volume of leg ads never reached the proportions of the underarm campaign .
Women were apparently more ambivalent about calling attention to the lower half of their anatomy , perhaps out of fear that doing so would give the male of the species ideas in a way that naked underarms did n’t .
Besides , there was n’t much practical need for shaved legs .
After rising in the 1920s , hemlines dropped in the 30s and many women were content to leave their leg hair alone .
Still , some advertisers as well as an increasing number of fashion and beauty writers harped on the idea that female leg hair was a curse .
Though Hope does n’t say so , what may have put the issue over the top was the famous WWII pinup of Betty Grable displaying her awesome gams .
Showing off one ’s legs became a patriotic act .
That plus shorter skirts and sheer stockings , which looked dorky with leg hair beneath , made the anti-hair pitch an easy sell .
Some argue that there ’s more to this than short skirts and sleeveless dresses .
Cecil ’s colleague Marg Meikle ( Dear Answer Lady , 1992 ) notes that Greek statues of women in antiquity had no pubic hair , suggesting that hairlessness was some sort of ideal of feminine beauty embedded in Western culture .
If so , a lot of Western culture never got the message .
Greek women today ( and Mediterranean women generally ) do n’t shave their hair .
The practice has been confined largely to English - speaking women of North America and Great Britain , although one hears it ’s slowly spreading elsewhere .
So what ’s the deal with Anglo - Saxons ?
Some lingering vestige of Victorian prudery ?
Good question , but what with world unrest , the economic crisis , and the little researchers having missed their naps , not high on Cecil ’s priority list .
Here ’s hoping some all - but - thesis Ph.D. candidate will pick up the trail .
Cecil Adams
Send questions to Cecil via cecil@straightdope.com .
Image caption Indoor air pollution by Kerosene fumes kills 1.5 m people per year
The developers of a solar lamp that aims to replace kerosene - burning lights in developing countries have won a prestigious environmental award .
D Light Design says its lanterns , which sell for $ 10 - 45 ( £ 7-30 ) , contribute to the reduction of carbon emissions .
One of the runners - up for the Ashden Award for Sustainable Energy was the Rural Energy Foundation ( REF ) for promoting solar energy in Africa .
More than 70 % of sub-Saharan Africa has no access to electricity .
D Light takes home the £ 40,000 ( $ 61,000 ) Gold Award , for " its passion and dedication to the cause of ridding the developing world of the health and pollution problems associated with the use of kerosene lighting " , the judges said .
The company , set up by US entrepreneurs , says indoor air pollution by Kerosene fumes kills 1.5 m people per year .
One of the entrepreneurs said : " This will do to kerosene what mobile phones did to letters . "
" The judges were particularly impressed with their highly effective marketing strategy which has put solar lighting within reach of over a million people in 32 countries with significant potential for further expansion , " the Ashden Awards said in a statement .
According to the awards body , in three years REF has helped 300,000 people in nine Africa countries gain access to solar energy .
SILVERTON — Authorities say a 33 - year - old Denver man suspected of drinking and driving survived after he lost control of his car and it dropped almost 500 feet off the side of a road .
The Colorado State Patrol said Anthoney L. Buckner seemed to be in “ amazingly good condition ” after rescuers pulled him up from the crash site Thursday .
Trooper Jonathan Silver said Buckner ’s 1990 Toyota hatchback was “ pretty mangled , ” and that Buckner may have been saved by wearing a seat belt .
Silver said Buckner was driving on slick roads up Red Mountain Pass near Silverton when the accident happened .
The Associated Press
( CNN ) --
The foreign affairs chief for the European Union said Saturday the alliance is committed to Palestinian statehood and to improving the situation in Gaza .
Catherine Ashton met in Ramallah , West Bank , Saturday with Palestinian Authority Prime Minister Salam Fayyad .
Ashton confirmed the EU 's strong commitment to both the Palestinian Authority and to a " democratic and viable Palestinian state . "
Statehood is " critical " for any lasting peace in the region , she said .
Ashton announced the allocation of 40 million euros ( $ 52 million ) in direct financial support from the EU to the Palestinian Authority .
She said that the EU will consider further financial support in a few months .
She called on Israel to fully implement its revised policy toward Gaza , announced in the wake of public outcry over a deadly incident involving pro-Palestinian activists last month .
She said the new policy -- which would allow more goods into Gaza -- was necessary to improve the lives of people in Gaza .
Ashton also announced the launch of a joint recovery program which aims to support private sector development in Gaza territory in order to revitalize the economy .
Ashton called on Palestinians to overcome their differences in order to build their own state and said she would like to see the Palestinian Authority return to Gaza .
Ashton travels to Gaza Sunday , where she will meet with officials from the United Nations Relief and Works Agency .
Ashton is also expected to tour several areas that were hit hard during Israel 's conflict with Hamas in late 2008 and early 2009 .
One of those stops will be at a refugee camp school that human rights activists say was hit by white phosphorus shells , fired by Israeli forces , during the conflict .
Israel denies that white phosphorus was used .
Ashton is in the Middle East for a three - day visit .
She will leave the region on Monday .
Her trip corresponds with a visit by U.S. envoy George Mitchell , who is pushing for Israeli - Palestinian direct peace talks .
Mitchell met Saturday with Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas , chief Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erakat and other Palestinian officials .
The meeting comes a day after Mitchell talked with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu .
CNN 's Kareem Khadder contributed to this report .
Albrecht von Haller ( anatomist ) ; C.J. Rollinus ( artist ) ; Gottingen , 1756 .
Copperplate engraving .
National Library of Medicine
The origins of anatomical illustration–roughly parallel to the invention of the printing press in the 15th century –could n’t be farther from the medical illustrations in the anatomy textbooks we know today .
The internal depictions of human bodies , with its constant revision throughout history , almost reminds one of the radical changes that have occurred , and continue to occur , in the history of art .
Frederik Ruysch ( 1638 - 1731 ) ( anatomist ) ; Amsterdam , 1744 .
Etching with engraving .
National Library of Medicine
With today ’s advanced technology and imaging devices , we have the tools to represent the greatest accuracy possible in human anatomy .
As a side note , however , this does n’t mean that technical illustration is forever banished from the category of art .
Some highly - skilled technical illustrators produce what can only be described as art .
I ’m thinking of the sublime biological illustrations of Ernst Haeckel .
Charles Estienne ( 1504 - ca. 1564 ) ( author ) ; Étienne de la Rivière ( d. 1569 ) ( anatomist ] Paris , 1546 .
Woodcut .
But let ’s return to our initial discussion of the beginnings of anatomical illustration .
The key to remember here is how closely anatomical imagery and illustration in the early days was essentially a form of art .
The dominant style of these drawings and prints is incredibly fantastical .
The graphic compositions reveal truly imaginative exercises in detailing the unknown human interior , and then going further to embellish the principal subject with elaborate frames , various types of iconography , and also mythological elements .
The backgrounds , scenes , and settings in these works serve as “ metaphoric echoes ” , enriching the anatomical depiction while simultaneously conveying the anatomist ’s view of nature .
Giulio Casserio ( ca. 1552-1616 ) ( anatomist ) , Odoardo Fialetti ( artist ) , Venice , 1627 .
Copperplate engraving .
This is about the evolution of a science ( anatomy ) that developed in large part from a visual , speculative , and artistic study of the unknown human body .
The Dream Anatomy Website , founded by the National Library of Medicine , describes how anatomical imagery grew out of a spectrum of oddly non-representational , non-realistic elements : “ whimsical , surreal , beautiful , and grotesque . ”
Bernhard Siegfried Albinus ( 1697 - 1770 ) ( anatomist ) , Jan Wandelaar ( 1690 - 1759 ) ( artist ) , London , 1749
The practice of human dissection in the early European medical schools allowed anatomists greater technical insight into the structure of the human body .
What occurred as a result–specifically in terms of anatomical illustration –was a new emphasis on technical precision .
The Dream Anatomy Website describes a
brilliant and dreamlike hyper- aestheticism that showed off , with great artistry , a more sophisticated knowledge and heightened perception of the boundaries and surfaces of the body .
Bernardino Genga ( 1636 ?-1734 ? ) ( anatomist ) Charles Errard ( 1609 ? - 1689 ) ( artist ) , Rome , 1691 .
Copperplate engraving .
The one motif that seems to recur throughout the history of anatomical illustration is death .
But it is important to note that once anatomy became an established science ( around 1800 ) , the motif disappeared from medical textbooks and resurfaced instead in traditional works of art .
Francesco Bertinatti ( fl. mid-1800s ) ( anatomist ) , Mecco Leone ( artist ) , Turin , 1837 - 39 .
Lithograph .
In fact , anatomy in art grew into a sub - genre that persists to this day .
The above lithograph is an example of how artists borrow freely from scientific illustrations while simultaneously employing “ vivid , playful , and eccentric images . ” ( 1 )
Fritz Kahn ( 1888 - 1968 ) ( author ) , Stuttgart , 1926 .
Relief halftone .
The work of early 20th century author Fritz Kahn took metaphors from industrial society and modernization and combined them with visual depictions of the human body .
The artwork aims to describe the complexity of the modern world as it operates , impacts , and is reflected in human anatomy .
Andreas Vesalius ( 1514 - 1564 ) ( anatomist ) Stephen van Calcar and the Workshop of Titian ( artists ) Basel , 1543 .
Woodcut .
What excites me most about the era between 1450 and 1750 is that the boundaries were not defined .
The term “ dream anatomy ” seems to perfectly describe a science that was not science , and an art that was not art .
I would like to thank the Dream Anatomy Website and the National Library of Medicine for providing me with the information and images that made this article possible .
Thanks to Das Ding an Sich for finding this the Dream Anatomy Gallery !
I ’m the editor of Escape into Life , online arts journal .
BOOTHVILLE , Louisiana ( Reuters ) - A massive ship converted into a “ super skimmer ” has arrived in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico to assist with cleanup of the BP oil spill , a government spokeswoman said Thursday .
The 1,100 - foot ( 335 meter ) - long ore and oil carrier , dubbed the “ A Whale , ” is being provided by the owner , TMT Shipping of Taiwan , and can collect 500,000 barrels ( 21 million gallons ) per day of contaminated water , said Chris Coulon , a spokeswoman for the joint incident command .
Financial arrangements of the deal to provide the ship were not immediately available .
Coulon said it had not been contracted but added that BP Plc might begin formal contract negotiations if the ship proved to be useful .
The gray and rust - colored tanker , which has a large blue whale painted on its funnel , was converted in mid-June in Portugal to skim spilled oil from the sea but needs to be evaluated by the Coast Guard and others for use in the Gulf .
It rested at anchor in the Mississippi River north of Venice , Louisiana on Thursday .
Three horizontal slits used to skim oil were visible at water level on the tanker ’s port side .
The ship has been described as a “ super skimmer ” because it can scoop up millions of gallons of oily water mix every day , much more than skimming vessels already in use .
Rough seas and winds caused by Hurricane Alex , which went ashore in northeastern Mexico late Wednesday , were delaying plans to test the new skimmer .
“ They ca n’t do their testing until the weather has died down , ” Coulon said .
“ They are in close contact with ship owners to proceed with testing as soon as the weather permits . ”
At a White House briefing on Thursday , Retired Coast Guard Admiral Thad Allen , the government ’s point man for the spill response , said he had “ high hopes ” for the new skimmer .
About 500 skimmers were in operation prior to the halt of skimming operations as Alex threatened .
At the peak , 650 such vessels were in operation .
More than 28 million gallons of oily water mix have been picked up since the beginning of the spill about two and a half months ago , and the cleanup rate has picked up recently .
The total a month ago was about 14 million gallons .
Oil from BP ’s blown - out well began spewing into the waters off Louisiana after an oil rig exploded on April 20 , killing 11 workers .
The iPhone 4 vs. HTC EVO video making the rounds has gotten 1.7 million views , but when Best Buy found out it was their employee that made the video , they were n't so much amused as angry .
Advertisement
Corporate asked them to take the video down , but the employee Brian Maupin declined , saying that it did n't mention Best Buy anywhere .
( It also did n't mention Best Buy in the description either . )
But Best Buy suspended him , and now might be fired , claims NBC Action News .
Hey Best Buy guy .
Email us .
You do n't need to work at Best Buy when you can make funny stuff like this for the internet .
[ NBC Action News ]
It is 16 September 2008 on a cool , overcast day in Canberra , and a brief silence has settled over the Australian Senate as the chamber awaits the next speaker — another new Senator giving their maiden address .
When the newly elected arises from his chair ( wearing a conservative black suit and a blue tie ) and starts talking , he gets going slowly and respectfully , acknowledging the traditional Aboriginal owners of the land Parliament House stands on , as well as his political lineage and his parents , who are in the gallery listening .
But after a few minutes he changes tack , starting to speak of the world ’s current situation and its possible path forward .
As the speech goes on , it becomes clear that his words are conjuring up a future vision in which the right kinds of technology are used to deliver the right kinds of human outcomes , while the wrong kinds are left on the scrapheap of history as being inefficient and outmoded .
The speech is peppered with words like “ Pelton generators ” , hot rocks technology , “ large solar thermal plants ” , “ world - class broadband ” , “ fast , affordable mass transit ” .
And the speaker quotes his favourite author , legendary cyberpunk author William Gibson ( author of Neuromancer and other cyberpunk novels ) , who famously said : “ The future is here .
It ’s just not widely distributed yet . ”
The Senator appears to wonder what the human race might become if we harnessed our engineering potential , our skill with tools , in a much better way than we currently are — a way that would not be inherently harmful to our planet .
He ends with a call to arms :
“ We know that the media dines out on the spectacle of conflict and abuse which our Westminster system seems to imply , ” he says “ But in my very short time here it is already apparent that a vast amount of what the Senate does is based on collaboration , hard work and a certain grudging respect for different points of view . ”
“ I really look forward to working with you as we bring our collective efforts , wisdom and good grace to bear on the challenges which confront us all . ”
To those who have only started to follow Scott Ludlam ‘s career closely over the past few months it must seem that the new Greens Senator from Western Australia has come from nowhere to become the pivotal point around which much of the Parliamentary action around the Federal Government ’s telecommunications policies is revolving , in his role as Greens communications spokesperson .
But you can see the groundwork being laid for action as far back as that maiden speech .
This is because although the speech does build visions of a better future for humanity , its tone is not frivolous .
Instead , the speech is delivered with a kind of cool implacability .
A kind of quiet , relentless determination to see that vision realised , no matter how many obstacles stand in the way .
The speaker is not a hothead .
He contains an extremely slow burning fire within his modest frame .
The speech does n’t build castles in the air .
It builds castles on the ground that will slowly but surely reach the air .
Right back to the start
In a telephone interview last week , Ludlam says he asked for the communications portfolio when the then - six Federal Greens senators ( there are now five , with the departure of Kerry Nettle ) got together to re-shuffle the party ’s portfolios at the beginning of 2008 .
“ It ’s a field that I ’m obviously interested in and have enjoyed a lot , ” he said .
Ludlam says he had a little bit of a background in telecommunications — “ not quite to the degree of the issues that we ’re involved in now , obviously ” , courtesy of his time running a web development studio in the mid-1990 ’s , “ when such things were kind of fashionable ” .
The politician holds a Bachelor ’s Degree in Design from Curtin University and is now 39 years old — he would have been in his mid-20 ’s during the 1990 ’s internet boom .
“ I ’m really interested in the future of the internet — the way that it ’s reshaping society as it is , ” he adds .
“ It ’s a really fascinating domain to study and be a practitioner in . ”
Interest in the broader telecommunications debate stemmed from this source .
Ludlam says even back at that stage , he was aware that a Senate Select Committee had been established to look into the Federal Government ’s much - debated National Broadband Network policy , which in 2008 was still focused on the first $ 4.7 billion tender , abandoned in favour of a wider policy in April 2009 .
“ As far as I was concerned , that was exactly the sort of thing I wanted to get my teeth into , ” he says , pointing out telecommunications is particularly important in Australia — “ a country of 20 - odd million people , perched on the rim of a continent with half of the world ’s population , many of them speaking different languages ” .
“ Technologies can help us solve sustainability challenges at home , and they ’re obviously having a really important impact on human rights debates and social justice , pro-democracy movements in other parts of the world , ” he adds .
It would n’t be long before Ludlam was thrust into the dynamic daily debate around the Australian telecommunications sector .
The Senator took his seat in Parliament on 1 July 2008 .
Shortly after came the maiden speech in September .
But it was in October that year that Ludlam really started to switch up into a higher gear .
He remembers one day in particular as being an inflexion point for him personally .
It was his second day on a Senate Estimates Committee examining Communications Minister Stephen Conroy ’s portfolio .
The topic ?
The internet filter .
“ I actually felt like a bit of an innocent walking into it , not really knowing where they were going , having this fascinating exchange with Conroy that went out on the wires , and helped ignite this stage of the net filter debate that is still kind of boiling away a year and half later , ” Ludlam says .
“ That was a real turning point for me , because it opened up , in a way , a debate that had been sitting under a rock , or a proposal that had been bubbling along fairly quietly … that suddenly had a bit of a spotlight shone on it . ”
Instantly Ludlam ’s public profile started to shift upwards as he started to become a lightning rod for opposition to the filter plan , appearing , for example , on Triple J’s Hack program to comment on the filter issue .
On that program , Ludlam was the last to be quoted , with his views being put forward after those of Conroy , Family First Senator Steve Fielding and independent Nick Xenophon .
But even in that recording , Ludlam comes across as surprisingly erudite on an issue which received only cursory attention in the broadcast from the other parties — he raises the worry that small special interest groups might be able to pressurise the Government to get certain sites blacklisted .
You can track the evolution of Ludlam ’s thinking about the filter process .
Even in February 2009 , Twitter was still viewed by most in the political sphere as something of an afterthought — a necessary evil that their press secretaries could probably take care of for them .
But in an editorial on 16 February that year Ludlam was pointing out that “ the interwebs never sleep ” and that much of the internet filter debate was happening on Twitter .
“ Senator Conroy is trapped by something akin to a virtual hydra — every time he “ responds ” to one piece of criticism , numerous other more refined , more powerful and more targeted arguments arise from all sides , ” he wrote .
The editorial was published by the ABC .
Ludlam himself Twitters at @ SenatorLudlam — he has around 1,500 followers and follows about the same number of people .
In that editorial Ludlam condemned the filter and attempted to change the nature of the debate from what would n’t work in terms of protecting people from objectionable material online to what would , noting that concerns about internet safety were justified , although an internet filter was not the right solution .
“ How do we empower parents to make the best choices for their families , and law enforcement agencies to prosecute the creators and distributors of the worst material trafficked over the internet ? ” he asked .
This approach is reflective of the Senator ’s own beliefs about the fundamental nature of the internet — he ’s interested not just in its positive transformative power , but also what he calls its “ dark side ” .
“ The internet , I suppose , is a reflection of human society , ” he says .
“ It reflects the best of us and the worst of us .
It reflects the pro-democracy aspirations of people taking enormous risks , in service to their community , and it also exposes the epidemic of sexualised violence in society — violence against children , violence against women . ”
“ The really predatory underbelly of human society naturally exists online , because in a way it ’s reflecting all the different dimensions of the human character . ”
Ludlam says he does n’t believe technology is going to be a ‘ panacea ’ that will solve all of humanity ’s problems , because it can be put to many different uses .
In this sense Ludlam is somewhat frustrated by the tendency for society to have what he calls “ proxy debates ” which do n’t delve into the real issues .
The internet filter debate , he points out , is a debate about a certain technology — when there is a need for a much deeper and more interesting conversation about violence in society .
Grinding
Back in the Senate , Ludlam ’s experience on his first Estimates Committee quickly taught him a number of lessons about the way the environment works .
He points out that 99 percent of people on the street have never heard of the various Senate Committees , but that there is a lot that can be done with such accountability mechanisms built into the parliament , which have been set up over the years at “ great personal cost ” .
Ludlam has also won a role on the National Broadband Network Senate Select Committee ( from February 2009 ) and was in March this year appointed to the Joint Select Committee on Cyber - Safety .
Being on the NBN Committee gave him access to to some of the best thinkers in the world on broadband , he says — those he agrees with , and those who he disagrees with .
Although he notes the committee was set up by the Coalition for “ quite politicised reasons ” , it has helped him in grappling with the complexity of the telecommunications portfolio .
He says he has worked with everyone , from Telstra lobbyists to representatives of rival carriers such as the Competitive Carriers ’ Coalition and end users groups like ACANN and ATUG .
Most of the interesting discussions happen behind closed doors , but he has also learnt from what he describes as “ a really lively technology press ” that is “ pretty well informed and pulls no punches ” .
If you watch Ludlam in the Senate — during question time , in committees or otherwise — you can see him utilising the accountability mechanisms available to him and aspects of the environment that are sometimes overlooked .
For example , the Greens Senator makes great use of questions on notice .
When written questions on notice are directed from senators to ministers and other senators , the questions are forwarded to their offices and to departments , where replies are then drafted and appear later on in Hansard and are delivered to the Senator who originally asked them .
Thus , you ’ll often see responses popping up in the press or on Ludlam ’s web site from Ministers in response to questions Ludlam has asked — but at odd times , due to the reply delay .
On the actual Senate floor , Ludlam usually presents a calm and methodical exterior ( see the video below ) , insisting on his speaking rights as a Senator but also bringing Ministers and other Senators back on topic when required , with the assistance of the President of the Senate — whether it be on telecommunications issues or other areas such as Australia ’s relationship with Burma .
In the interview , he says that every parliamentarian has a different style —
“ Some people are very forensic , some people appear to be using it as theatre , ” he says , while some “ seem to be using it as some strange form of personal therapy . ”
“ Personally I try to take the approach of respecting most people in that debate , ” Ludlam says of the Senate chamber .
He notes that while you can call politicians all kinds of things , you generally do n’t get to take a place in the Senate chamber if you ’re stupid .
Hence , Ludlam believes it ’s not worth burning bridges with too many people .
“ My personal style does n’t involve too much name - calling , ” he says .
One of the reasons this can be effective , he says , is that senators are around for a long time in Australia ’s upper house compared with the House of Representatives — a Senate term is normally six years , so it ’s worth getting to know people , and you have enough time to settle into a portfolio without worrying too much about the next election in three or so years .
Ludlam says he draws inspiration from “ good teachers ” in his life — his Greens Senate colleagues have shared a lot of their experiences with him .
He especially mentions Bob Brown , Greens Leader and long - standing Tasmanian Senator , as having “ a lot of grace ” in the chamber .
Other teachers have been Greens WA state parliamentarian Robin Chapple and former WA Federal Senator Jo Vallentine , who , he says , have taught Ludlam not to take the whole thing too seriously .
“ It is serious business , and people ’s lives are impacted by what goes on in that chamber , but if you took the personal stuff too seriously , I think you ’d just wind up a bit of a wreck , ” he says .
The Senator says seeing some of the shenanigans in the Senate Chamber is a reminder that after being in that environment for a long time , people get “ ground down ” and lose perspective on the wider world .
Greens policy itself is set by the party as a whole ( especially being reviewed around the electoral cycle ) , with Ludlam emphasising the collaborative process which ends up becoming policy , where propositions are accepted from “ right across the party ” and ideas are tested .
The Senator says most of his involvement has n’t been in testing Greens policy , but instead in engaging directly with issues in Parliament .
He describes his role as partially being a spokesperson for his portfolios , but also partly having a decision - making capacity .
One example where there is current debate within the party is on the contentious proposal to create a R18 + classification for video games , which would allow violent games to sell in Australia without being modified from overseas markets .
Ludlam says there are “ pretty strongly divergent ” views within the Greens about the issue , and “ some truth on both sides ” .
First blood
Perhaps Ludlam ’s biggest victory so far in the Senate has been forcing Conroy to release the controversial $ 25 million National Broadband Network implementation study which the Government received from consulting firms McKinsey and KPMG in February .
According to its original brief , the implementation study will determine the operating arrangements for the NBN Company , as well as detailing network design and financial details — for example , attracting private sector investment .
Ludlam had threatened to pull the party ’s support for the Federal Government ’s controversial telecommunications reform legislation which could see Telstra broken up , due to Conroy ’s decision not to release the study .
At the time , Ludlam warned the Government was “ basically burning the goodwill of the crossbenches ” .
Conroy is yet to release the study , although he has promised to table it before the May Federal budget .
But the move starkly demonstrated the power of the Greens ’ five Senators when they team up with the Opposition on specific matters , and shifted Ludlam to the forefront of telecommunications industry consciousness due to his pivotal role in the matter .
The video footage of Ludlam calmly but resolutely demanding the Government hand over the study — in the intermissions between loud and outraged debate between Conroy and now - resigned Opposition Senate heavyweight Nick Minchin over the telco legislation — will likely remain in the collective consciousness of Australia ’s telecommunications industry for some time .
Ludlam says it was easier dealing with the Opposition on communications issues when Minchin was Shadow Communications Minister .
“ He had very strong views , many of which I disagreed with , but at least he ’d take a position , and he ’d take it up to Stephen Conroy , says Ludlam .
“ And there was a good contest there — we feel we played a valuable role and made it a bit of a three - cornered issue . ”
Since Tony Smith took over the portfolio following the ascension of Tony Abbott over Malcolm Turnbull as Opposition Leader , Ludlam adds , the Greens have n’t heard much from the Opposition .
“ I would n’t describe it as difficult — we just ignore them now , ” he says , noting that if the Opposition chose to make itself irrelevant in the portfolio , it became more of a problem when the debate turned tactical — as it currently has done in the Senate , with the Opposition blocking most legislation the Government attempts to put up .
For Ludlam , the debate in the Senate about the Telstra legislation is important , because there is a chance to work through the problems of the telecommunications industry and get past the “ corporate self - interest ” of both Telstra and its rivals and to real solutions for consumers .
He believes the sooner the Government and NBN Co finish their negotiations with Telstra about how and under what terms the telco will move customers and infrastructure into the National Broadband Network , the better , as that will herald the point where the debate can move forward .
However , in Ludlam ’s view , with the magnitude of taxpayers ’ money on the table , the NBN Co should n’t eventually be privatised like Telstra was , as it provides essential services .
“ This sector is not operating for the benefit of corporations — it ’s there for people , ” he says .
“ They day they privatised Telstra , we lost the ability to get the executives , and get the board in to estimates hearings for example , to scrutinise the budget , to ask the hard questions . ”
With legislation around the National Broadband Network , Telstra and most especially the internet filter ahead in the next six months , it seems as if Ludlam has grabbed ahold of a policy bronco in the telecommunications portfolio — it is likely to provide more than few bumps and pitfalls along the way .
But he is clear in his goals .
“ I ’d like to see the net filter dead before the election , ” he says .
“ That would be something worth doing — if we can knock that proposal on the head and come back with a much more balanced discussion . ”
With that out of the way , he says , the real debate about how to protect children online can emerge , without the taint of censorship in the way .
With the Opposition not yet having espoused a clear policy on the internet filter project , it may take until Conroy files the filter legislation before the debate on that issue will fully happen .
Ludlam also wants to push for a lot more clarity around the NBN process , including the swirling vortex that includes Conroy , Telstra , NBN Co and even the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission .
His long - term future , however , is much more up in the air .
Ludlam notes even the six - year Senate term might not be certain if a double dissolution election was called .
“ I do n’t know if you can ever make long - term plans , ” he says .
“ Mostly what I ’m focused on is the issues in front of us . ”
He notes that in a broader sense he wants to be part of “ turning the ship ” of sustainability and the environment .
“ People like me — I ’m incredibly fortunate to be doing what I ’m doing , and working with these people on these issues , in a full - time way , ” he says .
“ We ’ve just got to keep our heads down and keep working . ”
Image credit : David Howe , Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported licence
Here 's some giant outdoor sativas from Australian sativa breeder / grower Kangativa .
His strains include landrace sativas personally collected from Indonesia , Thailand and Mexico ( 86 ' Highland Oaxacan Gold ) as well as a stabilized line of Mullumbimby Madness from the early eighties .
Kangativa has crossed these landrace strains to various Dutch varieties such as NL # 5 Haze , Jack Herer and White Widow , as well as Norcal Skunk & Norcal Haze from the emerald triangle .
Warning : count ( ) : Parameter must be an array or an object that implements Countable in / nfs / c06/h07/mnt/89472/domains/ipadwatcher.com/html/wp-includes/class-wp-comment-query.php on line 405
Warning : count ( ) : Parameter must be an array or an object that implements Countable in / nfs / c06/h07/mnt/89472/domains/ipadwatcher.com/html/wp-includes/class-wp-comment-query.php on line 405
0 comments on May 31st , 2010 | : count ( ) : Parameter must be an array or an object that implements Countable inon line
Last week Apple started offering book authors the option of submitting their books directly to the iBookstore .
Why is this different than what could already be done with Amazon ?
For one thing , the iPad is a hot new device that is igniting a revolution in how people interact with computers and all kinds of media .
While this should not be relevant , in a round about sort of way it really is .
Anyone that is following what goes on around and about the iPad must have heard or read something about Apple ’s App Store .
Since Apple introduced the iPhone SDK , almost two years ago , a large number of developers flocked to the platform .
One of the most attractive points for developers was the ability to have your application available for immediate download , direct from the user ’s phone .
The users could browse the catalog of applications , choose those that they liked and have them downloaded almost instantaneously to their devices .
Apple also offered a deal in which it would take a 30 % cut of all sales , leaving the developer with 70 % of the price asked for the application .
Not a bad deal overall .
Now , why should n’t book authors have the same possibilities open to them ?
While both groups work in very different fields , they share many similarities and commonalities .
Both book authors and software developers work in creative fields in which one can either work alone or in groups .
There are software applications for every need and want , just as there books for every need and an want .
Being both a traditionally published author and a software developer I submit that these fields have much more in common than one might immediately consider and that without meaning to Apple has taken , not the first , but one more step in bringing these groups closer to self sufficiency .
The App Store allows a single developer to get world wide distribution of his application , almost instantly , without the need for a large support staff .
Now the iBookstore does the same for book authors .
As Mike Cane would recommend , any author wanting to take that route should make sure to thoroughly read the agreement they ’ll be asked to sign with Apple , to ensure that they are not signing over any rights they might come to regret in the future .
This is a very important point to have in mind as this is a new program from Apple and details of how all aspects will work are still to be widely discussed .
I know that the first reaction of publishers will be what it has always been : authors need editors .
Original manuscripts need review and revision .
Books many times need illustrators and designers .
Only publishers can provide an author with all those necessary services that help turn the author ’s work into the final printed book .
Well … surprise , surprise …
Software developers need testers and quality assurance .
They need designers and their code more often than not , needs revision .
Still …
Many developers manage to bring products to market all by themselves .
Others , engage the services of the professionals they need to complement their abilities .
Before the Internet made digital downloads the best way to sell software to the whole world , developers used to need distributors and sometimes publishers , when they could n’t afford the cost of printing manuals , recording media and packaging .
Those days are long gone now .
How long will it take for authors to reach the same independence ?
* Images : Apple .
Share this : Email
Print
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
More
Google
Reddit
Related Posts :
The only problem with this , of course , is that Arpaio 's so sick in the head he 'll probably get a rise out of it .
Still , brilliant of Zack de la Rocha to dedicate " Killing in the Name " to him .
For a full report on Friday 's Rage Against the Machine concert at the Hollywood Palladium , check out my write - up , here .
Update : weilun106 has posted part 2 of the " Killing in the Name " video , as well as one of " Freedom . "
Enjoy !
And much thanks to weilun106 .
Chicago Fire Soccer Club announced today that 26 - year - old Mexican forward Nery Castillo will join the team as a Designated Player .
Castillo will become available for selection for the Fire upon the receipt of his P1 Visa and International Transfer Certificate ( ITC ) .
Castillo ’s first match with the Men in Red is expected to be on the road against the LA Galaxy on Sunday , August 1 .
Castillo will be on loan to the Fire from Shakhtar Donetsk ( Ukraine ) , with the Fire holding an option to complete a permanent transfer .
Per Major League Soccer and club policy , terms of the deal were not disclosed .
The Fire revealed its decision to add Castillo tonight in front of fans at Toyota Park after the club ’s SuperLiga match against the New England Revolution .
Castillo will arrive in Chicago next week and conduct a press conference , the time and location of which will be finalized soon .
CHECK OUT PHOTOS FROM NERY CASTILLO'S CAREER
“ Nery is a young , competitive player who will be a dynamic force on the pitch and we are very excited that he has decided to make the Chicago Fire his new home , ” said Fire Technical Director Frank Klopas .
“ He understands the tradition , honor and passion that comes with wearing the Fire badge and is committed to leading our team towards another championship . ”
A native from San Luis Potosí , Mexico , Castillo has represented the Mexican men ’s National Team 21 times since 2007 , scoring a total of six goals .
Known for his nifty left foot and creative talent , Castillo made his international debut with El Tri on June 2 , 2007 against Iran , and he opened his international account when he scored the winning goal against Cuba during the team ’s opening match for the 2007 CONCACAF Gold Cup on June 8 , 2007 .
His performance led the team to the tournament ’s final , where Mexico fell to the United States , 2 - 1 .
“ I ’m very happy to be joining the Fire , which is a club that I feel embodies the same values that I have as a player , ” Castillo said .
“ When I put on a Fire jersey for the first time , my commitment to the fans and to my club will be to score goals , contribute on the pitch and win . ”
CLICK HERE TO WATCH NERY CASTILLO HIGHLIGHTS
Castillo began his professional career in 2000 at age 16 with the most successful Greek club , Olympiakos FC , where he was a regular starter and one of the most exciting players in the league .
Castillo made 105 appearances and scored 30 goals with the Greek side from 2000 to 2007 , leading the team to four Greek Super League Championships ( 02/03 , 04/05 , 05/06 and 06/07 ) and two Greek Cups ( 2005 and 2006 ) .
In 2007 , Castillo was sold to Ukrainian side FC Shakhtar Donetsk .
During his time with Shakhtar Donetsk from 2007 to 2009 , Castillo appeared in 12 matches and scored one goal in one season where he helped the club to win the 2009 UEFA Cup .
While with Shakhtar Donetsk , Castillo had brief loan spells with English Premier League club Manchester City and Ukrainian club FC Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk .
With the capability to play in different positions on the field , Castillo was also part of the Mexican national team in the 2007 Copa América , taking an important role in the team as he scored four goals in six appearances for a meritorious third place in the tournament .
Recently , Castillo earned seven caps and scored one goal for Mexico in the CONCACAF ’s qualifying stage ( The Hexagonal ) for the 2010 World Cup Qualifiers .
CLICK HERE FOR AN EXCLUIVE NERY CASTILLO TICKET OFFER ( PROMO CODE ' NERY ' )
Doug Mataconis · · 15 comments
Nevada Republican Senate candidate Sharron
Angle did a pretty good job of avoiding national media when she was in Washington earlier this week but she has n’t been so lucky with the local media in Nevada :
LAS VEGAS – As Sharron Angle greeted supporters at Stoney ’s Restaurant in Las Vegas , 8 News NOW Reporter Nathan Baca approached her to ask about her Social Security plan .
Her website calls for “ transitioning out ” Social Security and Medicare .
“ Why do you want to eliminate ( Social Security ) for younger folks , because your plan calls for transitioning out , ” Baca asked .
“ You believe the Harry Reid lie , ” Angle replied .
When asked to define “ transitioning out ” , Angle said , “ Transition into a personalized account … personalized Social Security accounts that they can’t raid . ”
The stock market , Baca countered , almost crashed in 2008 , meaning millions of seniors would have had their savings accounts wiped out .
Angle replied , “ Now , you ’re putting words into my mouth from Harry Reid .
I want you to be very clear on this .
I ’m here to save Social Security … Harry Reid is here to bankrupt Social Security . ”
Baca then asked Angle about her quote calling for the elimination of the Environmental Protection Agency .
“ Why do you want to eliminate the EPA when we ’re in our worst environmental disaster in this country , ” Baca asked .
Angle replied , “ Where are you getting these questions ?
The issues are not about the EPA …
The issues are homes here in Nevada …
He is trying to make this a campaign about me .
But , where ’s Harry ?
Go ask him …
Please go ask Harry about the EPA , and why they have failed . ”
“ And why you want to eliminate it , ” Baca asked .
“ Why they have failed to do what they needed to do in the Gulf , ” Angle answered .
Angle walked away when asked about her website once advocating the United States ’ withdrawal from the United Nations .
She then gave a 20 minute interview to conservative radio talk show host Roger Hedgecock .
There is such a rare and terrible disease Progeria - premature aging at an early age .
One gene mutates and affects the whole organism .
Those born with progeria typically live about thirteen years , although many have been known to live into their late teens and early twenties and rare individuals may even reach their forties .
The disorder has a very low incidence and occurs in one per eight million live births .
Here ’s Leon Botha , a guy who has progeria and who ’s already 24 years old .
No one knows how many years he will live .
It ’s not funny , but he really has this alien look …
Enlarge By Patrick Semansky , AP Oiled marsh grass is seen underneath absorbent booms in Barataria Bay on the coast of Louisiana June 20 .
Months after the start of the worst offshore oil spill , scientists say wetland damage is severe in some spots , especially in reedy swamps at the Mississippi River 's mouth .
Out of sight , out of mind ?
With surface oil slicks fading from view in the Gulf of Mexico , courtesy of the capped Macondo well , we'd be out of our minds to think that the oil still is n't there , warn forensic toxicologists .
" We 're finding less and less oil as we move forward , " disaster response chief Thad Allen said last week , noting skimmer boats having trouble finding slicks .
The retired Coast Guard admiral also pointed out that some 40 % of the leaked oil , more than 90 million gallons of crude by U.S. Geologic Survey scientist estimates , is missing .
" There 's the issue of whether or not we may find oil under the water , " Allen added .
Under the water is where the oil is , say environmental chemists such as Jeffrey Short of the conservation group , Oceana , and not just in deep sea clouds of oil reported by National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) scientists .
" Oil tends to congeal and where you saw a broad slick , you now have a lot of droplets and tarballs , " he says .
Whether floating as tarballs , buried under Mississippi River mud or carried off in currents to the Atlantic , much of the spilled oil remains in the water , Short says .
" A chemical spill in the ocean is what this ( Gulf of Mexico ) leak is , really , " says chemist Kim Anderson of Oregon State University in Corvallis .
" The crude oil contains diesel , it contains gasoline , it contains kerosene , it contains methane and it contains chemicals that are unfortunately , carcinogenic .
Literally there are hundreds of chemicals in crude oil . "
FULL COVERAGE :
The latest on the oil spill
" Very hazardous groups of chemicals are released in any spill , " adds chemist Trevor Penning of the University of Pennsylvania .
The exact amount varies with the exact nature of the crude , he adds , with heavier oil containing more toxic stuff .
The 2002 Prestige oil tanker spill in the Mediterranean , which released heavy bunker oil — literally the gloppy " bottom of the barrel " oil burned in ship 's engines — was particularly toxic , while the lighter crude of the Gulf should contain less - heavy concentrations of the worst toxins , the chemists suggest .
Anderson heads a team tracking just how much of these worst toxins — organic chemicals called polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons — have been dumped in the water by the spill .
They 'll be measured at four sites off the coast of Louisiana , Mississippi , Alabama and Florida .
Earlier samples from Louisiana alone , showed that by June 7 , Gulf of Mexico water concentrations of the toxic chemicals had risen 40 times higher than levels on May 1 , although the water looked clear of oil .
The toxin increase reflects the rise after the April 20 Deepwater Horizon subsea drilling rig explosion that killed 11 people and started the Gulf oil spill , the nation 's worst ever .
The team 's next survey results , from Louisiana , Mississippi , Alabama and Florida sites , should come this week .
Each kind of chemical in the crude oil responds to tides , currents , saltiness of the sea water , and natch , chemistry , in different ways , Anderson says .
" Tracking them all down is like chasing bees from a smashed hive , they go every which way possible . "
Complicating the search for the chemicals is the amount of dispersant , about 1.84 million gallons , applied to oil from the leak .
The dispersant has done its job , acting like dish soap on bacon grease , congealing the oil into tiny droplets that microbes can begin eating .
" That means they are in the food chain . "
Short says .
" Whether people will want to swim or eat food from water that looks clear but has high concentrations of ( toxins ) will be interesting , " she says .
Another open question is the issue of photo - enhanced toxicity from the chemicals , says Short , a former NOAA scientist who worked on the 1989 Exxon Valdez spill 's aftermath .
In the marshes , oil may be cleaned from foliage and end up buried by Mississippi mud , where it ends up near the roots of growing plants .
" The toxins get inside the surfaces of cells and release oxygen in response to sunlight , " he says , burning up the plants from the inside .
Mangrove swamps in Panama were hit hard by this reaction after a 1986 spill , and the effects are still seen today , according to Smithsonian Tropical Research Institution scientists .
In a July , environmental scientist Arne Jernelöv of Sweden 's Institute for Futures noted in the journal Nature , that shrimp , squid and some fish populations were " severely hit " by the 1979 Ixtoc oil rig spill in the Gulf of Mexico , recovering in a few years after a fishing moratorium .
As the oil spill response shifts from capping the leak to fixing the damage , we have seen only the start of the story , Anderson concludes .
" Years .
I 'll be here for years . "
Professor
Digital Signal Processing , and Computer Systems and Software
Research
Old page on a DARPA - funded Passive Radar project from my UIUC days ( no longer actively maintained , kept up for archival purposes )
Pattern Theoretic ATR Page ( sponsored by AFOSR )
Overall Interests : Statistical signal processing , Grenander ’s pattern theory
Applied Research : Radar systems , target tracking , image reconstruction , automatic target recognition
Other Interests : Music synthesis , information theory , radio astronomy , crystallography
Current Students
Jason Dixon
Ryan Palkki
John Wilcher
Michael Lee
Jeong Hwan Bang
Former Students
Previous Positions
I held the Demetrius T. Paris Junior Professorship , a special chair for the development of young faculty , from 2004 - 2007 .
Postdoctoral Research Associate ( Aug. 1998 to Aug. 2001 )
Visiting Assistant Professor ( Aug. 2000 to Aug. 2002 )
Univ. of Illinois at Urbana Champaign
Coordinated Science Laboratory
Project : Design and Optimization of Passive and Active Imaging Radar , focusing on detection , tracking , imaging , and identification of aircraft via reflected commercial television and FM radio signals .
Faculty : Richard Blahut , Yoram Bresler , Weng Chew , Pierre Moulin , David Munson
Graduate : M.S. ( May 1995 ) and D.Sc. ( Aug. 1998 ) in Electrical Engineering
Advisors : Profs. Michael Miller and Donald Snyder .
I worked in the Electronic Systems and Signals Research Laboratory .
My graduate work focused on applying Grenander ’s pattern theory to automatic target recognition in infrared scenes .
Most of this work was funded by the U.S. Army Center for Imaging Science .
Undergraduate : Triple major in computer science , electrical engineering , and music ( May 1993 ) .
As a music major , I focused on theory and composition .
Coordinates
School of Electrical and Computer Engineering
Georgia Institute of Technology
Mail Code 0250
Atlanta , GA 30332
Voice : 404-385-2548
Fax : 404-894-8363
E-mail : lanterma / at/ece/dot/gatech/dot/edu ( remove slashes , change “ at ” and “ dot ” to appropriate punctuation – at this point it ’s probably pointless for me to try fighting the spambots , but I might as well try ! )
Office : Van Leer W431 ( I am not often there , so I do not recommend trying to “ drop by ” to find me ; e-mail is the best way to reach me . )
Assorted Activities and Fun Stuff
My wife and I sang in the Dekalb Choral Guild from Fall 2002 to Fall 2007 .
Night Times was a St. Louis based music magazine which I was involved with for three years as a writer , photographer , typesetter , and eventually managing editor .
The printed version I was involved with closed up shop in 1998 , but founding editor Julia Gordon has brought it back in an on - line version .
Last modified 1/8/2018 .
Comments or questions to my e-mail above .
That Sweden 's dockworkers ' union staged a week - long protest against Israel in the wake of the Turkish flotilla incident is hardly surprising .
But the response of a 2,500 - strong student union that supports Sweden 's leading Moderate Party is worth noting .
Last month , the student union showed Israel some welcome support by offering to load and unload Israeli cargo themselves .
The students slammed the longshoremen in a press release and declared that " It is Hamas 's fault that people are suffering in Gaza , not Israel's . "
Their ...
by Naomi K. Shapiro
In a previous article , we mentioned in passing how sport shooting can improve your hunting abilities .
Sporting clays is one way to get some needed improvement when it comes to upland bird and waterfowl hunting .
Sporting clays is a form of clay pigeon shooting .
A sporting clay is a circular disk made out of clay that is the size of a large saucer , and painted .
These sporting clays are launched or thrown out in front of shooters as targets .
Sporting clay shooting is an enormously popular and fun activity which also can improve a hunter 's accuracy .
As one wag put it , " sporting clay shooting is basically golf with a shotgun . "
Sporting clay shooting is usually done at specialized ranges or shooting clubs .
There are courses set up with any number of shooting stations .
Shooters move from station to station .
The person ( usually in some type of protected bunker ) who operates the launcher releases these sporting clays at different angles / directions , trajectories , and speeds -- and more often than not , with multi-disc releases .
These variable releases closely mimic almost every type of hunting situation that one will encounter in the field .
You do n't know what you 'll come up with when you 're in the woods , and you do n't want to know which way the sporting clays will be released .
As opposed to trap or skeet , where some marksmen / women can score at a 100 % success rate , it is n't often that anyone will do perfectly when shooting sporting clays .
Things are just too unpredictable when it comes to sporting clays , and Phil says the best he 's seen was someone hitting 90 per cent of the targets .
As for what type of shotgun to use : Most anything will work , including " gauge . "
Phil Schweik says the most popular shotgun used is a 12 - gauge .
And when it comes to what shells to use , do n't use expensive " regular " shells .
There are any number of specific sporting shells that are considerably less expensive than the general hunting shells , so buy those ; or if you are a true enthusiast who shoots a lot , you may well want to do your own reloading .
As we said in a previous article , you and your friends can do sporting clays " on the cheap , " by going to some legally useable , out - of - the - way , big , open field , and , with your own hands or using a small mechanical launcher , toss used pop cans half filled with water or sand .
Phil Schweik only recommends this type of activity for experienced enthusiasts who have extremely strict safety standards as far as where to set up , where people locate / stand / shoot / release , and so forth .
Finally , one of the great fun things to do is pack a picnic lunch and go to one of the many sporting clay competitions that abound everywhere .
You 'll meet some extremely nice , warm people , and see some of the greatest shooting you 'll ever witness .
And of course , if you do participate , whether you win or not , your hunting skills will surely get better — and that means more pheasants , grouse , geese and ducks to enjoy at dinner with your family and friends .
In his first comments on the massive leak , Mr Gates said that " the battlefield consequences of the release of these documents are potentially severe and dangerous for our troops , our allies and Afghan partners , and may well damage our relationships and reputation in that key part of the world . "
" Intelligence sources and methods , as well as military tactics , techniques and procedures will become known to our adversaries , " he added .
Representative Edward J. Markey lambasted BP again yesterday for lapses in its official plans to clean up an oil spill , saying it had no provisions to deal with a hurricane even though such storms frequently pummel the Gulf of Mexico .
The words “ hurricane ’ ’ and “ tropical storm ’ ’ do not appear in the 582 - page plan for the gulf .
Such an omission , the Malden Democrat said , is further proof of how lackadaisical the company was before a blast on the Deepwater Horizons rig killed 11 workers and spawned the worst oil disaster in the nation ’s history .
As oil from the BP - leased rig gushed into the gulf for a 72d day yesterday , Hurricane Alex threatened to complicate cleanup efforts on the coast .
“ The BP plan had walruses in the gulf , but no hurricanes , ’’ said Markey , who has been one of BP ’s most consistent and vociferous critics .
“ Walruses have n’t been in the gulf in a few million years , while a hurricane is just a few hundred miles from the spill site right now . ’’
Markey , as chairman of the Energy and Environment subcommittee , belittled response plans by BP and other major oil companies during a hearing last month .
He pointed out that the companies ’ plans were 90 percent identical , provided methods to protect walruses , and included the phone number of an expert on sea turtles who has been dead for five years .
“ It ’s unfortunate that walruses were included , ’’ Rex W. Tillerson , chief executive of Exxon Mobil , responded then .
“ And it ’s an embarrassment that they were included . ’’
Markey sent a letter yesterday to Lamar McKay , chief executive of BP America , asking him to fully explain the firm ’s storm contingency plans .
He specifically requested details on such items as how any evacuation of the relief wells would set back their progress and how a storm would change the focus of cleanup efforts .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
Available immediately , Valve has launched an extensive update to Counter - Strike : Source , now in beta .
The update includes a host of new features and functionality developed in collaboration with Hidden Path Studios .
These include 144 new achievements , a new domination and revenge system , player stats , and more .
This beta will run for a limited time , and once complete , the update will be deployed to all Counter - Strike : Source owners for free via Steam .
For more information , please visit www.steamgames.com.
Blockbuster continues its downward spiral as it has been suspended from trading and forced to delist from the NYSE effective next Wednesday .
Currently trading at $ 0.18 per share , Blockbuster failed to win majority stockholder approval last week for a reverse stock split that would have brought its stock above the $ 1 threshold and back in compliance with the NYSE .
In a move that delays any immediate bankruptcy proceedings , Blockbuster was given a one - month reprieve on debt payments that the movie rental giant failed to pay on July 1st .
The creditors , which hold nearly $ 440 million of Blockbuster ’s whopping $ 920 million of debt , agreed to postpone any “ remedies ” until August 13th .
In the upcoming weeks , Blockbuster is hoping to negotiate with partners to get a quick infusion of cash by possibly converting some bondholders to equity investors .
This quick fix may be a little too little , a little too late and may only delay the inevitable bankruptcy as Blockbuster shows no signs of becoming profitable in the foreseeable future .
Read
Image caption Conahan received bribes from a for - profit juvenile detention centre after closing a county - run facility
Former Pennsylvania judge Michael Conahan has pleaded guilty to a racketeering conspiracy charge for helping put juvenile defendants behind bars in exchange for bribes .
He is accused along with former judge Mark Ciavarella of taking $ 2.8 m ( £ 1.8 m ) from a profit - making detention centres .
Mr Ciavarella denies wrongdoing .
The two pleaded guilty last year but a federal judge tossed out part of the plea agreement for being too lenient .
Conahan faces up to 20 years in jail .
US District Judge Edwin Kosik rejected the 87 - month jail term set out last year in Conahan 's agreement .
Under that deal , the former judge would have been able to back out if he was dissatisfied with his sentence .
Judge Kosik has accepted Conahan 's current plea agreement with prosecutors , which has no such get - out clause .
Cash for kids
Prosecutors in a federal court in Scranton , Pennsylvania , said Conahan had closed a county - owned juvenile detention centre in 2002 , just before signing an agreement to use a for - profit centre .
Prosecutors say Mr Ciavarella , a former juvenile court judge , then allegedly worked with Mr Conahan to ensure a constant flow of detainees .
The two men were originally charged in early 2009 with accepting money from the builder and owner of a for - profit detention centre that housed county juveniles in exchange for giving children longer , harsher sentences .
A spokeswoman for the non-profit Juvenile Law Center alleges that Mr Ciavarella gave excessively harsh sentences to 1,000 - 2,000 juveniles between 2003 and 2006 .
Some of the children were shackled , denied lawyers , and pulled from their homes for offences which included stealing change from cars and failure to appear as witnesses .
The indictment was part of a larger probe into corruption in Luzerne County , Pennsylvania , which has so far implicated more than 20 others .
A business owned by California Lt. Gov. Abel Maldonado and his family owes the federal government more than $ 100,000 in taxes , according to a lien filed against the property by the Internal Revenue Service earlier this year .
It is the ninth time since 1992 that federal , state or local tax collectors have resorted to liens against the Santa Maria Republican ’s family farm in an effort to compel payments totaling more than $ 240,000 , public records show .
Federal officials filed the lien April 13 , two weeks before Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger swore in Maldonado as the state ’s second highest - ranking public official .
The single - page IRS lien indicates that Maldonado owes the government $ 111,146 for underpaying a category of taxes that include Social Security , Medicare and federal withholding contributions for employees on his 6,000 - acre farm in Santa Barbara County .
An IRS spokesman declined to comment on the ongoing case .
Maldonado did not respond to a request for comment .
But Brandon Gesicki , spokesman for Maldonado ’s reelection campaign , said the outstanding taxes are “ absolutely not an employee compensation issue . …
It is a dispute over the use of company vehicles . ”
Gesicki said the IRS claims that about a dozen Ford F - 150 pickup trucks driven by company officers , including Maldonado ’s father , mother and sister , are for personal use , not business purposes .
The federal government wants the company to pay taxes on the vehicles as part of a compensation package , he said .
The company , Agro -Jal Farming Enterprises in Santa Maria , argues that the trucks are being used for business , Gesicki said .
“ Abel , from time to time , does drive one of these vehicles , ” Gesicki said .
“ But for most of the time the lien covers , he had a state vehicle . ”
The lien says Agro - Jal failed to pay $ 54,048 in 2006 and $ 57,098 in 2007 , while Maldonado was a state senator .
The previous liens , filed between 1992 and 2002 , range in size from an $ 81,129 IRS bill in 1995 to a $ 408 state tax bill in 1998 .
All have since been released , Gesicki said .
Maldonado has maintained responsibility for Agro - Jal ’s books throughout his tenure in state government .
In 2006 , during a run for state controller , he identified himself on the ballot as a “ controller / auditor , ” citing his role as manager of the books for Agro - Jal .
The senator was taken to court by a fellow Republican for misleading voters .
In a court declaration , Maldonado wrote that his duties , for which he was paid “ over $ 100,000 " in 2006 , included “ auditing , examining , verifying , investigating , presenting and reviewing financial transactions and the accounting records ” for Agro - Jal .
A judge ultimately changed Maldonado ’s ballot designation to “ business controller / senator . ”
Maldonado has listed himself as controller / auditor for Agro - Jal on the annual financial disclosure forms required of elected officials every year since 2006 .
News of Maldonado ’s tax problem brought swift condemnation from opponents including Marty Hittleman , president of the 120,000 - member California Federation of Teachers .
The group is backing Maldonado ’s Democratic opponent , San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom , in the November general election .
“ Here we are , a state that ’s lacking funds for basic social services , and we have a lieutenant governor who ’s unwilling to pay his taxes -- that ’s outrageous , ” Hittleman said .
Schwarzenegger appointed Maldonado to the office after it was left vacant by former Lt. Gov. John Garamendi ’s election to Congress .
Newsom ’s campaign did not respond to requests for comment late Friday .
jack.dolan@latimes.com
shane.goldmacher@latimes.com
Two little drops of reddish brown on my underwear .
Here we go again .
Since I had kids my cycle is irregular , which would n't be a big deal except that I 'm an Orthodox Jew and I can't even pass the salt to my husband — let alone touch , kiss , or have sex with him — for 12 days after my period starts .
We never know when we 'll have to sleep in separate beds or place a vase with a single rose between us on the dinner table as evidence of our separation .
I was beginning to hate the rigid restrictions on my sex life until the other day , when I was sitting on a blanket with my two toddlers in a suburban Detroit park , eating pretzels from Ziploc bags and listening to other moms talking about their sex lives .
" We have n't had sex since we conceived the twins , " said one mom .
" And they 're a year - and - a - half old .
Add nine months to that . "
" I just do n't feel like it since I had my baby , " confessed another , stroking her 15 - month - old 's hair .
Then came the really shocking admissions .
" I 'd love to have sex , " a third mom said , " but I 'd have to do all the work .
My husband is n't interested . "
A fourth mother described her marriage as being more like a brother - sister relationship than a passionate or fierce one .
As I listened to one woman after another bemoan her sad sex life , I thought about how , after five years of marriage , Avy and I are hotter than ever .
Suddenly , I felt very religious .
When I was a horny college senior in love with a Catholic boy from the East Coast , I never would have believed that one day I 'd be an Orthodox Jewish wife with two beds in my room .
" No way , " I 'd have said , if you 'd told me that my husband would sleep in a twin bed shoved against the wall and I would check the color of mucus in my underwear until seven " clean " days had passed since my period and I could dunk in the ritual bath , or mikvah .
I 've always been Jewish , but I did n't become Orthodox until I was in my twenties .
I chose this way of living because I liked the way Orthodox husbands looked at their wives — with smoldering sensuality , hidden knowing , and reverence .
They spoke sweetly and did n't play games , and I never saw the flicker of distance in their eyes .
After years of dating guys who did n't pay for my dinner , much less pay attention to me , I was ready for a real connection .
Hooking up was n't getting me what I wanted : love .
It was time to try something else , and this looked like a world I could get into .
There are many elements of Judaism that keep me religious , but the most compelling one is observant marriage .
The night before my wedding , my mother and sister came with me for my first dunk .
By the Orthodox Union 's estimate , there are roughly 300 mikvahs in America , but they are n't listed in the phone book , and they do n't have big signs proclaiming their purpose .
Hidden from the road by tall fencing and overgrown shrubs , the mikvah 's bricks held secrets .
Bayla , a rabbi's wife , was waiting for us .
Brides can dunk first , before sunset , while other women do n't start preparing until they see three stars in the night sky .
Bayla led my mother and sister on a tour .
" Try it , " she said , pointing to an empty tub .
" Walk down the steps .
You 'll see how it would feel . "
They stepped down hesitantly and looked back , half - smiling , before retreating to wait with folded hands on stiff chairs .
I carried my backpack into the changing room and latched the door behind me .
I washed my hair and combed out tangles , flossed my teeth , filed my nails .
I stared in the mirror , wondering if this ancient ritual would keep my marriage alive through decades of humdrum , everyday life .
It 's not just the mikvah that makes Orthodox Jew sex so great :
The entire system creates over - the - top intensity .
To start with , you 're shomer n'giyah , so you do n't touch anyone of the opposite sex — no handshaking , air - kissing , or friendly hugs .
In my world , every touch is electric .
Then there are the laws of yichud , whereby a man and woman who are not related are never alone in a private place .
When my neighbor 's husband came to help with the sprinklers when Avy was n't there , he walked around to the backyard instead of taking the shortcut through the house .
We do this because it 's part of God 's laws , but also because , as my rabbi explained before our wedding , " It 's about noticing the details . "
After my monthly mikvah , it takes several days for Avy and I to get used to handing things to one another .
" I forgot that I do n't have to put down the keys first , " he 'll say .
" I like putting things right into your hand . "
Before I became religious , I never saw car keys as sexy .
There 's more .
In the Aramaic wedding contract that spells out my husband 's obligations , my sexual satisfaction is among them .
Our religion allows birth control , as long as it does n't serve as an actual barrier between us , and we consult a rabbi to determine which method we should use , and for how long .
For Jews , sex is n't just about making babies , although pregnancy is one of the sexiest times since we are never off - limits to each another .
As for those 12 days of separation , they 're hard , but the mandated time off is a gift .
I do n't have to say no ; he does n't have to be grossed out by period sex ; and we can watch basketball games , read books , or talk on the phone to out - of - state friends without feeling guilty .
We spend different time together : we go for coffee , but do n't hold hands .
I look at him with the yearning I felt when we were dating .
I start to fantasize .
My husband 's hands look stronger to me , and I think of his touch .
Here 's what we 'll do ; here 's how he 'll touch me .
So there I was , on the lawn between two play structures , my children taking drags of water from sippy cups and ambling off to climb and slide and squeal .
My heart ached for these women who were so lonely in their relationships , who felt desexualized from breastfeeding babies , whose hormones had killed their libido .
I could n't imagine 27 months without Avy 's touch — 12 days is an eternity .
Every system can strangle you if you let it , and I had just been complaining to Avy about the strictures of our religious sex life .
" So what if I pass you the ketchup ! " I spat .
" It 's not going to make me have sex with you right here . "
" I kinda like having these nuances , " my husband said quietly .
" I miss you , but it 's exciting when I can just come up behind you at the sink , lift your hair , and nuzzle your neck .
Hell , holding your hand makes me want you .
Would that happen if we did n't do this ? "
I was quiet .
Religion is hard , which is why so many people do n't practice it .
But there is joy in it , too — which is why I joined the thousands of ba'alei teshuvah , Jews who abandon secular life for the incredible passion that results from devotion to the Torah .
And Avy was reminding me of one of the greatest joys : sex .
I am ready .
I take off my clothes and fill the bathtub .
After a 45 - minute soak , full of peaceful reading , then scrubbing , combing , and rinsing , I am ready to descend into the mikvah 's waters .
I follow a woman down a silent , tiled hall until I reach an unmarked door and walk through it .
Bright light bounces off the white ceiling .
I take off my robe and step in until the water reaches my shoulders .
I can hear my breath echo against the wall .
I go under ; the water gulps .
I bend my knees , burying myself in it .
I emerge , and the mikvah attendant says , " Kosher . "
I dunk a second time , a third time .
" Kosher . " " Kosher . "
When I am finished , as always , I ask for a moment by myself .
The kind woman who assisted me steps outside to wait .
I face the wall and talk in whispers .
I have conversations , but I am alone .
It is my most religious moment .
" Please , " I whisper to the tiles , and emerge into cold air .
Afterward , I whip off the towels and pull on the pink , see - through underwear that rides low on my hips .
I dry my curly hair until it 's long on my back , paint my eyes with brown pencil .
By the time I leave , I have sprayed perfume , brushed my teeth , and smoothed lotion over my newly shaven legs .
My husband is waiting at home .
He 's put the kids to bed , turned off the game , lit candles in our bedroom , poured two tall glasses of apple wine .
I drive into the garage and , before I kill the engine , the door swings open .
He is backlit by our house , our life , and he seems larger than ever , dressed in the shirt he knows I love .
I smell cologne .
We 've been married for five years , but my heart is pounding : I am so ready to be home .
There 's no blessing over sex , but every time I go to the mikvah I think about all the Hebrew blessings : the one for the first time you see the ocean , the one for overcoming danger , the blessing for a major purchase ( a house , a car , an Armani suit ) .
There are blessings for rainbows , lightning , mountains , truly ugly or beautiful people .
Each Hebrew phrase thanks God for creation , connection , and knowledge .
The blessing for the mikvah is no different — it is simple and straightforward , a woman thanking God for commanding her to immerse herself .
I think about how the best sex in my life has come from total immersion , and I start to wonder if perhaps all these blessings apply equally to my marriage : truly ugly , truly beautiful , the roll of the ocean over and over again until it 's quiet .
Sign Up for the YourTango Newsletter Let 's make this a regular thing !
Lynne Meredith Golodner is a journalist .
SAPANTA , Romania —
When she dies , 69 - year - old Todosia Pop wants to be remembered as a diligent weaver , a singer in the church choir and a mother of two children .
In this remote Romanian village , that might be possible .
Here in Sapanta , residents are memorialized at the local cemetery with crosses featuring humorous rhymes and caricatures depicting scenes from their lives .
Pop wants hers to show her in front of her loom .
The tradition , introduced by local carving master Stan Ioan Patras in the mid-1930s , has earned the Sapanta graveyard the nickname “ the merry cemetery . ”
Today it is more open - air museum and pilgrimage site than place of mourning .
Scores of tourists join villagers to remember the dead in a joyful way .
All of Sapanta ’s recent history is illustrated on the striking oak crosses : industrious men tending to sheep herds , driving tractors , working in warehouses and making hay .
Most women , dressed in folk costumes , are seen weaving traditional woolen blankets , picking fruit and running household errands .
There are also a select few who stand out because of their professions : the teacher , the priest , the bartender , the policeman and the veterinarian .
The dead get to speak for themselves in simple verses in the first person , oftentimes full of deliberate grammatical errors and regionalisms .
For posterity they name their accomplishments in life and also lament their sorrows .
This epitaph , on a cross from 2006 , belongs to 82 - year - old Toaderu , son of Vasaiu :
“ Ever since I was a boy
I loved horses with great joy .
I was a hard - working man
And made a fortune with them .
I also duly helped my grandchildren
But in turn they were like villain
They did n’t mourn me one bit
And did n’t visit this pit .
Just my granddaughter God bless
For she laid me here to rest ! ”
Further down , a man curses some “ bad Hungarians ” who beheaded him while he was in the fields looking after his sheep .
Several other crosses stand upon empty graves marking the deaths of soldiers who died in far - away battles .
In recent years , as many Sapanta residents have moved to other European Union countries for work , epitaphs have told of their adventures abroad .
On one famous cross , a three - year - old girl pours out her anger over the way her life ended so abruptly :
“ Burn in hell , you bloody taxi
That came from Sibiu .
Of all the places in this country
You had to stop right here .
By my house you hit me so
And sent me to the death below
And left my parents full of woe . ”
True to local values , Patras was not very forgiving of the lazy and the drunk , whose sins are clearly depicted on the crosses .
One man , pictured in the village pub , confesses that he lived his life for pleasure and did n’t manage to hold onto his money .
Another cautions that drinking too much delicious plum schnapps will also see them ending up in the cemetery before too long .
Patras himself is buried here , right in front of the church entrance , and has a cross which he himself designed and had carved under his supervision by two apprentices .
Upon his death in 1977 , a handful of Patras ’ former students took over his craft and have collectively created more than 1,500 crosses since .
Some are in the original plot , others in a more remote cemetery on a hill , while others were discarded when their paint deteriorated in the harsh climate .
While the Ministry of Culture provides some funds to restore damaged crosses , upkeep is haphazard and often paid for by families .
Lately the cross-makers have been fighting over standards , denouncing each other for using different blues , making monuments in different sizes , obscuring other rows .
One artist has a souvenir shop opposite the entrance of the cemetery , selling miniature crosses for $ 8 a piece .
The official master , Dumitru Pop Tincu , lives and works in Patras ’ former house , part of which also functions as a museum .
Outside , in a half - covered shed lies the woodworking bench where he makes new crosses and restores old ones .
Pop said he has been sad to see more and more residents in recent years choose granite monuments , especially those whose burial plots are located in the secondary cemetery up the hill .
“ They have to sell a cow to afford a cross , ” he said , “ so they prefer to have one that lasts much longer and needs no costly restoration in 10 years ’ time . ”
Pop never accepts epitaphs written by his fellow Sapantans during their lives , because , he says , the master needs to also create not only carve the lyrics .
So the weaver Todosia Pop , who has already worked out her little poem , might have to turn elsewhere or negotiate harder .
“ I have lyrics here for only one side of the cross , but maybe my family will pay more and then I ’ll have another poem on the back , ” she said .
An all - around cross could cost them as much as $ 800 , but most people prefer to pay half this money and have the backside just painted in simple blue .
While the merry cemetery attracts foreign tourists , bewildered Romanians , who tend to remember their dead in more somber tones , also visit .
Ethnologists believe that the folk tradition in Sapanta reflects an attitude that goes much deeper than Christianity , to the times of the Dacians , the early inhabitants of these lands before the Roman conquests .
According to the ancient Greek Herodotus , Dacians were fearless in battle and joyful when they were about to pass away , as they believed they would meet their supreme God , Zamolxis , in the afterworld .
After spending their lives laughing at death , some Sapantans are not afraid of what will befall them in the future .
Ion son - of - Taleanca , 78 , who lives across the street from the cemetery , says he is actually looking forward to escaping this life and joining his wife in the cemetery .
“ She ’s been smiling at me from that cross for so many years now , but has just refused to come back home , ” he said .
“ It means she ’s probably better off there . ”
Despite longing for his wife , Ion son - of - Taleanca can joke about his preferred epitaph :
“ Here by the path
I ’d like to hit the dirt
So that I can touch
Every girl ’s skirt . ”
Many debates about global warming seem to boil down to appeals to authority , with one side or the other citing some famous scientist , or group of them , to buttress a particular argument .
The tone is often , “ My expert is better than yours ! ”
Against this backdrop , some analysts have been trying for several years to get a firm handle on where climate researchers come down , as a group , on the central issues in the global - warming debate :
Is the earth warming up , and if so , are humans largely responsible ?
Now comes another entry in this developing literature .
William R.L. Anderegg , a doctoral candidate at Stanford University , and his fellow authors compiled a database of 1,372 climate researchers .
They then focused on scientists who had published at least 20 papers on climate , as a way to concentrate on those most active in the field .
That produced a list of 908 researchers whose work was subjected to close scrutiny .
The authors then classified those researchers as convinced or unconvinced by the evidence for human - induced climate change , based on such factors as whether they have signed public statements endorsing or dissenting from the big United Nations reports raising alarm about the issue .
Then the authors analyzed how often each scientist had been published in the climate - science literature , as well as how often each had been cited in other papers .
( The latter is a standard measure of scientific credibility and influence . )
The results are pretty conclusive .
The new research supports the idea that the vast majority of the world ’s active climate scientists accept the evidence for global warming as well as the case that human activities are the principal cause of it .
For example , of the top 50 climate researchers identified by the study ( as ranked by the number of papers they had published ) , only 2 percent fell into the camp of climate dissenters .
Of the top 200 researchers , only 2.5 percent fell into the dissenter camp .
That is consistent with past work , including opinion polls , suggesting that 97 to 98 percent of working climate scientists accept the evidence for human - induced climate change .
The study demonstrates that most of the scientists who have been publicly identified as climate skeptics are not actively publishing in the field .
And the handful who are tend to have a slim track record , with about half as many papers published as the scientists who accept the mainstream view .
The skeptics are also less influential , as judged by how often their scientific papers are cited in the work of other climate scientists .
“ We show that the expertise and prominence , two integral components of overall expert credibility , of climate researchers convinced by the evidence ” of human - induced climate change “ vastly overshadows that of the climate change skeptics and contrarians , ” Mr. Anderegg and the other authors write in their paper .
Climate - change skeptics will most likely find fault with this research , as they have with similar efforts in the past .
For starters , Mr. Anderegg ’s dissertation advisers are Christopher Field and Stephen H. Schneider , two of the most prominent advocates of the mainstream view of climate change ; Dr. Schneider is a co-author of the new paper .
The climate dissenters have long complained that global - warming science is an echo chamber in which , they contend , it is hard to get published if one does not accept the conventional wisdom that humans are heating up the planet .
So they argue that it is circular reasoning to claim a broad scientific consensus based on publication track records .
The mainstream researchers reject that charge , contending that global warming skeptics do not get published for the simple reason that their work is weak .
In this long - running battle over scientific credibility and how to measure it , the Anderegg paper analyzes a particularly large database of climate researchers , and therefore goes farther than any previous effort in attaching hard numbers to the discussion .
Before Men ’s Health and Maxim Magazine , before the men ’s magazine category was dominated by glossy , slick publications , there were the “ He - Man , ” “ pulp , ” or “ sweat magazines . ”
These “ men ’s adventure ” magazines catered to men of a different generation and reflected the taste and sensibilities of those men .
The readership largely consisted of GI ’s who had fought and survived the Big One , men who had experienced both adventure and gruesome death and violence .
In contrast to their experiences overseas , life back home seemed dull and mundane .
Their wives and families who had n’t experienced the horrors of war had only vague notions of what things had been like “ over there . ”
In a life that seemed sterile and scrubbed clean , men ’s magazines were an oasis of the kind of unfettered manliness and grit the men were used to .
And to the men who had n’t served , the magazines were a chance to live such adventures vicariously .
Products of the time , the magazines were certainly not politically correct .
Instead of articles about $ 10,000 watches and luxury vacations , the pages of the sweat magazines were filled with “ true ” ( typically fictionalized or embellished ) stories of war , survival , crime , safari , and the Old West .
A favorite theme was the showdown between man and wild flesh - eating beasts and critters .
Stories of men rescuing women from the torture of savage natives or cruel enemy armies were common ( as were tales of powerful Amazonian - like women and man-capturing gangs of female dominatrices ) .
But the magazines generally adhered to the philosophy of famous salesman Elmer Wheeler , who said to “ Sell the sizzle , not the steak . ”
The headlines of the magazines were far more lurid and sensational then the actual stories inside the magazine .
The magazines only cost 25 cents , and their insides were filled with cheap , pulpy pages printed only in black and white and packed full of ads for correspondence courses , baldness cures , and fitness programs .
The centerpiece of the magazine was thus the cover which showcased glossy , colorful , and evocative artwork .
The publisher would have an artist draw up a wild cover and then a writer would build a “ true ” story around it .
The popularity of men’s adventure magazines peaked in the late 1950s , when fifty different titles were published and hundreds of thousands of men picked up the magazines at the local drugstore or read them at barbershops .
But as Playboy and then Penthouse came on the scene , and the courts loosened their restrictions on what was deemed obscene material , “ the sweats ” began to seem quite tame and outdated in comparison and could n’t compete .
They quietly disappeared in the 1970’s .
The cover art is still great to look at .
Here are a few of my favorites :
Source : Men ’s Adventure Magazines : In Postwar America
I had this alternate end panel ready to go in case it worked better once the script was ironed out .
Plus , here ’s an accidental bonus comic I made when using assets from the previous comic .
Hope you guys enjoyed the comic .
BPBible is an Open Source Portable Bible study package that can be stored and run directly from a USB device .
It contains many key features a user might expect to find in any good Bible application .
Features such as Bible Search , Cross Verse Search , Commentary , Dictionary support , Scripture tooltips , and more .
this portable digital Bible allows it ’s user to study the word while on the go , without the need to carry a heavy Bible book with them .
Portable Bible – BPBible Screenshot
Authors Website : BPBible.com
License : Open Source
Download : Get the Portable Bible BPBible
The map shows the amount of oil on the coastline as reported each day by the federal government based on information from air and ground surveys .
The amount of oil on portions of the coastline often changes from day to day because of many factors , including recent visits by cleanup teams or tides washing in new oil .
For the first month of the spill , the oil stayed mostly in the gulf .
But in the last week of May , waves of oil began washing into Louisiana ’s fragile wetlands and beaches .
In June , oil landings began to be reported more frequently in the states to the east .
Survey areas for Louisiana were first released on May 24 and for Mississippi , Alabama and Florida beginning on June 12 .
Survey data were not available for some days .
This article is from the archive of our partner .
College students today are spending less time studying than they did in the past , according to a recent report .
The University of California study finds that the average student at a four - year college in 1961 studied about 24 hours a week .
Today ’s average student hits the books for just 14 hours .
That downward trend has been consistent across all kinds of schools , majors , and students .
But why is this happening ?
Here are a few thoughts and theories , many of them courtesy of the very thoughtful commenters at Mother Jones , where blogger Kevin Drum asked " professors and current students " to suggest explanations .
Study Leaders Cite Professor Apathy The Boston Globe 's Keith O'Brien writes , " when it comes to ' why , ' the answers are less clear .
...
What might be causing it , they suggest , is the growing power of students and professors ’ unwillingness to challenge them . "
Modern Technology
Not to Blame
The Boston Globe 's Keith O'Brien says the study leaders do n't think so .
" The easy culprits — the allure of the Internet ( Facebook ! ) , the advent of new technologies ( dude , what ’s a card catalog ? ) , and the changing demographics of college campuses — do n’t appear to be driving the change , Babcock and Marks found . "
Why so sure ?
" According to their research , the greatest decline in student studying took place before computers swept through colleges : Between 1961 and 1981 , study times fell from 24.4 to 16.8 hours per week ( and then , ultimately , to 14 ) . "
Grades Becoming Less Important Than Activities
An anonymous Mother Jones commenter writes , " I graduated recently , and Prospective employers and graduate school admission committees are very interested in your extracurricular and leadership positions , or your research work .
Grades matter , but they are not the only thing .
Perhaps in the seventies , grades were the main signal of success , so students studied more ? "
Increase in ' Temporary , Adjunct ' Faculty Mother Jones commenter Lisa argues , " Rise in numbers of temporary , adjunct faculty , who teach many , many courses , and are terribly vulnerable to course evaluations ( that 's me , by the way ) .
One can only assign so much work and expect to be invited back to teach -- plus , if you assign it , you have to read it and / or grade it yourself , which , when you 're teaching four or five classes on multiple campuses , becomes impossible .
This has become the bulk of university teaching , by the way . "
Advent of Pass - Fail Classes , Fewer Language Requirements Mother Jones commenter hollywood writes , " Many colleges dropped foreign language requirements for degrees ( languages require a lot of study time ) ; schools adopted pass - fail courses with the natural response ' why knock myself out ? '
There was significant grade inflation - - more people got better grades with less effort .
Perhaps this lack of study by students reduced the motivation of profs to kill themselves prepping lectures and grading exams when there were journal articles to crank out . "
Studying Methods Became More Efficient G. Powell theorizes , " While the amount of time that I spent on course work outside the classroom decreased , the quality of that time increased ....
The Internet is also a huge productivity gain when it comes to tracking down information .
What once took me hours in basement stacks to track down now often only takes seconds . "
Rise in Publishing Requirements Means Professors Assign Less Work
An anonymous college professor explains , " This time period does correspond with the increase in publishing expectations in Academia .
I have n't been teaching long enough to see the trend , but I definitely weight the length of a problem set assignment against my research time in a way I do n't think prior generations of professors did . "
More Working Part - Time as Scholarships Decline Mother Jones commenter dob suggests , " I 'm willing to bet that students working jobs while going to college accounts for at least a substantial fraction of that time .
That characterized both me and at least half of my college friends in the 90's .
Scholarships and student loans are n't what they used to be . "
Students Less Comfortable With Long -Form Reading Mother Jones commenter sjw muses , " More and more students are uncomfortable with reading .
They read less .
They do n't enjoy reading .
Most of the homework that a professor assigns is reading or involves reading -- it 's not just busy work , as a commenter above alleges -- so the ' collective mass ' can't handle what professors would like to assign .
Whether tv or the internet are to blame is not an argument that need be broached here ; clearly , however , the time that a student would put into studying is now going elsewhere . "
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
The Stone is a forum for contemporary philosophers and other thinkers on issues both timely and timeless .
In an influential article in the Annual Review of Neuroscience , Joshua Gold of the University of Pennsylvania and Michael Shadlen of the University of Washington sum up experiments aimed at discovering the neural basis of decision - making .
In one set of experiments , researchers attached sensors to the parts of monkeys ’ brains responsible for visual pattern recognition .
The monkeys were then taught to respond to a cue by choosing to look at one of two patterns .
Computers reading the sensors were able to register the decision a fraction of a second before the monkeys ’ eyes turned to the pattern .
As the monkeys were not deliberating , but rather reacting to visual stimuli , researchers were able to plausibly claim that the computer could successfully predict the monkeys ’ reaction .
In other words , the computer was reading the monkeys ’ minds and knew before they did what their decision would be .
We have no reason to assume that either predictability or lack of predictability has anything to say about free will .
The implications are immediate .
If researchers can in theory predict what human beings will decide before they themselves know it , what is left of the notion of human freedom ?
How can we say that humans are free in any meaningful way if others can know what their decisions will be before they themselves make them ?
Research of this sort can seem frightening .
An experiment that demonstrated the illusory nature of human freedom would , in many people ’s mind , rob the test subjects of something essential to their humanity .
If a machine can tell me what I am about to decide before I decide it , this means that , in some sense , the decision was already made before I became consciously involved .
But if that is the case , how am I , as a moral agent , to be held accountable for my actions ?
If , on the cusp of an important moral decision , I now know that my decision was already taken at the moment I thought myself to be deciding , does this not undermine my responsibility for that choice ?
Some might conclude that resistance to such findings reveal a religious bias .
After all , the ability to consciously decide is essential in many religions to the idea of humans as spiritual beings .
Without freedom of choice , a person becomes a cog in the machine of nature ; with action and choice predetermined , morality and ultimately the very meaning of that person ’s existence is left in tatters .
Theologians have spent a great deal of time ruminating on the problem of determination .
The Catholic response to the theological problem of theodicy — that is , of how to explain the existence of evil in a world ruled by a benevolent and omnipotent God — was to teach that God created humans with free will .
It is only because evil does exist that humans are free to choose between good and evil ; hence , the choice for good has meaning .
As the theologians at the Council of Trent in the 16th century put it , freedom of will is essential for Christian faith , and it is anathema to believe otherwise .
Protestant theologians such as Luther and Calvin , to whom the Trent statement was responding , had disputed this notion on the basis of God ’s omniscience .
If God ’s ability to know were truly limitless , they argued , then his knowledge of the future would be as clear and perfect as his knowledge of the present and of the past .
If that were the case , though , then God would already know what each and every one of us has done , is doing , and will do at every moment in our lives .
And how , then , could we be truly free ?
Even though this particular resistance to a deterministic model of human behavior is religious , one can easily come to the same sorts of conclusions from a scientific perspective .
In fact , when religion and science square off around human freedom , they often end up on remarkably similar ground because both science and religion base their assumptions on an identical understanding of the world as something intrinsically knowable , either by God or ourselves .
While our senses can only bring us verifiable knowledge about how the world appears in time and space , our reason always strives to know more .
Let me explain what I mean by way of an example .
Imagine we suspend a steel ball from a magnet directly above a vertical steel plate , such that when I turn off the magnet , the ball hits the edge of the plate and falls to either one side or the other .
Very few people , having accepted the premises of this experiment , would conclude from its outcome that the ball in question was exhibiting free will .
Whether the ball falls on one side or the other of the steel plate , we can all comfortably agree , is completely determined by the physical forces acting on the ball , which are simply too complex and minute for us to monitor .
And yet we have no problem assuming the opposite to be true of the application of the monkey experiment to theoretical humans : namely , that because their actions are predictable they can be assumed to lack free will .
In other words , we have no reason to assume that either predictability or lack of predictability has anything to say about free will .
The fact that we do make this association has more to do with the model of the world that we subtly import into such thought experiments than with the experiments themselves .
The model in question holds that the universe exists in space and time as a kind of ultimate code that can be deciphered .
This image of the universe has a philosophical and religious provenance , and has made its way into secular beliefs and practices as well .
In the case of human freedom , this presumption of a “ code of codes ” works by convincing us that a prediction somehow decodes or deciphers a future that already exists in a coded form .
So , for example , when the computers read the signals coming from the monkeys ’ brains and make a prediction , belief in the code of codes influences how we interpret that event .
Instead of interpreting the prediction as what it is — a statement about the neural process leading to the monkeys ’ actions — we extrapolate about a supposed future as if it were already written down , and all we were doing was reading it .
To my mind the philosopher who gave the most complete answer to this question was Immanuel Kant .
In Kant ’s view , the main mistake philosophers before him had made when considering how humans could have accurate knowledge of the world was to forget the necessary difference between our knowledge and the actual subject of that knowledge .
At first glance , this may not seem like a very easy thing to forget ; for example , what our eyes tell us about a rainbow and what that rainbow actually is are quite different things .
Kant argued that our failure to grasp this difference was further reaching and had greater consequences than anyone could have thought .
The belief that our empirical exploration of the world and of the human brain could ever eradicate human freedom is an error .
Taking again the example of the rainbow , Kant would argue that while most people would grant the difference between the range of colors our eyes perceive and the refraction of light that causes this optical phenomenon , they would still maintain that more careful observation could indeed bring one to know the rainbow as it is in itself , apart from its sensible manifestation .
This commonplace understanding , he argued , was at the root of our tendency to fall profoundly into error , not only about the nature of the world , but about what we were justified in believing about ourselves , God , and our duty to others .
The problem was that while our senses can only ever bring us verifiable knowledge about how the world appears in time and space , our reason always strives to know more than appearances can show it .
This tendency of reason to always know more is and was a good thing .
It is why human kind is always curious , always progressing to greater and greater knowledge and accomplishments .
But if not tempered by a respect for its limits and an understanding of its innate tendencies to overreach , reason can lead us into error and fanaticism .
Let ’s return to the example of the experiment predicting the monkeys ’ decisions .
What the experiment tells us is nothing other than that the monkeys ’ decision making process moves through the brain , and that our technology allows us to get a reading of that activity faster than the monkeys ’ brain can put it into action .
From that relatively simple outcome , we can now see what an unjustified series of rather major conundrums we had drawn .
And the reason we drew them was because we unquestioningly translated something unknowable — the stretch of time including the future of the monkeys ’ as of yet undecided and unperformed actions — into a neat scene that just needed to be decoded in order to be experienced .
We treated the future as if it had already happened and hence as a series of events that could be read and narrated .
From a Kantian perspective , with this simple act we allowed reason to override its boundaries , and as a result we fell into error .
The error we fell into was , specifically , to believe that our empirical exploration of the world and of the human brain could ever eradicate human freedom .
This , then , is why , as “ irresistible ” as their logic might appear , none of the versions of Galen Strawson ’s “ Basic Argument ” for determinism , which he outlined in The Stone last week , have any relevance for human freedom or responsibility .
According to this logic , responsibility must be illusory , because in order to be responsible at any given time an agent must also be responsible for how he or she became how he or she is at that time , which initiates an infinite regress , because at no point can an individual be responsible for all the genetic and cultural forces that have produced him or her as he or she is .
But this logic is nothing other than a philosophical version of the code of codes ; it assumes that the sum history of forces determining an individual exist as a kind of potentially legible catalog .
The point to stress , however , is that this catalog is not even legible in theory , for to be known it assumes a kind of knower unconstrained by time and space , a knower who could be present from every possible perspective at every possible deciding moment in an agent ’s history and prehistory .
Such a knower , of course , could only be something along the lines of what the monotheistic traditions call God .
But as Kant made clear , it makes no sense to think in terms of ethics , or responsibility , or freedom when talking about God ; to make ethical choices , to be responsible for them , to be free to choose poorly , all of these require precisely the kind of being who is constrained by the minimal opacity that defines our kind of knowing .
As much as we owe the nature of our current existence to the evolutionary forces Darwin first discovered , or to the cultures we grow up in , or to the chemical states affecting our brain processes at any given moment , none of this impacts on our freedom .
I am free because neither science nor religion can ever tell me , with certainty , what my future will be and what I should do about it .
The dictum from Sartre that Strawson quoted thus gets it exactly right : I am condemned to freedom .
I am not free because I can make choices , but because I must make them , all the time , even when I think I have no choice to make .
William Egginton is the Andrew W. Mellon Professor in the Humanities at the Johns Hopkins University .
His next book , “ In Defense of Religious Moderation , ” will be published by Columbia University Press in 2011 .
I too was a little bit confused when I saw these guys .
Why was Aquaman looking dirty ?
Why did this guy come in with a hard hat and fake money ?
Then I saw the BP logo on his hard hat and it all made sense .
BP is a joke now and people are cosplaying as it at Comic Con .
Go past the break to see the photos .
( CNN ) -- Switzerland will not send Oscar - winning filmmaker Roman Polanski to the United States to face sentencing for child sex charges , the Ministry of Justice announced Monday .
He is now free , the ministry said .
Polanski pleaded guilty in Los Angeles , California , in 1977 to having unlawful sex with a 13 - year - old girl , but fled to Europe before he was sentenced .
He was arrested in Switzerland last year and had been fighting extradition since then .
Switzerland was not making a decision about the severity of the charge or whether Polanski was guilty , Justice Minister Eveline Widmer - Schlumpf said .
" It 's not about qualifying the crime .
That is not our job .
It 's also not about deciding over guilt or innocence , " she said .
The Swiss rejected the American request because the United States did not supply all the legal records Switzerland requested , and because Polanski had a reasonable right to think he would not be arrested if he visited the country , she said .
U.S. prosecutors cannot apply again to Switzerland to have Polanski extradited , she said , but could apply to other countries to detain and extradite him .
" We are deeply disappointed , " said U.S. Assistant Attorney General Lanny Breuer , head of the Justice Department 's criminal division .
" We thought our extradition request was supported by the facts .
We 're going to review our options . "
Assistant Secretary of State P.J. Crowley also expressed disappointment , saying that the United States " believes that the rape of a 13 - year - old child by an adult is a crime " and would continue to pursue justice in the case .
Asked about comments by the Swiss attorney general that suggested technical errors in the U.S. extradition request , Crowley said : " A 13 - year - girl was drugged and raped by an adult -- this is not a matter of technicality . "
Polanski was 43 at the time he had unlawful sex with the girl .
He is now 76 .
Prosecutors dropped rape and other charges in exchange for his guilty plea .
But Polanski fled the country before he was sentenced after learning that the judge might not go along with the short jail term Polanski expected to get in exchange for his plea .
He has been a fugitive since 1978 and lived in France before his arrest .
Swiss authorities released the director from jail on $ 4.5 million bail in early December " pending extradition " to the United States .
Polanski's victim came forward long ago and has made her identity public , saying she was disturbed by how the criminal case had been handled .
Samantha Geimer , now in her 40s and a married mother of three , has called for the case to be tossed out .
Her attorney , Larry Silver , reiterated her position in December , saying details of the case harm her every time the story is in the news .
Defense attorneys also argued that prosecutors are ignoring the victim 's wishes .
Polanski's attorney , Chad Hummel , has been pushing for Polanski to be sentenced without having to return to Los Angeles .
Prosecutors have vigorously opposed sentencing him in absentia .
In court papers filed in January , Deputy District Attorney David Walgren stated the reasons in no uncertain terms .
" The defendant is a fugitive , " Walgren wrote .
" A fugitive child rapist , who for 32 years has made a mockery of our criminal justice system , should not be given the power or authority to request anything of this court until he , the criminal , acknowledges this court 's lawful authority by surrendering on his outstanding warrant . "
Polanski won an Oscar for best director for the Holocaust drama " The Pianist , " and was nominated for " Tess , " " Chinatown , " and the screenplay he wrote for " Rosemary 's Baby . "
CNN 's Nadine Schmidt , Ben Brumfield , Ann O'Neill , Stephanie Chen , Elise Labott and Terry Frieden contributed to this report .
WikiLeaks Founder Julian Assange on the ' War Logs ' ' I Enjoy Crushing Bastards '
In a SPIEGEL interview , WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange , 39 , discusses his decision to publish the Afghanistan war logs , the difficult balance between the public interest and the need for state secrets and why he believes people who wage war are more dangerous than him .
When Gordon Brown resigned two months ago , he left behind no thank - you notes for the staff at Chequers who had looked after him so often during his three years in office .
After David Cameron spent his first weekend at his new weekend residence , by contrast , he returned to London leaving a handwritten note of appreciation .
This anecdote does not tell you everything you need to know about why , after a mere eight weeks , Cameron is already proving to be a much better prime minister than Brown ever was .
Nor does the claim , which I have also heard but in this case not confirmed , that the Chequers staff learned to keep the best china under lock and key during Brown 's visits because of their fears that he would break it in his rages , prove it either .
But these tales suggest why Cameron , in such a short time , has already become such an asset to his party , to his government and , if one may say this , to his country , too .
Good manners should be a necessary not a sufficient condition for advancement in politics – as the infinitely well - mannered Michael Gove has discovered this week over school building projects – but they certainly help to turn away wrath at a time of upheaval .
Like Tony Blair before him , Cameron deploys his courtesy and charm for political purposes .
Watch him in Question Time as new Labour MPs ask him barbed questions .
Cameron does not sneer or talk down to backbenchers , as Brown did .
Instead he flatters them .
When Labour 's Kate Green asked her first question to Cameron he began his answer by praising her " incredible work " as head of the Child Poverty Action Group .
This week , when Gloria de Piero 's turn came , Cameron complimented her for leaving the " warmth of the GMTV sofa " to go into politics .
If you are tempted to think this sort of courtesy across the political divide is mere bourgeois triviality , remember how effective this maturity of style has also been in larger contexts .
In the last two months , nothing has become the prime minister more than his Commons statement of regret for the Bloody Sunday killings .
The speech was a model , and when Cameron said , " On behalf of our country I am deeply sorry " , the applause outside Derry Guildhall almost seemed to wash away 40 years of hurt .
A certain grace has marked Cameron 's outings on the international stage , too .
He has handled European meetings with a deftness and in a tone which have surprised those who feared an immediate lurch to the right .
You may counter that there have been missed opportunities , or that he was a key player in letting too much of the air out of the G20 – a forum in which Brown 's big thinking was missed – but at least he did not talk up his role in Toronto for the benefit of the UK media , as his predecessors would have done .
Cameron has sensibly lowered the bar for British self - esteem in the world – and a good thing , too .
He approaches his visit to Washington later this month with fewer political hang - ups than any of his recent predecessors .
On the most important international issue of all for Britain , Cameron could hardly have been clearer .
He wants out of Afghanistan .
Exactly how it will happen remains vague , but the intention is clear .
Invited by Labour to say he intends to stay in Afghanistan until the job is done , Cameron sharply demurred .
We will not be in Afghanistan in 2015 – the date of the scheduled next general election – he said on Wednesday .
Cameron may have no clear exit strategy , but his strategy is exit all the same .
At home , the relationship with George Osborne has always been at the core of Cameron 's strategy and it will be the economy and the fiscal tightening that will make or destroy both men's reputations .
Yet it is the new bond with Nick Clegg that reveals most about the Tory leader .
In the eight weeks of the coalition , Cameron has consistently gone out of his way to deliver for the Lib Dems – in the coalition programme , round the cabinet table , in the budget ( though not enough ) and over electoral reform .
He probably needs to do more .
Any Tory leader would have had to do a deal with the Lib Dems .
No alternative leader could have done it as well .
Cameron has not just taken to the realities of coalition better than any other Tory .
He has also done it infinitely less condescendingly than Brown or any Labour leader would have done .
He recognises that he is delivering a deal , not a sell - out .
Yet in doing so , he has pulled the Tory party further towards both the centre ground and an acceptance of coalition politics – and pushed Labour off both – than many would have believed possible .
His seizure of the opportunities of 6
May to put liberal conservatism at the heart of this government 's project has been audacious .
Its long - term impact on the Conservative party is not yet clear .
Its short - term impact is immense and , in Tory terms , almost wholly desirable .
The old right ( like the old left ) can only gawp and grumble .
The imperatives of coalition have helped cement Cameron 's authority in ways that not even he can have foreseen .
Like Blair , Cameron came to power outside parliament rather than within it , by climbing the outside of the building , as Bill Rodgers said of Blair .
Before the election he was criticised within his own party for ruling through a handpicked oligarchy , again like Blair .
The election has changed all that .
Coalition requires Cameron to consult , make deals , and actively manage both his party and his government .
Necessity has demanded the return of proper cabinet government .
The seductions of cliquism and presidentialism to which Blair succumbed are off limits because of the hung parliament .
A good thing , too , and Cameron has adapted with an admirably sure touch .
The polls show what a key asset Cameron is to the coalition .
The government 's approval rating is +8 points , according to this week 's YouGov / Sunday Times poll .
But Cameron 's own rating is +28 , with almost unanimous approval from Tory voters .
Take Cameron out of the equation , and the coalition 's standing would be fragile indeed .
These are still very early days .
The coalition has to get through difficult votes on AV and negotiate the most difficult spending round in a generation .
The economy may tank .
Yet in these first weeks even opponents should concede that Cameron has played a blinder .
He is showing himself as potentially the best all - round prime minister of the modern era .
Labour 's hopefuls should learn from him .
No doubt about it , Cameron wins this season 's political golden boot .
For most online coders , efficiency no longer matters -- and that 's a good thing .
Computers are fast enough that the difference between elegant and crude code is , on a small scale , virtually indistinguishable to users , as former Twitter engineer Alex Payne wrote recently in a blog post ( on a different topic altogether ) .
Throw something together that 's good enough and it will just work .
The power of today 's hardware is such that , for example , you can build a web application that supports thousands of users using one of the slowest available programming languages , brutally inefficient datastore access and storage patterns , zero caching , no sensible distribution of work , no attention to locality , etc. etc .
Basically , you can apply every available anti-pattern and still come out the other end with a workable system , simply because the hardware can move faster than your bad decision - making .
That 's a good thing because programmers can quickly and easily create prototypes for their ideas , he explains .
But it also opens the door to innovation .
So what if it takes 100 lines of code to do what could be done in 10 ?
Who cares if an app could be twice as fast when it only means a difference of milliseconds ?
On a small scale , these differences are imperceptible to users .
As commenters will no doubt point out , perfection and efficiency should always be the goal .
But the bottom line is that , with servers and PC's as fast as they are , if it works it works .
It 's the software equivalent of the good - enough revolution , the idea that consumers are willing to settle for imperfect products that get the job done .
The New York Times offered an explanation of it in 2008 , which Wired elaborated on a year later :
Cheap , fast , simple tools are suddenly everywhere .
We get our breaking news from blogs , we make spotty long - distance calls on Skype , we watch video on small computer screens rather than TVs , and more and more of us are carrying around dinky , low - power netbook computers that are just good enough to meet our surfing and emailing needs .
The low end has never been riding higher .
Of course , there are advantages to high - end applications .
Well - written code is secure .
It 's easy to analyze , fix and pass on to other competent programmers and , importantly , it 's scalable -- it performs similarly whether 10 or 10,000 people are using it .
Lightning - fast , efficient code is especially crucial for wildly popular services like Payne 's former employer Twitter , whose rapid growth has been plagued by Fail - Whale downtime .
But for all the exacting requirements of large - scale software development , there 's something to be said for empowering the amateur who has a great idea , but a less - than - stellar ability to program , with the means to do so .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Fired BP Contractor Adam Dillon Becomes A Whistleblower ( VIDEO )
Posted in BP British Petroleum , Environment , Gulf Coast , Louisiana Maritime News on July 12 , 2010
NEW ORLEANS , La. –
As a BP contractor and liaison , Adam Dillon had rebuffed reporters ’ attempts to observe cleanup operations in Grand Isle , LA , in June , before being promoted to the BP Command Center near Houma , LA .
At the command center BP manages the private contractors running practically every aspect of the spill response .
Dillon , a former U.S. Army Special Operations soldier , “ has lost faith in the company in charge . ”
WATCH ADAM DILLON REBUFF REPORTERS
On Friday , contractor - turned - whistleblower Adam Dillon told New Orleans television station WDSU he was fired “ after taking photos that he believes were related to the use of dispersants and to the cleanup of the oil . ”
WATCH ADAM DILLON WHISTLEBLOWER
WALKER : Why did you want to talk to me tonight ?
DILLON : Because of what I told you on Grand Isle that day .
When you met me and you were straight with me and I saw the way that you were being treated , I told you I wish I could tell you more .
And after the way BP treated me , I ’m telling you now that you deserve and answer and that ’s why you ’re getting an answer .
Dillon says he was fired by BP after he took photos of chemical dispersants being used to break up the spill and brought them , along with his concerns , to the attention of his superiors .
He was subsequently sacked but not before being “ confined and interrogated . ”
Dillon has praise for his fellow crew workers and contractors , but he describes BP as being full of “ cutthroat individuals . ”
Doug Suttles , BP Chief Operating Officer , released a letter a few days ago saying in part :
“ Recent media reports have suggested that individuals involved in the clean up operation have been prohibited from speaking to the media , and this is simply untrue .
BP has not and will not prevent anyone working in the cleanup operation from sharing his or her own experiences or opinions . ”
Source :
Huffington Post
Published by maritime lawyer Gordon , Elias & Seely , LLP
Medical staff have told how a man was admitted to a Johannesburg hospital this morning with a vuvuzela protruding out of his arse .
The local man , who had been blowing his ' horn ' at the South Africa v. Uruguay game , had , apparently , been attacked by a group of high - spirited Uruguayans who were out celebrating their team 's 3 - 0 victory .
One doctor at the Daktari Medical Centre said :
" It 's the first time we 've seen this kind of injury , but as the World Cup gets into its later stages , I 'm sure we 'll be seeing many more of them . "
A nurse treating the injured man , told us :
" I do n't like vuvuzelas .
If it were n't for the plain fact that my job is a nurse , and that I am here to help people in severe distress , and to save lives , I 'd have shoved the fucking thing further up his arse myself ! "
SSA.1 Probably no agitation has ever attained the magnitude , either in the number of its recruits or the area of its influence , which has been attained by Modern Socialism , and at the same time been so little understood and so misunderstood , not only by the hostile and the indifferent , but by the friendly , and even by the great mass of its adherents themselves .
This unfortunate and highly dangerous state of things is due partly to the fact that the human relationships which this movement – if anything so chaotic can be called a movement – aims to transform , involve no special class or classes , but literally all mankind ; partly to the fact that these relationships are infinitely more varied and complex in their nature than those with which any special reform has ever been called upon to deal ; and partly to the fact that the great moulding forces of society , the channels of information and enlightenment , are well - nigh exclusively under the control of those whose immediate pecuniary interests are antagonistic to the bottom claim of Socialism that labor should be put in possession of its own .
SSA.2
Almost the only persons who may be said to comprehend even approximately the significance , principles , and purposes of Socialism are the chief leaders of the extreme wings of the Socialistic forces , and perhaps a few of the money kings themselves .
It is a subject of which it has lately become quite the fashion for preacher , professor , and penny - a - liner to treat , and , for the most part , woeful work they have made with it , exciting the derision and pity of those competent to judge .
That those prominent in the intermediate Socialistic divisions do not fully understand what they are about is evident from the positions they occupy .
If they did ; if they were consistent , logical thinkers ; if they were what the French call consequent men , – their reasoning faculties would long since have driven them to one extreme or the other .
SSA.3
For it is a curious fact that the two extremes of the vast army now under consideration , though united , as has been hinted above , by the common claim that labor shall be put in possession of its own , are more diametrically opposed to each other in their fundamental principles of social action and their methods of reaching the ends aimed at than either is to their common enemy , the existing society .
They are based on two principles the history of whose conflict is almost equivalent to the history of the world since man came into it ; and all intermediate parties , including that of the upholders of the existing society , are based upon a compromise between them .
It is clear , then , that any intelligent , deep - rooted opposition to the prevailing order of things must come from one or the other of these extremes , for anything from any other source , far from being revolutionary in character , could be only in the nature of such superficial modification as would be utterly unable to concentrate upon itself the degree of attention and interest now bestowed upon Modern Socialism .
SSA .4
The two principles referred to are Authority and Liberty , and the names of the two schools of Socialistic thought which fully and unreservedly represent one or the other of them are , respectively , State Socialism and Anarchism .
Whoso knows what these two schools want and how they propose to get it understands the Socialistic movement .
For , just as it has been said that there is no half - way house between Rome and Reason , so it may be said that there is no half - way house between State Socialism and Anarchism .
There are , in fact , two currents steadily flowing from the center of the Socialistic forces which are concentrating them on the left and on the right ; and , if Socialism is to prevail , it is among the possibilities that , after this movement of separation has been completed and the existing order have been crushed out between the two camps , the ultimate and bitterer conflict will be still to come .
In that case all the eight - hour men , all the trades - unionists , all the Knights of Labor , all the land nationalizationists , all the greenbackers , and , in short , all the members of the thousand and one different battalions belonging to the great army of Labor , will have deserted their old posts , and , these being arrayed on the one side and the other , the great battle will begin .
What a final victory for the State Socialists will mean , and what a final victory for the Anarchists will mean , it is the purpose of this paper to briefly state .
SSA.5
To do this intelligently , however , I must first describe the ground common to both , the features that make Socialists of each of them .
SSA.6
The economic principles of Modern Socialism are a logical deduction from the principle laid down by Adam Smith in the early chapters of his “ Wealth of Nations , ” – namely , that labor is the true measure of price .
But Adam Smith , after stating this principle most clearly and concisely , immediately abandoned all further consideration of it to devote himself to showing what actually does measure price , and how , therefore , wealth is at present distributed .
Since his day nearly all the political economists have followed his example by confining their function to the description of society as it is , in its industrial and commercial phases .
Socialism , on the contrary , extends its function to the description of society as it should be , and the discovery of the means of making it what it should be .
Half a century or more after Smith enunciated the principle above stated , Socialism picked it up where he had dropped it , and in following it to its logical conclusions , made it the basis of a new economic philosophy .
SSA.7
This seems to have been done independently by three different men , of three different nationalities , in three different languages : Josiah Warren , an American ; Pierre J. Proudhon , a Frenchman ; Karl Marx , a German Jew .
That Warren and Proudhon arrived at their conclusions singly and unaided is certain ; but whether Marx was not largely indebted to Proudhon for his economic ideas is questionable .
However this may be , Marx ’s presentation of the ideas was in so many respects peculiarly his own that he is fairly entitled to the credit of originality .
That the work of this interesting trio should have been done so nearly simultaneously would seem to indicate that Socialism was in the air , and that the time was ripe and the conditions favorable for the appearance of this new school of thought .
So far as priority of time is concerned , the credit seems to belong to Warren , the American , – a fact which should be noted by the stump orators who are so fond of declaiming against Socialism as an imported article .
Of the purest revolutionary blood , too , this Warren , for he descended from the Warren who fell at Bunker Hill .
SSA.8 From Smith ’s principle that labor is the true measure of price – or , as Warren phrased it , that cost is the proper limit of price – these three men made the following deductions : that the natural wage of labor is its product ; that this wage , or product , is the only just source of income ( leaving out , of course , gift , inheritance , etc. ) ; that all who derive income from any other source abstract it directly or indirectly from the natural and just wage of labor ; that this abstracting process generally takes one of three forms , – interest , rent , and profit ; that these three constitute the trinity of usury , and are simply different methods of levying tribute for the use of capital ; that , capital being simply stored - up labor which has already received its pay in full , its use ought to be gratuitous , on the principle that labor is the only basis of price ; that the lender of capital is entitled to its return intact , and nothing more ; that the only reason why the banker , the stockholder , the landlord , the manufacturer , and the merchant are able to exact usury from labor lies in the fact that they are backed by legal privilege , or monopoly ; and that the only way to secure labor the enjoyment of its entire product , or natural wage , is to strike down monopoly .
SSA.9
It must not be inferred that either Warren , Proudhon , or Marx used exactly this phraseology , or followed exactly this line of thought , but it indicates definitely enough the fundamental ground taken by all three , and their substantial thought up to the limit to which they went in common .
And , lest I may be accused of stating the positions and arguments of these men incorrectly , it may be well to say in advance that I have viewed them broadly , and that , for the purpose of sharp , vivid , and emphatic comparison and contrast , I have taken considerable liberty with their thought by rearranging it in an order , and often in a phraseology , of my own , but , I am satisfied , without , in so doing , misrepresenting them in any essential particular .
SSA.10
It was at this point – the necessity of striking down monopoly – that came the parting of their ways .
Here the road forked .
They found that they must turn either to the right or to the left , – follow either the path of Authority or the path of Liberty .
Marx went one way ; Warren and Proudhon the other .
Thus were born State Socialism and Anarchism .
SSA.11 First , then , State Socialism , which may be described as the doctrine that all the affairs of men should be managed by the government , regardless of individual choice .
Marx , its founder , concluded that the only way to abolish the class monopolies was to centralize and consolidate all industrial and commercial interests , all productive and distributive agencies , in one vast monopoly in the hands of the State .
The government must become banker , manufacturer , farmer , carrier , and merchant , and in these capacities must suffer no competition .
Land , tools , and all instruments of production must be wrested from individual hands , and made the property of the collectivity .
To the individual can belong only the products to be consumed , not the means of producing them .
A man may own his clothes and his food , but not the sewing - machine which makes his shirts or the spade which digs his potatoes .
Product and capital are essentially different things ; the former belongs to individuals , the latter to society .
Society must seize the capital which belongs to it , by the ballot if it can , by revolution if it must .
Once in possession of it , it must administer it on the majority principle , though its organ , the State , utilize it in production and distribution , fix all prices by the amount of labor involved , and employ the whole people in its workshops , farms , stores , etc .
The nation must be transformed into a vast bureaucracy , and every individual into a State official .
Everything must be done on the cost principle , the people having no motive to make a profit out of themselves .
Individuals not being allowed to own capital , no one can employ another , or even himself .
Every man will be a wage - receiver , and the State the only wage - payer .
He who will not work for the State must starve , or , more likely , go to prison .
All freedom of trade must disappear .
Competition must be utterly wiped out .
All industrial and commercial activity must be centered in one vast , enormous , all - inclusive monopoly .
The remedy for monopolies is monopoly .
SSA.12 Such is the economic programme of State Socialism as adopted from Karl Marx .
The history of its growth and progress cannot be told here .
In this country the parties that uphold it are known as the Socialistic Labor Party , which pretends to follow Karl Marx ; the Nationalists , who follow Karl Marx filtered through Edward Bellamy ; and the Christian Socialists , who follow Karl Marx filtered through Jesus Christ .
SSA.13
What other applications this principle of Authority , once adopted in the economic sphere , will develop is very evident .
It means the absolute control by the majority of all individual conduct .
The right of such control is already admitted by the State Socialists , though they maintain that , as a matter of fact , the individual would be allowed a much larger liberty than he now enjoys .
But he would only be allowed it ; he could not claim it as his own .
There would be no foundation of society upon a guaranteed equality of the largest possible liberty .
Such liberty as might exist would exist by sufferance and could be taken away at any moment .
Constitutional guarantees would be of no avail .
There would be but one article in the constitution of a State Socialistic country : “ The right of the majority is absolute . ”
SSA .14 The claim of the State Socialists , however , that this right would not be exercised in matters pertaining to the individual in the more intimate and private relations of his life is not borne out by the history of governments .
It has ever been the tendency of power to add to itself , to enlarge its sphere , to encroach beyond the limits set for it ; and where the habit of resisting such encroachment is not fostered , and the individual is not taught to be jealous of his rights , individuality gradually disappears and the government or State becomes the all - in - all .
Control naturally accompanies responsibility .
Under the system of State Socialism , therefore , which holds the community responsible for the health , wealth , and wisdom of the individual , it is evident that the community , through its majority expression , will insist more and more in prescribing the conditions of health , wealth , and wisdom , thus impairing and finally destroying individual independence and with it all sense of individual responsibility .
SSA.15 Whatever , then , the State Socialists may claim or disclaim , their system , if adopted , is doomed to end in a State religion , to the expense of which all must contribute and at the altar of which all must kneel ; a State school of medicine , by whose practitioners the sick must invariably be treated ; a State system of hygiene , prescribing what all must and must not eat , drink , wear , and do ; a State code of morals , which will not content itself with punishing crime , but will prohibit what the majority decide to be vice ; a State system of instruction , which will do away with all private schools , academies , and colleges ; a State nursery , in which all children must be brought up in common at the public expense ; and , finally , a State family , with an attempt at stirpiculture , or scientific breeding , in which no man and woman will be allowed to have children if the State prohibits them and no man and woman can refuse to have children if the State orders them .
Thus will Authority achieve its acme and Monopoly be carried to its highest power .
SSA.16 Such is the ideal of the logical State Socialist , such the goal which lies at the end of the road that Karl Marx took .
Let us now follow the fortunes of Warren and Proudhon , who took the other road , – the road of Liberty .
SSA.17
This brings us to Anarchism , which may be described as the doctrine that all the affairs of men should be managed by individuals or voluntary associations , and that the State should be abolished .
SSA.18 When Warren and Proudhon , in prosecuting their search for justice to labor , came face to face with the obstacle of class monopolies , they saw that these monopolies rested upon Authority , and concluded that the thing to be done was , not to strengthen this Authority and thus make monopoly universal , but to utterly uproot Authority and give full sway to the opposite principle , Liberty , by making competition , the antithesis of monopoly , universal .
They saw in competition the great leveler of prices to the labor cost of production .
In this they agreed with the political economists .
They query then naturally presented itself why all prices do not fall to labor cost ; where there is any room for incomes acquired otherwise than by labor ; in a word , why the usurer , the receiver of interest , rent , and profit , exists .
The answer was found in the present one - sidedness of competition .
It was discovered that capital had so manipulated legislation that unlimited competition is allowed in supplying productive labor , thus keeping wages down to the starvation point , or as near it as practicable ; that a great deal of competition is allowed in supplying distributive labor , or the labor of the mercantile classes , thus keeping , not the prices of goods , but the merchants ’ actual profits on them down to a point somewhat approximating equitable wages for the merchants ’ work ; but that almost no competition at all is allowed in supplying capital , upon the aid of which both productive and distributive labor are dependent for their power of achievement , thus keeping the rate of interest on money and of house - rent and ground - rent at as high a point as the necessities of the people will bear .
SSA.19
On discovering this , Warren and Proudhon charged the political economists with being afraid of their own doctrine .
The Manchester men were accused of being inconsistent .
The believed in liberty to compete with the laborer in order to reduce his wages , but not in liberty to compete with the capitalist in order to reduce his usury .
Laissez Faire was very good sauce for the goose , labor , but was very poor sauce for the gander , capital .
But how to correct this inconsistency , how to serve this gander with this sauce , how to put capital at the service of business men and laborers at cost , or free of usury , – that was the problem .
SSA.20 Marx , as we have seen , solved it by declaring capital to be a different thing from product , and maintaining that it belonged to society and should be seized by society and employed for the benefit of all alike .
Proudhon scoffed at this distinction between capital and product .
He maintained that capital and product are not different kinds of wealth , but simply alternate conditions or functions of the same wealth ; that all wealth undergoes an incessant transformation from capital into product and from product back into capital , the process repeating itself interminably ; that capital and product are purely social terms ; that what is product to one man immediately becomes capital to another , and vice versa ; that if there were but one person in the world , all wealth would be to him at once capital and product ; that the fruit of A ’s toil is his product , which , when sold to B , becomes B ’s capital ( unless B is an unproductive consumer , in which case it is merely wasted wealth , outside the view of social economy ) ; that a steam - engine is just as much product as a coat , and that a coat is just as much capital as a steam - engine ; and that the same laws of equity govern the possession of the one that govern the possession of the other .
SSA.21
For these and other reasons Proudhon and Warren found themselves unable to sanction any such plan as the seizure of capital by society .
But , though opposed to socializing the ownership of capital , they aimed nevertheless to socialize its effects by making its use beneficial to all instead of a means of impoverishing the many to enrich the few .
And when the light burst in upon them , they saw that this could be done by subjecting capital to the natural law of competition , thus bringing the price of its own use down to cost , – that is , to nothing beyond the expenses incidental to handling and transferring it .
So they raised the banner of Absolute Free Trade ; free trade at home , as well as with foreign countries ; the logical carrying out of the Manchester doctrine ; laissez faire the universal rule .
Under this banner they began their fight upon monopolies , whether the all - inclusive monopoly of the State Socialists , or the various class monopolies that now prevail .
SSA.22
Of the latter they distinguished four of principal importance : the money monopoly , the land monopoly , the tariff monopoly , and the patent monopoly .
SSA.23
First in the importance of its evil influence they considered the money monopoly , which consists of the privilege given by the government to certain individuals , or to individuals holding certain kinds of property , of issuing the circulating medium , a privilege which is now enforced in this country by a national tax of ten per cent . , upon all other persons who attempt to furnish a circulating medium , and by State laws making it a criminal offense to issue notes as currency .
It is claimed that the holders of this privilege control the rate of interest , the rate of rent of houses and buildings , and the prices of goods , – the first directly , and the second and third indirectly .
For , say Proudhon and Warren , if the business of banking were made free to all , more and more persons would enter into it until the competition should become sharp enough to reduce the price of lending money to the labor cost , which statistics show to be less than three - fourths of once per cent .
In that case the thousands of people who are now deterred from going into business by the ruinously high rates which they must pay for capital with which to start and carry on business will find their difficulties removed .
If they have property which they do not desire to convert into money by sale , a bank will take it as collateral for a loan of a certain proportion of its market value at less than one per cent .
discount .
If they have no property , but are industrious , honest , and capable , they will generally be able to get their individual notes endorsed by a sufficient number of known and solvent parties ; and on such business paper they will be able to get a loan at a bank on similarly favorable terms .
Thus interest will fall at a blow .
The banks will really not be lending capital at all , but will be doing business on the capital of their customers , the business consisting in an exchange of the known and widely available credits of the banks for the unknown and unavailable , but equality good , credits of the customers and a charge therefor of less than one per cent . , not as interest for the use of capital , but as pay for the labor of running the banks .
This facility of acquiring capital will give an unheard of impetus to business , and consequently create an unprecedented demand for labor , – a demand which will always be in excess of the supply , directly to the contrary of the present condition of the labor market .
Then will be seen an exemplification of the words of Richard Cobden that , when two laborers are after one employer , wages fall , but when two employers are after one laborer , wages rise .
Labor will then be in a position to dictate its wages , and will thus secure its natural wage , its entire product .
Thus the same blow that strikes interest down will send wages up .
But this is not all .
Down will go profits also .
For merchants , instead of buying at high prices on credit , will borrow money of the banks at less than one per cent . , buy at low prices for cash , and correspondingly reduce the prices of their goods to their customers .
And with the rest will go house - rent .
For no one who can borrow capital at one per cent .
with which to build a house of his own will consent to pay rent to a landlord at a higher rate than that .
Such is the vast claim made by Proudhon and Warren as to the results of the simple abolition of the money monopoly .
SSA.24 Second in importance comes the land monopoly , the evil effects of which are seen principally in exclusively agricultural countries , like Ireland .
This monopoly consists in the enforcement by government of land titles which do not rest upon personal occupancy and cultivation .
It was obvious to Warren and Proudhon that , as soon as individualists should no longer be protected by their fellows in anything but personal occupancy and cultivation of land , ground - rent would disappear , and so usury have one less leg to stand on .
Their followers of today are disposed to modify this claim to the extent of admitting that the very small fraction of ground - rent which rests , not on monopoly , but on superiority of soil or site , will continue to exist for a time and perhaps forever , though tending constantly to a minimum under conditions of freedom .
But the inequality of soils which gives rise to the economic rent of land , like the inequality of human skill which gives rise to the economic rent of ability , is not a cause for serious alarm even to the most thorough opponent of usury , as its nature is not that of a germ from which other and graver inequalities may spring , but rather that of a decaying branch which may finally wither and fall .
SSA.25
Third , the tariff monopoly , which consists in fostering production at high prices and under unfavorable conditions by visiting with the penalty of taxation those who patronize production at low prices and under favorable conditions .
The evil to which this monopoly gives rise might more properly be called misusury than usury , because it compels labor to pay , not exactly for the use of capital , but rather for the misuse of capital .
The abolition of this monopoly would result in a great reduction in the prices of all articles taxed , and this saving to the laborers who consume these articles would be another step toward securing to the laborer his natural wage , his entire product .
Proudhon admitted , however , that to abolish this monopoly before abolishing the money monopoly would be a cruel and disastrous policy , first , because the evil of scarcity of money , created by the money monopoly , would be intensified by the flow of money out of the country which would be involved in an excess of imports over exports , and , second , because that fraction of the laborers of the country which is now employed in the protected industries would be turned adrift to face starvation without the benefit of the insatiable demand for labor which a competitive money system would create .
Free trade in money at home , making money and work abundant , was insisted upon by Proudhon as a prior condition of free trade in goods with foreign countries .
SSA.26 Fourth , the patent monopoly , which consists in protecting inventors and authors against competition for a period long enough to enable them to extort from the people a reward enormously in excess of the labor measure of their services , – in other words , in giving certain people a right of property for a term of years in laws and facts of Nature , and the power to exact tribute from others for the use of this natural wealth , which should be open to all .
The abolition of this monopoly would fill its beneficiaries with a wholesome fear of competition which would cause them to be satisfied with pay for their services equal to that which other laborers get for theirs , and to secure it by placing their products and works on the market at the outset at prices so low that their lines of business would be no more tempting to competitors than any other lines .
SSA.27
The development of the economic programme which consists in the destruction of these monopolies and the substitution for them of the freest competition led its authors to a perception of the fact that all their thought rested upon a very fundamental principle , the freedom of the individual , his right of sovereignty over himself , his products , and his affairs , and of rebellion against the dictation of external authority .
Just as the idea of taking capital away from individuals and giving it to the government started Marx in a path which ends in making the government everything and the individual nothing , so the idea of taking capital away from government - protected monopolies and putting it within easy reach of all individuals started Warren and Proudhon in a path which ends in making the individual everything and the government nothing .
If the individual has a right to govern himself , all external government is tyranny .
Hence the necessity of abolishing the State .
This was the logical conclusion to which Warren and Proudhon were forced , and it became the fundamental article of their political philosophy .
It is the doctrine which Proudhon named An-archism , a word derived from the Greek , and meaning , not necessarily absence of order , as is generally supposed , but an absence of rule .
The Anarchists are simply unterrified Jeffersonian Democrats .
They believe that “ the best government is that which governs least , ” and that that which governs least is no government at all .
Even the simple police function of protecting person and property they deny to governments supported by compulsory taxation .
Protection they look upon as a thing to be secured , as long as it is necessary , by voluntary association and cooperation for self - defence , or as a commodity to be purchased , like any other commodity , of those who offer the best article at the lowest price .
In their view it is in itself an invasion of the individual to compel him to pay for or suffer a protection against invasion that he has not asked for and does not desire .
And they further claim that protection will become a drug in the market , after poverty and consequently crime have disappeared through the realization of their economic programme .
Compulsory taxation is to them the life - principle of all the monopolies , and passive , but organized , resistance to the tax - collector they contemplate , when the proper time comes , as one of the most effective methods of accomplishing their purposes .
SSA.28
Their attitude on this is a key to their attitude on all other questions of a political or social nature .
In religion they are atheistic as far as their own opinions are concerned , for they look upon divine authority and the religious sanction of morality as the chief pretexts put forward by the privileged classes for the exercise of human authority .
“ If God exists , ” said Proudhon , “ he is man ’s enemy . ”
And in contrast to Voltaire ’s famous epigram , “ If God did not exist , it would be necessary to invent him , ” the great Russian Nihilist , Mikhail Bakunin , placed this antithetical proposition : “ If God existed , it would be necessary to abolish him . ”
But although , viewing the divine hierarchy as a contradiction of Anarchy , they do not believe in it , the Anarchists none the less firmly believe in the liberty to believe in it .
Any denial of religious freedom they squarely oppose .
SSA.29 Upholding thus the right of every individual to be or select his own priest , they likewise uphold his right to be or select his own doctor .
No monopoly in theology , no monopoly in medicine .
Competition everywhere and always ; spiritual advice and medical advice alike to stand or fall on their own merits .
And not only in medicine , but in hygiene , must this principle of liberty be followed .
The individual may decide for himself not only what to do to get well , but what to do to keep well .
No external power must dictate to him what he must and must not eat , drink , wear , or do .
SSA.30 Nor does the Anarchistic scheme furnish any code of morals to be imposed upon the individual .
“ Mind your own business ” is its only moral law .
Interference with another ’s business is a crime and the only crime , and as such may properly be resisted .
In accordance with this view the Anarchists look upon attempts to arbitrarily suppress vice as in themselves crimes .
They believe liberty and the resultant social well - being to be a sure cure for all the vices .
But they recognize the right of the drunkard , the gambler , the rake , and the harlot to live their lives until they shall freely choose to abandon them .
SSA.31
In the matter of the maintenance and rearing of children the Anarchists would neither institute the communistic nursery which the State Socialists favor nor keep the communistic school system which now prevails .
The nurse and the teacher , like the doctor and the preacher , must be selected voluntarily , and their services must be paid for by those who patronize them .
Parental rights must not be taken away , and parental responsibilities must not be foisted upon others .
SSA.32 Even in so delicate a matter as that of the relations of the sexes the Anarchists do not shrink from the application of their principle .
They acknowledge and defend the right of any man and woman , or any men and women , to love each other for as long or as short a time as they can , will , or may .
To them legal marriage and legal divorce are equal absurdities .
They look forward to a time when every individual , whether man or woman , shall be self - supporting , and when each shall have an independent home of his or her own , whether it be a separate house or rooms in a house with others ; when the love relations between these independent individuals shall be as varied as are individual inclinations and attractions ; and when the children born of these relations shall belong exclusively to the mothers until old enough to belong to themselves .
SSA.33 Such are the main features of the Anarchistic social ideal .
There is wide difference of opinion among those who hold it as to the best method of obtaining it .
Time forbids the treatment of that phase of the subject here .
I will simply call attention to the fact that it is an ideal utterly inconsistent with that of those Communists who falsely call themselves Anarchists while at the same time advocating a regime of Archism fully as despotic as that of the State Socialists themselves .
And it is an ideal that can be as little advanced by Prince Kropotkine as retarded by the brooms of those Mrs. Partingtons of the bench who sentence them to prison ; an ideal which the martyrs of Chicago did far more to help by their glorious death upon the gallows for the common cause of Socialism than by their unfortunate advocacy during their lives , in the name of Anarchism , of force as a revolutionary agent and authority as a safeguard of the new social order .
The Anarchists believe in liberty both as an end and means , and are hostile to anything that antagonizes it .
SSA.34 I should not undertake to summarize this altogether too summary exposition of Socialism from the standpoint of Anarchism , did I not find the task already accomplished for me by a brilliant French journalist and historian , Ernest Lesigne , in the form of a series of crisp antithesis ; by reading which to you as a conclusion of this lecture I hope to deepen the impression which it has been my endeavor to make .
SSA.35 “ There are two Socialisms .
One is communistic , the other solidaritarian .
One is dictatorial , the other libertarian .
One is metaphysical , the other positive .
One is dogmatic , the other scientific .
One is emotional , the other reflective .
One is destructive , the other constructive .
Both are in pursuit of the greatest possible welfare for all .
One aims to establish happiness for all , the other to enable each to be happy in his own way .
The first regards the State as a society sui generis , of an especial essence , the product of a sort of divine right outside of and above all society , with special rights and able to exact special obediences ; the second considers the State as an association like any other , generally managed worse than others .
The first proclaims the sovereignty of the State , the second recognizes no sort of sovereign .
One wishes all monopolies to be held by the State ; the other wishes the abolition of all monopolies .
One wishes the governed class to become the governing class ; the other wishes the disappearance of classes .
Both declare that the existing state of things cannot last .
The first considers revolutions as the indispensable agent of evolutions ; the second teaches that repression alone turns evolutions into revolution .
The first has faith in a cataclysm .
The second knows that social progress will result from the free play of individual efforts .
Both understand that we are entering upon a new historic phase .
One wishes that there should be none but proletaires .
The other wishes that there should be no more proletaires .
The first wishes to take everything away from everybody .
The second wishes to leave each in possession of its own .
The one wishes to expropriate everybody .
The other wishes everybody to be a proprietor .
The first says : ‘ Do as the government wishes . ’
The second says : ‘ Do as you wish yourself . ’
The former threatens with despotism .
The latter promises liberty .
The former makes the citizen the subject of the State .
The latter makes the State the employee of the citizen .
One proclaims that labor pains will be necessary to the birth of a new world .
The other declares that real progress will not cause suffering to any one .
The first has confidence in social war .
The other believes only in the works of peace .
One aspires to command , to regulate , to legislate .
The other wishes to attain the minimum of command , of regulation , of legislation .
One would be followed by the most atrocious of reactions .
The other opens unlimited horizons to progress .
The first will fail ; the other will succeed .
Both desire equality .
One by lowering heads that are too high .
The other by raising heads that are too low .
One sees equality under a common yoke .
The other will secure equality in complete liberty .
One is intolerant , the other tolerant .
One frightens , the other reassures .
The first wishes to instruct everybody .
The second wishes to enable everybody to instruct himself .
The first wishes to support everybody .
The second wishes to enable everybody to support himself .
One says :
The land to the State .
The mine to the State .
The tool to the State .
The product to the State .
The other says :
The land to the cultivator .
The mine to the miner .
The tool to the laborer .
The product to the producer .
There are only these two Socialisms .
One is the infancy of Socialism ; the other is its manhood .
One is already the past ; the other is the future .
One will give place to the other .
SSA.36 Today each of us must choose for the one or the other of these two Socialisms , or else confess that he is not a Socialist . ”
Liberty 5.16 , no. 120 ( 10 March 1888 ) , pp. 2 - 3 , 6 .
POSTSCRIPT
SSA.37 Forty years ago , when the foregoing essay was written , the denial of competition had not yet effected the enormous concentration of wealth that now so gravely threatens social order .
It was not yet too late to stem the current of accumulation by a reversal of the policy of monopoly .
The Anarchistic remedy was still applicable .
SSA.38 Today the way is not so clear .
The four monopolies , unhindered , have made possible the modern development of the trust , and the trust is now a monster which I fear , even the freest banking , could it be instituted , would be unable to destroy .
As long as the Standard Oil group controlled only fifty millions of dollars , the institution of free competition would have crippled it hopelessly ; it needed the money monopoly for its sustenance and its growth .
Now that it controls , directly and indirectly , perhaps ten thousand millions , it sees in the money monopoly a convenience , to be sure , but no longer a necessity .
It can do without it .
Were all restrictions upon banking to be removed , concentrated capital could meet successfully the new situation by setting aside annually for sacrifice a sum that would remove every competitor from the field .
Russell Kirsch says he ’s sorry .
More than 50 years ago , Kirsch took a picture of his infant son and scanned it into a computer .
It was the first digital image : a grainy , black - and - white baby picture that literally changed the way we view the world .
With it , the smoothness of images captured on film was shattered to bits .
The square pixel became the norm , thanks in part to Kirsch , and the world got a little bit rougher around the edges .
As a scientist at the National Bureau of Standards in the 1950s , Kirsch worked with the only programmable computer in the United States .
“ The only thing that constrained us was what we imagined , ” he says .
“ So there were a lot of things we thought of doing .
One of which was , what would happen if computers could see the world the way we see it ? ”
Kirsch and his colleagues could n’t possibly know the answer to that question .
Their work laid the foundations for satellite imagery , CT scans , virtual reality and Facebook .
Kirsch made that first digital image using an apparatus that transformed his picture into the binary language of computers , a regular grid of zeros and ones .
A mere 176 by 176 pixels , that first image was built from roughly one one - thousandth the information in pictures captured with today ’s digital cameras .
Back then , the computer ’s memory capacity limited the image ’s size .
But today , bits have become so cheap that a person can walk around with thousands of digital baby photos stored on a pocket - sized device that also makes phone calls , browses the Internet and even takes photos .
Yet science is still grappling with the limits set by the square pixel .
“ Squares was the logical thing to do , ” Kirsch says .
“ Of course , the logical thing was not the only possibility … but we used squares .
It was something very foolish that everyone in the world has been suffering from ever since . ”
Now retired and living in Portland , Oregon , Kirsch recently set out to make amends .
Inspired by the mosaic builders of antiquity who constructed scenes of stunning detail with bits of tile , Kirsch has written a program that turns the chunky , clunky squares of a digital image into a smoother picture made of variably shaped pixels .
He applied the program to a more recent picture of his son , now 53 years old , which appears with Kirsch ’s analysis in the May / June issue of the Journal of Research of the National Institute of Standards and Technology .
“ Finally , ” he says , “ at my advanced age of 81 , I decided that instead of just complaining about what I did , I ought to do something about it . ”
Kirsch ’s method assesses a square - pixel picture with masks that are 6 by 6 pixels each and looks for the best way to divide this larger pixel cleanly into two areas of the greatest contrast .
The program tries two different masks over each area — in one , a seam divides the mask into two rough triangles , and in the other a seam creates two rough rectangles .
Each mask is then rotated until the program finds the configuration that splits the 6 - by - 6 area into sections that contrast the most .
Then , similar pixels on either side of the seam are fused .
Kirsch has also used the program to clean up an MRI scan of his head .
The program may find a home in the medical community , he says , where it ’s standard to feed images such as X - rays into a computer .
Kirsch ’s approach addresses a conundrum that the field of computational photography continues to grapple with , says David Brady , head of Duke University ’s imaging and spectroscopy program in Durham , N.C .
Images built from pixels can show an incredible amount of detail , Brady says .
“ It ’s fun to talk to kids about this because they do n’t know what I ’m talking about anymore , but the snow on analog television — a block - based imager can reconstruct that pattern exactly . ”
But images taken from real life never look like that , Brady says .
Typically , they have several large uniform sections — forehead , red shirt , blue tie .
This means there ’s a high probability that one pixel in an image will look the same as the pixel next to it .
There ’s no need to send all those look - alike pixels as single pieces of information ; the information that ’s really important is where things are different .
“ I always joke that it ’s like Los Angeles weather , ” Brady says .
“ If you were a weatherman in Los Angeles you would almost always be right if you say tomorrow is going to be the same weather as today .
So one thing you can do is say , I ’m going to assume the next pixel is like this one .
Do n’t talk to me , do n’t tell me anything about the image , until you get something different .
A good weatherman in Los Angeles tells you when a big storm is coming .
In an image , that ’s an edge .
You want to assume smoothness but have a measurement system that ’s capable of accurately finding where the edges are . ”
Where Kirsch uses masks to accomplish that task , researchers today typically use equations far more complex than his to strike the balance between shedding unnecessary information and keeping detail .
Pixels are still the starting point of digital pictures today , but math — wavelet theory in particular — is what converts the pixels into the picture .
Wavelet theory takes a small number of measurements and turns them into the best representation of what ’s been measured .
This best estimation of a picture allows a megapixel image to be stored as mere kilobytes of data .
Images : 1 ) This baby picture , scanned in 1957 , was the first digital image .
At 176 by 176 pixels , its size was limited by the memory capacity of the computer .
/ NIST .
2 ) Before transforming the square - pixel image , a close - up of one ear appears as a blocky stack .
The variably shaped pixel treatment turns it back into an ear .
/ NIST .
WASHINGTON — The government is handing out nearly $ 2 billion for new solar plants that President Barack Obama says will create thousands of jobs and increase the use of renewable energy sources .
Obama announced the initiative in his weekly radio and online address Saturday , saying the money is part of his plan to bring new industries to the U.S .
" We 're going to keep competing aggressively to make sure the jobs and industries of the future are taking root right here in America , " Obama said .
The two companies that will receive the money from the president 's $ 862 billion economic stimulus are Abengoa Solar , which will build one of the world 's largest solar plants in Arizona , creating 1,600 construction jobs ; and Abound Solar Manufacturing , which is building plants in Colorado and Indiana .
The Obama administration says those projects will create more than 2,000 construction jobs and 1,500 permanent jobs .
Obama 's announcement came a day after the Labor Department reported that employers slashed payrolls last month for the first time in six months , driven by the expected end of 225,000 temporary census jobs .
Meanwhile , private - sector hiring rose by 83,000 workers .
The unemployment rate dropped to 9.5 percent .
Obama said that while it may take years to bring back all the jobs lost during the recession , the economy is moving in a positive direction .
He placed some of the blame for the slow pace of recovery on Republicans , saying GOP lawmakers , " are playing the same old Washington games and using their power to hold this relief hostage . "
Obama has said that to bring the nation 's economy back from the brink of a depression , it was necessary to add to the country 's debt in the short term .
Republicans have tried to capitalize on that growing sum .
Georgia Sen. Saxby Chambliss said in the Republican 's weekly address that the country 's $ 13 trillion debt is a national security issue that will leave the U.S. vulnerable and force future generations to " pay higher taxes to foot the bill for Democrats ' out - of - control spending . "
------
Online :
Abound Solar Manufacturing : http://abound.com/
© Copyright 2010 Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
A week after suing Arizona and arguing that the state ’s immigration law creates a patchwork of rules , the Obama administration said it will not go after so - called sanctuary cities that refuse to cooperate with the federal government on immigration enforcement , on the grounds that they are not as bad as a state that “ actively interferes . ”
” There is a big difference between a state or locality saying they are not going to use their resources to enforce a federal law , as so - called sanctuary cities have done , and a state passing its own immigration policy that actively interferes with federal law , ” Tracy Schmaler , a spokeswoman for Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. , told The Washington Times .
“ That ’s what Arizona did in this case . ”
But the author of the 1996 federal law that requires states and localities to cooperate with federal authorities on immigration laws thinks the administration is misreading the statute and that sanctuary cities are in violation of federal law .
Drawing a distinction between those localities and Arizona , he said , is “ flimsy justification ” for suing the state .
“ For the Justice Department to suggest that they wo n’t take action against those who passively violate the law who fail to comply with the law is absurd , ” said Rep. Lamar Smith of Texas , the ranking Republican on the House Judiciary Committee and chief author of the 1996 immigration law .
“ Will they ignore individuals who fail to pay taxes ?
Will they ignore banking laws that require disclosure of transactions over $ 10,000 ?
Of course not . ”
Officials in Arizona say they ’ve been unfairly singled out by President Obama and Mr. Holder , who last week sued to overturn Arizona ’s new law , arguing that it could lead to a patchwork of state immigration rules .
Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer and other critics said that sanctuary cities — localities that refuse to check on someone ’s legal status or wo n’t alert immigration authorities when they encounter illegal immigrants — are just as guilty of creating a patchwork of laws , and violate the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 .
Mr. Smith said the administration does n’t appear to understand his law , which requires localities to share information on illegal immigrants with federal authorities .
“ The White House is just plain wrong on the premise since the Arizona law mirrors federal law — it does not ‘ interfere ’ with it , ” he said .
The Arizona law , which goes into effect July 29 unless a court blocks it , requires authorities to inquire about the legal status of any detained person about whom they have reasonable suspicion might be in the country illegally .
The law as amended specifically prohibits using race or ethnicity as a reason for suspicion .
Messages left with Mrs. Brewer ’s office Wednesday were not returned .
But in a statement last week , she said Arizona was being targeted .
“ President Obama ’s administration has chosen to sue Arizona for helping to enforce federal immigration law and not sue local governments that have adopted a patchwork of ‘ sanctuary ’ policies that directly violate federal law .
These patchwork local ‘ sanctuary ’ policies instruct the police not to cooperate with federal immigration officials , ” she said .
Mr. Obama took an active role in targeting Arizona , including ordering the Justice Department to get involved .
But on sanctuary cities , the White House has deflected questions , first telling a reporter it would get an answer about the president ’s thinking but eventually shifting questions over to the Justice Department .
In his original directions to Justice to review the Arizona law , Mr. Obama asked for lawyers to look into potential conflicts with federal immigration law and potential civil rights violations , such as racial profiling .
When it was filed July 6 , though , the Justice Department lawsuit attacked the law only as an infringement on federal prerogatives .
It did not make any accusations that the law violates civil rights , though Mr. Holder threatened a second lawsuit on that issue during on Sunday ’s political talk shows .
Assistant Attorney General for Civil Rights Thomas Perez defended the Arizona lawsuit on Monday , telling the American Constitution Society that the federal government can’t tolerate different policies .
“ You cannot have a system of 50 quarterbacks in the immigration system because immigration includes issues of law enforcement , it involves decisions with implications in foreign policy , it involves incidents with humanitarian implications , and you ca n’t have 50 states making immigration law and have a coherent system , ” Mr. Perez said , according to MainJustice.com , which covers the Justice Department .
But defenders say Arizona ’s law would be a problem only if it conflicted with Congress ’ immigration policy .
On Wednesday , Michigan Attorney General Michael A .
Cox filed a friend - of - the - court brief in the federal lawsuit arguing that Arizona ’s law is consistent with what Congress intended .
He was joined by attorneys general from eight states and one territory .
The Arizona law has become a flash point for the broader immigration debate , with polls showing a majority of voters supporting the crackdown .
Arizona officials have said the federal government has failed in its responsibility to police the borders , and the state is experiencing a crime wave spurred by illegal immigration .
They have said the new law is meant to fill in the gaps in enforcement .
On Wednesday , two Republican senators — Jim DeMint of South Carolina and David Vitter of Louisiana — announced that they will introduce an amendment to a bill that would halt the Justice Department lawsuit by denying it federal funding .
Sanctuary cities are difficult to categorize , and there is no hard - and - fast rule for the label .
A 2007 report from the Justice Department ’s inspector general found 15 cities that do n’t regularly inform federal authorities when they arrest an illegal immigrant , and 10 cities that would n’t regularly tell authorities when a known illegal immigrant was being released from custody , either of which could be viewed as shielding illegal immigrants from detection .
The IG report said two jurisdictions — Oregon , and the city and county of San Francisco — acknowledge themselves as sanctuaries .
It also said that many cities that are categorized as sanctuaries include language in their policies requiring local authorities to cooperate to the extent required by federal law .
A 2005 report by the Congressional Research Service listed 32 jurisdictions it said might be considered sanctuary cities .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Job seekers take note : Resumes printed on heavy paper stock are likely considered more seriously than those on lightweight sheets .
That 's the finding of a new study that reveals our sense of touch unconsciously influences our thoughts and moods .
" When people physically experience weight — when they feel heavy things — it makes them see the world in a more serious and important way , " said study leader Joshua Ackerman .
Ackerman and colleagues created six experiments where they gave people similar objects of different textures and weights , such as heavy or light clipboards and rough or smooth jigsaw puzzle pieces .
Handling the objects affected the subjects ' impressions and decisions , the study found .
For instance , when seated in a wooden chair instead of a cushioned chair , people were more rigid in negotiations over the price of a new car .
" Turns out , you sit in a hard chair , you become less willing to negotiate , " said Ackerman , an assistant professor of marketing at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
Overall , holding rough objects made subjects feel that social interactions were more difficult , the study noted .
" Rough Day " Not Just a Saying
The relationship between touch and thought likely begins at birth , scientists believe .
( Test your knowledge of your brain . )
Our first experiences are physical , Ackerman noted .
As we grow older and interact with the world in more abstract ways , we continue to draw on physical experiences to communicate .
Hence the terms " rough days " and " weighty decisions , " he said .
" So a lot of the particular physical experiences that we have naturally sort of become tied to , or associate with , our mental understanding of the world , " he said .
" And when that happens , those ties , those associations , they do n't ever disappear .
So you can actually trigger changes of people 's understanding of the world by having them experience different physical experiences . "
The new findings , Ackerman added , can be used by marketers , designers , and pollsters " to shape the ways people interpret the situations they are in . "
Sleeping while at work is generally considered to be unacceptable behavior by most U.S. employers .
With some types of work falling asleep can be dangerous , while with other types such as office work , falling asleep implies one ’s failure to be available for productive work during a specified time .
There is no tradition in this country of a post - lunch or afternoon Siesta .
Yet dozens of studies agree that the U.S. is a sleep - deprived nation .
A National Commission on Sleep Disorders , 2003 reported : “ Sleep deprivation costs $ 150 billion each year in higher stress and reduced worker productivity . ”
In the early 1980s I tried to imagine desks that would accommodate an employee ’s need for a quick nap .
While I was working on these designs , the American office itself was changing .
The purpose and design of the desk was being redefined .
The Computer Revolution had arrived .
Here , an employee takes a break from working on her Mac Plus .
She climbs into her soft , comfortable and soundproofed File Cabinet Sleeping Quarters for a quick nap .
As the computer took over more office functions , the concept of the Work Station emerged .
I wondered if it would be possible to acknowledge the way workers were increasingly stuck at their stations by designing the workstation and the office chair together as a unit .
Aside from needing to walk down the hall to take a bathroom break or to eat lunch , one might never have to move from one ’s workstation .
In this concept the chair flattens out for naps .
And I tried incorporating a snack machine into the design .
The employee would rarely have an excuse for leaving his or her station .
By 1990 I had started to worry about what the future held for office workers .
Might they become prisoners at their jobs and be required as a condition of employment to never leave the office , day or night ?
Would their work stations become their homes ?
Here I showed how an employee ’s life had been reduced to a few functions , accommodated in an enlarged Live - in Work Station .
In this concept , I imagined that the office worker needed to ask for permission to have social interactions outside of the office building , knowing that his or her Full - Life Pay would be reduced based on the amount of time spent away from the job .
While some of my designs for Live - in Work Stations lacked bathroom facilities , others included them .
In some of my concepts , tall cubicle walls supported an accordion - style , folding , sound - proofed ceiling allowing one to sleep – or meditate – peacefully inside .
A sign saying “ Do Not Disturb ” could be hung from the doorknob .
One of my concepts that might end up in the Never Going To Happen category is Nappers ’ Cubicles for seniors .
As recently as 2005 , when this was drawn , trends were forecast that showed incomes remaining fixed during retirement at a time of rising health care costs , forcing many senior citizens to remain at the job past age 65 .
Giving the trend a positive twist , cheery articles appeared in AARP , The Magazine that showed smiling seniors eagerly making use of job skills late into their 70s !
Believing that the forecast was accurate , I reasoned that it would become law for companies to offer napping facilities for senior employees .
Yet the current severe economic downturn has upended that prediction .
Even though the number of elderly Americans as a percent of the population continues to rise , the availability of jobs for all citizens has been gutted .
Now , most seniors who need extra income find themselves unemployable .
Ageism , a term applied to discrimination in the hiring or firing of senior employees , suddenly seems like a meaningless issue .
With large numbers of citizens of all ages competing for the same few jobs , almost everyone can feel discriminated against , or as was said about African - Americans , they may become “ the last to be hired and the first to be fired . ”
Nappers ’ Cubicles , a cute idea , might need to go in my Clever Ideas Waste Bin .
With the summer solstice now two weeks gone , the northern hemisphere is heating up .
High temperatures in some places have made working difficult and have taxed power grids as usage of electricity neared record levels in the U.S.
This past weekend , the United States celebrated its 234th birthday on July 4th , with fireworks , parades and many other outdoor activities .
Collected here today are a handful of recent photographs of people ( and animals ) either trying to beat the heat , or just enjoying a sunny summer 's day .
( 40 photos total
Ontario Place , a fading Toronto icon , will soon be torn down and replaced by a newer version to restore the park to its former glory .
The provincial Crown corporation has put out a formal request for ideas to completely redevelop its 39 - hectare ( 96 - acre ) space along Lake Ontario , which will probably result in the removal of features , such as the once groundbreaking Cinesphere , that have grown tired .
“ It ’s very early .
But this is exciting , ” said Tim Casey , the general manager of Ontario Place .
“ 2011 will be our 40th anniversary .
It definitely needs a revitalization , that ’s no surprise .
It ’s a blank slate , we ’re open to just about anything . ”
Ideas have to be in by Sept. 10 , with a more formal request for proposals to follow .
A winning plan will hopefully be selected by the summer of 2011 .
Major work should begin in two to four years .
The project might represent the greatest opportunity in the world for a private firm to completely reshape a large section of waterfront along a major city .
Long past its landmark years , Ontario Place has become basically irrelevant to locals and visitors to Toronto .
“ The park is really for younger kids , ” said Melissa McKernan , who works at Beaver Tails Pastry inside Ontario Place .
She said , despite the beautiful weather on a Thursday night along the waterfront , it ’s typically quiet .
“ I see a couple come in thinking it ’s going to be like Canada ’s Wonderland and walk around all day with nothing to do . ”
To reshape the space , Casey said a public - private partnership is being sought , that could include a combination of partners to work with Ontario Place to make the “ jewel along the waterfront ” an internationally recognized destination .
It should also reconnect the space with the rest of the waterfront and the city it ’s become cut off from .
The sky is truly the limit .
When asked whether an iconic arts building such as the famed Sydney Opera House , or an amusement park feature like the towering London Eye might highlight the new design , Casey said , “ We ’re not only looking for one iconic structure , we ’re looking for the entire park to be developed into that type of destination . ”
Even a university building and campus space might be a great feature , he said .
Casey added that the design will have to move Ontario Place from a summertime destination to a “ 365 - day - a - year operation .
We want features and facilities that wo n’t be dependent on the weather . ”
Attendance to Ontario Place has dropped considerably since the 2.5 million annual visitors it received after it opened in 1971 , with a price tag of $ 29 million .
Of the roughly 1 million visitors last year , half went to watch concerts at the amphitheatre , Casey said .
Attendance has been at the same level for the past five years .
When asked whether the Cinesphere ( the world ’s first permanent IMAX theatre ) or any of the other pavilion complexes at Ontario Place might be torn down , Casey said most likely .
The Ministry of Tourism oversees Ontario Place and Casey said provincial officials , as well as Toronto Mayor David Miller , have been consulted throughout the process that led to Thursday ’s announcement .
Government funding from all three levels would be welcome , Casey said , but until a final plan is zeroed in on and private partners are in place with a financing scheme , it ’s too early to start requesting funds .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
“ We have had cursory talks with Metrolinx and the TTC about the development of new transportation into the park as part of the redevelopment , but even that is at a very early stage .
Right now we ’re just asking for the vision to turn Ontario Place into what it once was : A real jewel on the lake .
With files from Jayme Poisson
Once again John Hussman has written an excellent weekly column .
This week , in Misallocating Resources , Hussman talks about stock market valuations , PE ratios , bailouts , and other things .
Let 's start with a look at stock market valuations .
Market Valuations and Earnings Estimates
From Hussman ...
On a valuation basis , the S&P 500 remains about 40 % above historical norms on the basis of normalized earnings .
The disparity between our valuation assessment and the putative undervaluation being touted by Wall Street analysts is so great that a few remarks are in order .
First , virtually every assessment that " stocks are cheap " here is based on the ratio of the S&P 500 to year - ahead operating earnings estimates , and often comes with a comparison of the resulting " earnings yield " with the depressed 10 - year Treasury yield .
What 's fascinating about this is that this is the same basis on which analysts deemed stocks to be about 40 % undervalued just prior to the 2007 top , following which the market plunged by more than half .
There 's a great deal of analysis regarding forward operating earnings that I published in 2007 , but probably the most comprehensive piece was Long Term Evidence on the Fed Model and Forward Operating P/E Ratios from August 20 , 2007 .
Optimism is Insane
Continuing with Hussman ...
When you hear analysts say that the historical average P/E ratio is about 15 , you have to recognize that this is the normal P/E based on trailing 12 - month earnings after subtracting all writeoffs and other charges .
Forward operating earnings are invariably much higher , and it turns out that the comparable historical norm , as I discuss in that 2007 piece , is only about 12 .
If you exclude the late 1990 's bubble valuations , you get a historical norm closer to 11.5 .
The 1982 and 1974 market lows occurred at about 6 times estimated forward operating earnings .
A final observation is crucial .
Current forward operating earnings estimates assume profit margins for the S&P 500 companies that are nearly 50 % above their long - term historical norms .
While we did observe such profit margins for a brief shining moment in 2007 , profit margins are extraordinarily cyclical .
Investors will walk themselves over a cliff if they price stocks as if profit margins , going forward , will be dramatically and sustainably higher than U.S. companies achieved in all of market history .
Bill Hester provides more insight on Wall Street earnings projections in his latest research piece Wall Street Earnings Expectations Ignore Economic Divergences
Now switching to Bill Hester ...
This week brings the official start to second - quarter earnings announcements .
As the mechanism for data delivery gets switched from the faucet to the fire hose , investors may want to keep a few things in mind as the reporting season progresses .
Lofty earnings expectations result in poor stock market performance , on average .
The chart below gives one perspective into how bullish stock analysts currently are .
The data is compiled by Ned Davis and it shows the median estimated one - year earnings growth rate for the companies in the S&P 500 .
Analysts are now forecasting more than 21 percent earnings growth for the median stock over the next year , a record level in the 30 years of data .
As John Hussman noted in Recession Warning , three of the four metrics that provided a warning of an approaching recession in 2007 are in place .
A drop in the PMI index to 54 or below is the remaining indicator in that original set of metrics that has n't signaled .
The chart shows the growing divergence between expectations for earnings and the global PMI indexes .
The spread between the changes in global PMI Indexes and global earnings expectations is an increasing concern , especially considering the evidence that increases the probability of renewed economic weakness .
Earnings growth forecasts have never been higher measured by the median expectation .
This alone , typically leads to poor stock performance .
The growing gap between PMI Indexes and earnings expectations increases these potential risks .
Commenting on Public Policy
Misallocating resources
There is little question that we have , for more than a decade , squandered our productive resources in the pursuit of bubbles .
Almost unbelievably , real private gross domestic investment is lower today than it was 12 years ago , and much of the gross domestic investment that we have made in the interim has been destroyed in mispriced speculative activity such as residential construction and commercial real estate development .
If our only response to excess consumption is to pull out all the stops trying to " stimulate " consumption every time it falters ; if our only response to reckless lending is to defend the bondholders every time their poor allocation of capital threatens to produce a loss for them , then quite simply , we will destroy our economy , our future , and our standard of living .
The last thing I want to be is a cheerleader for the bears here .
But quite honestly , it 's difficult to envision a return to long - term saving , productive investment , and thoughtful allocation of capital until - as happens every two or three decades - the speculative elements of Wall Street are crushed to powder .
With regard to education , my impression is that the educational sector in the U.S. is about as inflexible the European labor market - the entire structure is hugely inefficient because it is detached from measures of quality and student time - on - task , undercompensating many excellent teachers and at the same time institutionalizing the employment of poor ones .
Meanwhile , the failure of parents to maintain a heavy involvement in their kids ' education , in the belief that the responsibility for education , personal responsibility and moral development can simply be thrust onto teachers , is a problem that money alone can't address .
If we as a nation fail to allow market discipline , to create incentives for research and development , to discourage speculative bubbles , to accumulate productive capital , and to maintain adequate educational achievement and human capital , the real wages of U.S. workers will slide toward those of developing economies .
The real income of a nation is identical its real output - one cannot grow independent of the other .
Key Points
Sharply rising earnings estimates do not match the fundamentals
It is easy to get sucked into believing " stocks are cheap " by focusing on wildly optimistic forward earnings estimates .
Stimulating consumption when the problem is debt cannot possibly work , something I said last week in a Tech Ticker segment " Stimulus Will Fail Like it Always Does "
We have squandered our real wealth in pursuit of bubbles , while bailing out those most responsible
A rare busy news week disrupts the Three Who Rule and their summer slacking off .
Series 6 ramblings , fictitious awards , DVD news and talk of the SPACE premiere of The Big Bang at least help to kill some of the time until the Christmas special .
The guys soldier on with the Classic Series Commentaries by looking at the first full story recorded with Peter Davison , Four to Doomsday .
Which actor will Steven fall in love with this week ? ,
Just how saucy will the lads be in this installment ?
And what will the randomizer force upon them next week ?
There ’s only one way to know – have a listen !
Why are " women of a certain age " having a cultural moment ?
Maybe because they 've survived all the bullshit .
Advertisement
Writes Michael Quintanilla of the Houston Chronicle , " From the small screen to the silver , on stage and magazine covers , in books and crooning on CDs , Hollywood 's women of a certain age - or agelessness - are proving they are as relevant and more popular than ever . "
His examples : " Betty White , 88 ; Joan Rivers , 77 ; Doris Day , 88 ; Elizabeth Taylor , 78 ; Liza Minnelli , 65 ; Cher , 64 and Raquel Welch who turns 70 in a few weeks . "
Quintanilla quotes Welch , who explains her fame thus :
In my youth I felt more like a sex symbol .
But as I celebrate my 70th , it 's really my life experiences that have made me a more interesting person to myself and hopefully to my fans .
It also counts that I 'm very resilient and love to work .
Advertisement
Resilience does seem to be a common feature of the women Quintanilla lists — Rivers , Taylor , and Minnelli , at least , have been through some shit ( and in some cases started it ) .
Of course , the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune do n't strike women alone , but for a glimpse of what ladies have to contend with as they age , let 's take a look at ( bear with me ) the Japanese Ministry of Health , Labor and Welfare .
The ministry says Japanese women have the longest lifespan in the world again this year , significantly longer than Japanese men .
One reason may be that women in Japan commit suicide at lower rates than men , which an anonymous official from the ministry explains like so :
Men are more exposed to the realities of society and have more things to worry about , particularly at work .
Right — since women have it so easy , it 's no wonder they live so long .
Mores surrounding suicide in Japanese culture aside , the main reason why successful old ladies are fascinating is that it 's so hard to be a woman , especially once you 're too old to be considered cute .
And if you make it to post - sex - symbol age yet still manage to be famous , you 're pretty much forced to create a unique identity for yourself since there are so few models .
Maybe that 's why we like Betty White so much — she 's doing something very few other people do .
In societies where women are expected to turn invisible when they hit 40 , to remain a mouthy broad well into one 's post - menopausal years is its own form of rebellion .
You could argue that several of the women on Quintanilla 's list have been freed up for mouthiness precisely because they aged out of the sex symbol category , and indeed , many older women speak of the liberation that comes from no longer being a part of the sexual economy .
Of course , many women manage to have both sex and freedom — and not all the ladies Quintanilla mentions have given up on conventional standards of beauty ( as a glance at Joan Rivers 's plastic surgery bills would no doubt attest ) .
Still , there 's something hopeful about a phase of life when the relentless people - pleasing that is mainstream female sexuality ceases to be a priority .
Women may have to endure a lot of bullshit — including the claim that our lives are somehow cushy — but at least , sometimes , we get the last laugh .
Advertisement
Time Seems To Be On Side Of Some Hollywood Legends [ Houston Chronicle ]
Japan Women Have Longest Lifespan For 25 Years
In Row [ Washington Post ]
The oil spill resulting from a pipeline explosion in the port city of Dalian on July 16 this being cleaned up by a small army of fisherman , locals , and government workers manning over 250 oil - skimming vessels and 8,000 fishing boats - much of the work being done by hand .
The spill , now contained according to authorities , grew to 430 square kilometers ( 165 sq mi ) , but was prevented from fouling international waters .
The explosion was due to improper desulfurizer injections into the pipeline , according to a report by Xinhua , China 's state news agency .
As workers continue their efforts and watchdog groups like Greenpeace level criticism for what they call an inadequate response to date , Dalian Port has already resumed operations at two of its oil berths , the company said on Sunday .
( 38 photos total
A Game of Atomic Poker Britain 's Nuclear Renaissance in Doubt under New Government
Britain 's previous government had visions of a nuclear renaissance for the country .
But the new energy minister in London is an atomic energy opponent and utility companies , including two based in Germany , fear he may derail their plans .
Among the ninety - one thousand or so documents from the Afghan war released by WikiLeaks Sunday is an incident report dated November 22 , 2009 , submitted by a unit called Task Force Pegasus .
It describes how a convoy was stopped on a road in southern Afghanistan at an illegal checkpoint manned by what appeared to be a hundred insurgents , “ middle - age males with approx 75 x AK - 47 ’s and 15 x PKM’s . ”
What could be scarier than that ?
Maybe what the soldiers found out next : these were n’t “ insurgents ” at all , at least not in the die - hard jihadi sense that the American public might understand the term .
The gunmen were quite willing to let the convoy through , if the soldiers just forked over a two - or three - thousand - dollar bribe per truck ; and they were in the pay of a local warlord , Matiullah Khan , who was himself in the pay , ultimately , of the American public .
According to a Times report this June ( six months after the incident with Task Force Pegasus ) , Matiullah earns millions of dollars from NATO , supposedly to keep that road clear for convoys and help with American special - forces missions .
Matiullah is also suspected of ( and has denied ) earning money “ facilitating the movement of drugs along the highway . ”
That is good to know .
The Obama Administration has already expressed dismay that WikiLeaks publicized the documents , but a leak informing us that our tax dollars may be being used as seed money for a protection racket associated with a narcotics - trafficking enterprise is a good leak to have .
And the checkpoint incident is , again , only one report , from one day .
It will take some time to go through everything WikiLeaks has to offer — the documents cover the period from January , 2004 , to December , 2009 — but it is well worth it , especially since the war in Afghanistan is not winding down , but ramping up .
( Also very helpful : Raffi Khatchadourian ’s piece for The New Yorker on WikiLeaks and its founder , Julian Assange . )
WikiLeaks gave an advance look at the papers to the Times , the German weekly Der Spiegel , and the British Guardian , and all three were convinced that the documents were genuine .
( The Times and Guardian both called the collection “ The War Logs . ” Der Spiegel went with the Ludlumesque rubric “ The Afghanistan Protocols ” ; its package also has a sidebar titled “ The Naivete of the Germans . ” )
Reporters at each of those publications have already zeroed in on some fascinating items , including revelations about an assassination squad called Task Force 373 , connections between the Taliban and Pakistani military intelligence , and the incident I described above .
One of the Times ’s prime concerns was whether the files caught this or the previous Administration , or the American military , in any outright lies .
While it did find “ misleading statements ” on matters such as the Taliban ’s use of heat - seeking missiles , and much that had been “ hidden from the public eye , ” the Times decided that
Over all , the documents do not contradict official accounts of the war .
One should pause there .
What does it mean to tell the truth about a war ?
Is it a lie , technically speaking , for the Administration to say that it has faith in Hamid Karzai ’s government and regards him as a legitimate leader — or is it just absurd ?
Is it a lie to say that we have a plan for Afghanistan that makes any sense at all ?
If you put it that way , each of the WikiLeaks documents — from an account of an armed showdown between the Afghan police and the Afghan Army , to a few lines about a local interdiction official taking seventy - five - dollar bribes , to a sad exchange about an aid scam involving orphans — is a pixel in a picture that does , indeed , contradict official accounts of the war , and rather drastically so .
But after more than eight years at war , how carefully are we even looking at Afghanistan ?
The Times had a piece in Sunday ’s paper on the strange truth that our expenditure since 9/11 of a trillion dollars on two wars has barely scraped our consciousness .
Fifty - eight Americans have died in Afghanistan so far this month ; one of them — Edwin Wood , of Omaha — was eighteen years old .
Maybe the WikiLeaks documents will make those numbers less abstract .
This stash will be compared to the Pentagon Papers , and in some ways that ’s right —
WikiLeaks , like Daniel Ellsberg , has been accused of ignoring the national interest .
( An unfair charge , unless by “ national interest ” one means the political interests of a particular Administration . )
But the Pentagon Papers were a synthetic analysis , a history of the war in Vietnam .
WikiLeaks has given us research materials for a history of the war in Afghanistan .
To make full use of them , we will , again , have to think hard about what we are trying to learn :
Is it what we are doing , day to day , on the ground in Afghanistan , and how we could do it better ?
Or what we are doing in Afghanistan at all ?
We might also use the papers to ask ourselves , more than we have , how the Afghans see the war .
Can we expect them to understand that we mean well when we hit the wrong house with a strike from one of our drones — which , according to these documents , are less effective than we ’d like to think ?
How does our talk about democracy sound to them ?
One document , which has already been widely quoted , is the report of the provincial reconstruction team for Paktia , which met with members of a local council and was told that
The Chamkani Chief of Police and the Danwa Patan District Commissioner are fighting for the control ( earnings ) of illegal checkpoints .
The people of Afghanistan keep loosing [ sic ] their trust in the government because of the high amount of corrupted government officials .
The general view of the Afghans is that the current government is worst than the Taliban .
At the meeting , an old Afghan man spoke scornfully of democracy , which he saw as little more than a guarantee of an equal right to bribe .
In response , the reconstruction team ’s first recommendation was to
DO an Information Operation campaign explaining [ to ] the Afghan people : What DEMOCRACY is ?
How a democratic systems works ?
What they can do to report wrong doing ?
( The last only if there will be real consequences to the wrong doing , if not the confidents / narrators will be squash[ed ] by the system ) .
That is a very big if .
In that parenthetical , one glimpses the failure of our war .
We may be the ones being shaken down on the highway , but from an Afghan perspective we are , by aligning ourselves with and propping up Hamid Karzai , also deploying the bandits .
We are robbing ourselves , both of our purse and of our good name .
Photograph : Leon Neal / Getty Images .
Peer review serves as a critical sanity check for the scientific literature .
It is by no means a perfect system — flaws ranging from outright fraud to subtle errors can easily slip past reviewers — but peer review can generally identify cases where a paper 's conclusions are n't supported by the underlying data , or the authors are unaware of other relevant papers , etc .
As a result , peer review acts as a key barrier to prevent scientifically unsound ideas from attracting undeserved attention from the scientific community .
So , does it make any sense to push unreviewed material onto the public ?
For better or worse , science journalists have discovered preprint repositories like the arXiv , in which scientists post both final papers and works - in - progress — papers that have n't yet cleared the hurdle of peer review .
The lure of the arXiv is pretty understandable .
Unlike the tightly controlled world of scientific journals and their press releases , where editors give everyone the same tips on what stories to cover and embargo limits on when the coverage can appear , the arXiv is the Wild West .
If you find something obscure there , you 're likely to get the jump on covering it , instead of being part of the herd that releases variations on the same story within minutes of each other .
And there 's some pretty mind - blowing stuff lurking in the arXiv .
Ars recently received a tip to check out a paper that suggests Bell 's Inequalities are simply a big misunderstanding , and we 've spent decades chasing a phenomenon — quantum entanglement — that does n't actually exist .
These sorts of fringe ideas sometimes do make it into the scientific literature , but they generally do n't , and rarely have much of an impact if they do .
( In fact , if a paper lingers in the arXiv for years without ever finding a publisher , that 's probably saying something about its science . )
So , does it make sense to forward it on to the public as science news ?
Doing so runs the risk of emphasizing hype instead of solid science , and can substitute the writer 's expertise for that of actual scientists .
We struggle with these decisions as part of preparing the news for Ars .
We regularly see difficult - to - believe stories being widely reported , but decide against covering them simply because the source is an arXiv paper that has n't yet made it through peer review .
That 's not to say that there are n't ways to handle arXiv publications well .
A recent story by our sister publication Wired included the sort of thing that peer review is supposed to provide : a scientist not involved in the work is quoted as saying that the paper lacks some key details , making it impossible to evaluate .
Of course , that seems a significant enough issue to raise questions about whether the paper merited coverage at all .
In other cases , the arXiv is the only way to provide in - depth coverage .
News broke that NASA would be doing a major data release from its Kepler probe before the space agency even got a press release out ; given a choice between arXiv papers and third parties or a press release , the arXiv wins hands down .
And , in this case , the instrument and analysis pipeline for its data went through a great deal of peer review during their design phase , which involved large teams of scientists and engineers .
The Kepler article provides a model for what you can expect when Ars has to dive into the arXiv : we 'll warn you about the fact that the paper has n't been through peer review , and we 'll consider its reliability carefully .
And , in any case where we do n't feel we can accurately perform that evaluation , we wo n't cover it .
The downside is that you probably wo n't be hearing that gravity does n't exist from us .
But hopefully , we 'll make up for that with a bit of reliability .
The Houston Dynamo signed midfielder Anthony Obodai on Tuesday , pending arrival of his International Transfer Certificate from the Netherlands .
Obodai could be available to play in Thursday night ’s SuperLiga opener against Pachuca .
He will occupy an international roster slot .
Per team and league policy , terms of the contract were not released .
Obodai , 27 , comes to Houston from the Dutch club RKC Waalwijk , where he had played since 2007 .
Obodai began his professional career with famed Dutch power Ajax before moving on to Sparta Rotterdam .
He has made three appearances for Ghana in international play , including a World Cup qualifier against Burkina Faso in 2004 .
He also appeared for Ghana in the 2001 FIFA World Youth Championship , helping the Black Stars reach the final before losing to Argentina .
Obodai spent two weeks on trial with the Dynamo in June , starting in friendly wins against Laredo in Corpus Christi on June 10 and against Aguila in the Dynamo Charities Cup on June 19 .
“ He knows the position , ” Dynamo head coach Dominic Kinnear said .
“ He is good on the ball , he does n’t get rattled under pressure , and he knows his way around the field . ”
In other moves Tuesday , the Dynamo released forward Luis Angel Landín and announced the departure of assistant coach John Spencer , who has resigned for personal reasons .
Spencer has been an assistant to head coach Dominic Kinnear since the Dynamo arrived in Houston prior to the 2006 season and was a part of both championship teams in 2006 and 2007 .
He also oversaw the Dynamo Reserves from 2006 - 08 , including a 2008 Reserve Division championship .
Landín joined the club in August 2009 as its first designated player .
He scored two goals and had three assists in 20 appearances for the club while battling through injuries .
“ We are sorry things did n’t work out with Luis Landín , ” Dynamo Chief Operating Officer Chris Canetti said .
“ Our hopes and expectations for this signing were never met .
We believe it is the right time for the club and Luis to move forward .
We wish him well in the future . ”
Tickets for Dynamo games and the 2010 AT&T MLS All - Star Game at Houston ’s Reliant Stadium are available via HoustonDynamo.com or by calling ( 713 ) 276-7500 .
The Houston Dynamo are a Major League Soccer club that has won two MLS Cup championships in its first four seasons and represented the United States in international competition in four consecutive years .
For more information , log on to www.HoustonDynamo.com or call ( 713 ) 276-7500 .
Join us on Facebook !
FREE DMING E-BOOK Less Prep. Better Games .
Subscribe to our DM tools and tips newsletter and get a free e-book .
Enter your name & email below .
D&D Blog »
Over 10,000 D&D enthusiasts make our award - winning blog a part of their daily routine .
Kick back , relax , and enjoy a few minutes of geek entertainment .
Streamline your D&D sessions – especially combat encounters !
Create , save , and share your monsters , traps , magic items .
All the info you need for a single encounter on a single screen .
Our Games »
Rules - light , fun - heavy .
That ’s our motto .
Our most popular game is Zombie Murder Mystery , a party roleplaying game of who - done - it .
You can learn the game in minutes .
RPG Marketplace »
Purchase original RPGs online or sell your own RPGs directly through our website for free in our RPG Marketplace !
It ’s very simple for both buyers and sellers .
More Fun »
( PhysOrg.com ) --
A remarkable piece of Neolithic rock art , unlike anything previously found in Eastern England , has been unearthed in the Cambridgeshire village of Over .
The hand - sized artefact , which could date back to 2,500 BC , was found by a participant in a geological weekend course which was being run by the University of Cambridge 's Institute for Continuing Education .
It consists of a hand - sized slab of weathered sandstone with two pairs of concentric circles etched into the surface - a motif which , according to archaeologists , is typical of " Grooved Ware " art from the later Neolithic era .
While examples of similar Grooved Ware art have been discovered at sites elsewhere in the UK , this is the first time that any such find has been encountered in Eastern England , which may provide more information about the connections of the communities who inhabited the area 4,500 years ago .
The motives of whoever created the design are unclear .
Researchers say that it could represent the ornamental efforts of a Prehistoric Picasso , but may just as easily have been an aimless inscription .
" It really is a fantastic find ; certainly we have had nothing like it from any of our sites before , " Dr. Chris Evans , Director of the Cambridge Archaeological Unit , which operates out of the Department of Archaeology at the University of Cambridge , said .
" In fact , it 's unique in Eastern England , with the nearest comparable example being the similar scratch patterns on a sandstone plaque from a Grooved Ware site in Leicestershire .
Otherwise you would have to look to Wessex or Northern Britain and the much more formal Megalithic Art of the period . "
" The big question in the case of the Over stone is whether we should actually be calling it meaningful art , or if it amounted to no more than Neolithic doodling .
Either way it 's a great find . "
The stone will make its first public appearance since the discovery was made this Saturday ( July 17th ) , when it will go on display at Over Village Carnival .
It was found by Susie Sinclair , who was taking part in the weekend course led by Dr Peter Sheldon ( from the Department of Earth and Environmental Sciences , The Open University ) at Hanson Aggregates ' Needingworth Quarry .
The quarry lies north and west of Over alongside the River Great Ouse .
The Cambridge Archaeological Unit has been excavating sites within the quarry for 15 years , partly in an effort to better understand the shape and nature of the landscape in prehistoric times .
The remains of several settlement clusters from the late Neolithic period have already been found .
The Over stone , however , was hidden in the quarry 's spoil , one of the heaps of waste geological materials discarded by quarry workers .
Researchers believe it had been deposited within one of the river 's ancient palaeochannels crossing the area and that , with the existing information they have about the geographical layout of the region , the point where it was found can be reconstructed with relative ease .
The area around Over and the River Great Ouse would have looked dramatically different 4,500 years ago .
Huge , " S " shaped bends from the river originally meandered across the fens and efforts to tame them only really began in earnest in the late medieval period .
According to the latest research , at the time the Over stone was being carved , the countryside would have been dominated by the snaking course of the river , its tributary channels and flooding .
This would essentially have broken the area up into a delta - like landscape of small islands , channels and marshlands .
Explore further Megalithic rock art discovered in Anglesey
More information : Further information about the Cambridge Archaeological Unit and its work in the area can be found at : Further information about the Cambridge Archaeological Unit and its work in the area can be found at : www-cau.arch.cam.ac.uk /
President Obama goes one - on - one with Larry King on Thursday night to talk about the oil spill , economic turmoil and war .
Do n't miss the president on " Larry King Live , " 9 p.m. ET Thursday , only on CNN .
( CNN ) --
In the weeks since an oil rig exploded and later sank into the Gulf of Mexico , President Obama has dealt with the tragedy with his signature cool , calm and collected approach .
But with the oil still gushing in what is now the worst spill in U.S. history and the environmental devastation coming ashore , the president is becoming a target of the anger that was originally directed only at BP .
" One time , go off ! " director Spike Lee urged on CNN's " AC 360° . "
" If there 's any one time to go off , this is it , because this is a disaster . "
Lee 's sentiment echoes the frustration of people who want to see Obama get loud , take charge and inspire them like he did during his presidential run .
Recalling then - candidate Obama 's ability to rouse crowds into chants of " Yes , we can , " presidential historian Douglas Brinkley said , " There was a feeling he was going to be one of these presidents that moved us with words the way John F. Kennedy and Ronald Reagan did in recent decades . "
Instead , Obama has presented himself as the unflappable president , with the engineer - like approach of Jimmy Carter and the legislative astuteness of Lyndon Johnson , Brinkley said .
" But in a time of great crisis , people are n't looking for Johnson or Carter .
They are looking for powerful rhetorical leadership -- words that move the country in a positive direction , " he said .
Gloria Borger :
We got the president we elected
The president has visited the region twice since the oil spill , most recently the Friday before Memorial Day weekend .
Obama brought the tragedy to a more personal level , telling the public that he grew up in a place where the ocean is sacred , so he understands the emotional connection -- but it was only a brief aside in an otherwise straightforward address .
It was hardly the outpouring that came from Louisiana Democrat Charlie Melancon , who broke into tears last week at a Capitol Hill hearing about the oil spill .
" Our culture is threatened .
Our coastal economy is threatened .
And everything that I know and love is at risk , " Melancon , who represents many of the affected Louisiana shoreline areas , told his Capitol Hill colleagues .
Unable to finish reading his prepared statement , Melancon submitted it for the congressional record and then walked out of the hearing room as other lawmakers sought to comfort him .
And it was hardly the advocacy that 's come from Republican Gov. Bobby Jindal , also of Louisiana .
In a column on CNN.com , Ruben Navarrette wrote that due to Obama 's lackluster response , " Bobby has Barack on the ropes and he is coming across as more passionate and more presidential . "
White House press secretary Robert Gibbs was pushed Tuesday to back up his claim that Obama is enraged by the situation .
" I 've seen rage from him .
I have , " Gibbs said at the daily briefing .
Asked to describe it , Gibbs pointed to the president 's " clenched jaw " and his call to " plug the damn hole . "
The president has been actively engaged in the crisis -- firing the head of the Minerals Management Service , extending the moratorium on further offshore drilling and increasing the federal presence in the region .
But instead of a galvanizing cry of outrage at the failed efforts to cap the undersea gusher , Obama 's made the " let 's not panic " appeal , Brinkley said .
" With each BP failure , I think the American people have wanted to feel that the president is not just in the saddle but is leading the charge , and he 's fallen short in this regard , " he said .
Despite the pummeling he 's received from pundits , it 's not too late for Obama to take charge of the narrative , Brinkley said , suggesting that the White House set up a command center in the Gulf to provide a clearinghouse for ideas and that Obama take on a more integral part of the catastrophe by spending more time in the area , meeting with fishermen and locals instead of just dropping by .
The White House has started to take a more aggressive approach , with Attorney General Eric Holder 's announcement Tuesday that the Justice Department has launched a criminal investigation into the oil spill .
The Obama administration also will no longer do joint briefings with BP on the spill , and instead will have former Coast Guard Commandant Adm .
Thad Allen handle the daily briefings on his own , senior administration officials told CNN on Tuesday .
The change is an effort to control the message , release accurate information about the oil spill and speak in one voice to deliver the daily message on latest developments , officials said .
Obama needs to build on the momentum with a primetime address and a heartfelt message to the American people , Brinkley said .
" There is a craving for a different kind of crisis leadership from President Obama largely because he 's so capable of it as we saw on the campaign trail in 2008 , " he said .
" When he lets go and talks from the heart , he 's one of the most effective political figures in modern times . "
CNN 's Suzanne Malveaux contributed to this report .
March 17 , 2006 — jao
Introduction : lists galore
I learned programming backwards , plunging right on into C and , shortly after , C++ and Java from the very beginning .
I was knee deep in complex data structures , pointers and abstruse template syntax in no time .
And the more complex it all felt , the more i thought i was learning .
Of course , i was clueless .
Reading SICP and learning about functional programming changed it all .
There were many occasions for revelation and awe , but one of my most vivid recollections of that time is my gradual discovery of the power of simplicity .
At about half way into SICP i realised in wonder that that beautiful and powerful world was apparently being constructed out of extremely simple pieces .
Basically , everything was a list .
Of course there were other important ingredients , like procedures as first - class objects , but the humble list was about the only data structure to be seen .
After mulling on it for a little bit , i saw where lists draw their power from : recursion .
As you know , lists are data types recursively defined : a list is either the empty list or an element ( its head ) followed by another list ( its tail ) :
list = [ ]
list = a : list
where i’m borrowing Haskell ’s notation for the empty list ( [ ] ) and the list constructor ( : ) , also known by lispers as ( ) and cons .
So that was the trick , i thought : lists have recursion built - in , so to speak , and once you ’ve read a little bit about functional programming you do n’t need to be sold on the power and beauty of recursive programs .
It is often the case that powerful and beautiful yet simple constructs have a solid mathematical foundation , and only when you grasp it do you really realize how powerful , beautiful and amazingly simple that innocent - looking construct is .
Lists , and recursive operations on them , are an excellent case in point .
But the path connecting them to their mathematical underpinnings is a long and winding one , which lays in the realm of Category Theory .
I first became acquainted of the relationship between categories and recursive programming reading Functional Programming with Bananas , Lenses , Envelopes and Barbed Wire , by Erik Meijer , Maarten Fokkinga and Ross Paterson .
Albeit very enjoyable , this paper presupposes a high degree of mathematical sophistication on the reader ’s side .
I will try in this article to give you a simplified overview of the concepts involved , including Category Theory , its application to programming languages and what funny names like catamorphism , anamorphism or lambda - lifting have to do with your everyday list manipulations .
Of course , i’ll be only scratching the surface : interspersed links and the Further reading section provide pointers to more in - depth explorations of this wonderland .
Categorical interlude
Categories are ( relatively ) simple constructs .
A category consists of a set O of objects , and a set A of arrows between elements of O. Arrows are composable : if there ’s an arrow from a to b , and another one from b to c , there must be an arrow from a to c ( where a , b and c are elements of O ) .
Besides , they are associative : if you have arrows from a to b , b to c , and c to d , you can go from a to d via two different paths , namely , first from a to c and then from c to d , or first from a to b and then from b to d .
Finally , for each element a in O there ’s an identity arrow which goes from a to itself ( called an identity ) , such that following this arrow changes nothing .
These properties are better visualized with a diagram ( or a bit of mathematical notation ) , as shown in the image on the right .
A category captures a mathematical world of objects and their relationships .
The canonical example of a category is Set , which contains , as objects , ( finite ) sets and , as arrows , ( total ) functions between them .
But categories go far beyond modeling sets .
For instance , one can define a category whose objects are natural numbers , and the ‘ arrows ’ are provided by the relation “ less or equal ” ( that is , we say that there is an arrow joining two numbers a and b if a is less or equal than b ) .
What we are trying to do with such a definition is to somehow capture the essence of ordered sets : not only integers are ordered but also dates , lemmings on a row , a rock ’s trajectory or the types of the Smalltalk class hierarchy .
In order to abstract what all those categories have in common we need a way to go from one category to another preserving the shared structure in the process .
We need what the mathematicians call an isomorphism , which is the technically precise manner of stating that two systems are , in a deep sense , analogous ; this searching for commonality amounts to looking for concepts or abstractions , which is what mathematics and ( good ) programming is all about ( and , arguably , intelligence itself , if you are to believe , for instance , Douglas Hofstadter ‘s ideas ) .
To boot , our definition of a category already contains the concept of isomorphic objects .
Think of an arrow from a to b as an operation that transforms a in b .
An arrow from b to a will make the inverse transformation .
If composing both transformations gives you the identity , you are back to the very same object a , and we say that a and b are isomorphic : you can transform one into the other and back at will .
In a deep sense , this concept captures a generic way of expressing equality that pervades all maths : if you ’re not afraid of a little bit of maths , Barry Mazur ‘s essay
When is a thing equal to some other thing ?
is an excellent introduction to Category Theory with an emphasis in the concept of equality .
Among many other things , you will learn how the familiar natural numbers can be understood as a category , or how an object is completely defined by the set of its transformations ( and , therefore , how to actually get rid of objects and talk only of transformations ; i know this is stretching and mixing metaphors ( if not plain silly ) , but this stress in arrows , as opposed to objects , reminded me of Alan Kay ’s insistence on focusing on messages rather than objects ) .
Another introductory article with emphasis on categories as a means to capture sameness is R. Brown and T. Porter ’s Category Theory : an abstract setting for analogy and comparison .
Not only objects inside a category can be transformed into each other .
We reveal the common structure of two disjoint categories by means of a functor mapping across two categories .
A functor consists of two functions : one that maps each object of the first category to an object in the second , and another one putting in correspondence arrows in one category with arrows in the second .
Besides , these functions must preserve arrow composition .
Let me spell this mathematically .
Consider to categories , C and C ’ with object sets O and O ’ and arrow sets A and A ’ .
A functor F mapping C to C ’ will consist then of two functions ( Fo , Fa ) ; the first one taking elements of O to elements of O ’ :
Fo : O -> O ’
Fo(a ) in O ’ for every a in O
and the second one taking arrows from A to arrows in A ’ :
Fa : A -> A ’
Fa(f ) in A ’ for every f in A
and such that , if f is an arrow from a to b in C , Fa(f ) is an arrow from Fo(a ) to Fo(b ) in C ’.
Moreover , we want that following arrows in C is ‘ analogous ’ to following them in C’ , i.e. , we demand that
Fa(fg ) = Fa(f ) Fa(g )
In the left hand side above , we are composing two arrows in C and then going to C’ , while in the right hand side we first take each arrow to C’ and , afterwards , compose them in there .
If C and C ’ have the same structure , these two operations must be equivalent .
Finally , F must preserve identities : if i is the identity arrow for an element a in O , Fa( i ) must be the identity arrow for Fo(a ) in O ’ .
The diagram on the left shows a partial graph ( i’m not drawing the identity arrows and their mappings ) of a simple functor between two categories , and ways of going from an object a in the first category to an object x in the second one which are equivalent thanks to the functor ’s properties .
As you can see in this simple example , the functor gives us the ability of seeing the first category as a part of the second one .
You get a category isomorphism in the same way as between objects , i.e. , by demanding the existence of a second functor from C ’ to C ( you can convince yourself that such a functor does not exist in our example , and , therefore , that the two categories in the diagram are not isomorphic ) .
You have probably guessed by now one nifty property of functors : they let us going meta and define a category whose objects are categories and whose arrows are functors .
Actually , Eilenberg and MacLane ‘s seminal paper General theory of natural transformations used functors and categories of categories to introduce for the first time categories ( natural transformations are structure - preserving maps between functors : this Wikipedia article gives an excellent overview on them ) .
But enough maths for now : it is high time to show you how this rather abstract concepts find their place in our main interest , programming languages .
Categories and programming languages
About the only similarity between C and Haskell programming is that one spends a lot of time typing ASCII arrows .
But of course , Haskell ’s are much more interesting : you use them to declare the type of a function , as in
floor : : Real ->
Int
The above stanza declares a function that takes an argument of type real and returns an integer .
In general , a function taking a single argument is declared in Haskell following the pattern
fun : : a -> b
where a and b are types .
Does this ring a bell ?
Sure it does : if we identify Haskell ’s arrows with categorical ones , the language types could be the objects of a category .
As we have seen , we need identities
id : : a -> a
id x = x
and arrow composition , which in Haskell is denoted by a dot
f : : b -> c
g:: a -> b
fg : : a -> b -> c
fg = f . g
Besides , associativity of arrow composition is ensured by Haskell ’s referential transparency ( no side - effects : if you preserve referential transparency by writing side - effect free functions , it wo n’t matter the order in which you call them ) : we ’ve got our category .
Of course , you do n’t need Haskell , or a statically typed language for that matter : any strongly typed programming language can be modelled as a category , using as objects its types and as arrows its functions of arity one .
It just happens that Haskell ’s syntax is particularly convenient , but one can define function composition easily in any decent language ; for instance in Scheme one would have
( define ( compose f g ) ( lambda ( x ) ( f ( g x ) ) )
Functions with more than one arguments can be taken into the picture by means of currying : instead of writing a function of , say , 2 arguments :
( define ( add x y ) (+ x y ) )
( add 3 4 )
you define a function which takes one argument ( x ) and returns a function which , in turn , takes one argument ( y ) and returns the final result :
( define ( add x ) ( lambda ( y ) (+ x y ) ) )
( ( add 3 ) 4 )
Again , Haskell offers a pretty convenient syntax .
In Haskell , you can define add as :
add x y = x + y
which gets assigned , when applied to integers , the following type :
add : : Int -> ( Int -> Int )
that is , add is not a function from pairs of integers to integers , but a function that takes an integer and returns a function of type Int ->
Int .
Finally , we can also deal with functions taking no arguments and constant values by introducing a special type , called unit or 1 ( or void in C- ish ) , which has a unique value ( spelled ( ) in Haskell ) .
Constants of our language ( as , e.g. , True or 43.23 ) are then represented by arrows from 1 to the constant ’s type ; for instance , True is an 1 -> Boolean arrow .
The unit type is an example of what in category theory is known as a terminal object .
Now that we have successfully modelled our ( functional ) programming language as a category ( call it C ) , we can use the tools of the theory to explore and reason about the language constructs and properties .
For instance , functors will let me recover the original motivation of this post and explore lists and functions on them from the point of view of category theory .
If our language provides the ability to create lists , its category will contain objects ( types ) of the ‘ list of ’ kind ; e.g. [ Int ] for lists of integers , [ Boolean ] for lists of Booleans and so on .
In fact , we can construct a new sub - category CL by considering list types as its objects and functions taking and returning lists as its arrows .
For each type a we have a way of constructing a type , [ a ] in the sub- category , i.e. , we have a map from objects in C to objects in CL .
That ’s already half a functor : to complete it we need a map from functions in C to functions in CL .
In other words , we need a way to transform a function acting on values of a given type to a function acting on lists of values of the same type .
Using the notation of the previous section :
Fo(a ) = [ a ]
Fa(f : a -> b ) = f ' : [ a ] -> [ b ]
Fa is better known as map in most programming languages .
We call the process of going from f to f ' lifting ( not to be confused with a related , but not identical , process known as lambda lifting ) , and it ’s usually pretty easy to write an operator that lifts a function to a new one in CL : for instance in Scheme we would write :
( define ( lift f ) ( lambda ( lst ) ( map f lst ) ) )
and for lift to truly define a functor we need that it behaves well respect to function composition :
( lift ( compose f g ) ) = ( compose ( lift f ) ( lift g ) )
We can convince ourselves that this property actually holds by means of a simple example .
Consider the function next which takes an integer to its successor ; its lifting ( lift next ) will map a list of integers to a list of their successors .
We can also define prev and ( lift prev ) mapping ( lists of ) integers to ( lists of ) their predecessors .
( compose next prev ) is just the identity , and , therefore , ( lift ( compose next prev ) ) is the identity too ( with lifted signature ) .
But we obtain the same function if we compose ( lift next ) and ( lift prev ) in CL , right ?
As before , there ’s nothing specific to Scheme in this discussion .
Haskell even has a Functor type class capturing these ideas .
The class defines a generic lift operation , called fmap that , actually , generalizes our list lifting to arbitrary type constructors :
fmap :: ( a -> b ) -> ( f a -> f b )
where f a is the new type constructed from a .
In our previous discussion , f a = [ a ] , but if your language gives you a way of constructing , say , tuples , you can lift functions on given types to functions on tuples of those types , and repeat the process with any other type constructor at your disposal .
The only condition to name it a functor , is that identities are mapped to identities and composition is preserved :
fmap id = id
fmap ( p . q ) = ( fmap p ) . ( fmap q )
I wo n’t cover usage of type constructors ( and their associated functors ) other than lists , but just mention a couple of them : monads , another paradigmatic one beautifully ( and categorically ) discussed by Stefan Klinger in his Programmer ’s Guide to the IO Monad – Do n’t Panic ( also discussed at LtU ) , and the creation of a dance and music library , for those of you looking for practical applications .
To be continued …
Returning to lists , what the lifting and categorical description above buys us is a way to formalize our intuitions about list operations , and to transfer procedures and patterns on simple types to lists .
In SICP ’s section on Sequences as conventional interfaces , you will find a hands - on , non-mathematical dissection of the basic building blocks into which any list operation can be decomposed : enumerations , accumulators , filters and maps .
Our next step , following the bananas article i mentioned at the beginning , will be to use the language of category theory to provide a similar decomposition , but this time we will talk about catamorphisms , anamorphisms and similarly funny named mathematical beasts .
What the new approach will buy us is the ability to generalize our findings beyond the list domain and onto the so - called algebraic types .
But this will be the theme of a forthcoming post .
Stay tunned .
Further reading
The best introductory text on Category Theory i’ve read is Conceptual Mathematics : A First Introduction to Categories by F. William Lawvere ( one of the fathers of Category Theory ) and Stephen Hoel Schanuel .
It assumes no sophisticated mathematical background , yet it covers lots of ground .
If you feel at home with maths , the best option is to learn from the horse ’s mouth and get a copy of Categories for the Working Mathematician , by Mac Lane .
The books above do not deal with applications to Computer Science , though .
For that , the canonical reference is Benjamin Pierce ’s Basic Category Theory for Computer Scientists , but i find it too short and boring : a far better choice is , in my opinion , Barr and Well ’s Category Theory and Computer Science .
A reduced version of Barr and Well ’s book is available online in the site for their course Introduction to Category Theory .
They are also the authors of the freely available Toposes , Triples and Theories , which will teach you everything about monads , and then more .
Marteen Fokkinga is the author of this 80 - pages Gentle Introduction to Category Theory , with a stress on the calculational and algorithmical aspects of the theory .
Unless you have a good mathematical background , you should probably take gentle with a bit of salt .
Let me close by mentioning a couple of fun applications of Category Theory , for those of you that know a bit about it .
Haskell programmers will like this implementation of fold and unfold ( as a literate program ) using F - ( co ) algebras and applied to automata creation , while those of you with a soft spot for Physics may be interested in John Baez ’s musings on Quantum Mechanics and Categories .
Tags : category theory , haskell , maths , metaprogramming , scheme
