« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
04/07/2009
' Protect children ' ... by publicly mocking and denouncing their families
by Jeremy Hooper
How do you react to a sweet picture of two mothers celebrating a long overdue victory with their six - year - old daughter ?
Well if you 're Peter LaBarbera , you post something like this :
And if these brute judgements against someone else 's family were not enough , check out the title Pete gives to his clipping of the Des Moines Register photo :
No Pete , what Bre needs is for you to butt out of her life .
Let her at least turn 18 before you exploit her existence for your own political gain !
Or wait , Pete : Maybe we should go ahead and bring your wife and children into this here " culture war " mix .
After all , it seems your newly enacted rules do not require one to have actually signed up for this gay rights fight in order to become fair game !
* Note : Interestingly Unscrupulously enough , this is the very same family whose happiness was called into question by Focus on the Family back in February of this year .
* Note2 : We of course would never bring Pete 's family into any of this .
In fact , even though we may despise their gay rights views , we never call any of our opposition 's home and family lives into question .
And that , my friends , is but one of many differences between our two movements .
Your thoughts
And then LaBarbera references a column by Robert Knight which looks at a book which has a problem with credibility - " No Basis : What the studies Do n’t tell us about same - sex parenting "
What Knight does n't tell us is that this book was not peer reviewed , the authors Robert Lerner and Althea Nagai does paid work by conservative groups to debunk things like gay parenting , affirmative action , etc. , and the authors say nothing about gay parenting because they only attack studies that look positively about gay parenting .
Posted by : a. mcewen | Apr 7 , 2009 8:23:05 PM
How insulting .
I cannot imagine a situation in which any family would n't be extremely pissed off at Peter for doing that .
But then , I guess gays are n't human , so their dignity does n't matter .
I 'm a non-violent person , but if I ever meet Peter LaBarbera in person , I want to punch him right in his hateful , fascistic face .
Posted by : Baldran | Apr 7 , 2009 9:19:35 PM
Hey now , violence is never the answer , no matter how deserving it may seem / be .
We all know that .
At this point , Pete 's not even fazing me anymore ...
And I 've only known about his existence for about a year now .
It 's like there 's no low too low enough for this guy .
Posted by : Clicky the Fox | Apr 7 , 2009 9:47:09 PM
I guess according to Pete , even though my Aunt and Uncle have all of the right equipment to produce children and they did not , their marriage is also not " equal " to the real thing .
I am always disturbed that Pete and all the rest of his kind just assume there will be a disaster in this child or any other child 's life .
Having an abusive father could also produce a disaster in a child 's life .
Posted by : Bob Miller | Apr 7 , 2009 10:31:27 PM
I 've added the peter to my list of graves to dance on .
If I ever meet that closet leather queen , he will get a swift kick to the balls .
Posted by : RainbowPhoenix | Apr 7 , 2009 10:37:30 PM
I read a lot of different viewpoints on gay issues , including those of many anti-gay activists .
But honestly there are very few that match the vindictiveness , the malice , and the sadism of LaBarbera .
I think it is good that GAY focuses on him regularly .
This post is a new low , even for him .
Absolutely lacking in humility or thoughtful reflection .
Completely focused on degrading and insulting his targets .
Even assuming for argument 's sake that he is right that it is not a good thing for this girl to be raised by 2 women , how could anyone but a sadistic thug think that it is helpful to repost this young girl 's photograph in connection with an absolute prediction of psychological and spiritual " scarring " ?
How could that post do anything other than harm her ?
Indeed , when you read his posts , you wonder what he is accomplishing .
The posts are so laden with polemics and name - calling that it can't possibly persuade any gay to reconsider his " lifestyle " .
Similarly , it wo n't reach anyone on the fence .
A pointless exercise in bashing , very comparable to the WBC 's picketing , which also accomplishes nothing .
Posted by : Michael | Apr 8 , 2009 2:25:06 AM
umm . . . question how can lies be true
Posted by : Rio | Apr 8 , 2009 2:32:31 AM
" Two woman cannot produce a child - - disproving the nonsensical claim that homosexual ' marriage ' is ' equal ' to the real thing . " ... My heterosexual parents could not produce a child ; my mother is an extraordinarily brave cancer survivor : radiation therapy killed all my mom's eggs when she was sixteen .
Maybe their marriage is n't equal to the ' real thing ' either ?
By his definition , only couples physiologically capable of reproduction are worthy of marriage .
What happened to that Washington state amendment to annul the marriages of all non-procreative couples within a certain amount of time ?
He might want to endorse that , too .
I may be going out on a limb here , but I 'd rather have loving parents , of any sexual orientation , who adopted me than to have been raised by my teenage biological mother who would have been on welfare for the majority of my formative years if she had kept me , not to mention mentally / emotionally unprepared to raise a child .
My adoptive parents are Mom and Dad .
My birth mother is a stranger .
I'm in a prestigious PhD program , with hopes of getting a position leading to tenure track within the next few years : would I be where I am today if my parents were denied parental rights because they could n't reproduce " naturally " ?
No .
Obviously , LaBarbera knows nothing about real families in the real world .
Posted by : RaeAn | Apr 8 , 2009 3:32:48 AM
Also , for his information , two women can produce a girl , science has a method , it 's just not been tried on higher mammals yet , it works for mice though .
Secondly , the little girl , if anything , seems happy - she probably enjoying being around happy people , and does n't truly understand the fight .
Also Jesus was a deviant , he moved away from social norms , by accepting prostitutes and other people not accepted at the time .
Learn from your saviour .
Posted by : corvidae | Apr 8 , 2009 3:52:35 AM
Yeah , violence is never the answer ; and though unfortunately we take the high road on this one , it would FEEL extremely good .
If Peter is lurking and reading this : Peter , Yes , Dad 's are great .
Cool boots .
Father 's are n't always so hot though .
The former is a good guy who teaches you cool stuff , takes you fishing , to a ball game , or even swallows his angst and supports a son who'd rather be a cheerleader than a linebacker .
That 's a dad .
The latter paternal figure is just a dude who humped your mom 9 months before your first breath .
There are n't many " World 's Coolest Dad " tee - shirts in his future .
I was raised by a single mom and rarely saw my ' father ' .
His being married at the time made spending time with his other kid a little problematic .
All my friends were in single female households as well .
I do n't know how that worked out to be so , Peter , but it did .
Funny thing about that though , I 'm the only only who turned out gay -- just in case your were gonna bring up the absentee father excuse for gayness ( which ranks 2nd on my annoyance meter , after molestation ) .
What a child needs most is love , whether its from a mom & dad , 2 moms or 2 dads or a single dad or like in my case a single mom -- if LOVE if foremost , that 's all that really matters .
Posted by : Taylor Siluwé | Apr 8 , 2009 8:14:47 AM
Also one last thing , in this article it appears you can buy the photo - they 're even profiting !
Posted by : corvidae | Apr 8 , 2009 12:22:08 PM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
When does a passionate advocate for securing the Internet find himself pulling for Internet criminals ?
When the " crime " is running afoul of a perverse definition of the law .
Of course I 'm talking about people purposefully ignoring their country 's illegitimate attempts to censor or monitor otherwise legitimate Internet use .
Recent events have reinforced the justifiable need for software and sites that can ensure that citizens can continue to communicate freely and confidentially , even when that right is taken away .
I especially support people who circumvent the heavy - handed enforcement of questionable censorship laws that exist solely to protect the figureheads in power from the influence of the people they supposedly govern .
[ Your laptop data is n't safe .
Follow InfoWorld 's encryption - based data - protection plan , which can safeguard your most at - risk PCs . ]
Bypassing censorship filters can be accomplished by using regular services not blocked by the censorship software ( such as Twitter ) or by using any of the plethora of anonymous proxy services .
To get a list of the latter , just search on " anonymous proxies " using any Internet search engine .
The best ones encrypt the connection between the originator and proxy so that the information cannot be inspected by intervening filters .
Pretty great privacy
The availability of free , reliable encryption software should be a basic human right .
From the beginning of computer science , the makers of computer ciphers have considered protecting communications from an oppressive government 's prying eyes to be one of the primary uses of their software .
Certainly Phil Zimmermann , the creator of Pretty Good Privacy ( PGP ) encryption software , had this on his mind as a central theme when he first coded PGP in 1991 .
He spoke about this need frequently and even covered it in his documentation , FAQ , and book .
At the time , as a citizen who took the freedoms of the United States for granted , I did n't realize the importance of his declaration .
Mr. Zimmermann did .
He was investigated by the U.S. government for many years -- facing the prospect of a lengthy prison sentence and possibly even the serious charge of treason ( punishable by death ) -- for making PGP widely available for the world to use .
He spent hundreds of thousands of dollars fighting the investigation , and in the face of overwhelming adversity and the opposition 's unlimited monetary resources , he did n't back down .
By 1994 , even I recognized the importance of PGP to all freedom - loving peoples .
In my youthful exuberance , I was enraged that Zimmermann , who I had personally e-mailed a few times , was being accused of being an American traitor .
I came up with a scheme , that upon reflection , was either incredibly ballsy or can only be attributed to adolescent arrogance .
My plan was to intentionally violate the U.S. federal statues against distributing encryption programs to foreign governments .
This was a charge that Mr. Zimmermann had craftily and legally avoided for good reason .
I was going to create a Web site that would allow any visitor to easily send a copy of PGP to a random foreign e-mail address recipient with a carbon copy of the transfer automatically sent to the White House , along with a protest letter .
My idea was to get millions of visitors to violate our " stupid " software encryption laws on purpose and see how the U.S. Justice Department could handle a million violations .
My fantasy included the government realizing how ignorant it was , forcing it to change the laws , and to drop the charges against Zimmermann .
[ See what Roger Grimes thinks of President Obama 's plan for Internet security | Learn how to secure your systems with Security Adviser newsletter . ]
Pretty bad protest
This was n't just a silent fantasy .
I had created the bare bones of the Web site and contacted Newsweek magazine .
I had been profiled in a March 1992 issue regarding the popular Michelangelo virus and the newly emerging Dark Avenger 's polymorphic virus mutation engine , and I 'd established friendly inside contacts .
The magazine 's computer and science associate editor loved my idea and promised to give it coverage .
I even understood the potential legal consequences of my actions .
I knew I could end up in jail or , at the very least , wasting a lot of money in my defense .
I had told my new wife and mother of my first daughter of my idea and the possible consequences .
As you can imagine , she was not very supportive of my risking my good job , our house , and our comfortable life .
But I was that emotionally driven .
At the time I was fond of quoting , " You can take my right to privacy out of my cold , dead hands ! "
This from a guy who 's never held a gun .
Although the exact details are a bit hazy now , I remember nervously dialing Zimmermann for the first time , with the Newsweek editor listening in .
I knew getting Zimmermann 's support would lock in the magazine 's commitment and get me the publicity I would need to get large numbers of visitors willing to join me in my privacy fight .
When I explained my intentions to my crypto hero , instead of embracing my idea as I had expected , he scolded me .
He told me that I was stupid for what I was trying -- and that I did n't understand the real consequences of what I was doing .
He explained how much time , money , and effort he had put into his own legal defense , and he finished by saying that he did not support my project and would no longer communicate with me .
I was stunned and embarrassed .
But fortunately , his admonishment was enough to get me to drop my plans , much to the relief of my family and friends .
Years later , the charges against Zimmermann that so offended me were dropped ( or more accurately , never filed ) .
His legal defense against the federal investigation helped define the legal treatment of subsequent encryption software as it proliferated around the globe .
Since then , Phil Zimmermann has developed other encryption products , most recently an innovative , free plug - in product , Zfone , which works with a variety of IP telephony software clients .
Listening to Zimmermann speak about his latest project at a security conference last year , I was amazed to hear him again reassert the need for encryption products to ensure people 's freedom .
As I watched the recent political struggles of a suppressed people and learned how they used the Internet to circumvent a repressive regime , it made me realize the importance of contributions from people like Zimmermann .
So although this is too long overdue , thank you , Phil Zimmermann .
Thank you for your free encryption products .
Thank you for standing up to our federal government when it was wrong and for battling on behalf of those without a voice .
And personally , thanks for steering me clear of a run-in with the feds .
Most people will not change .
Too radical .
Not going with the flow .
Not betting against the herd .
The best examples in the 20th century were Jews in Germany in 1933 .
They stayed .
This included Jewish bankers , all of whom could have left .
They thought they could deal with Hitler .
They did not read Mein Kampf .
They did not take it seriously .
About 7 % did leave early : 38,000 out of 523,000 .
More left after 1938 .
By 1941 , about 160,000 remained in Germany .
Then emigration was closed by the Nazis .
Earlier , it was encouraged .
The data are here .
At some price , almost all could have left .
There were countries that would have let them in .
They would have had to learn a new language .
They would have arrived in poverty .
But Jews had faced those options ever since the Assyrian captivity in the eighth century B.C.
So what ?
They all would not have escaped the Nazis .
Some would have moved to other European countries that were overrun by Germany after 1939 .
But they could have tried to get away .
They stayed .
They refused to acknowledge the warning signals .
“ It ca n’t be that bad . ”
It got worse .
Jews had an answer for worrywarts .
“ No problem .
We can handle it . ”
The Armenians went through the same thing .
The Turkish massacres of 1895 were a foretaste .
Most stayed behind .
Then came the genocide of 1915 .
NO PROBLEM !
Look back at the economy in October 2007 .
The Dow was at 14,000 .
The banks were booming .
Real estate was down a little , but the experts gave no warning .
They were wrong .
All of them .
The U.S. government is running a $ 1.8 trillion deficit this year .
Federal tax receipts are down 34 % , which means that the deficit will go above $ 2 trillion .
No one cares .
No one says , “ This is the end .
The American economy will never again be what it was . ”
Think “ 2007 . ”
Would you have believed that Chrysler and GM were both headed for bankruptcy ?
In October 2007 GM shares were at $ 43 .
Now they are at $ 1 .
There was an industry called investment banking .
Bear Stearns , Lehman Brothers , and Goldman Sachs were not part of the commercial banking system .
To survive , a few made the transition in September 2008 .
Some did not make the cut .
Merrill Lynch is gone .
Bank of America and Citigroup were bailed out by the government .
They would have gone under .
They sell for a fraction of what they did in 2007 .
And what do most people say ?
“ No problem . ”
There is no problem for which their answer is not “ no problem . ”
Medicare will go bust .
Social Security will go bust .
“ No problem . ”
The unemployment rate keeps rising .
“ No problem . ”
When people refuse to face reality , because reality is going to be more painful than anything they have experienced , they look for signs that the problems they cannot avoid without changing are really not that bad .
They look for offsetting good news .
They think the status quo ante will return .
The U.S. government is about to spend another $ 30 billion to buy a dead carcass of a company .
It has already spent $ 20 billion .
“ No problem . ”
The government will let the company stiff bondholders for $ 27 billion in exchange for 10 % of the company , 72 % owned by the government and 17 % by the United Auto Workers medical insurance fund .
“ No problem . ”
Bondholders were originally told that it would take a 90 % vote to authorize this .
The government has changed the rules .
It will determine after the May 30 vote by bondholders what percentage must approve .
“ No problem .
The company will never return to what it was .
“ No problem . ”
People will not buy as many cars as before from a company run by the government and the United Auto Workers .
“ No problem . ”
The Dow rose 100 points on the rumor that the largest bondholders will accept the deal .
The deal is a disaster , but investors are in “ No problem ” mode .
Somehow , the wipeout is less of a wipeout .
Who is going to buy a GM car instead of a Japanese car ?
Here is a company that is about to break its contracts with thousands of its dealers .
“ No problem . ”
Yet buyers are expected to trust a GM warranty .
Oldsmobile is gone .
“ No problem . ” Pontiac is going .
“ No problem . ” Cadillac sells its cars with an ad of a flash model putting the pedal to the medal .
Hot stuff !
The company thinks people with money will not see through this ad .
The Cadillac division has lost its way .
“ No problem . ”
The price / earnings ratio for the S&P 500 is over 120 .
Traditionally , 20 was regarded a sell .
The investor pays $ 120 on the hope that the stock will retain a dollar of earnings , and pay investors some minimal percentage of these earnings as dividends .
“ No problem . ”
We are watching the investment world adopting a lemming mentality that has always produced losses .
“ This time it ’s different .
No problem . ”
CONSUMER CONFIDENCE
The Conference Board announced that consumer confidence is up to 55 .
The 50 figure is neutral .
Yet consumer confidence is a lagging indicator historically .
When it rises , the stock market usually falls .
The indicator is a reflection on what the stock market has done recently .
To use consumer confidence as a justification for buying stocks is nonsense .
This is like saying , “ I will buy stocks because the public is confident , which based on the fact that stocks have risen . ”
If that strategy worked , stocks would never stop rising .
Even hard - money newsletter readers are beginning to doubt that the recent good news is in fact “ less worse than expected ” bad news .
This is the stuff of dreams that do not come true .
Readers look at the reports , and the reports look awful : falling home prices , rising unemployment , an astronomical Federal deficit .
But the media say we are close to a bottom — the bottom of a crash that none of them forecasted .
Readers think , “ by the standards of late 2007 , what we are seeing daily was inconceivable . ”
Optimists speak of a slow , weak recovery .
Pessimists speak of hyperinflation and depression simultaneously .
But as the chorus proclaims “ No problem , ” the public mindlessly picks up this refrain .
“ We have nothing to fear but . . . fear itself ! ”
Yet as FDR delivered those words , Hitler was consolidating power in Germany .
Stalin was beginning the purges .
A quarter of the U.S. work force was unemployed .
But Roosevelt began the refrain : “ No problem . ”
Four years later , unemployment was still 20 % .
The Federal deficit had ballooned .
Happy days were not here again .
Your friends do n’t want to hear your pessimism anymore .
They do n’t want to change .
They will refuse to change .
In 1934 , Ludwig von Mises realized that Hitler , an Austrian , would seek to bring Austria under German hegemony .
He warned Jewish economists to leave .
They had been his students at his famous seminar in Vienna .
Fritz Machlup believed him , and came to the U.S. So did Gottfried Haberler .
Mises went to Switzerland as a professor , leaving his great personal library behind .
He fled to the U.S. in 1940 , after France had fallen .
He never got a full - time teaching job again .
A few listened .
Most did not .
“ No problem . ”
HEARING , THEY WILL NOT HEAR
People count the costs of making a change .
This is wise .
Jesus taught :
For which of you , intending to build a tower , sitteth not down first , and counteth the cost , whether he have sufficient to finish it ?
Lest haply , after he hath laid the foundation , and is not able to finish it , all that behold it begin to mock him , Saying , This man began to build , and was not able to finish .
Or what king , going to make war against another king , sitteth not down first , and consulteth whether he be able with ten thousand to meet him that cometh against him with twenty thousand ?
Or else , while the other is yet a great way off , he sendeth an ambassage [ ambassador ] , and desireth conditions of peace ( Luke 14:28 — 32 ) .
In short , count the costs .
This is what people have refused to do .
They have counted the cost of doing something radical .
It ’s high .
They have counted the immediate cost of doing nothing new .
It seems low .
They prefer doing nothing .
But what about the long term ?
What about :
1. Retirement ( no Social Security or Medicare ) 2 . The Federal Deficit ( $ 1.8 trillion this year ) 3 . Federal Reserve ’s monetary base ( doubled ) 4 .
Falling house prices5 .
Rising unemployment6 .
The war in Afghanistan ( forever , until our defeat )
“ No problem ! ”
How do you reason with these people ?
Answer : you do n’t , if you value your time and your privacy .
If you turn out to be wrong , you will be ridiculed or at least treated as a child .
If you are correct , you will be hated .
You will also be hit up for money .
If you are a Christian , you will be told you are heartless .
You will become a line of credit for those whose mantra was “ No problem ! ”
They do n’t want to change .
They will not change .
They will not listen to you .
And when things turn out much worse than even most newsletter writers are forecasting , you will be hated .
Are you prepared for this ?
Do you have a real plan to deal with what is obviously an unfolding disaster : rising government ownership , massive deficits , rising unemployment , falling house prices , busted retirement pensions , rising interest rates ( falling corporate bonds ) , and Federal Reserve inflation on a scale never seen in American history ?
Or do you think you can delay .
“ No problem ! ”
CONCLUSION
We live in today ’s world .
It ’s bad , but it ’s not a catastrophe .
We must keep our heads above water .
A Tsunami is coming .
In such a scenario , you have got to get out of the water and off the beach .
But few people ever do , unless they have seen a tsunami .
Few have .
Allocate some percent of your wealth to tsunami-avoidance .
Do it quietly .
Do not discuss this with your big - mouth brother - in - law .
What do you really think is likely to happen ?
Not what you would prefer will happen .
Think , “ General Motors in October 2007 ”
Think Chrysler , Merrill Lynch , and Lehman Brothers .
No one saw it coming .
It came .
Problems .
Big , big problems .
Gary North [ send him mail ] is the author of Mises on Money .
Visit http://www.garynorth.com.
He is also the author of a free 20 - volume series , An Economic Commentary on the Bible .
Copyright © 2009 Gary North
I love this question Howie because I just spoke on it at our local Rotary yesterday !
Bottom line -- our government is for sale .
If you ever wondered if that were true , just look at what happened last week with the credit card bill .
There was so much yapping from politicians about what they were going to do for us , and when it came to a vote on putting a cap on interest rates , only 33 Senators were in favor of a 15 % cap .
All you have to do is look on OpenSecrets.org to find out why .
There are hundreds of millions of dollars going to incumbents from the financial sector .
The result ?
What ’s good for the taxpayer RARELY is the primary motivation of Congressional votes .
For incumbents … forget it !
Unless you ’re VERY wealthy , you ca n’t match the war chest the incumbent comes in with … generally millions .
As the financial crisis entered one of its darkest phases in October , a handful of the nation ’s largest banks began holding daily telephone sessions .
Murmurs were already emanating from Washington about the need for a wide - ranging regulatory overhaul , and Wall Street executives girded for a fight .
Atop the agenda during their calls : how to counter an expected attempt to rein in credit - default swaps and other derivatives -- the sophisticated and profitable financial instruments that were intended to limit risk but instead had helped take the economy to the brink of disaster .
The nine biggest participants in the derivatives market -- including JPMorgan Chase , Goldman Sachs , Citigroup and Bank of America -- created a lobbying organization , the CDS Dealers Consortium , on Nov. 13 , a month after five of its members accepted federal bailout money .
To oversee the consortium ’s push , lobbying records show , the banks hired a longtime Washington power broker who previously helped fend off derivatives regulation : Edward J. Rosen , a partner at the law firm Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton .
A confidential memo Mr. Rosen drafted and shared with the Treasury Department and leaders on Capitol Hill has , politicians and market participants say , played a pivotal role in shaping the debate over derivatives regulation .
Today , just as the bankers anticipated , a battle over derivatives has been joined , in what promises to be a replay of a confrontation in Washington that Wall Street won a decade ago .
Since then , derivatives trading has become one of the most profitable businesses for the nation ’s big banks .
The looming fight over regulation is the beginning of a broader debate over the future of the financial industry .
At the center of the argument :
What is the right amount of regulation ?
...[ F] inanciers are aggressively seeking to fend off regulation of the very products and practices that directly contributed to the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression .
In contrast , after the savings - and - loan debacle of the 1980s , the clout of the financial lobby diminished significantly .
The current battle mirrors a tug - of - war a decade ago .
Arguing that regulation would hamper financial innovation and send American jobs overseas , Congress passed legislation in December 2000 exempting derivatives from most oversight .
It was signed by President Bill Clinton .
The law passed despite the strenuous objections of Brooksley Born , a former head of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission , who left the government after her unsuccessful effort to impose more regulation .
In a recent speech , Ms. Born said big banks are again trying to water down oversight efforts .
“ Special interests in the financial - services industry are beginning to advocate a return to business as usual and to argue against any need for serious reform , ” Ms. Born , now a lawyer in private practice , said at the John F. Kennedy Library in Boston , where she received a Profile in Courage Award .
After the 2000 legislation was passed , derivatives trading exploded , helping the biggest traders earn immense profits .
The market now represents transactions with a face value of $ 600 trillion , up from $ 88 trillion a decade ago .
JPMorgan , the largest dealer of over - the - counter derivatives , earned $ 5 billion trading them in 2008 , according to Reuters , making them one of its most profitable businesses .
During Cox 's tenure , investigators who wanted to subpoena documents or compel interviews faced an increasingly cumbersome process to win the commission 's approval for each case , according to current and former agency officials .
Cox also required enforcement officials to see the commissioners before approaching a company about a civil settlement .
In several high - profile cases , when SEC lawyers were ready to ask the commission to authorize lawsuits or approve settlements , Cox postponed the decisions at the last minute , leaving cases unresolved for months , the sources said .
At times , as in the Biovail case , the commission eventually weakened the sanctions sought by the enforcement division ... [ I ] n a report last month , the Government Accountability Office , after interviewing many enforcement lawyers , concluded that the SEC penalty policies in 2006 and 2007 " led to less vigorous pursuit of corporate penalties , may have made penalties less punitive in nature and could have compromised the quality of settlements . "
During Cox 's tenure , penalties imposed on companies fell 84 percent , from $ 1.59 billion in 2005 to $ 256 million in 2008 ...
Cases began disappearing from the agenda shortly after Cox became chairman
Our weekly guest at FDL this past Saturday was South Carolina Democrat Linda Ketner , an attractive candidate in 2008 who came within 2 % of beating reactionary barnacle Henry Brown in a district that was created to elect conservative white Republicans .
Now that Linda has shown how weak Brown is , other Republicans smell blood in the water and are circling .
Strom Thurmond 's kid wants the job but he wo n't primary Brown .
Carroll Campbell 's kid , on the other hand , is a crazed coke freak and whoremonger with no such compunctions -- nor would , Katherine Jenerette , " the Sarah Palin of the South , " hesitate for one moment to deal the wounded and flailing Brown a knockout blow .
I asked Linda who she would prefer to run against in 2010 , the drug - addicted adulterer , the right - wing whacko whose stepdaughter claims she 's been sexually abused by Katherine 's hubby Van ( another GOP politician ) or the entrenched incumbent .
She did n't hesitate for a second -- " Brown . " Brown 's voting record is pure poison -- or , from the perspective of an opponent , gold .
He 's been on the wrong side of every vote he 's ever participated in , particularly when it came to protecting consumers from predators .
Brown has taken $ 451,255 in " contributions " from the financial , insurance , real estate sector since getting into Congress in 2000 .
It 's been an excellent investment for the banksters ; Brown has never let them down .
It has n't worked out nearly as well for his constituents .
And that 's the battleground Linda wants to fight on .
" Congress , " she told me , " needs to get busy putting a modern regulatory system back in place .
We 're in a mess because legislation like Glass - Steagall was gutted . "
Now , Congressman Brown has never come across a piece of deregulation he did n't get behind and because of him and congressmen like him , the country has been taken to the cleaners by financial predators .
When I asked Linda about campaign finance reform on Saturday , she got right to the point :
In this morning 'sGretchen Morgenson and Don Van Natta , Jr. make the point that despite the cliff they 've led the country over -- and despite some setbacks they 've taken politically -- the banksters are far from laying down and giving up .
No white flags in sight , especially not on Wall Street -- and still plenty of allies in Congress , from small fry like Henry Brown , right up to the worst co-conspirators , from Mitch McConnell ( R-KY - $ 5,093,903 ) , Richard Burr ( R-NC - $ 2,466,422 ) , Chuck Grassley ( R- IA - $ 2,261,480 ) , Arlen Specter ( R/D - PA - $ 5,839,910 ) Evan Bayh ( D - IN - $ 4,053,616 ) and Max Baucus ( D - MT- $ 4,676,093 ) in the Senate to virtually the entire Republican caucus in the House , led by crooked representatives John Boehner ( R - OH - $ 3,107,459 ) , Eric Cantor ( R- VA - $ 3,192,188 ) , Roy Blunt ( R- MO - $ 2,667,605 ) , Paul Ryan ( R - WI - $ 1,593,345 ) Spencer Bachus ( R - AL - $ 3,815,224 ) , and Mike Pence ( R- IN - $ 958,541 ) .
Also writing today , Zach Goldfarb , looked at very recent history -- Chris Cox 's role as Bush 's SEC chair -- for how very badly things can go when the foxes are watching the hen house .
When Cox was a California congressman he was a favorite of the banksters -- and one of the few , at that time , who was on the take for over a million dollars ( $ 1,296,091 to be precise , far more than they were paying most of their shills at the time ) .
His complicity with every deregulatory excess in the banking sector made him the ideal candidate for the SEC job in Bush 's mind -- and the banksters popped a lot of champagne corks when Cox was confirmed .
According to Goldfarb 's report , " After Cox became SEC chairman in mid-2005 , he adopted practices that undermined the enforcement division 's efforts to investigate cases of corporate wrongdoing and punish those involved , according to interviews with 19 current and former SEC officials . "
The GOP Establishment responded by pushing his name out there as a potential presidential nominee .
And this just as Cox's -- and Bush 's -- corporate pals were ramping up for the biggest heist in American history .
Luckily for them we have a Justice System that does n't hold wealthy , powerful and well - connected people -- like a Chris Cox or Dick Cheney or any Bushes -- accountable for ant crimes , no matter how much damage was caused to the country .
Labels : banksters , Chris Cox , Culture of Corruption , federal regulatory agencies , Linda Ketner , SEC
On behalf of the KDevelop team I am happy to announce the Beta 4 release of KDevelop 4 .
This release includes some major new features , such as working sets ( only available when building with KDE 4.3 ) , integration of the quickopen functionality into the toolbar and a new perspective switcher ( see the upper right corner of the mainwindow ) .
We have of course also fixed again a lot of bugs , for example non-text files such as images will not crash KDevelop anymore when closing them , Valgrind execution is working again , the debugger 's variable view has been fixed and a lot of crash fixes related to parsing and code - completion popups .
Altogether we have managed to fix 30 bugs in just 30 days .
I would like to point out that you will need the latest beta or the soon - to - be - released RC1 of KDE 4.3 to experience all the new features as some of them need the newer KDE libraries .
Furthermore this is the first beta release that officially builds , starts and can load projects under Microsoft Windows .
For that you will definetly need the latest Subversion version ( or RC1 ) as it contains a lockup - fix for Solid which can be triggered with some combinations of Windows and Microsoft Compilers .
You can fetch the source packages for KDevPlatform and KDevelop from the KDE mirrors .
Make sure you download both packages and build KDevPlatform before KDevelop .
If you build yourself make sure to read and understand Setting up Environment for running KDevelop4 .
Professor Hans Rosling has been credited by Microsoft 's Bill Gates as one of his inspirations to give so much to charity - the reason ?
Beautiful graphs .
Mr Rosling makes animated graphs , like the above graph comparing the UK and China over the last 200 years , for his non-profit organisation Gapminder.org .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Using data from international organisations such as the UN , he hopes his graphs will persuade people to give up their misconceptions about the modern world .
" The Western world is a very powerful illusion in Britain , " he says .
" It does n't exist . "
" When we discuss about the world we just use mindsets , we do n't use data sets .
We have a continuous world where most people live somewhere in the middle . "
Thanks to inventions like GPS navigators , are we forgetting the contributions of ancient cultures that provided the ingenious foundation on which we build ?
See more pictures of car gadgets Roberta Casaliggi / iStockphoto
We take a lot of things for granted in the modern world .
Fiber optic cables deliver en­ormous amounts of information at nearly the speed of light .
You can hop into your car and shout your destination at your GPS navigation system , and a digitized and disembodied voice issues easy - to - follow directions .
We have it pretty sweet here in the 21st century .
As time marches on , it becomes easier to overlook the contributions of those who came before us .
Even in the 19th century , Charles Duell , patent commissioner of the United States , reportedly remarked that everything that can be invented already has been invented [ source : Idea Finder ] .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Clearly , if Duell said such a thing , he was way off .
The 20th and 21st centuries have seen enormous booms in ingenuity .
However , his alleged words also reveal an understanding that seems to have been lost .
He understood that humans have experienced flashes of brilliance and made discoveries throughout history .
He also understood that these advances have so greatly accelerated human progress that everything following them seems to be built on the foundation provided by these early inventions .
Perhaps no other ancient culture has contributed more to this advancement of human progress than the Chinese .
Here are ten of the greatest inventions of the ancient nation , in no particular order .
Published in : Gmail - spam
If there ’s an email message in my Gmail Inbox that ’s not written in English , chances are high that it is some sort of spam because almost all my contacts use the English language for email communication .
All foreign language emails archived to a different folder
Now Gmail has an undocumented search operator called lang : to help you search messages in your mailbox that are written in different languages .
For instance , lang : ru will show messages written in Russian while lang :zh or lang : zh - tw will return emails that contain Chinese text .
Unlike other Gmail search commands , the language search operator is not always perfect but can still help you remove most of the foreign language emails from the main Inbox very easily .
For that to work , just set up a filter like this :
That may look at bit confusing but it ’s actually very simple - you first ask Gmail to search all messages that are not in your native language , apply a label to these messages and then move them out of the main Inbox .
Here are the steps involved for creating a language filter in Gmail :
1 . Create a new filter in Gmail and copy - paste the following in the “ Has Words : ” field but before that , please make sure you remove codes for all languages that you normally use for communication .
For instance , if your get emails in English and Hindi , just remove lang:en and lang : hi from the list .
Check this page for a complete list languages that can be detected by Google Language API .
lang : af OR lang : am OR lang : ar OR lang : az OR lang : be OR lang : bg OR lang : bh OR lang : bn OR lang : bo OR lang : ca OR lang : chr OR lang : cs OR lang : da OR lang : de OR lang : dv OR lang:el OR lang : eo OR lang : es OR lang :et OR lang : eu OR lang : fa OR lang : fi OR lang : fr OR lang : gl OR lang : gn OR lang : gu OR lang : hi OR lang : hr OR lang : hu OR lang : hy OR lang : id OR lang : is OR lang : it OR lang : iu OR lang : iw OR lang : ja OR lang : ka OR lang : kk OR lang : km OR lang : kn OR lang : ko OR lang : ku OR lang : ky OR lang : lo OR lang :lt OR lang : lv OR lang : mk OR lang : ml OR lang : mn OR lang : mr OR lang : ms OR lang : mt OR lang : my OR lang :ne OR lang :nl OR lang : no OR lang : or OR lang : pa OR lang : pl OR lang : ps OR lang : pt - PT OR lang : ro OR lang : ru OR lang : sa OR lang :sd OR lang : si OR lang : sk OR lang :sl OR lang : sq OR lang : sr OR lang : sv OR lang : sw OR lang : ta OR lang :te OR lang :tg OR lang : th OR lang :tl OR lang :tl OR lang : tr OR lang : ug OR lang : uk OR lang : ur OR lang : uz OR lang : vi OR lang :zh OR lang : zh - CN OR lang : zh - TW
2 . In the next step , say “ Skip Inbox ” ( Archive It ) and apply a Label “ Foreign Spam ” .
Your Gmail filter is now ready to catch spam .
You could say “ Delete ” instead of “ Archiving ” but I prefer the latter option to catch false positive , if there ’re any .
Gmail ’s built - in spam filtering technology is also pretty good at handling foreign language spam but this filter adds another layer of protection to the Inbox so you spend less team cleaning all the junk stuff .
Related : How to Identify Foreign Languages
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
According to a new study , as the economy tanked last year , so did Americans ’ charitable giving .
The Giving USA Foundation reports that we donated nearly six percent less than we did in 2007 , the biggest annual drop in 50 years .
This is hardly unexpected , but it ’s still notable that charitable giving did n’t drop at the same rate as the stock market or people ’s retirement funds .
Which may suggest that even in hard times , we Americans are a fairly generous lot .
Or are we ?
In our current issue , I explore the question of whether we can afford to give away even more of our hard - earned cash .
As residents of the richest nation in the world , do we have an ethical obligation — as philosopher Peter Singer argues — to give away a substaintial chunk of our personal wealth to help others ?
And even if we do , can we write our favorite causes an IOU until the economic mess works itself out ?
My take : I find Singer ’s basic argument compelling , if guilt - inducing .
We should still keep our checkbooks at the ready , not simply because it ’s the right thing to do , but because nonprofits are an economic engine every bit as important as mismanaged auto companies or short - sighted investment firms .
And they ’re picking up much of the slack in our frayed social safety net .
So , if you can afford it , go out and stimulate the economy and your conscience .
( I do n’t say this just because I work for a nonprofit magazine .
Really . )
Read my article and let me know what you think .
Image by Wikimedia Commons user Remi Jouan .
MIAMI ( Reuters ) - Health workers violated medical ethics when they helped interrogate terrorism suspects who were tortured at secret CIA prisons overseas , the International Committee of the Red Cross said .
A would - be immigrant casts his shadow on a Red Cross tent upon arriving at Arguineguin port in the Canary Islands of Gran Canaria early December 7 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Borja Suarez
The medical workers , thought to be doctors and psychologists , monitored prisoners while they were mistreated at CIA prisons and advised interrogators whether to continue , adjust or halt the abuse , the ICRC said in a report based on interviews with 14 prisoners in 2007 .
One prisoner alleged that medical personnel monitored his blood oxygen levels while he was subjected to waterboarding , a simulated drowning designed to induce panic and widely considered to be torture , the ICRC said .
Other prisoners said that as they stood shackled with their arms chained above their heads , a doctor regularly measured the swelling in their legs and signaled when they should be allowed to sit down .
The ICRC interviewed 14 men who had been held in secret CIA prisons overseas before being sent to the U.S. naval base at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , in 2006 .
The 14 are considered by the United States to be “ high - value ” al Qaeda suspects who plotted or carried out mass murders , including the September 11 attacks and the 2002 Bali nightclub bombings .
They had been held by the CIA , most for more than three years , in extreme isolation and had not been allowed contact with each other when the ICRC interviewed them at Guantanamo in November 2007 .
The ICRC said their claims had credence because they gave similar accounts of their treatment , including the actions of medical monitors whose names they never learned .
The ICRC monitors compliance with the Geneva Conventions governing the treatment of war captives and keeps its reports secret , sharing them only with the detaining government .
The report , written in 2007 , was posted on the New York Review of Books website on Monday night by journalist Mark Danner , who has not said publicly how he obtained it .
“ VIOLATED ETHICAL DUTY ”
He first published excerpts last month , including a portion in which the ICRC concluded the al Qaeda captives ’ treatment in the CIA prisons “ constituted torture ” and violated international law .
The report alleges collars were placed around some prisoners ’ necks and used to slam their heads against the walls , and that they were forced to stand with their arms shackled above them for two or three days and left to urinate or defecate on themselves .
The prisoners told the ICRC they were beaten and kicked , left naked for long periods , subjected to sleep deprivation , loud music , cold temperatures , rape threats and forced shaving .
Some said they were denied solid food unless they cooperated with interrogators and one said he was confined in a crouching position in a box too short to stand in .
A previously undisclosed portion of the report concluded that medical workers who monitored or took part in the interrogations had violated their ethical duty to do no harm , preserve dignity and act in patients ’ best interest .
The ICRC said “ any interrogation process that requires a health professional to either pronounce on the subject ’s fitness to withstand such a procedure , or which requires a health professional to monitor the actual procedure , must have inherent health risks . ”
“ As such , the interrogation process is contrary to international law and the participation of health personnel in such a process is contrary to international standards of medical ethics , ” the ICRC concluded .
The “ high - value ” captives quoted in the report are still at the Guantanamo prison , which President Barack Obama has ordered shut down by January 2010 , and debate continues over what should be done with them .
A military judge released a statement last month in which some of them bragged that they were “ terrorists to the bone ” .
Bush administration officials have said the “ enhanced interrogation ” of those prisoners produced information that helped thwart attacks but have never provided specifics .
Juvenile Defense Attorney in Lake County
Protecting Minors Charged with an Offense
A minor can be charged with a variety of crimes in Illinois , and as a parent , you may be feeling anxious about your child 's future .
Attorney Albert L. Wysocki understands that each child 's case can be different , and while the overall goal of the juvenile justice system is to rehabilitate minors and release them back to society as productive citizens , a criminal record can be hard to shake .
The moment your child is arrest or summoned to juvenile court , you need to contact Albert L. Wysocki right away and schedule a consultation !
Juvenile offenders face a different legal process than adult offenders ; however , their futures and rights are still on the line .
Some prosecutors will even look to try minors in an adult court to prove a point or make an example out of a child .
If your child is facing any of the following offenses , you can turn to the experienced Mr. Wysocki :
Theft crimes
Driving under the influence
Driving without a license
Assault and battery
Gang Violence
Sexual Assault
Drug crimes including sales or possession of drugs
Underage drinking
Weapons charges
Take action today .
Contact Albert L. Wysocki !
If you have any questions or concerns about your situation , it is important that you contact Albert L. Wysocki right away .
His firm can aggressively pursue a favorable resolution to your case and ensure that your child 's rights and are freedom are protected .
When you work with a trusted legal defender , such as Albert L. Wysocki , you can be confident that your case is in good hands .
Attorney Albert L. Wysocki is a former judge , prosecutor , and chief deputy sheriff and you can be sure that he can use this experience to help ensure that each client 's case is handled in a timely and professional manner .
Contact Albert L. Wysocki today and schedule a consultation with an experienced Lake County criminal defense attorney now !
SYDNEY ( Reuters ) - Australian scientists have developed a “ trojan horse ” therapy to combat cancer , using a bacterially - derived nano cell to penetrate and disarm the cancer cell before a second nano cell kills it with chemotherapy drugs .
The “ trojan horse ” therapy has the potential to directly target cancer cells with chemotherapy , rather than the current treatment that sees chemotherapy drugs injected into a cancer patient and attacking both cancer and healthy cells .
Sydney scientists Dr Jennifer MacDiarmid and Dr Himanshu Brahmbhatt , who formed EnGenelC Pty Ltd in 2001 , said they had achieved 100 percent survival in mice with human cancer cells by using the “ trojan horse ” therapy in the past two years .
The scientists plan to start human clinical trials in the coming months .
Human trials of the cell delivery system will start next week at the Peter MacCullum Cancer Center at the Royal Melbourne Hospital and The Austin at the University of Melbourne .
The therapy , published in the latest Nature Biotechnology journal , sees mini-cells called EDVs ( EnGenelC Delivery Vehicle ) attach and enter the cancer cell .
The first wave of mini-cells release ribonucleic acid molecules , called siRNA , which switch off the production of proteins that make the cancer cell resistant to chemotherapy .
A second wave of EDV cells is then accepted by the cancer cell and releases chemotherapy drugs , killing the cancer cell .
“ The beauty is that our EDVs operate like ‘ Trojan Horses ’
They arrive at the gates of the affected cells and are always allowed in , ” said MacDiarmid .
“ We are playing the rogue cells at their own game .
They switch - on the gene to produce the protein to resist drugs , and we are switching - off the gene which , in turn , enables the drugs to enter . ”
DISARMING TUMOUR CELLS
RNA interference , or RNAi , is designed to silence genes responsible for producing disease - causing proteins and is one of the hottest areas of biotechnology research .
RNA was the basis of the 2006 Nobel Prize in medicine .
Dozens of biotechnology companies are looking for ways to manipulate RNA to block genes that produce disease - causing proteins involved in cancer , blindness or AIDS .
Brahmbhatt said that after treatment with conventional drug therapy , a large number of cancer cells die but a small percentage of the cells can produce proteins that make cancer cells resistant to chemotherapeutic drugs .
“ Consequently , follow - up drug treatments can fail .
The tumors thus become untreatable and continue to flourish , ultimately killing the patient , ” said Brahmbhatt .
“ We want to be part of moving toward a time when cancers can be managed as a chronic disease rather than being regarded as a death sentence , ” he said .
The Nature report said the mini-cells were “ well tolerated with no adverse side effects or deaths in any of the actively treated animals , despite repeated dosing . ”
“ Significantly , our methodology does not damage the normal cells and is applicable to a wide spectrum of solid cancer types , ” said MacDiarmid .
“ The hope is that the benign nature of this EDV technology should enable cancer sufferers to get on with their lives and operate normally using out - patient therapy . ”
National champions :
Based on long - term studies of policies of economic development in many parts of the world , Harvard academic Dani Rodrik argues that governments should not focus on high - tech , sunrise or knowledge - intensive industries because it pre-judges who will be successful .
Nor should subsidies be confined to R&D .
It is not always obvious in advance who will succeed .
Who for example would have predicted the success of Italy ?
And yet it has several mature or traditional industries in clothing , furniture and footwear that have succeeded by innovative adaptation despite high labour costs .
Another pitfall to avoid is the sponsorship of ‘ national champions ’ .
Successful countries such as Japan , South Korea and France all pursued an industrial policy but Japan ’s export successes were all in industries where there were significant domestic rivals .
In other sectors of the Japanese economy where there were no such rivals , Japan did not succeed in export markets .
The experience of South Korea was the same .
By comparison , France and Britain opted for national champions , and did not enjoy anywhere near as much export success , with British Leyland an outstanding example of failure .
Starting July 1 , every computer sold in China will come bundled with software designed to block access to pornographic sites and whatever else parents — and , critics fear , the government — want to keep at bay .
As one of the software ’s developers explains , “ If a father does n’t want his son to be exposed to content related to basketball or drugs , he can block all Web sites related to those things . ”
AP via Google :
China is requiring personal computers sold in the country to carry software that blocks online pornography and other Web sites , potentially giving one of the world ’s most sophisticated censorship regimes even more control over the Internet .
The software ’s developer said Monday the tool would give parents more oversight by preventing computers from accessing sites with pornographic pictures or language .
Jinhui Computer System Engineering Co. , which won a government contract to develop the “ Green Dam - Youth Escort ” filtering software , was compiling a database of sites to block .
Read more
By Maggie Shiels
Technology reporter , BBC News , Silicon Valley
Social networking tools have been used to organise rallies and protests Twitter has distanced itself from State Department revelations that it asked the company to delay maintenance so Iranians could continue to communicate .
Twitter is one of the social networking tools being used by people inside the country to coordinate protests disputing the election result .
The planned upgrade would have cut the service at a crucial time of the day .
" The State Dept does not have access to our decision making process , " wrote Twitter co-founder Biz Stone in a blog .
" When we worked with our network provider to reschedule this planned maintenance , we did so because events in Iran were tied directly to the growing significance of Twitter as an important communication and information network .
" We decided together to move the date .
It made sense for Twitter and for NTT America to keep services active during this highly visible global event . "
The State Department declined to give details of its contact with Twitter except to say " we highlighted to them that this was an important form of communication . "
Mr Stone turned down requests by the BBC to be interviewed on the matter .
Twitter moved its maintenance work to the middle of the morning Iran time
In an e-mail he said " we 've addressed this on our company blog to the extent we 're willing to comment at this time . "
Industry watchers however believe that Twitter would have rescheduled its planned maintenance regardless of the State Department 's intervention .
" My guess is that the people at Twitter were already planning to switch things around so that people in Iran could use the service , " said Professor Jonathan L. Zittrain co-founder of the Berkman Centre for Internet & Society at Harvard .
" They would have been well aware of how important their role is in all of this so I would n't read too much into the report about State Department involvement . "
" Citizen journalists "
While social networking tools are proving to be crucial at this time , the unanswered question is just how groundbreaking a moment it will prove to be for the likes of Twitter , YouTube , Flickr and Facebook .
YouTube spokesman Scott Rubin is in no doubt about the answer .
" I 'm likening this to the Velvet Revolution in the Czech Republic where all these barriers are placed in front of people and they keep marching .
Only this time it 's happening online and it's happening on YouTube . "
YouTube has played a major role with videos being uploaded from inside and outside Iran and reposted around the world .
YouTube said traffic from Iran is 10 % of normal " We have been comparing our content with the official coverage coming from journalists inside the country working under severe restrictions and are seeing YouTube acting as a critical platform for citizen journalists , " Mr Rubin told the BBC .
" By using YouTube , Iranian citizens are having their voices heard , their faces seen and their story gets told around the world without filtering .
The real story of this election is being told by the citizen . "
Mr Rubin said that , while it has had no official confirmation , it does appear that YouTube is being blocked by the Iranian government .
Traffic is down by 90 % .
" Civic technology " Regardless of blocks on YouTube and other social networking sites , people are managing to work around the problem by using proxy servers to bypass censorship .
CitizenTube has posted videos on how to configure these proxy networks .
It was set up by YouTube to chronicle the way people are using video to change the way they communicate .
Facebook has been blocked because of its popularity with reform supporters
One 25 year old who has found himself on the virtual front lines of this world event is Austin Heap , an IT director in San Francisco .
Over the weekend he started collating a working list of proxy server addresses and his easy - to - follow instructions on how to set one up made him famous overnight .
People contacted Mr Heap from all over the globe and sent new proxy addresses .
Traffic to his site grew from a few dozen users a day to more than 100,000 in 24 hours .
Mr Heap told the San Francisco Chronicle " Most of the reactions from Iran have almost made me cry .
Having somebody tell me that their family thanks me - that 's the power of the internet .
" I have n't been in the middle of an outpouring like this , ever .
And it makes me incredibly proud of the IT community , " said Mr Heap .
While Professor Zittrain acknowledged that social networking has taken centre stage in this story he said he reserved judgement about just how seminal a moment it is for the sector .
" It just too early to say but my expertise tells me what is going on is extremely interesting .
" It seems to me to indicate the power of something I call civic technology and these are n't just technologies for civic purposes .
I mean technologies that rise or fall depending on the number of people using them and how passionate they are about the technology they are using .
" It may take a while for history to sort out what has been happening this week , " Professor Zittrain told the BBC .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Texas ’s efforts to create incentives for solar power production are dead , dashing the industry ’s hopes that the huge , sunny state would see a surge in demand for panels .
AAS
Last - minute maneuvering this weekend at the end of the state legislative session prevented the appropriation of $ 500 million for solar rebates .
Efforts to change Texas ’s renewable portfolio standard to create extra requirements for solar , biomass and geothermal power had failed earlier .
Solar had previously appeared to be on a roll , and so many bills flooded the state legislature this session that it was sometimes called the “ solar session . ”
“ Is that how hope dies ?
With a whimper and a bang of a gavel ? ” wrote one disappointed environmentalist on Twitter .
Texas leads the nation in producing wind power but it is not even in the top ten for producing electricity from the sun , despite being the second - most populous state .
( California , with the largest population , is the solar leader . )
Solar power is more expensive than wind , and the costs of the proposed rebates , although just 20 cents per month on homeowners ’ bills , had stirred concerns among some lawmakers .
Another bill that would have made it harder for homeowners ’ associations to ban solar panels also failed .
The only solar - related legislation that passed , according to Luke Metzger of Environment Texas , was a provision to let homeowners finance their solar installations with help from the local government , and pay back the cost via extra property taxes over 20 years .
The model is used already in several California cities and is quickly spreading around the country .
Mr. Metzger , who expressed his disappointment with other developments on Twitter , expects Gov. Rick Perry to sign that legislation .
John Berger , the chief executive of Standard Renewable Energy , a Houston - based solar installer , said in an e-mail message that the failure of the solar legislation would have a “ bad impact ” on the state .
He had previously told Green Inc. that the rebates could provide a major boost for business , as had another Texas installer , Meridian Solar .
A number of manufacturers , including Suntech Power and SunPower , have been watching Texas ’s solar moves and evaluating the state as a possible site of manufacturing plants .
Whether the legislative failure would affect their decisions was unclear , but Mr. Metzger was pessimistic .
“ Texas will lose out on major opportunities for solar manufacturing , ” he predicted .
Already this spring , a Texas solar start - up announced plans to move its headquarters to New Mexico and also open a manufacturing plant near Albuquerque , citing better incentives there .
The legislature in Texas , like a handful of other states , meets only every two years .
So unless the governor calls a special session , solar incentives will not be considered again until 2011 .
This is the second big state to see renewable energy incentives fall short in the legislature in recent days .
Florida ’s legislature failed to enact a renewable portfolio standard , which would have established requirements for the state ’s renewable energy use , despite a plea from the governor , Charlie Crist .
Program Note : Watch Randi Kaye ’s full report tonight on AC360° at 10 p.m. ET .
Randi Kaye kneels beside a marijuana plant on her visit to a ' marijuana garden ' with a team of sheriff 's deputies and officials who destroy the plants .
Randi Kaye | Bio
AC360° Correspondent
The helicopter waiting for us was bright blue and yellow .
That was our ride into the Los Padres National Forest in California .
We were about two hours north of Los Angeles .
After the dirt and sand swirling around us settled down , we climbed aboard .
Our pilot flew during Vietnam so I was n't too worried when he took us into the canyon of the forest and hovered there while our photographer shot video of the " marijuana garden " below us .
Hovering in a canyon in a chopper is not for the faint of heart .
We came to do a story for AC360° on the " marijuana gardens " that exist on public land - like national parks and U.S. forests .
About 80 percent of marijuana grown outdoors is grown in those areas .
We came to the right spot here .
As we hovered we could see the plants below us as well as the irrigation system the growers illegally installed in the forest .
The system diverts the rain water to these “ gardens , ” so the rest of the forest is deprived of water while the marijuana plants thrive .
Our pilot dropped us on a ridge .
I was glad we did n't see where we were landing until after we climbed out of the chopper .
We were with deputies from the Ventura County Sheriff ’s Department and they gave us green floppy hats to wear to help blend in among the trees so " they " would n't see us .
Who are " they ? "
I 'm told “ they ” are Mexican immigrants who have been smuggled across the border .
They ’re the ones who are allegedly responsible for growing this stuff .
They bring in the seeds , the fertilizer and everything else they need when they enter the U.S.
It 's all financed , according to law enforcement , by the drug cartels in Mexico .
It ’s a basic exchange : immigrants rely on the cartels to get them across the border , and the immigrants re-pay their debt by tending the " marijuana gardens " for the cartels .
It ’s an uphill battle for law enforcement , which does n't have enough money or manpower to keep destroying the drug .
When we came upon the first plants I was floored .
Never had I seen so much marijuana .
The smell was overpowering .
Overall , our group estimated we found about 7,000 .
We ’re told the street value of that amount is about $ 3.5 million .
We watched as the officers from the sheriff 's department and US Forest Service destroyed every single plant they came across .
I ripped one out of the ground and it uprooted easily .
They broke most of them in two .
All the while I kept wondering if the growers were watching us .
Our guys were carrying rifles and handguns and they said during a raid like this the growers usually hide in a bunker stocked with food built under the forest floor for a day or so to make sure the coast is clear .
That was very unsettling since we also were told the growers carry AK - 47 rifles and military - style weapons to protect the pot plants .
After hiking about a mile deep into the forest ( I 've never seen or touched so much Poison Oak ! ) we found what our team calls the " hooch " .
It ’s the camp where the growers live in the forest from spring until fall while they grow the marijuana .
There was a tent and some canned food items .
Also some bb's which apparently they use to kill rodents and small animals to eat while they are camped there .
The sheriff 's deputies went through the camp to make sure there were n't any weapons or drugs and then destroyed it .
Once the job was done and thousands of plants uprooted , we hiked our way back out of the forest .
It was tougher going back uphill , trust me !
It was a relief to be out safely .
We stood on top of the same ridge where we were dropped , muddy and smelling of marijuana , waiting for our ride to arrive .
A few minutes later the helicopter brought us out of the forest .
The " garden " was destroyed but even our team had to admit there 's a good chance it will all be replanted again .
Be sure to check out Randi 's video :
Pot growing in parks
It 's the 2009 presidential election in Iran and opposition leader Mir-Houssein Mousavi declares victory hours before the polls close , insuring that any result to the contrary will be called into question .
Western media goes into overdrive , fighting with each other to see who can offer the most hyperbolic denunciation of the vote and President Ahmadenijad 's apparent victory ( BBC wins by publishing bald - faced lies about the supposed popular uprising which it is later forced to retract ) .
On June 13th , 30000 " tweets " begin to flood Twitter with live updates from Iran , most written in English and provided by a handful of newly - registered users with identical profile photos .
The Jerusalem Post writes a story about the Iran Twitter phenomenon a few hours after it starts ( and who says Mossad is n't staying up to date with new media ? ) .
Now , YouTube is providing a " Breaking News " link at the top of every page linking to the latest footage of the Iranian protests ( all shot in high def , no less ) .
Welcome to Destabilization 2.0 , the latest version of a program that the western powers have been running for decades in order to overthrow foreign , democratically elected governments that do n't yield to the whims of western governments and multinational corporations .
Ironically , Iran was also the birthplace of the original CIA program for destabilizing a foreign government .
Think of it as Destabilization 1.0 : It 's 1953 and democratically - elected Iranian leader Mohammed Mossadegh is following through on his election promises to nationalize industry for the Iranian people , including the oil industry of Iran which was then controlled by the Anglo - Iranian Oil Company .
The CIA is sent into the country to bring an end to Mossadegh 's government .
They begin a campaign of terror , staging bombings and attacks on Muslim targets in order to blame them on nationalist , secular Mossadegh .
They foster and fund an anti-Mossadegh campaign amongst the radical Islamist elements in the country .
Finally , they back the revolution that brings their favoured puppet , the Shah , into power .
Within months , their mission had been accomplished : they had removed a democratically elected leader who threatened to build up an independent , secular Persian nation and replaced him with a repressive tyrant whose secret police would brutally suppress all opposition .
The campaign was a success and the lead CIA agent wrote an after - action report describing the operation in glowing terms .
The pattern was to be repeated time and time again in country after country ( in Guatemala in 1954 , in Afghanistan in the 1980s , in Serbia in the 1990s ) , but these operations leave the agency open to exposure .
What was needed was a different plan , one where the western political and financial interests puppeteering the revolution would be more difficult to implicate in the overthrow .
Enter Destabilization 1.1 .
This version of the destabilization program is less messy , offering plausible deniability for the western powers who are overthrowing a foreign government .
It starts when the IMF moves in to offer a bribe to a tinpot dictator in a third world country .
He gets 10 % in exchange for taking out an exorbitant loan for an infrastructure project that the country can't afford .
When the country inevitably defaults on the loan payments , the IMF begins to take over , imposing a restructuring program that eventually results in the full scale looting of the country 's resources for western business interests .
This program , too , was run in country after country , from Jamaica to Myanmar , from Chile to Zimbabwe .
The source code for this program was revealed in 2001 , however , when former World Bank chief economist Joseph Stiglitz went public about the scam .
More detail was added in 2004 by the publication of John Perkin 's Confessions of an Economic Hitman , which revealed the extent to which front companies and complicit corporations aided , abetted and facilitated the economic plundering and overthrow of foreign governments .
Although still an effective technique for overthrowing foreign nations , the fact that this particular scam had been exposed meant that the architects of global geopolitics would have to find a new way to get rid of foreign , democratically elected governments .
Destabilization 1.2 involves seemingly disinterested , democracy promoting NGOs with feelgood names like the Open Society Institute , Freedom House and the National Endowment for Democracy .
They fund , train , support and mobilize opposition movements in countries that have been targeted for destabilization , often during elections and usually organized around an identifiable color .
These " color revolutions " sprang up in the past decade and have so far successfully destabilized the governments of the Ukraine , Lebanon , Georgia and Kyrgyzstan , among others .
These revolutions bear the imprint of billionaire finance oligarch George Soros .
The hidden hand of western powers behind these color revolutions has threatened their effectiveness in recent years , however , with an anti-Soros movement having arisen in Georgia and with the recent Moldovan " grape revolution " having come to naught ( much to the chagrin of Soros - funded OSI 's Evgeny Morozov ) .
Now we arrive at Destabilization 2.0 , really not much more than a slight tweak of Destabilization 1.2 .
The only thing different is that now Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and other social media are being employed to amplify the effect of ( and the impression of ) internal protests .
Once again , Soros henchman Evgeny Morozov is extolling the virtues of the new Tehran Twitter revolution and the New York Times is writing journalistic hymns to the power of internet new media ... when it serves western imperial interests .
We are being asked to believe that this latest version of the very ( very ) old program of U.S. corporate imperialism is the real deal .
While there is no doubt that the regime of Ahmadenijad is reprehensible and the feelings of many of the young protestors in Iran are genuine , you will forgive me for quesyioning the motives behind the monolithic media support for the overthrow of Iran 's government and the installation of Mir-Houssein " Butcher of Beirut " Mousavi .
Knowledge is passed down directly from generation to generation in the animal kingdom as parents teach their children the things they will need to survive .
But a new study has found that , even when the chain is broken , nature sometimes finds a way .
Zebra finches , which normally learn their complex courtship songs from their fathers , spontaneously developed the same songs all on their own after only a few generations .
" We found that in this case , the culture was pretty much encoded in the genome , " said Partha Mitra of Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory in New York , co-author of a study in Nature on Sunday .
Birds transmit their songs through social interactions , as humans do for languages , dances , cuisine and other cultural elements .
Though birds and humans have clearly followed different evolutionary paths , birdsong culture can still inform theories of human culture .
Normally , male finches learn their complex courtship songs ( MP3 ) from their uncles and fathers .
But if there are no vocal role models around , the song will deviate from the traditional song and be harsh to female finch ears ( MP3 ) .
Each bird , then , must learn from his father or uncles , as they learned from their fathers , and so on — but this can only take us so far down the lineage .
“ It 's the classic ' chicken and the egg ' puzzle , ” Mitra said .
“ Learning may explain how the son copies its father 's song , but it does n't explain the origin of the father 's song . ”
Mitra 's team wanted to find out what would happen if an isolated bird raised his own colony .
As expected , birds raised in soundproof boxes grew up to sing cacophonous songs .
But then scientists let the isolated birds give voice lessons to a new round of hatchlings .
They found that the young males imitated the songs — but they tweaked them slightly , bringing the structure closer to that of songs sung in the wild .
When these birds grew up and became tutors , their pupils ' song continue to conform , with tweaks .
After three to four generations , the teachers were producing strapping young finches that belted out normal - sounding songs .
You can listen to the progression below , but keep in mind that the elements that are important to female finches – duration of beats , rise and fall of pitch – can be difficult for the untrained human ear to pick up on .
( QuickTime works best for these )
birds raised in isolation ( MP3 )
first generation ( MP3 )
second generation ( MP3 )
third generation ( MP3 )
fourth generation ( MP3 )
wild birds ( MP3 , MP3 )
“ It all happened so fast , and there was so little difference between the colony and in the one - to - one tutoring environment , ” said lead author Olga Fehér of City College of New York .
“ So the process is pretty much hardwired .
And the interesting thing was also that they could only get so close in a single generation , so the three to four generations were necessary for the phenotype to emerge . "
" Song culture can emerge ' from the egg , ' as it were , if one allows for multiple generations to elapse , " Mitra said .
" In a similar way , we may ' grow ' our languages . "
Though there are approximately 6,000 different languages in the world , they all share certain structural and syntactic elements .
Even when a language arises spontaneously , as it did in the 1970s among deaf school children in Nicaragua , it adheres to these stereotypical human language features .
The study 's findings might have implications beyond language to other culturally - transmitted systems , said evolutionary biologist and cognitive scientist Tecumseh Fitch , at the University of St. Andrews .
" We can think about both birdsong and human culture — especially language but including other aspects of human culture , like music , cuisine , dance styles , rituals , technological achievements , clothing styles , pottery decoration and a host of others — in similar terms , " he said .
These culturally - transmitted systems must all pass through the filter of biology .
" Look at all the different human cultures , " said Mitra .
" They 're different , but they 're all within certain constraints , so those differences are n't genetic .
But now compare with the chimp culture — there are key differences .
The possibilities between those cultures are constrained by biology . "
Mitra admits that the analogies between bird culture and human culture are tenuous .
“ But there are resemblances .
Culture is just learned behaviors .
The motivating scenario is , if you isolate human babies from culture , put them on an island and come back after a few generations , what would their culture be like ?
What sort of language would they have ?
What sort of politics would evolve ? "
That experiment probably wo n't take place in the near future .
In the meantime , Fitch says we can learn valuable lessons about human culture from songbirds , both at theoretical and mechanistic levels .
" Social learning is shared between the two , and songbirds are a well - understood and experimentally tractable system , " he said .
" These biologically - grounded studies will lead us beyond the tired ' nature versus nurture ' or ' biology versus culture ' dichotomies which dominate the social sciences today . "
See Also :
Citation : Olga Fehér* , Haibin Wang , Sigal Saar , Partha P. Mitra & Ofer Tchernichovski .
" De novo establishment of wild - type song culture in the zebra finch . "
Nature , published online ahead of print May 3 , 2009 .*
Image : Flickr / NeilsPhotography
Context processors are awesome .
Say you have a different user model and you want to include that in every response .
Instead of doing this :
def myview ( request , arg , arg2=None , template='my/template.html ' ) : '''
My view ... ''' response = dict ( ) myuser = MyUser.objects.get(user=request.user ) response [ ' my_user ' ] = myuser ... return render_to_response( template , response , context_instance=RequestContext( request ) )
Context processes give you the ability to pass any variable to your templates .
I typically put mine in ' my_project/apps/core/context.py :
def my_context ( request ) : try : return dict ( my_user=MyUser.objects.get(user=request.user ) ) except ObjectNotFound : return dict ( my_user= ' ' )
In your settings.py add the following line to your TEMPLATE_CONTEXT_PROCESSORS
TEMPLATE_CONTEXT_PROCESSORS
= ( ' my_project.apps.core.context.my_context ' , ... )
Now every time a request is made it includes the my_user key automatically .
Also signals win .
I wrote a blog post about this a few months ago so I 'm just going to cut and paste :
Out of the box Django gives you several signals that are incredibly useful .
You have the ability to do things pre and post save , init , delete , or even when a request is being processed .
So lets get away from the concepts and demonstrate how these are used .
Say we ’ve got a blog
from django.utils.translation import ugettext_lazy as _ class Post ( models .
Model ) : title = models .
CharField ( _( ' title ' ) , max_length=255 ) body = models .
Text Field ( _( ' body ' ) ) created = models .DateTimeField(auto_now_add=True )
So somehow you want to notify one of the many blog - pinging services we ’ve made a new post , rebuild the most recent posts cache , and tweet about it .
Well with signals you have the ability to do all of this without having to add any methods to the Post class .
import twitter from django.core.cache import cache from django.db.models.signals import post_save from django.conf import settings def posted_blog ( sender , created =None , instance =None , ** kwargs ) : '''
Listens for a blog post to save and alerts some services . ''' if ( created and instance is not None ) : tweet = ' New blog post ! %s ' instance .
title t = twitter .
PostUpdate ( settings .
TWITTER_USER , settings .
TWITTER_PASSWD , tweet ) cache.set(instance.cache_key , instance , 60 * 5 ) # send pingbacks # ... # whatever else else : cache.delete(instance.cache_key ) post_save.connect(posted_blog , sender =Post )
There we go , by defining that function and using the post_init signal to connect the function to the Post model and execute it after it has been saved .
The headlines were all about creating a national cyber- security czar reporting directly to the president , but the Cybersecurity Act of 2009 introduced April 1 in the U.S. Senate would also give the president unprecedented authority over private - sector Internet services , applications and software .
According to the bill 's language , the president would have broad authority to designate various private networks as a " critical infrastructure system or network " and , with no other review , " may declare a cyber - security emergency and order the limitation or shutdown of Internet traffic to and from " the designated the private - sector system or network .
The 51 - page bill does not define what private sector networks would be considered critical to the nation 's security , but the Center for Democracy and Technology fears it could include communications networks in addition to the more traditional security concerns over the financial and transportation networks and the electrical grid .
" I 'd be very surprised if it does n't include communications systems , which are certainly critical infrastructure , " CDT General Counsel Greg Nojeim told eWEEK .
" The president would decide not only what is critical infrastructure but also what is an emergency . "
The bill would also impose mandates for designated private networks and systems , including standardized security software , testing , licensing and certification of cyber - security professionals .
" Requiring firms to get government approval for new software would hamper innovation and would have a negative effect on security , " Nojeim said .
" If everyone builds to the same standard and the bad guys know those standards it makes it easier for the bad guys . "
The legislation also calls for a public - private clearinghouse for cyber - threats and vulnerability information under Department of Commerce authority .
The Secretary of Commerce would have the authority to access " all relevant data concerning such networks without regard to any provision of law , regulation , rule or policy restricting such access . "
In another section of the bill , though , the president is required to report to Congress on the feasibility of an identity management and authentication program " with appropriate civil liberties and privacy protections . "
Nojeim complained the bill is " not only vague but also broad .
Its very broad language is intended to confer broad powers . "
Nojeim also speculated that the bill 's vague language and authority may prove to be powerful incentive for the private sector to improve its cyber - security measures .
" The bill will encourage private - sector solutions to make the more troubling sections of the bill unnecessary , " he said .
According to a number of media reports , the bill was crafted with the cooperation of the White House .
The legislation aims to create a fully integrated , coordinated public - private partnership on cyber - security in addition to pushing for innovation and creativity in cyber - security solutions .
" We must protect our critical infrastructure at all costs - from our water to our electricity , to banking , traffic lights and electronic health records - the list goes on , " Sen . Jay Rockefeller ( D - W.Va . ) , bill co-sponsor , said in a statement .
" It 's an understatement to say that cyber - security is one of the most important issues we face ; the increasingly connected nature of our lives only amplifies our vulnerability to cyber - attacks and we must act now . "
Fellow co-sponsor Sen. Olympia Snowe ( R - Maine ) added , " America 's vulnerability to massive cyber- crime , global cyber-espionage and cyber- attacks has emerged as one of the most urgent national security problems facing our country today .
Importantly , this legislation loosely parallels the recommendations in the CSIS [ Center for Strategic and International Studies ] blue - ribbon panel report to President Obama and has been embraced by a number of industry and government thought leaders . "
The CDT 's Nojeim stressed that are a " number of good things in the bill , " including creation of a cyber - security czar , scholarships for cyber - security programs and collaborations between the government and the private sector .
While urging Congress to change the bill , he argued that the " problematic provisions should n't crowd out the beneficial provisions of the bill . "
Joe Lowrance said , er tweeted , it best when he said ,
" the amount of attention ELMAH has n't got is shocking . "
ELMAH is one of those largely unknown and deeply awesome .
NET Open Source projects that should be part of ASP .
NET proper .
What is ELMAH ?
I like to say that ELMAH is Tivo for your ASP .
NET Errors .
You can get your Yellow Screens of Death , with full call - stack back and analyze what 's really happening .
It 's Exception Driven Development .
What 's it really do ?
Once ELMAH has been dropped into a running web application and configured appropriately , you get the following facilites without changing a single line of your code : Logging of nearly all unhandled exceptions .
A web page to remotely view the entire log of recoded exceptions .
A web page to remotely view the full details of any one logged exception .
In many cases , you can review the original yellow screen of death that ASP.
NET generated for a given exception , even with customErrors mode turned off .
mode turned off .
An e-mail notification of each error at the time it occurs .
An RSS feed of the last 15 errors from the log .
A number of backing storage implementations for the log , including in - memory , Microsoft SQL Server and several contributed by the community .
Created by Atif Aziz ( @raboof on Twitter ) and Scott Mitchell , ELMAH means is " Error Logging Modules and Handlers " and has been rocking my world since , well , September of 2004 .
( Small Correction , Scott Mitchell helped writing the original MSDN article .
ELMAH is 100 % conceived of by Atif . )
From the project site :
ELMAH ( Error Logging Modules and Handlers ) is an application - wide error logging facility that is completely pluggable .
It can be dynamically added to a running ASP.
NET web application , or even all ASP.
NET web applications on a machine , without any need for re-compilation or re-deployment .
ELMAH is wonderful for many reasons .
First , because it just works .
Second , because it's a fantastic example of effective use of HttpModules and HttpHandlers working together .
Third , because it 's been design with enough thought that nearly anything you 'd want from it for use in a production site is there .
I 'm sitting here in a cafe and I 'm going to add ELMAH to the ASP .
NET MVC - based NerdDinner.com Source Code .
Actually , the site , as I do n't need to recompile the source if I 'm not doing anything tricky . ;)
Implementing ELMAH on your ASP.
NET ( MVC or otherwise ) Site
I download ELMAH , and I put its DLL in my / bin folder ( or wherever you like to put libraries ) .
ELMAH does n't need to be referenced by your project directly if you do n't want to .
Ultimately it just needs to be in your bin folder so it can be found .
You can put it in / lib and make a build event if you like , as long as it ends up in / bin .
Then I open up two instances of notepad and copy over a few HttpHandlers and HttpModules into my existing web.config .
Tedious , but straightforward .
Where you put these depends on if you 're using IIS6 or IIS7 , but the general idea is the handlers looks like this :
....
....
and the modules looks like this :
...
...
You can pare it down a bit if you do n't need ErrorMail , for example .
Then , I hit my site at http://localhost:xxxx/elmah.axd and I get this Error log , similar to what you 'd see via Trace .axd .
Ok , no errors .
Let 's make some .
I 'll visit some messed up URLs and intentionally cause trouble ... here 's what ELMAH says now :
And I can drill down and see the Yellow Screen of Death ( YSOD ) as it " would have been . "
Now , this assumes my ASP .
NET MVC site has no error handling to speak of .
ELMAH is watching for unhandled exceptions and recording them , holding them in memory .
I can also setup logs to SQL Server or VistaDB or SQLLite so they 'll live beyond application recycles .
You can certainly secure access to the ELMAH pages .
You can also pull the errors into your favorite RSS Reader , which is a killer feature , IMHO .
Making ELMAH work with ASP .
NET MVC's " HandleError " Attribute
In ASP.NET MVC there 's an attribute called [ HandleError ] that will grab anything that goes wrong inside your controllers and show the ~ \Shared \Error.aspx View .
However , because it " handles " the error , it hides it from ELMAH .
Remember that [ HandleError ] is a declarative try / catch .
In my case , I want to have ELMAH handle it .
There 's two ways around this .
One , I made a method in my Controller like this :
public ActionResult Trouble ( )
{
return View ( " Error " ) ;
}
In my web.config , I have a customErrors section like this :
This sends folks to / Dinners / Trouble which shows the Error page , after ELMAH takes care of it .
Second , as an advanced technique , I could write my own derived HandleErrorWithELMAHAttribute that logs the error using ELMAH 's API , then passes the exception up to the default handler with ASP .
NET MVC .
Looks like Dan Swatik 's blog is dead .
:(
UPDATE : Looks like Dan Swatik was coincidentally doing a similar thing error this morning !
What 's nice about the solution on Dan's Blog , is that it was written with the help of Atif Aziz himself !
( Remember , Atif's
The primary author of ELMAH ! )
Here 's the StackOverflow question .
My naive solution is below , but Atif 's is better as it signals the error to ELMAH 's pipeline rather that logging directly as mine does .
Here 's the more correct version :
namespace MvcDemo
{
using System ;
using System .
Web ;
using System .
Web.Mvc ;
using Elmah ;
public class HandleErrorAttribute : System.Web.Mvc.HandleErrorAttribute
{
public override void OnException ( ExceptionContext context )
{
base.OnException( context ) ;
var e = context .
Exception ;
if ( !context .ExceptionHandled // if unhandled , will be logged anyhow
|| RaiseErrorSignal(e ) // prefer signaling , if possible
|| IsFiltered ( context ) ) // filtered ?
return ;
LogException(e ) ;
}
private static bool RaiseErrorSignal ( Exception e)
{
var context = HttpContext .
Current ;
if ( context == null )
return false ;
var signal = ErrorSignal.FromContext( context ) ;
if ( signal == null )
return false ;
signal .
Raise(e , context ) ;
return true ;
}
private static bool IsFiltered ( ExceptionContext context )
{
var config = context .
HttpContext.GetSection (" elmah/errorFilter " )
as ErrorFilterConfiguration ;
if ( config == null )
return false ;
var testContext = new ErrorFilterModule.AssertionHelperContext (
context .
Exception , HttpContext .
Current ) ;
return config.Assertion .Test(testContext ) ;
}
private static void LogException ( Exception e)
{
var context = HttpContext .
Current ;
ErrorLog.GetDefault( context ) . Log( new Error(e , context ) ) ;
}
}
}
Below is my naive version .
I made this HandleErrorWithELMAHAttribute :
public class HandleErrorWithELMAHAttribute : HandleErrorAttribute
{
public override void OnException ( ExceptionContext filterContext )
{
try
{
var context = HttpContext .
Current ;
Error error = new Error( filterContext .
Exception , context ) ;
ErrorLog log = ErrorLog.GetDefault( context ) ;
string id = log . Log( error ) ;
}
catch ( Exception localException )
{
//
// IMPORTANT !
We swallow any exception raised during the
// logging and send them out to the trace .
The idea
// here is that logging of exceptions by itself should not
// be critical to the overall operation of the application .
//
The bad thing is that we catch ANY kind of exception ,
// even system ones and potentially let them slip by .
//
Trace . WriteLine( localException ) ;
}
base. OnException( filterContext ) ;
}
}
Then I put the attribute on my ASP .
NET MVC Controller like this :
[ HandleErrorWithELMAHAttribute ]
public class DinnersController : Controller {
...
Either way works , I actually kind of prefer the first one , although it requires a controller to have an essentially empty method to send folks to the shared error page .
I keep the / Confused and / Trouble methods in there as I think it makes the site more personal .
Anyway , ELMAH rocks and you should use it today .
Phil Haack loves ELMAH too !
Jeff and the guys at StackOverflow use ELMAH also , albeit a " custom fork . "
( Release your code , Jeff ! )
Time for me to to donate some money to the ELMAH Open Source efforts .
Related
If that old adage still holds true , then the nation may soon see a gradual backpedaling from the criminal justice policies that have led to wholesale incarceration in recent decades .
For the most populous state in the union is on the verge of insolvency -- partly because it did n't set aside a rainy - day fund during the boom years ; partly because its voters recently rejected a series of initiatives that would have allowed a combination of tax increases , spending cuts and borrowing to help stabilize the state 's finances during the downturn ; partly because it has spent the past quarter - century funneling tens of billions of dollars into an out - of - control correctional system .
Now , as California 's politicians contemplate emergency cuts to deal with a $ 24 billion hole in the state budget , old certainties are crumbling .
Similar stories are unfolding around the country ; in Washington , federal officials are talking about drug - policy reform and , more generally , sentencing reform in a way that has not been heard in the halls of power for more than a generation .
For old - time politicians , who have spent the past three - plus decades navigating the country 's roiling tough - on - crime waters , the changes are almost unfathomable .
Onetime California governor and current gubernatorial hopeful Jerry Brown , for example , has spent decades trying to erase the public 's memory of his liberal tenure in the 1970s , when California 's prison population shrank to well below 30,000 .
As a part of that remodeling , he has assiduously courted the California Correctional Peace Officers '
Association , the trade union representing the state 's prison guards .
Now , with his war chest flush with CCPOA funds , Brown wo n't do anything to challenge tough - on - crime orthodoxies .
Yet many newer political faces view the current moment as something of an opportunity .
For Betty Yee , chair of California 's Board of Equalization -- the office responsible for collecting sales tax in the Golden State -- the changes , especially around drug - law enforcement , can't come soon enough .
Sitting at her conference table high up in one of downtown Sacramento's few sky - rises , Yee has marijuana on her mind .
Specifically , she has become an outspoken advocate for legalizing pot for residents older than 21 .
Her friend Assemblyman Tom Ammiano , a former San Francisco city councilman , is pushing just such a bill in the State Legislature .
Yee wants to levy fees on business owners applying for marijuana licenses , impose an excise tax on sellers and charge buyers a sales tax .
Do it properly , and the state could reap about $ 1.3 billion a year , she has estimated .
" Marijuana is so easily available .
Why not regulate it like alcohol and tobacco ? " she says , and gain additional tax revenue into the bargain ?
Not so many years back , any public figure who dared to advocate such reforms would have been shunned by much of the establishment .
It 's a measure of how much things have changed that Yee and Ammiano 's proposal is being taken seriously across the board .
In fact , shortly after I met with Yee , Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger -- whose office declined my request for an interview for this article - - announced that the state should at least consider the merits of pot legalization .
He was n't advocating it , he was careful to stress , but he did think the time was ripe to debate the issue .
" The budget is so bad now , the populism of the issue is beginning to work here in the Legislature , " Ammiano says as he paces back and forth in his office , toward the bookshelves with the four martini glasses and Golden Gate Bridge bookends and then away again .
On the wall near the receptionist 's desk hangs a huge poster from the movie Milk .
" Everyone thinks it 's Cheech and Chong , " he says with a laugh , describing the marijuana legalization bill .
" But there 's a lot of policy wonks " supporting it .
" There 's very conservative support from the oddest sources and locations . "
The GOP chair in the state , as well as Tom Campbell , a Republican gubernatorial hopeful , have indicated their support for his bill , Ammiano declares .
" When it starts to cost more money than it 's worth even in the eyes of the pooh - bahs , then you can accomplish something . "
Over the past three decades , California has tripled the number of prisons it operates , has more than quintupled its prison population and has gone from spending $ 5 on higher education for every dollar it spent on corrections to a virtual dead - heat in spending .
That puts it in the same boat as Michigan , Vermont , Oregon , Connecticut and Delaware -- all of which , according to estimates by the Pew Charitable Trust , spend as much or more on prisons than on colleges .
California is also under federal court order to implement costly improvements in the delivery of medical and mental healthcare services in prisons and to release close to a third of the prison population - - about 55,000 inmates -- to improve conditions for those remaining behind bars .
Schwarzenegger adamantly opposed that ruling by a three - judge panel .
Now , though , in the face of fiscal calamity , he is proposing cutting the prison population by tens of thousands .
Of course , he is doing that not out of concern for inmates ' well - being , or out of a sense that many sentences are disproportionate to the crime , but simply because the state can no longer pay its bills .
Schwarzenegger believes he can save several hundred million dollars by releasing some categories of inmates , in particular nonviolent offenders who are in the country illegally and stand to be deported upon early release .
To save money , he 's also talking about firing hard - working guards ( a far better , but costlier , option would be to scale back the prison system and to retrain surplus guards to work in other venues ) , and he 's asking for close to $ 1 billion in cuts to vital prison drug - treatment , education and job - training services .
At the same time , since this is all about shaving dollars off budgets rather than intelligent criminal justice system reform , there 's no talk of investing in crucial re-entry infrastructure .
In short , it looks like California will go about a necessary scaling back of the correctional system exactly the wrong way .
But however grudgingly state officials are approaching the issue , at least they recognize that the magnitude of prison spending is a problem .
Down the road , when Californians start thinking beyond the crisis moment , that new understanding will shape policy responses for years to come .
It will both feed off and help create a new national sentiment that being " tough on crime " is n't necessarily being smart on crime .
Tough - on - crime rhetoric , and the policies and institutions that grow from it , emerged from Nixon 's Silent Majority tactics , from his recasting of politics as a series of debates around " values " rather than bread - and - butter issues .
And in the same way the 2008 presidential election ended that peculiar chapter in American history , so too did it end the monotone cry that we could incarcerate our way out of deep - rooted social and economic problems .
Despite a few halfhearted GOP attempts to accuse Democrats of being weak on drugs and public safety -- Obama had , after all , written about his drug use during his teenage and early adult years , which , according to the old calculus , should have made him an easy target for scaremongers -- neither presidential candidate played the tough - on - crime card .
It was a nonissue for most voters and thus for the candidates .
In fact , recent Zogby polling commissioned by the National Council on Crime and Delinquency suggests that close to eight in ten Americans favor alternatives to incarceration for low - level nonviolent offenders .
Another Zogby poll , from last fall , found that just more than three - quarters of Americans felt the " war on drugs " was a failure .
The sea change in public opinion holds in California too .
In late March the Los Angeles Times ran a column asking readers their opinion on marijuana legalization .
So far 4,927 people have replied , and 94 percent of them favor legalization .
A Field Poll in April found that 56 percent of Californians favor legalizing and taxing pot .
The new atmosphere is most apparent vis-à - vis the Obama administration 's move away from " war on drugs " rhetoric and toward a harm - reduction strategy .
Gil Kerlikowske , the new head of the Office of National Drug Control Policy , has made it clear that he prefers treatment over punishment for drug users , a preference he brings from his time as a reform - oriented police chief in Seattle .
Putting money where its mouth is , the new team has increased funding for the Bush - era Second Chance Act , intended to connect released inmates with community services such as housing , family counseling and addiction treatment .
Support is also growing for the creation of more drug and mental health courts across the country .
Finally , there are the promises being made by drug policy leaders in Washington that state medical marijuana laws will be respected rather than trampled , as they have been for more than a decade .
A related issue involves the infamous discrepancy in sentences for crack - versus powder - cocaine crimes .
Vice President Biden was one of the architects of these laws -- which is why his repudiation of them in recent years has been so significant .
The day after Obama 's inauguration , the president 's website mentioned the importance of eliminating these discrepancies -- as well as of promoting needle - exchange programs and expanding the nation 's embryonic network of drug courts .
The House recently held hearings on the sentencing discrepancy issue .
For Margaret Dooley - Sammuli , deputy state director of the Drug Policy Alliance in Southern California , sacrosanct legislative underpinnings of the " war on drugs " are starting to look like the Berlin Wall , " up one day and down the next " -- seemingly impregnable ; in reality , utterly fragile .
Over the past few years , an increasing number of localities have dabbled in ways to simply walk away from the " war on drugs . "
Initiatives in several states and cities , including Denver ; Missoula , Montana ; Albany County , Oregon ; and Seattle have mandated that law enforcement agencies deprioritize marijuana arrests .
Several cities have begun needle - exchange programs .
And states like California have passed citizens ' initiatives mandating that first - time drug offenders be channeled into treatment programs in lieu of prisons .
Then there 's Virginia Senator Jim Webb 's legislation creating a blue - ribbon commission on criminal justice reform , with a mandate to put all questions on the table during its eighteen - month tenure -- from drug law reform to the restoration of judicial discretion in sentencing , from parole reforms to different approaches to gangs , border patrol , prison architecture and the like .
Webb has been pushing for systemic criminal justice reform for years ; in 2009 , he believes , it will acquire legs .
During a telephone interview for this article , Webb said that President Obama " has personally called me on this , and he 's very supportive of the idea of moving forward . "
Across the aisle many Republican senators , including senior figures like Lindsey Graham , have also expressed support for the idea .
The bipartisan backing for Webb 's commission is partly a response to the escalating drug - and - gang crisis south of the border .
There 's a growing recognition in US policy and law enforcement circles that government dysfunction , phenomenal levels of street violence and the rising power of drug cartels are threatening to move from being a Latin American problem to one that destroys the integrity of the Mexican state and risks spilling over more heavily into the American Southwest .
Nobody , no matter their political stripe , wants the Tijuana- ization or Juárez- ization of Phoenix or Los Angeles , of San Diego or El Paso .
" It really is a serious problem in this country , " Webb argues .
" The transnational gangs or syndicates are bringing a tremendous amount of drugs into this country . "
To get a handle on that problem involves thinking of ways to neutralize these gangs , which inevitably leads to a discussion of partial drug decriminalization or legalization .
Why ?
Because once the drug market is no longer confined to the shadows -- once it is regulated and taxed , as alcohol was after Prohibition ended in 1933 -- the violence that accompanies struggles for control of that illicit market will disappear .
After years of denying this truth and assuming that the country could incarcerate its way out of the drug - abuse epidemic , a number of American politicians , Webb included , are touting that seemingly paradoxical fact .
Want to get really tough on crime ?
Well , do the smart thing : start working out ways to neutralize the drug cartels , start talking about at least limited forms of decriminalization or legalization .
It is , Webb argues , " a fair issue for this commission .
Every piece of it should be fair game . "
For an administration like Obama 's that prides itself on thinking outside the box , systemic drug policy reform is an intriguing prospect .
An increasing number of law enforcement people and judges have also decided that this is an idea worth running with .
" I 've never seen so much interest , " says retired Orange County superior court judge James Gray , who has been advocating marijuana legalization since the early 1990s .
" My phone is ringing much more than it ever has before . "
" We need to ask , Is there a more sensible approach ? " argues Norm Stamper , who , like Kerlikowske , is a former chief of police of Seattle who believes the criminal justice system is broken .
" And the answer is prevention and education and treatment . "
After decades of being on the defensive , progressive criminal justice reformers suddenly have a receptive audience .
New York , which has closed some of its prisons in the past decade , has spent the last few years unraveling the tangled web created by the 1970s - era Rockefeller drug laws .
Michigan , Louisiana and several other states have also scaled back their harshest mandatory drug sentences .
The State of Washington is looking at how to redefine low - end drug and property crimes as misdemeanors rather than felonies .
And in Michigan , which allows a $ 100 theft to trigger a four - year prison sentence , legislators are pushing to make the threshold $ 1,000 instead , so as to reduce the number of low - end offenders pushed into long - term incarceration and hobbled for life by felony convictions .
Meanwhile , correctional system administrators in Georgia , Illinois and Arkansas have started the long , hard task of reforming their systems from within even without a new consensus emerging on the issue .
Howard Wooldridge , a retired police detective from Bath , Michigan , who advocates in DC for criminal justice system reform , says the moment is ripe for change .
" I 've been doing this for twelve years , and this is by far the most perfect storm . "
America is n't about to abandon all of its " tough on crime " tenets .
Nor should it in all instances .
The three - strikes law will likely remain in place for violent offenders , as will the growing body of laws limiting where sex offenders may live .
Violent crimes will probably continue to trigger longer sentences than they did before the get - tough movement .
And while some inmates will qualify for early release , many sentenced to long terms at the height of the tough - on - crime years will stay in prison .
But out of economic necessity and because of shifting mores , the country will likely get more selective , and smarter , about how it uses incarceration and whom it targets for long spells behind bars .
This will be especially true for drug policy -- the multi-tentacled beast that 's sucking most people into jails and prisons .
There , profound changes are likely to develop over the next few years .
And when it comes to the mentally ill , momentum continues to build around mental health courts designed to get people medical and counseling help rather than simply to shunt them off to prison .
States like Pennsylvania are starting to develop parallel institutions to deal with mentally ill people who run afoul of the law .
Many other states will likely follow suit in the near future .
Forty years after deinstitutionalization , a new consensus is emerging that prisons became an accidental , de facto alternative to mental hospitals , and that very little good has come from that development .
" I believe that we have a compelling national interest , " explains Senator Webb , referring to systemic criminal justice reform .
" That 's a term that is carefully chosen .
This is a national commission , but it should not be limited to looking at the federal prison system .
You have to look at the whole picture and then boil it down into resolvable issues . "
Note :
This article appeared in the July 6 , 2009 edition of The Nation .
Source : Nation , The ( US )
Author : Sasha Abramsky
Published : June 17 , 2009
Copyright : 2009 The Nation
Website : http://www.thenation.com/
URL : http://drugsense.org/url/KQ1U87pU
Contact : http://www.thenation.com/contact/lett
CannabisNews Justice Archives
http://cannabisnews.com/news/list/justice.shtml
For most kids in this country , their last high school game / match is the last time they ’ll step on the court / field , etc .
The sports you play in high school play an important role in your development as an athlete , student , but most of all , as a person .
When I played basketball and tennis in high school , all I thought about was the competition itself .
Things like going 4 for 4 from 3 - point land , closing out a set , and taking State meant a lot to me .
Looking back , it probably meant too much to me .
However , without realizing it , I learned valuable life lessons through sports .
High school sports undoubtedly emphasize leadership skills , representing yourself and your school in a positive manner , and competing intensely all while upholding your own moral values .
Coaches at this level do not get enough credit for what they are doing .
They are n’t paid the big bucks like professional or college coaches ( unless you ’re a high school football coach in Texas ) .
In fact with all the time they spend at practice , traveling to games , coaching games , watching game tape , and in team meetings , I bet they do n’t even make minimum wage .
They do it because they love the sport and kids with an insane amount of passion .
They are in it for a different reason .
To have a stranger come in and teach your child something that they ’re passionate about goes unnoticed too many times .
I bring this up because a well known high school football coach in Iowa was shot and killed yesterday .
Ed Thomas produced four NFL players from his school including Broncos center Casey Wiegmann .
Wiegmann sums it up nicely speaking about the man who helped him develop into the human being he is today :
“ It ’s hard to begin to talk about what he ’s meant to me …
You ’re not just learning football stuff from the man , you ’re learning about life .
My values , the way I run my life and treat my family and take care of people came from him . ”
I guarantee that most of the players you see out there on Sunday ’s would not be there if it were n’t for the coach they had while they were in high school .
I would actually put money on that .
While being a parent is all fine and good , it takes a village to raise a child .
While a teenager is busy rebelling and testing the limits , there are n’t many people who can reach that child .
One person who can is their coach .
So I want to raise a virtual glass to Ed Thomas and every high school coach out there .
Without you , the NFL would n’t be the same .
More importantly , society would be in bad shape .
Post Not Found
The post you requested cannot be found or no longer exists .
The administrator or moderator may have deleted the post .
Django needs a standard way in which session - specific messages can be created and retrieved for display to the user .
For years we 've been surviving using user .
message_set to store messages that are really specific to the current session , not the user , or using the latest and greatest Django snippet , pluggable app , or custom crafted middleware to handle messages in a more appropriate way .
While this has been discussed at length in Ticket # 4604 as well as on Django Snippets , here are a few reasons that user .
message_set is the wrong implementation :
No message_set exists for an AnonymousUser in Django , so you can't display any messages to them .
exists for an in Django , so you can't display any messages to them .
What happens when the same user is logged in from two different browsers and completing two different tasks , simultaneously ?
When using user . message_set to store feedback for the user , the messages will be distributed on a first come first served basis , with no regard for what session actually generated what feedback .
For this reason it's bad to get in the habit of using user .
message_set for messages like " Article updated successfully " or other messages that really have no context outside the current session .
I 've outlined a few characteristics below that I believe would make up a solid session messaging contrib app .
Please feel free to comment if I missed anything , or if you 've got beef with any of my points .
This is in many ways a work in progress , so I 'll update it as often as I can .
Standards .
The implementation ought to make it clear how multiple messages are to be stored and retrieved for display to the user .
Maybe you need to push multiple messages onto the stack from a single view , or your app performs multiple redirects through different views .
The implementation ought to make it clear how multiple messages are to be stored and retrieved for display to the user .
Maybe you need to push multiple messages onto the stack from a single view , or your app performs multiple redirects through different views .
Persistence .
In the case where your app redirects through multiple views , it 's not acceptable for session messages to disappear .
The implementation needs to provide facilities for determining whether or not the messages were actually displayed , and delay purging the message list if necessary .
In the case where your app redirects through multiple views , it 's not acceptable for session messages to disappear .
The implementation needs to provide facilities for determining whether or not the messages were actually displayed , and delay purging the message list if necessary .
Flexibility .
Support the case where a large number of independent , pluggable apps do messaging in the same project ( sometimes for the same request ) , but do n't require it .
display all the messages created by all the apps , but do n't break ( or lose messages ) if one of the apps does n't happen to use the messaging implementation .
Support the case where a large number of independent , pluggable apps do messaging in the same project ( sometimes for the same request ) , but do n't require it .
display all the messages created by all the apps , but do n't break ( or lose messages ) if one of the apps does n't happen to use the messaging implementation .
Efficiency .
Avoid storing messages in the database ( or another persistent store ) if possible .
While it 's possible to use memcache as a session backend , this is n't always possible .
One potential implementation would be to store shorter messages directly in a cookie , but provide a fallback to session - based storage for longer messages .
Here 's the implementation we use at Caktus , which is far from complete but it does address some of these points .
This code is based on a number of snippets as well as attachments to the above referenced ticket .
It could be improved by purging each message independently when it is actually retrieved and adding facilities for cookie - based storage .
While I have n't used it yet , django - notify looks a lot better than this and I 'm excited about trying it out .
You know them .
I know them .
And , increasingly , psychiatrists know them .
People who feel they have been wronged by someone and are so bitter they can barely function other than to ruminate about their circumstances .
This behavior is so common -- and so deeply destructive -- that some psychiatrists are urging it be identified as a mental illness under the name post - traumatic embitterment disorder .
The behavior was discussed before an enthusiastic audience last week at a meeting of the American Psychiatric Assn. in San Francisco .
The disorder is modeled after post - traumatic stress disorder because it too is a response to a trauma that endures .
People with PTSD are left fearful and anxious .
Embittered people are left seething for revenge .
“ They feel the world has treated them unfairly .
It ’s one step more complex than anger .
They ’re angry plus helpless , ” says Dr. Michael Linden , a German psychiatrist who named the behavior .
Embittered people are typically good people who have worked hard at something important , such as a job , relationship or activity , Linden says .
When something unexpectedly awful happens -- they do n’t get the promotion , their spouse files for divorce or they fail to make the Olympic team -- a profound sense of injustice overtakes them .
Instead of dealing with the loss with the help of family and friends , they can not let go of the feeling of being victimized .
Almost immediately after the traumatic event , they become angry , pessimistic , aggressive , hopeless haters .
“ Embitterment is a violation of basic beliefs , ” Linden says .
“ It causes a very severe emotional reaction .
. . .
We are always coping with negative life events .
It ’s the reaction that varies . ”
There are only a handful of studies on the condition , but psychiatrists at the meeting agreed that much more research is needed on identifying and helping these people .
One estimate is that 1 % to 2 % of the population is embittered , says Linden , who has published several studies on the condition .
“ These people usually do n’t come to treatment because ‘ the world has to change , not me , ’ ” Linden says .
“ They are almost treatment resistant .
. . .
Revenge is not a treatment . ”
Nevertheless , Linden suggests that people once known as loving , normal individuals who suddenly snap and kill their family and themselves may have post - traumatic embitterment syndrome .
That ’s reason enough for researchers to study how to treat the destructive emotion of bitterness .
--
shari.roan@latimes.com
ROME ( AP ) 
Italy 's lower chamber of parliament has passed a hotly debated measure making it a crime to enter or stay in Italy illegally as Premier Silvio Berlusconi 's conservative forces continue cracking down on illegal migration .
In a bid to ensure swift passage , Berlusconi 's allies put the legislation to a confidence vote , which they easily won 316-258 .
Confidence votes force lawmakers to close ranks since defeat would force the government 's resignation .
The legislation must now be approved by the senate .
It would make it a crime to enter or stay in Italy illegally , punishable by a fine of $ 6,840 - $ 13,670 , although no prison penalty would be imposed .
In addition , the legislation imposes a prison term of up to three years for anyone who rents an apartment to an illegal immigrant .
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
My friend and colleague Hal Roberts is one of the internet ’s top censorship and filtering researchers .
When Chinese authorities announced that a client - based piece of filtering software called GreenDam would be required for installation on new PCs , Hal downloaded the software and spent a good chunk of this week trying to understand how it works .
He and colleagues released a report earlier today that demonstrates that GreenDam is incredibly ambitious and invasive to user privacy , but also badly broken and virtually unusable .
Perhaps the best demonstration of this fact is the video
Hal put together earlier today and posted on his blog .
It shows GreenDam slowly realizing that it wants to block a Falun Gong site … then blocking any other sites that begin with the letter “ f ” , due to the way Internet Explorer handles autocompletion and GreenDam blocks content .
Basically , GreenDam approaches censorship very differently from conventional filtering tools .
Most client - side filters rely on lists of banned sites downloaded from the internet .
Not GreenDam – Hal ’s test shows that it does n’t appear to know that falundafa.org ( a site that the Great Firewall always blocks ) is a banned site until he comes across a sensitive phrase , three clicks into the site .
That phrase is checked against an internal dictionary .
This allows GreenDam not only to censor the net , but to shut down an application like Notepad if someone writes sensitive content .
Similarly GreenDam apparently does n’t keep watchlists of porn sites – instead , it attempts to detect if an image is pornographic by checking against an internal algorithm .
( Some testers have discovered that the algorithm blocks light - skinned naked people , though not dark - skinned ones . )
My guess is that problems like the ones Hal documents in his report and video are going to prevent GreenDam from being mandated across China .
And I have confidence that Chinese hackers will find effective ways to shut off the tool shortly after it ’s released widely .
But it ’s hard to know … and the ambitions of the tool designers to censor the ability to even type certain phrases is pretty chilling .
Ever since I saw the F - 35 demon helmet — which gives a 360 - degree spherical view of the battlefield — I have wondered how it really looks inside , for the pilot .
No more : Jump to minute 3:50 .
Advertisement
The helmet projects an augmented reality world inside its visor .
This image is created by a visualization , targeting , and situational awareness marvel called Electro Optical Distributed Aperture System , which combines the feeds from six advanced infrared digital cameras located around the aircraft and other sensors — like radar — into a seamless 360 - degree spherical panorama , all in real time .
Advertisement
The panorama inside the helmet effectively makes the F - 35 completely invisible to the pilot .
In fact , he will be invisible to himself :
If he looks down to his legs , he wo n't see anything but the ground .
He will be able to look to any direction and get a clear view of what is happening , day or night .
And not only the image is crystal clear at all times , but it also gets overlaid with information from the targeting system .
The targeting and radar systems can detect any moving object in the ground or the air , identifying them it as friend or foe , as well as their direction under any conditions .
It then allows the pilot to lock on one , fire , and direct the weapons towards it .
The system is apparently so advanced that Northrop Grumman — the manufacturer — goes as far as saying that it makes the F - 35 's maneuverability irrelevant : " Instead of mutual kills , the F - 35 simply exits the fight , and lets its missiles do the turning . "
I do n't know if that will prove true in actual combat , but it does n't make the helmet and DAS less impressive .
[ Flight Global ]
Wikipedia is a great knowledge base , containing tons of text and lots of photos , but it 's lacking when it comes to videos , which are , well , quite scarce .
This is all going to change in a couple of months , as Wikipedia has big plans for video ; both in the sense of having more videos on the site , and letting contributors edit and annotate the actual videos .
According to MIT 's Technology Review , this should happen within two or three months .
Wikipedia editors will get a new option , Add Media , which will let them search for videos , and insert portions of the video ( via a simple drag and drop interface ) into the article .
Further plans include annotating the actual videos , and editing as well as reorganizing Wikipedia 's video collection - similar to what is now done with Wikipedia 's articles .
Where will the videos come from ?
Wikipedia has a plan .
First , there 's the Metavid , a repository of Congressional speeches and hearings ; Internet Archive and its 200,000 videos , and Wikimedia Commons , which is currently mostly holding photos but has a collection of video files as well .
However , once this initiative takes place , Wikipedia hopes that its users and editors will be more keen on uploading videos to Wikimedia .
There is a catch , however : the videos added to Wikipedia 's database will have to be based on open - source formats .
Since Wikipedia offers great exposure and traffic to everyone , this will surely motivate more people to use or convert their videos to these formats , and more open source is always a good thing .
A million dollar bounty on Bush , Cheney , Rumsfeld , and Blair
Stateside with Rosalea Barker
Post 47
A bounty on their heads !
One million dollars was offered on May 30 at 2:58 pm PST by Dr Jurgen Todenhofer , former member of the German parliament , former judge and honorary Colonel of the US Army , to the one :
who brings George W. Bush , Dick Cheney , Donald Rumsfeld and Tony Blair in a fair and legal procedure before an American or an international court on the grounds :
of the wounding and killing of thousands of American GIs and
of the torture , dismemberment and killing of hundreds of thousands innocent Iraqi civilians .
As the Nuremberg war crimes tribunal stated : “ To initiate a war of aggression is not only an international crime , it is the supreme international crime - differing only from other war crimes in that it contains within it the accumulated evil of all crimes of war . ”
The chief U.S. prosecutor Robert H. Jackson said : “ We must never forget that the record on which we judge these defendants today constitutes the record on which history will judge us tomorrow . ”
Or as the famous British writer and actor Peter Ustinov once noted : “ Wars are the terrorism of the rich . ”
A true democrat and a firm believer in the rule of law cannot hang the little thieves and let the great ones escape .
Todenhofer made the offer in post # 47 in response to a question about how he managed to cope with the human tragedy he witnessed while interviewing people for his book about the Iraqi resistance , Why Do You Kill ?
The website for the book ( which is called “ Why Do You Kill , Zaid ? ” in Germany ) is here .
In a later post in the FDL salon , Todenhofer urged people to buy three copies — “ one for you , one for your best friend , and one for your senator .
Those people who have read this book can no longer vote for war . ”
He donates all the royalties to injured Iraqi children and to an Israeli - Palestinian reconciliation project in Jerusalem .
Among the Ten Theses that form the epilogue of the book , is this one :
10 .
What is needed now is the art of statesmanship , not the art of war - in the Iran conflict , in the Iraq conflict and in the Palestine conflict .
In his elaboration of that point , Todenhofer says that a solution to the Iraq conflict “ will only be found if the United States negotiates - as it did in the Vietnam War - with the leaders of the resistance , though of course not with Al - Qaeda .
The leaders of the patriotic and moderate Islamist resistance are almost all prepared to take part in such talks . ”
Firedolake ’s book salon with Dr. Todenhofer is online here .
*************
rosalea.barker@gmail.com
-- PEACE —
© Scoop Media
You ’ve heard about Dodger Dogs .
Today , a story about Dodger hogs .
On Monday night , I went to the Ravine to see if the recession was driving more fans into the right field bleachers , where a ticket comes with a promise :
All you can eat , no questions asked .
Advertisement
Think about it .
You can fast all day , pig out at the ballgame and not have to eat the next day .
On Monday , the Dodgers were playing the Arizona Diamondbacks , who are n’t exactly a big draw .
But even on a slow night , roughly 850 die-hards feasted on baseball and enough hot dogs , nachos , peanuts , popcorn and soda to feed the California National Guard .
Purchased in advance , a ticket to the All - You - Can-Eat Pavilion costs $ 25 .
If you were to buy an advance ticket to the left - field bleachers , you ’d pay $ 11 , but one hot dog , peanuts and a soft drink would have you up around $ 25 .
So the smart shopper heads for right field .
Dodger spokesman Josh Rawitch said that although total Dodger attendance is up 1 % this year , it ’s up 6 % in the All You Can Eat Pavilion .
“ We were just talking about this , and I think the recession might have something to do with it , ” said Eddie Vidana , usher captain , who has seen more sell - outs this year in right field .
Advertisement
As the game was getting underway Monday , I spotted Robert Ruiz , Juan Avalos and Steve Martinez , who all work at the Porterville Developmental Center north of Bakersfield .
They were eating like they ’d been sentenced to death and were going for broke on their last meal .
Ruiz had polished off two hot dogs , nachos , a bag of popcorn , a soda and a water by the first inning .
Avalos was keeping pace with two hot dogs , two nachos and a soda .
Martinez was on his third hot dog and had a tray with four sodas on it , all for himself .
L.A. is more than three hours from Porterville , the buddies said , but the endless supply of food makes the long trip worthwhile , even with a $ 15 parking fee .
“ The last time we came , he called in sick the next day , ” Ruiz said of Avalos , but they could n’t agree on whether it was four hot dogs or six that did the damage .
On the field , meanwhile , Dodger slugger Andre Ethier wound up and tossed a souvenir warmup ball into the bleachers between innings .
It floated up like a big scoop of ice cream and landed in the grateful hands of Avalos .
Advertisement
“ All you can eat , and a baseball too ! ” he said .
To be honest , though , these guys were pikers .
Several rows down , Daniel Tzec , a Pomona housekeeper , had eaten six hot dogs and one order of nachos by the second inning .
He also had quaffed three beers , which cost extra , unlike sodas or water .
Tzec looked like he was running out of gas , but he insisted otherwise .
“ It ’s just a little rest , ” he said , and he may not have been kidding .
Four more dogs , on very short leashes , were cradled next to him on a cardboard tray .
As I talked to Tzec , I began questioning my support for universal healthcare .
Do I really want to take on the burden of medical care for someone who ’s inclined to eat six hot dogs in two innings ?
According to the Farmer John website , a Dodger Dog has 240 calories , 200 of them from fat , as well as more sodium than the Salton Sea .
Do you get a souvenir defibrillator with your 10th dog ?
Advertisement
One of the ushers told me she ’d seen people eat themselves sick in right field , and when the ballgames are over , fans have been known to smuggle more peanuts and hot dogs past security and out of the stadium .
There ’s no way to prevent it , one guard said , so they do n’t even try .
Despite my rush to judgment , I must say there ’s something exhilarating about the idea of living without self - control or the desire to develop any .
When I saw Paul Galle lift his girth off the bleachers and head under the stands for refills , I noticed that he was smiling like a thief , as if he could n’t believe the Dodgers and Levy Restaurants , the stadium concessionaire , were foolish enough to let him plow through their buffet of saturated fat to his heart ’s content .
He said he was still hungry after two nachos , one popcorn , two bags of peanuts and eight hot dogs .
Eight hot dogs ?
Advertisement
“ Actually that ’s four double dogs , ” said Galle , who ’s in his 30s .
And what exactly is a double dog ?
Galle , a schoolteacher from Chino Hills , explained that he gets the maximum allowable four hot dogs on each trip to the concession stand , then throws away two of the buns and stuffs the extra dogs into the remaining buns .
With less bread , he ’s able to eat more meat .
Galle has it down to a science at the condiment station , where he nimbly makes the dog transfer , tosses spare buns , and loads up with ketchup , mustard and relish .
Advertisement
“ That ’s unfortunate , ” he said as one bun split under the weight of two dogs , and he substituted with a backup bun .
By the way , his ticket to this little orgy had cost him just $ 17.50 on EBay .
“ I do n’t know if that ’s a recession - buster , but it ’s a great deal and an awesome value , ” said Galle , who said he weighs 320 pounds but tries not to think about it .
“ I would n’t weigh myself for a week after coming to Dodger Stadium , ” he said .
“ I ’m not a glutton . ”
Advertisement
Yes , he said , he feasts on life , lives in the moment and offers no apologies .
“ I ’m very existentialist , ” he said .
“ I was a philosophy major . ”
His father , the much slimmer Richard , told me Paul had recently shed 25 pounds to get in shape for an Alaskan cruise in July .
They ’re going with two friends and decided they could n’t all fit into one cabin , so they reserved two .
Richard said his son is a good - hearted guy , but he needs to do something about his insatiable appetite .
“ All he can say is , ‘ Oink , ’ ” said the father .
Advertisement
“ Thanks , Dad , ” said the philosopher , who ate 12 hot dogs ( or six double dogs , I should say ) before calling it quits by the seventh inning .
The Dodgers lost , by the way , 3 - 2 .
But out in right field , that was beside the point .
--
steve.lopez@latimes.com
I think we all agree that backgrounds , whether viewed on a website , a mobile phone , or a desktop , act as a key visual element that could render the viewing experience from pleasant to utterly disturbing .
Of course what we are interested in is to have a great looking background , and there are many simple ways to achieve that .
This roundup is just about that .
The list includes online generators that will easily create patterns , stripes , gradients and even tartans , all you have to do is download , tile , and impress !
Related Roundups
Know Some More ?
You know the drill ; share them with everyone by adding them in the comments .
Long - time radio host : Some say Cincinnati ' one of most racist towns they 've been in '
Long - time radio host Lincoln Ware joined The Enquirer 's That 's So Cincinnati podcast to do what he does best – speak honestly about politics and race .
NYT Helps the Bushies , Again The New York Times , which helped sell the Iraq War with a bogus story about aluminum tubes for nuclear centrifuges and withheld evidence of illegal spying on Americans for more than a year , is again mishandling a sensitive story in a way that panders to the Right .
Email
Printer friendly The Times lead story for its Washington Edition on May 21 was headlined , “ 1 in 7 Detainees Rejoined Jihad , Pentagon Finds , ” and starts out by reporting that a Pentagon study has concluded that “ about one in seven of the 534 prisoners ” transferred out of the Guantanamo Bay prison “ returned to terrorism or militant activity . ”
But that is not what the Pentagon can possibly know .
Beyond the weaknesses in the Pentagon ’s evidence , which is only noted deep inside the Times article , there is the unsupported assertion by the Times that the detainees have “ returned ” to violent activity , thus assuming that the freed prisoners had previously been engaged in terrorism or other extremism .
Even assuming that the study is correct about one in seven engaging in militant activity after release , the evidence is lacking about the prisoners previous acts of terrorism because – if such evidence existed – the Bush administration presumably would not have released them .
In other words , the most that the Times should have reported is that the Pentagon study claimed that one in seven engaged in militant activities after leaving Guantanamo .
It is entirely possible that some ex-prisoners became radicalized and joined with extremists because of their sometimes brutal treatment in U.S. custody at Guantanamo .
The Washington Post was more careful in its report about the findings , stating that the Pentagon study “ found that 27 Guantanamo detainees released to other countries since 2002 had been confirmed as subsequently engaging in terrorist activities and another 47 are strongly suspected of doing so . ”
The Post did not claim that the detainees had “ returned ” to militant activity .
The Times also appears to have backed away from the headline and opening paragraph of its Washington Edition .
The version on the Times ’
Web site later in the morning had a headline reading “ Later Terror Link Cited for 1 in 7 Freed Detainees ” and the lead paragraph was phrased differently , removing the “ returned ” language , though the word is still used deeper in the story .
Despite those changes , the version in the Times ’ Washington edition resonated across the nation ’s capital , becoming fodder for the cable political shows and talk radio .
For instance , in previews before President Barack Obama ’s speech on terrorism policies Thursday morning , MSNBC ’s Chris Matthews repeated the phrasing about detainees “ returning ” to terrorism .
The distinction is important especially given how the issue of Guantanamo has been framed by Vice President Dick Cheney and other right - wing political leaders , as necessary to hold detainees even if their potential danger to Americans is vague and unproven .
The argument seems to be that it is safer to hold six Muslims who are n’t a danger than to release one who might be .
The second paragraph of the May 21 Times story by Elisabeth Bumiller points out that “ the conclusion [ about the one in seven ] could strengthen the arguments of critics [ of Obama ’s plan to close Guantanamo ] who have warned against the transfer or release of any more detainees . ” ‘ Radioactive ’
The Times article also claims that the Pentagon report ’s release was delayed since its completion in December because it was considered “ politically radioactive under Mr. Obama , ” a claim that has further fueled the Right 's anger and has added to the report 's presumed credibility .
While the alleged cover - up is addressed high up in the article , you need to read almost to the end – the 17th paragraph – to learn how thin the Pentagon ’s case is about the freed detainees engaging in any violence .
“ Among the 74 former prisoners that the report says are again engaged in terrorism , 29 have been identified by name by the Pentagon , including 16 named for the first time in the report , ” the Times said .
“ The Pentagon has said that the remaining 45 could not be named because of national security and intelligence - gathering concerns . …
“ The Pentagon has provided no way of authenticating its 45 unnamed recidivists , and only a few of the 29 people identified by name can be independently verified as having engaged in terrorism since their release .
“ Many of the 29 are simply described as associating with terrorists or training with terrorists , with almost no other details provided . ”
Only five “ have engaged in verifiable terrorist activity or have threatened terrorist acts , ” the Times reported , including two who were identified as Said Ali al - Shihri , a leader of al - Qaeda ’s Yemeni branch , and Abdullah Ghulam Rasoul , an Afghan Taliban commander .
In other words , the Bush administration – as it was heading for the door – threw together a report that offered few details and made leaps of logic , including the assumption that the released detainees had actually been terrorists earlier .
That would beg the question why the Bush administration released them in the first place , a point not explained by the Times article .
But the assumption must be that the Bush administration had little or no evidence linking the detainees to verifiable terrorist activities before their release .
Aiding Recruitment
The Times story also makes no reference to the judgment of some U.S. military commanders that the image of Guantanamo has aided al - Qaeda ’s recruitment and cost American soldiers their lives .
As former Navy general counsel Alberto Mora told the Senate Armed Services Committee in June 2008 , “ there are serving U.S. flag - rank officers who maintain that the first and second identifiable causes of U.S. combat deaths in Iraq – as judged by their effectiveness in recruiting insurgent fighters into combat – are , respectively the symbols of Abu Ghraib and Guantanamo . ”
Nor does the Times article address the possibility that the released detainees turned to terrorism in reaction to their mistreatment at Guantanamo , that the prison may have served as its own recruitment center much the way regular prisons sometimes turn minor offenders into hardened criminals .
Despite the shortcomings of the Times article – and the Pentagon report – both were cited widely by Washington pundits , much as happened in 2002 when the Times fronted what turned out to be a false story about Iraq buying aluminum tubes for nuclear centrifuges .
The weaknesses in that case were buried deep inside the article , too , opening the door for Cheney and national security adviser Condoleezza Rice to cite the Times article as proof of an Iraqi nuclear bomb program and thus justification for invading Iraq .
The Bush administration ’s catch phrase became : “ We do n’t want the smoking gun to be a mushroom cloud . ”
Times executives also cooperated with President George W. Bush in withholding an article about his secret program of warrantless wiretaps targeting some Americans .
The article was ready before Election 2004 , but the Times spiked it at Bush ’s request and only published it in December 2005 because the author , James Risen , was set to release the information in a book the next month .
Now , the Times is feeding a new mini-hysteria on the danger of releasing Guantanamo detainees no matter how little evidence there is against them – if there is a possibility that one in seven might later join up with militants .
Robert Parry broke many of the Iran - Contra stories in the 1980s for the Associated Press and Newsweek .
His latest book , Neck Deep : The Disastrous Presidency of George W. Bush , was written with two of his sons , Sam and Nat , and can be ordered at neckdeepbook.com .
His two previous books , Secrecy & Privilege : The Rise of the Bush Dynasty from Watergate to Iraq and Lost History : Contras , Cocaine , the Press & ' Project Truth ' are also available there .
Or go to Amazon.com .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
The moment that avid Palm - watchers everywhere have been anticipating since January 8th is finally here .
The official Sprint press release has just arrived , revealing final Pre pricing and availability information .
Saturday , June 6th is the confirmed nationwide release date , so Palm and Sprint are definitely looking to steal some of Apple 's WWDC thunder .
The Palm Pre will cost $ 199.99 with a with a two - year service agreement and after a $ 100 mail - in rebate .
As we reported earlier Best Buy will definitely be on board for the Pre 's launch but not on a " trial " basis as previously rumored .
In addition to Best Buy , the Pre will be available in Sprint retail stores , Radio Shack and " select " Wal - Mart stores .
" The argument that you need one phone for work and another phone for play , or that you have to make compromises between business and lifestyle productivity , is over , " said Dan Hesse , president and CEO of Sprint .
" With Pre , compromises of the past are history . "
In addition , the Touchstone inductive charging dock availability and pricing situation is finally clarified .
The Touchstone kit , comprised of the dock and a battery door , will be available for $ 69.99 .
These components will also be available individually for $ 50 and $ 20 , respectively .
Touchstone availability will coincide with the availability of the Pre itself .
" The Palm Pre takes full advantage of Sprint 's Everything Data plans , " said Avi Greengart , research director for Consumer Devices at Current Analysis .
" The Pre has been expressly designed for multitasking among multiple web pages and applications .
It also builds on Palm 's heritage in PDAs by managing your digital information  whether that 's on a corporate server or on the web . "
" The Pre 's dynamic ' activity cards ' approach to handling and navigating multiple applications is a great advance , but the core breakthrough is the integration of information across multiple applications on and off the phone , " said Andy Castonguay , director of Mobile & Access Devices Research , Yankee Group .
" With social networking and messaging being so important to consumers , the device 's new  Palm Synergy ' functionality  which gives
Pre the ability to automatically pull friends ' contact details , messaging addresses and personal calendars from different applications online and on the phone  will greatly simplify people 's ability to communicate with their friends and colleagues the way they want . "
The Palm Pre phone will be available exclusively from Sprint on June 6 for $ 199.99 after a $ 100 mail - in rebate with a new two - year service agreement on an Everything Data plan or Business Essentials with Messaging and Data plan .
There is currently no word on pricing for customers who wish to purchase without a contract .
News today that the Air Force is investigating signal problems with its latest Global Positioning System satellite are likely to rekindle the flames of a congressional report last month that said the current GPS coverage may not be so ubiquitous in the future .
The Air Force stated that routine early orbit checkout procedures determined that the signals from the Lockheed - built GPS IIR - 2 ( M ) , which was launched in March , were inconsistent with the performance of other GPS IIR -M satellites .
Layer 8 Extra :
10 NASA space technologies that may never see the cosmos
Top 10 cool satellite projects
The Air Force said it has identified several parameters in the GPS IIR - 20 ( M ) 's navigation message that can be corrected to bring the satellite into compliance with current GPS Performance Standards .
Over the next several months the team will be testing impacts the corrective actions may have on military and civil GPS user equipment .
The test strategy implements engineering analysis , modeling and simulation , and testing of real - life GPS receiver equipment to the greatest extent possible to ensure that there will be no inadvertent impacts to GPS users , the Air Force stated .
A Wall Street Journal article on the problem said :
The Lockheed satellite is the first to include a new civilian frequency - known as L5 -- designed for , among other things , use by future nationwide air - traffic control systems .
But that signal , part of test package , apparently is interfering with other signals from the satellite and reducing their accuracy , according to industry and Air Force officials .
The degraded signals are accurate only to about 20 feet , versus about two feet for typical GPS signals , the article stated .
The article went on to say the glitch could complicate deployment of a new family of 12 Boeing GPS satellites currently being built that also feature the L5 signal .
According to a GAO report just last month , the Air Force has struggled to successfully build GPS satellites within cost and schedule goals ; it encountered significant technical problems that still threaten its delivery schedule ; and it struggled with a different contractor .
As a result , the current satellite program has overrun its original cost estimate by about $ 870 million and the launch of its first satellite has been delayed to November 2009 - almost 3 years late , the GAO said .
The GAO said the GPS system has had its share of technical difficulties as well .
For example , last year , during the first phase of a critical test to determine space - worthiness that subjects the satellite to space - like operating conditions , one transmitter used to send the navigation message to the users failed , the GAO stated .
The program suspended testing in August 2008 to allow time for the contractor to identify the causes of the problem and take corrective actions .
Delays in the launch of the new satellites will increase the risk that the GPS constellation will decrease in size to a level where it will not meet some users ' needs , the GAO said .
If the GPS constellation falls below the number of satellites required to provide the level of GPS service that the US has committed to providing , some military and civilian operations could be affected .
The defense department is evaluating alternative approaches that could mitigate the gap .
However , procurement of additional GPS satellites does not appear to be feasible , the GAO said .
Because there are currently 31 operational GPS satellites of various blocks , the near - term probability of maintaining a constellation of at least 24 operational satellites remains well above 95 % .
However , DOD predicts that over the next several years many of the older satellites in the constellation will reach the end of their operational life faster than they will be replaced , and that the constellation will , in all likelihood , decrease in size , the GAO stated .
In response to that report , the Air Force proclaimed the system healthy and stable .
" No , the GPS will not go down , " stated Col. Dave Buckman of the Air Force 's Space Command .
" GAO points out , there is potential risk associated with degradation in GPS performance . "
" The issue is under control .
We are working hard to get out the word .
The issue is not whether GPS will stop working .
There 's only a small risk we will not continue to exceed our performance standard , " he said .
Layer 8 in a box
Check out these other hot stories :
Can commercial space technology get off the ground ?
Feds bust $ 55 million international telephony hacking ring
50 M in hand , Feds go looking for bleeding edge data center technology
Saving
Unix one kernel at a time
The Borg lives : BBN gets $ 30 M for artificial intelligence wizard
Court says government background security checks go too far
FTC shuts down notorious Internet Service Provider
Sears gets wrist slap over spyware activities
Cirque du Soleil founder set to blast into space
US shells out $ 10 M for unmanned aircraft that can perch like a bird
Inside the Top 10 hot aerospace technologies
CIA wants more foreign language skills in a big way
Many of you may find this hard to believe , but removing the Call of Duty from Modern Warfare 2 ’s title — it ’s confusing some people , 20 % percent of potential buyers to be exact .
In fact , according to a survey conducted by GamePlan Insights — a game tracking service offered by OTX — and reported by Gamasutra , 50 % fewer people knew about the game .
“ In other words , the Call of Duty brand association essentially doubles the awareness for the game , ” GamePlan head Nick Williams told the site .
“ That is quite a remarkable statistic . ”
Williams went on to state his revalatory belief that the massive marketing push Activision has lined up for the game ( on the scale of “ biggest entertainment launch of all time ” ) should quash any consumer confusion .
But still i pretty confident that a few souls will be very confuse when the game finally launches .
[ Via Joystiq ]
Statue of Liberty ?
Striking , but a bit demure .
Trenchcoat - clad Stalin statue in Gori , Georgia ?
Iconic , but disheartening .
Giant RX - 78 - 2 Gundam statue at Shiokaze Park in Tokyo , Japan ?
Unquestionably badass .
The massive biped is currently under construction , part of a celebration for the 30 year anniversary of the original Mobile Suit Gundam series .
When completed it will be full - scale , standing 59 - feet tall , weighing 35 tons , and even shooting " light or mist " from 50 different points along its structure .
All systems should be fully operational by July 11 -- hopefully soon enough to stop the forthcoming Zeon armada .
[ Via technabob
Sales at the nine Washington - area stores , for example , increased this spring by 5 percent , partly as a result of the organization ’s effort to recast itself as a source of vintage and high - end fashions for young professional women .
Last year , the Washington chapter hired Em Hall , a Web marketing specialist , to blog about stylish merchandise in its stores .
It also uploaded a video of its annual fashion show to fashionofgoodwill.com , its Web site .
“ We thought we could learn from Victoria ’s Secret , which was doing virtual fashion shows online , ” Mr. Hurley said .
Image CHANGES ABOUT A Goodwill fashion show in Washington .
Credit ...
Roger Chin
Across the country , Goodwill is competing for shoppers with a keener eye and sometimes deeper pockets .
A few stores are adjusting prices accordingly .
The many who think of the brand as a graveyard for no -name castoffs would be surprised  or dismayed  to find a Prada bag marked at $ 200 and climbing at auction on a Goodwill Web site , or a Pucci shirt for $ 800 .
This is not to say the group has abandoned its low - income customers .
Clothing prices typically range from about $ 7 to $ 20 .
Selective price hikes , however , support the nonprofit ’s core mission : Goodwill says that about 84 percent of its revenues go into job training for the disabled and other programs .
Mr. Hernandez said he is seeking “ more brand - aware managers ” equipped to recognize ( and , to some degree , exploit ) the market value of luxury labels .
“ In the past we have been a little taken aback to find out the original store value of a Chanel jacket that we might carry , ” he said .
“ Now we set prices in a way that the market will determine , ” at roughly 10 to 15 percent of the original cost .
Goodwill of Akron , Ohio , published an annual report formatted in the style of a fashion magazine .
Retique , a free - standing Goodwill boutique in Milwaukee , sent a direct mailing to customers in the trendy Third Ward district .
“ They are shoppers with more disposable income , ” explained Vicki Holschuh , a vice president at Goodwill of Southern Wisconsin .
“ They typically would not have been in our stores before . ”
The Milwaukee boutique displays its most covetable wares on mannequins .
“ We ’re seeing a lot of people stretching their dollar specifically for name brands and fashion forward items , ” said Cheryl Lightholder , a spokeswoman for Goodwill of Southern Wisconsin .
“ We set up the boutique to highlight those . ”
ON A patch of land between the American River and a bike path on one side and the pylons of a power company on the other , about a half - hour 's walk from California 's state capitol in Sacramento , men in orange suits have been clearing out the tarps , tents , mattresses , used needles and the other leavings of some 150 homeless people .
On April 16th the Golden State 's most notorious tent city was at last closed , and its inhabitants moved to rather more salubrious shelters .
The camp shot to national and international fame earlier in the year , when a camera team from the Oprah Winfrey Show arrived .
A television audience with a grisly eagerness for depression stories was meant to conclude that California 's middle class , being foreclosed upon en masse , was now living in shantytowns .
It was Great Depression 2.0 , with new “ Hoovervilles ” — the name given by 1930s Democrats to the shantytowns that sprang up on the Republican President Herbert Hoover 's watch — apparently back in evidence .
Many other press teams , American and foreign alike , arrived to record their sequels to Steinbeck 's “ The Grapes of Wrath ” .
Kevin Johnson , a former basketball star and now Sacramento's first black mayor , found himself on CNN speaking to national audiences , secure in the knowledge that he could not be blamed : in Sacramento , it is the city manager , not the mayor , who wields the main administrative power .
Even the governor , Arnold Schwarzenegger himself , dropped in for a surprise walk - through .
After all this attention , action became inevitable .
The funny thing , though , is that the tent city had actually been around for close to a decade .
There may have been a foreclosed homeowner or two among its denizens , but Justin Wandro , the office manager at nearby Loaves and Fishes , a food bank where the homeless can eat and shower , says that almost all of the people there have problems with mental health , drug abuse or both .
Sacramento has about 1,400 homeless people in shelters , and another 1,200 or so on the streets , he says .
For some reason , America notices only when they 're on Oprah , or from the middle class .
News in Hollywood travels fast !
I am happy to confirm that it is indeed true , Sony Computer Entertainment has signed a deal with Columbia Pictures for a movie adaptation of Uncharted : Drake ’s Fortune and it will be produced by Avi Arad , Charles Roven , Ari Arad and Alex Gartner .
We have been working with Avi and the folks and Columbia for quite some time and look forward to sharing additional details on the film in the short future .
Obviously we designed the game to be a cinematic experience and we too ca n’t wait to see it on the big screen .
So , who do you think should play Nathan Drake ?
By Jonathan Amos
Science reporter , BBC News
Europe 's innovative Goce satellite has switched on the super - sensitive instrument that will make ultra- fine measurements of Earth 's gravity .
The sophisticated gradiometer will feel the subtle variations in Earth 's tug as it sweeps around the globe .
The spacecraft has also fired up the British - built engine that will help maintain its orbit .
Goce needs tiny but continuous levels of thrust to keep it stable and prevent it from falling out of the sky .
European Space Agency ( Esa ) mission manager Rune Floberghagen said all systems on the spacecraft had now been activated following the launch from Russia last month .
Goce is being overseen from Esa 's " mission control " in Germany " The big news today is that the gradiometer is fully working ; all its accelerometers have survived the launch and they are producing meaningful data , " he told BBC News .
" Now we must learn to drive our super - satellite . "
To acquire its data , Goce carries a set of six state - of - the - art high - sensitivity accelerometers .
These have been arranged in pairs and sit across the three axes of the spacecraft .
As Goce " bumps " through Earth 's gravity field , the accelerometers will sense fantastically small disturbances - as small as one part in 10,000,000,000,000 of the gravity experienced at the Earth 's surface .
This exquisite measurement capability meant some very fragile mechanisms had to be built into the gradiometer , and developing these delicate technologies so they could also survive the intense shaking experienced at launch proved to be one of the major design challenges of the mission .
Monday 's switch - on will be seen as vindication of the extraordinary engineering work on the gradiometer and its accelerometers , led by the Thales Alenia Space and Onera companies ( France ) .
Gravity data can tell scientists about the nature of the Earth 's interior " This was a pivotal moment in the mission , for sure , " said Dr Floberghagen .
" What 's very important in this first phase is that we see some consistency between the measurements from the six sensors onboard ; and we do see that , which is all very exciting .
But still , we need to characterise each one of these very precise sensors , and that process is not over . "
The other major milestone in the commissioning of Goce has been the successful start - up of its electric propulsion system .
Built by UK technology firm Qinetiq , the T5 ion engine is a critical part of the mission .
The satellite flies so low in order to get a good gravity signal that it actually brushes through the top of the atmosphere .
Without the constant force applied from the T5 unit , the drag on Goce would rapidly pull it out of orbit .
But the engine 's presence is also integral to the acquisition of the gravity data itself .
The buffeting from air molecules would ordinarily upset Goce 's gradiometer instrument , so the British engine is designed to throttle up and down to counteract this disturbance and leave a clean signal .
ELECTRIC PROPULSION ON GOCE Satellite carries two engines ; one is back - up in case of failure T5 unit draws power from solar panels on side of spacecraft Electrons are stripped off xenon atoms to give them charge
An electric field then hurls the xenon ions through rear nozzle Xenon exits at speeds in excess of 40,000 m / s to provide thrust Amount of thrust is moderated by gradiometer information
' Cruise control ' for spacecraft Gravity satellite leads new wave
The levels and range of thrust needed , however , are tiny - a continuously variable force of anywhere between one and 20 millinewtons during the science phase of the mission .
This is similar to the force a postcard will exert when laid down on a surface .
Put another way , you would need to strap together 650 million Goce spacecraft to achieve the same amount of thrust as Europe 's mighty Ariane rocket at launch .
Commissioning last week saw both T5 " chains " ( there are two engines ; one is a back - up ) perform precisely to specification .
The levels of thrust delivered were shown to be within 10 micronewtons of what was being demanded at any one time .
The drive is also very straight , with the spacecraft deviating offline by only 0.6 of a degree .
" You work on these things for so many years that you should be cold and confident that it will all work , but there 's always a risk that it won't , " Neil Wallace , who leads the Qinetiq electric propulsion team , told BBC News .
" One of the tests we did was to demand a thrust ramp , from one to 20 millinewtons , as quickly as possible .
This is one of the most critical requirements and the most difficult to achieve , and both chains did it perfectly . "
The T5 was then switched off to allow controllers to concentrate on the gradiometer 's behaviour .
" The other reason was to let the spacecraft 's orbit decay .
All the time we are thrusting , Goce is going up .
We did one orbit at 8.3 mN and we went up by 150m . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Goce was placed initially by its Rockot launcher in an orbit some 283 km above the Earth .
Spacecraft operators are allowing it to fall by between 150 m to 200 m a day .
It is now just above 275 km and will continue to drop to its target science altitude of 263 km .
By then , the satellite will have been put in a " closed loop " mode whereby the gradiometer and the engine will be working in tandem to fly a stable path and gather the gravity data .
Scientists will use
Goce to help them construct high - resolution maps of the geoid , which , simply put , is a specialised map that traces " the level " on Earth .
Geoid information has many applications but perhaps the biggest knowledge gains will come in the study of ocean behaviour .
Understanding better how gravity pulls water - and therefore heat - around the globe will improve computer models that try to forecast climate change .
GRAVITY FIELD AND STEADY - STATE OCEAN CIRCULATION EXPLORER
1 .
Goce senses tiny variations in the pull of gravity over Earth 2 .
The data is used to construct an idealised surface , or geoid 3 .
It traces gravity of equal ' potential ' ; balls wo n't roll on its ' slopes ' 4 .
It is the shape the oceans would take without winds and currents 5 .
So , comparing sea level and geoid data reveals ocean behaviour 6 .
Gravity changes can betray magma movements under volcanoes 7 .
A precise geoid underpins a universal height system for the world 8 .
Gravity data can also reveal how much mass is lost by ice sheets
Jonathan .
Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
NAVIFY Tumor Board
Roche and GE Healthcare accelerate the delivery of patient - centric care with this multidisciplinary team workflow developed collaboratively * to streamline meeting preparation and presentation , integrate data from disparate sources into a single dashboard and support optimal treatment decisions .
* Only available in the US .
How to Backup MySQL Database Open phpMyAdmin from your web hosting control panel like cPanel .
Select the database from the sidebar navigation panel of phpMyAdmin .
Click the Export link from the top navigation bar .
Choose Custom option in the Export page .
Select the tables that you want to backup .
Choose gzipped option for Compression and keep the rest as is .
Click the Go button and then your backup file will automatically be downloaded .
MySQL is one of the most popular open source database management system for the development of interactive Websites .
If your site stores its sensitive data in a MySQL database , you will most definitely want to backup that information so that it can be restored in case of any disaster ( we all have been there ) .
There are several ways to backup MySQL data .
In this article we ’ll look at how to backup your databases using different methods , we will also learn how to achieve an automatic backup solution to make the process easier .
Starting with the mysqldump utility that comes with MySQL , we will review several examples using mysqldump , including the backup of your database to a file , another server , and even a compressed gzip file and send it to your email .
1. Automatically backup MySQL database to Amazon S3
Many of users use Amazon S3 to backup their mysql databases .
Here is an automated script which does this task of taking the backup of a mysql database and then moving it to the Amazon S3 .
Automatically backup mysql database to Amazon S3
2. Automatically backup MySQL Database on Linux
15 2 * * * root mysqldump -u root - pPASSWORD -- all - databases | gzip >
/mnt/disk2/database_`data '
%m-%d-%Y'`.sql.gz
This post will show you how to backup MySQL Database automatically if you are a linux user .
You can use cron to backup your MySQL database automatically . ” cron ” is a time - based scheduling utility in Unix / Linux
operating system .
How to Backup MySQL Database automatically ( for Linux users )
3. Automatically backup MySQL Database with AutoMySQLBackup
AutoMySQLBackup has some great features to : backup a single database , multiple databases , or all the databases on the server ; each database is saved in a separate file that can be compressed ( with gzip or bzip2 ) ; it will rotate the backups and not keep them filling your hard drive ( as normal in the daily backup you will have only the last 7 days of backups , the weekly if enabled will have one for each week , etc. ) .
Backup your MySQL databases automatically with AutoMySQLBackup
4. Back Up with MySQLDump
mysqldump --- user [ user name ] ---password=[ password ] [ database name ] > [ dump file ]
In this article we ’ll look at how to backup our databases using the mysqldump utility that comes with MySQL .
Several examples will be reviewed using mysqldump , including the backup of your database to a file ,
another server , and even a compressed gzip file .
Backing Up With MySQLDump
5. Backup into an XML File Using PHP
XML is n’t the easiest format to restore a table but it can be easier to read .
Backup Your Database into an XML File Using PHP
6. Use PHP to backup
Execute a database backup query from PHP file .
Below is an example of using SELECT INTO OUTFILE query for creating table backup :
<?php include ' config.php ' ; include ' opendb.php ' ; $ tableName = ' mypet ' ; $ backupFile = ' backup/mypet.sql ' ; $ query = " SELECT * INTO OUTFILE '$ backupFile ' FROM $ tableName " ; $ result = mysql_query ( $ query ) ; include ' closedb.php ' ; ?>
To restore the backup you just need to run LOAD DATA INFILE query like this :
<?php include ' config.php ' ; include ' opendb.php ' ; $ tableName = ' mypet ' ; $ backupFile = ' mypet.sql ' ; $ query = " LOAD DATA INFILE ' backupFile ' INTO TABLE $ tableName " ; $ result = mysql_query ( $ query ) ; include ' closedb.php ' ; ?>
How to – Using PHP To Backup MySQL Database
7. Backup via SSH
A simple solution to backup your large MySQL databases through SSH .
You will need to enable shell access inside your Plesk control panel and use a utility such as PuTTY to log into your server via SSH .
Backup MySQL Database Via SSH
8. Backup with Ubuntu Linux Backup MySQL Server Shell Script
If you have a dedicated VPS server running Ubuntu Linux .
Here is how to backup all your mysql server databases to your ftp server
Ubuntu Linux Backup MySQL server Shell Script
9 . Backup MySQL database and web server files to an FTP server automatically
This is a simple backup solution for people who run their own web server and MySQL server on a dedicated box or VPS .
The main advantage of using FTP or NAS backup is a protection from data loss .
First you will need to backup each database with mysqldump command , Automating tasks of backup with tar , Setup a cron job and generate FTP backup script .
$ mysqldump -u root -h localhost - pmypassword faqs | gzip - 9 > faqs- db.sql.gz
How to backup MySQL databases , web server files to a FTP server automatically
10 . Backup MySQL Database with phpMyAdmin
You can easily create a dump file ( export / backup ) of a database used by your account .
In order to do so you should access the phpMyAdmin tool available in your cPanel .
1. Open phpMyAdmin from your web hosting control panel like cPanel .
2. Select the database from the sidebar navigation panel of phpMyAdmin .
3. Click the Export link from the top navigation bar .
4. Choose Custom option in the Export page .
In the Export page , there will be two options ; Quick and Custom .
Let ’s choose the Custom option .
5 . Select the tables that you want to backup .
When you select Custom option , the page will allow us to select tables that we want to take backups .
If you are not sure what to select , keep it as it ; all tables are selected by default .
6 . Choose gzipped option for Compression and keep the rest as is .
Next step is compression .
In the center of the page , you will see the compression option that will gain us lots of time .
Choose the gzipped option and keep the rest as is .
7. Click the Go button and then your backup file will automatically be downloaded .
We are ready to get our compressed database backup .
Just click to the Go button and then your backup file will automatically be downloaded .
The file name will be NameOfYourDB.sql.gz file .
Depending on your database size , this procedure may take some time .
MySQL Export : How to backup your MySQL database ?
Are you using someone else ’s backup solution for your MySQL data ?
Do you care a lot about your data ?
Are you sure you ’re getting a reliable , recoverable backup that ’ll work for your business and your application , and wo n’t impact your critical processes while it runs ?
Here are ten questions you need to be able to answer .
10 things you need to know about backup solutions for MySQL
Published online 16 June 2009 | 459 , 894-895 ( 2009 ) | doi:10.1038/459894a
News
Two - pronged negotiations fail to bridge divide between nations .
US climate envoy Todd Stern ( left ) in talks with China ’s vice - premier Li Keqiang .
RAO AIMIN / Xinhua / Landov
International climate negotiators muddled through the latest round of global - warming talks in Bonn , Germany , last week , overshadowed by independent bilateral negotiations in Beijing between the United States and China .
Neither meeting produced any significant breakthroughs , and new disagreements seem to have outnumbered resolutions by a wide margin .
At the United Nations climate talks that ended on 12 June in Bonn , delegates proposed so many new provisions and wording changes that the negotiation text ballooned fourfold to more than 200 pages — standard procedure for such negotiations , but one that flags up how much work remains to be done .
" We 're at the point where we desperately need some higher - level leadership to get this process going , " says Keya Chatterjee , deputy director for climate change at the WWF environmental group in Washington DC .
Many observers placed their hopes instead on the talks in China , which played host during 7 –10 June to a US delegation led by Todd Stern , the nation 's lead climate negotiator , and John Holdren , President Barack Obama 's chief science adviser .
The two countries together produce some 40 % of global greenhouse - gas emissions , and there is little chance of achieving an inter­national agreement in Copenhagen , where the UN talks are scheduled to conclude in December , unless the United States and China come to an understanding .
Nonetheless , expectations going into the Beijing meeting were low .
“ We ’re at the point where we desperately need some higher - level leadership to get this process going . ”
China released a position statement on 20 May calling on developed nations to reduce emissions to at least 40 % below 1990 levels by 2020 .
The leading US climate legislation — a bill that could come up for a vote as early as this month in the House of Representatives — would establish an emissions - trading system to reduce US emissions to 1 % below 1990 levels by 2020 .
Other provisions in the bill would go further , but even the most optimistic assessment , by the World Resources Institute , pegs potential reductions at only 17 – 23 % below 1990 levels .
" We certainly did not agree with each other on everything , " said Stern after returning to Washington , " but I think that we each came away with a better and a clearer understanding of each other 's views and perspectives . "
With just six months to go to Copenhagen and little convergence on any of the big issues , the question is whether countries are positioning themselves in expectation of striking a bargain there or merely digging trenches for a prolonged debate .
Robert Stavins , an environmental economist at Harvard University , says he fears the latter might be true .
" The gulf between the countries of the industrialized world and what is usually referred to as the developing world , " he says , " is , if anything , growing , or at least solidifying . "
The largest pledged emissions cut on the table is of 30 % from 1990 levels by 2020 ; that is what the European Union ( EU ) says it will do if others commit to similar cuts .
If they do n't , the EU offers only 20 % .
And things drop off quickly from there : Japan came under fire last week for proposing a plan to reduce domestic emissions by about 8 % below 1990 levels .
Such numbers would seem to indicate a substantial divide among industrialized countries , but the gap largely disappears if the commitments are measured against a 2005 baseline .
ADVERTISEMENT
Using this baseline , Japan 's proposal is a 15 % reduction by 2020 ; Europe's , 9 –13 % ; and the United States ' , up to 10 % , according to an analysis by Nigel Purvis , a former US negotiator and current president of the Climate Advisers consultancy in Washington DC .
If programmes to reduce emissions internationally are included , US emissions could decrease up to 28 % , with Japan 's also likely to drop further .
Next up are climate discussions at the G8 meeting in July in L'Aquila , Italy , to be accompanied by a leadership session of the US - sponsored Major Economies Forum .
Photo gallery of " Fighting Irishmen " launch in Northern Ireland : Click here
The Irish Arts Center of New York City has brought their hugely successful “ Fighting Irishmen ” exhibition overseas for the first time to Northern Ireland .
Some of the biggest names in Irish boxing , including Barry McGuigan , Paul McCloskey and Charlie Nash , attended the launch of “ Fighting Irishmen : A Celebration of the Celtic Warrior ” on May 28 at the Ulster American Folk Park in Omagh , County Tyrone .
“ Fighting Irishmen , ” presented by the Irish Arts Center , Honorary Chair and long time supporter of the Center Liam Neeson and guest curator James Houlihan , was previously a mainstay in New York and Boston for three years .
This is the first time the internationally acclaimed exhibition has gone on display outside the U.S .
Irish boxing legend Barry McGuigan officially launched the exhibition in the award - winning County Tyrone museum .
It features photographs and memorabilia charting the unique stories of Celtic Prizefighters from 1820 to the present day , including pieces from boxing greats such as John L. Sullivan , Jack Dempsey and John Duddy , as well as personal items from Liam Neeson ’s amateur boxing career .
Perhaps the most unique item on display is the late , great Irish fighter Dan Donnelly ’s mummified right arm .
Speaking at the exhibition ’s Northern Ireland launch , Barry McGuigan said : “ Love of boxing runs deep in Ireland ’s veins and that passion for the sport travelled unabated to America with emigration .
The exhibition is fantastic and clearly highlights boxing ’s rich history from 1820 onwards .
I ’m thrilled to be part of the exhibition and think it is highly appropriate to have it displayed at the Ulster American Folk Park . "
“ Fighting Irishmen ” has achieved great success since its opening at the Irish Arts Center in New York in the fall of 2006 .
The exhibition was also featured at the South Street Seaport Museum in New York as their main attraction in 2007 , and was most recently presented at the John J. Burns library at Boston College in Boston , Massachusetts .
The exhibition , which has been adapted for display at the Ulster American Folk Park , was also the subject of a feature documentary by the BBC .
“ Fighting Irishmen : Celebrating Celtic Prizefighters 1820 – Present ” was developed by the Irish Arts Center in New York City under the direction of guest curator James J. Houlihan and is set to run at the Omagh museum until the November 29 .
For further information on the exhibition , visit www.nmni.com, or www.irishartscenter.org/fightingirish.htm
Wolfram|Alpha General Terms of Use
Wolfram|Alpha Pro Terms of Use »
The Wolfram|Alpha website ( our “ service ” ) gives you free access to broad computational resources , including powerful servers running complex algorithms at your request , large volumes of reliable and carefully curated data , and an innovative computation and delivery mechanism that provides you with expertly designed presentations and visualizations .
We are continually working to improve and expand Wolfram| Alpha , creating new algorithms for computation , linguistic analysis , data comprehension , and computational aesthetics to provide you with smart and attractive results .
Much of the data is dynamically updated or subjected to periodic manual curation in an effort to provide you with the most current and most reliable data available .
Our goal is to provide the broadest possible free public access to our advanced computation and rich sources of data .
To protect our servers , algorithms , and data collections from abuse or exploitation by a small number of users , and because some of the data we make available comes from third parties that impose conditions on its distribution , we need you to agree to , and abide by , the Terms of Use defined below .
These terms are a contract you have to agree to before using the Wolfram| Alpha service .
If you are under age 18 you may use Wolfram| Alpha only if you have permission from a parent , legal guardian , or teacher .
By using the service , you are telling us either that you are over the age of 18 and legally able to form contracts or that an adult with authority to act on your behalf has agreed to these terms and to be responsible for ensuring your compliance with them in your use of the service and any results you obtain from it .
If you do n’t want to be bound by these terms , do not use the service or its results .
However , you may want to consider one of our paid subscription options , which offer modified terms of use that may be more desirable to you .
Please contact us for more information about the subscription options available .
Our intention is to make Wolfram| Alpha available to everyone indefinitely .
To achieve this , we reserve the right to cut off use by those who abuse the service , or to limit access in any other way for any reason .
We are counting on the users of Wolfram| Alpha to embrace our goals and to support them by adhering to these terms .
Methods of Access The Wolfram|Alpha service may be used only by a human being using a conventional web browser to manually enter queries one at a time .
Because Wolfram|Alpha is doing computation , not just lookup , each query may require significant CPU time on multiple parallel servers .
Any attempt to use a robot , script , or organized group of humans to repeatedly access Wolfram| Alpha could place an unacceptable load on the system , and is strictly forbidden .
If our monitoring systems detect an attempt to access the service in a forbidden way , to execute systematic patterns of queries , to index the website , or to do anything else that we feel jeopardizes the integrity of our system or access to it by other users , we may terminate or suspend access to the service for specific users or IP ranges .
Ways You May Use Our Free Service and Its Results
The free Wolfram| Alpha service is available for ad hoc , personal , non-commercial use only .
For such use you are welcome to download results , print copies , store downloaded content on your computer , and reference this information in your documents .
You may use it to get information for your own use for any purpose , including occasional purposes related to your job , as long as you are n’t specifically being paid to use Wolfram| Alpha .
Systematic professional or commercial use of the website , or use for which you are being specifically paid , requires a commercial license .
If you are interested in a version of Wolfram| Alpha that allows such use , please contact us .
It is permitted to use and post individual , incidental results or small groups of results from Wolfram| Alpha on non-commercial websites and blogs , provided those results are properly credited to Wolfram| Alpha ( see Attribution and Licensing below ) .
It is not permitted to extract multiple pieces of data and reassemble them into anything with the characteristics of a data service , database , or source of large and systematic collections of data .
You are not allowed to use Wolfram| Alpha to create something that is likely or intended to be reused as a data source for further processing , or that in some other way serves as a replacement or alternative to using Wolfram| Alpha itself .
This applies whether what you create is in electronic or print form .
It is not permitted to use Wolfram| Alpha indirectly through any user interface that has created a large number of deep links to Wolfram| Alpha , or that automatically constructs links based on input that you give to that interface rather than through Wolfram| Alpha .
You may not in effect use Wolfram| Alpha through any alternate user interface .
Finally , it ’s also not permitted to use frames , browser technologies , or any user interface to embed or surround the Wolfram| Alpha website with your own material without permission from Wolfram| Alpha .
If you are interested in using Wolfram| Alpha in an embedded way , please contact us .
Attribution and Licensing As Wolfram|Alpha is an authoritative source of information , maintaining the integrity of its data and the computations we do with that data is vital to the success of our project .
We generate information ourselves , and we also gather , compare , contrast , and confirm data from multiple external sources .
Where we have used external sources of data we list the source or sources we relied on , but in most cases the assemblages of data you get from Wolfram| Alpha do not come directly from any one external source .
In many cases the data you are shown never existed before in exactly that way until you asked for it , so its provenance traces back both to underlying data sources and to the algorithms and knowledge built into the Wolfram| Alpha computational system .
As such , the results you get from Wolfram| Alpha are correctly attributed to Wolfram| Alpha itself .
If you make results from Wolfram| Alpha available to anyone else , or incorporate those results into your own documents or presentations , you must include attribution indicating that the results and / or the presentation of the results came from Wolfram| Alpha .
Some Wolfram|Alpha results include copyright statements or attributions linking the results to us or to third - party data providers , and you may not remove or obscure those attributions or copyright statements .
Whenever possible , such attribution should take the form of a link to Wolfram| Alpha , either to the front page of the website or , better yet , to the specific query that generated the results you used .
( This is also the most useful form of attribution for your readers , and they will appreciate your use of links whenever possible . )
See standard citation elements for Wolfram| Alpha for specific elements and an example ▼ Standard citation elements for a Wolfram| Alpha page : Author / Site : Wolfram| Alpha
Publisher : Wolfram Alpha LLC
URL : ( The exact URL for your query string )
Retrieval Date : ( The date you performed your query ) A sample citation would be :
Wolfram Alpha LLC .
2009 .
Wolfram|Alpha .
http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2%2B2 ( access July 10 , 2009 ) .
Failure to properly attribute results from Wolfram| Alpha is not only a violation of these terms , but may also constitute academic plagiarism or a violation of copyright law .
Attribution is something we expect you to give us in exchange for us having provided you with a high - quality free service .
The specific images , such as plots , typeset formulas , and tables , as well as the general page layouts , are all copyrighted by Wolfram| Alpha at the time Wolfram| Alpha generates them .
A great deal of scholarship and innovation is included in the results generated and displayed by Wolfram| Alpha , including the presentations , collections , and juxtapositions of data , and the choices involved in formulating and composing mathematical results ; these are also protected by copyright .
You may use any results , including copyrighted results , from Wolfram| Alpha for personal use and in academic or non-commercial publications , provided you comply with these terms .
If you want to use copyrighted results returned by Wolfram| Alpha in a commercial or for - profit publication , we will usually be happy to grant you a low - or no -cost license to do so .
To request a commercial - use license , use this form and provide the input for which you want to use the corresponding output along with information concerning the nature of your proposed use .
Your request will be reviewed and answered as quickly as is practical .
Images in Wolfram|Alpha :
While many images in Wolfram|Alpha are in the Public Domain , certain images , including various icons and logos , are presented in Wolfram| Alpha in low resolution ( thumbnail size ) and are displayed under Fair Use and solely for representative purposes .
As such , these images may retain the copyright or trademark rights of their respective owners or developers and may not be copied or republished .
Linking to Wolfram|Alpha
We are happy for you to link to the Wolfram| Alpha website , including deep links to specific results .
However , if you are constructing a very large number of deep links , or any deep links that are created automatically in response to user input given on your site , you must take into account the restrictions enumerated in the section " Ways You May Use Our Free Service and Its Results . "
If you construct a website that induces others to use our service contrary to those terms , you are inducing them to violate our Terms of Use , and can be liable for those violations .
Input Ownership and Privacy
By putting input into Wolfram|Alpha in the form of a query , you are not relinquishing any of your ownership or rights to the content .
By providing it to us in query form , you agree that we can store it in log files , and use it to generate the results given back to you .
We may also use stored inputs to evaluate performance of the website or study usage patterns , for example examining inputs that seem to create problems for the system , or testing new versions of the system against logs of previous inputs .
We will not attempt to associate individual Wolfram| Alpha inputs with individual human users , and will not release individual or aggregated lists of inputs , or any personally identifiable information , to any third party , except in response to lawful court orders .
We will not attempt to assert intellectual property rights over anything given as input to Wolfram| Alpha simply on the basis of its having been given to us as input .
For more details , see our Privacy Policy .
We do not collect or solicit personal information from users of the free Wolfram| Alpha service .
Data Mining and Reverse Engineering
The Wolfram|Alpha service uses large collections of data aggregated from many sources , and sophisticated computational and natural language processing algorithms .
You may not use multiple queries or specially constructed queries in an attempt to extract large datasets , to reverse engineer the algorithms used by Wolfram| Alpha , or to probe for vulnerabilities .
Spidering , data - mining , scraping , or probing Wolfram| Alpha , or otherwise attempting to abuse the service , is not only a violation of these terms but may also constitute violation of federal and state laws concerning unauthorized access to computer systems .
You are forbidden to violate or attempt to violate the security of the website .
If you find a way to crash the website or otherwise get it to misbehave , or you identify a vulnerability , flaw , or bug , please use the feedback form on any Wolfram| Alpha page , or click here , to report the problem .
As there will no doubt always be ways to cause trouble for the site , we ask for your cooperation in ensuring that it remains available for use by everyone .
The material from the Wolfram| Alpha service is intended to be used by a human being in the form in which it is delivered .
You are not allowed to systematically extract data from the results returned by Wolfram| Alpha and build them into a new raw data table or source , except on an ad hoc basis for personal use .
See " Ways You May Use Our Free Service and Its Results " above for further details .
Professional Disclaimers and Disclaimer of Warranty Wolfram|Alpha provides a rich and wide range of computations and data in many subject areas , and extensive efforts are made to keep its contents accurate and up to date .
It is not , however , a certified or definitive source of information that can be relied on for legal , financial , medical , life - safety , or any other critical purposes .
Common sense , and these Terms of Use , require that you independently verify the accuracy , completeness , and relevance of any information you get from Wolfram| Alpha before relying on it for any purpose in which things of value are at stake .
We specifically disclaim all forms of liability for all results from Wolfram| Alpha .
In some fields definitive information can legally be provided only by certified and paid professionals .
Examples include , among others , medical , legal , or financial advice , measures used in commerce , engineering calculations , and surveying or navigation data .
These fields make use of many kinds of information and calculations , many of which are also available in Wolfram| Alpha .
The availability of this kind of information in Wolfram| Alpha does not imply that Wolfram| Alpha purports to provide any official or certified information , or professional services of any kind .
Wolfram|Alpha is not a substitute for information or guidance provided by any licensed professional in any field , and if you need advice of this nature you should consult a professional who is licensed or knowledgeable in the appropriate area .
Although Wolfram|Alpha does not deliver in its results any user - supplied raw code executable in a browser or other execution environment , we cannot guarantee that a suitably constructed input could not cause the website to generate results pages that cause unintended or harmful operations on the client system .
Wolfram| Alpha specifically disclaims any responsibility for harm to your system caused by use of the website .
The information provided by Wolfram| Alpha is provided “ as is ” , and for information purposes only .
This means that Wolfram| Alpha does not offer any warranty whatsoever with regard to this service , its content , or any content or services accessible from the website .
You agree that you are using the service at your own risk .
In no event shall Wolfram| Alpha or its directors , officers , shareholders , subsidiaries , affiliates , agents , or licensors be liable for any damages arising out of or related to the use , inability to use , performance , or nonperformance of this service .
Some states or other jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for incidental or consequential damages , so the above limitations and exclusions may not apply to you .
You agree to indemnify and hold Wolfram| Alpha and its directors , officers , shareholders , subsidiaries , affiliates , agents , and licensors harmless from and against all losses , expenses , damages , and costs , including attorneys ’ fees , resulting from your violation of these Terms of Use , including , without limitation , any use of this website other than as expressly authorized by these Terms of Use .
Reporting Incorrect or Infringing Material
If you find something in Wolfram| Alpha that you feel is incorrect , we encourage you to report it ; we take great pride in making the information we provide as accurate as possible .
Click here to report errors , or use the feedback form provided on each Wolfram| Alpha page .
If you find something in Wolfram| Alpha that you believe to be a violation of a copyright or other right that you personally hold , we want to know so we can correct the problem .
Please use the feedback form at the bottom of that material ’s page to tell us where the material is , and why you think it is infringing .
Interpretation of Terms and Changes Wolfram Alpha LLC is based in the State of Illinois , in the United States of America , and these Terms of Use are to be interpreted under and governed by the laws of the State of Illinois .
If any provision of the Terms of Use is held to be invalid or unenforceable , such provision shall be deemed superseded by a valid enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision , and the remaining provisions shall continue in full force and effect .
In any event , such an invalid or unenforceable provision shall have no effect on the validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions .
We may choose to correct or amend these Terms of Use at any time .
When a change is made , it will be noted on the front page of Wolfram| Alpha for a period of at least one week after the change .
If you are concerned about tracking changes to these Terms of Use and have not visited the website for a week , it is your responsibility to check the terms again .
Trademarks
Because the Wolfram family of companies markets a vast and growing array of products , a list of our trademarks and registered trademarks would be cumbersome to list .
Some trademarks associated with this website and service are Wolfram Alpha® , Wolfram|Alpha® , Wolfram® , Alpha™ , Computational Knowledge Engine™ , Spikey ® , Wolfram Mathematica® , Mathematica® .
This list comprises only the most relevant of our United States and international marks and is not all - inclusive .
Failure of a mark to appear on this page does not mean that the Wolfram companies do not use the mark , nor does it mean that the product is not actively marketed or is not significant within its relevant market .
Data Retention Wolfram takes privacy and data protection seriously , and is committed to safeguarding data you share with us .
To learn more , please see our Privacy Policy .
Miss Hooters International , Hooters Swimsuit Pageant , Hooters girls , Raechel Holtgrave photos , video
On Location Home / The Opposite Sex / Bullz - Eye Home
The heat index was 110 degrees in the shade .
Doctors recommend no more than one or two minutes exposure in this mind numbing heat and humidity , yet the beaches and pools surrounding the spectacular Westin Diplomat Hotel in Hollywood , Florida , were packed , with well over 100 of the most stunning glamour girls anywhere on Earth .
It was quite a scene as they were cavorting , tanning and modeling to their hearts ’ content .
This was the Mecca of a Hooters girl fantasy dream , like the perfect storm of the all - American dream girl : skimpy bikinis and a hot , wet , water environment for them to splash about in .
Hooters ' finest
The scene was the official media day and calendar shoot finals for the 13th Annual Hooters International Swimsuit Pageant , and the models had been primped , lotioned , coifed and made over repeatedly for several days of calendar shoots , media appearances and numerous pageant promenades .
They were now relaxed and catching some well deserved R & R.
“ I ’m going to finally get some pizza and beer , ” a Midwest contestant exclaimed as she headed towards the outdoor cafe area , finally released from the spotlight and her pre-pageant dieting rigors and demands .
That flawless figure was a testament to not only her Hooters Girl dedication to the craft , but the discipline nearly every girl had for being chosen for this ultimate Hooters honor – representing your Hooters district or state in this pageant , now an international media phenomenon .
As broadcast viewership goes , the Hooters International Swimsuit Pageant is the number one rated broadcast each year on the hugely successful Fox ’s Best Damn Sports Show Period .
Millions globally watch this pageant , where viewers get to see a lavish stage show rivaling the production standards of the iconic Miss America or Miss Universe pageants .
With far more sex appeal , “ barely there ” bikinis , no boring talent competitions and frolicking beach video out - takes , this is what all guys really want to see in a pageant !
Angela Gambrell
Houston , TX Jenna Thornhill
Tallahassee , FL Jennifer Keller
Ft Myers FL Kara Harper
Murfreesboro , TN
The production went without a hitch , and our Media Relations contact , Alexis Aleshire , was most gracious and helpful in securing all the photo and interview ops requested for this exclusive Bullz - Eye.com coverage .
Tracking down Hooters girls during the pageant weekend is a tough job , as the international media and Hooters photo teams are all there in force , but she did it remarkably well with calm under pressure .
Aubrey Grey and the other behind - the - scene pageant coordinators were also amazing and the broadcast went smoothly and had great pace .
None of this could have been possible without the stewardship of President , CEO , and top wingman of Hooters of America , Coby Brooks , who was also in attendance , and his remarkable super laid back leadership set a great tone for the corporate team .
Kudos !
Emma Cutts , Miss Hooters
World ,
and Reachel Holtgrave ,
Miss Hooters International
The now - famous Hooters restaurant concept was started in 1983 in Clearwater FL , with an arguably simple yet genius concept .
Six guys had a plan …make a tavern restaurant that serves pub food into an all - American restaurant with broad family appeal but with wholesome sexual innocence thrown in for good measure .
Finding the perfect balance of co-ed titillation , cheerleader sex appeal and gosh gee wiz Americana was the flash point the Hooters Six discovered , and they skillfully expanded and marketed the concept from Florida across the USA .
Corporate and franchisee opportunities developed , and now the ‘ neighborhood restaurants ’ total a staggering 450 worldwide , in places as far flung as Asuncion , Paraguay and Chengdu , China .
This , safe to say , makes Hooters the world ’s # 1 business globally where you can go see a pretty girl and have tasty pub food to boot .
Think about that for a moment , this is an amazing accomplishment !
And yes , it all started smack dab in the good ol ’ USA in the Sunshine State .
All girl - watching guys from around the globe owe a thumbs up and a hi-five to the Hooters Six , and the corporate and franchise geniuses who have kept it simple , real and focused on the original concept and continue to bring their “ tacky , yet unrefined “ mantra to millions ( billions ) of girl - watchers worldwide !
Numerous celebrities had the enjoyable , yet seemingly impossible , task of judging the 133 beautiful contestants from evening gowns to swimsuits .
The distinguished celebrity panel included NFL Hall of Famer Michael Irvin ; Heisman Trophy winner and 1996 NFL Rookie of the Year Eddie George ; former NSYNC star and " Dancing with the Stars " contestant Joey Fatone ; four - time all pro linebacker Lance Briggs ; TMZ ’s producer Max Hodges ; " Deal or No Deal " model Patricia Kara ; 2005 Playboy Playmate Tiffany Fallon ; career receiving yardage leader for the Miami Dolphins Mark ‘ Super ’ Duper ; Atlanta Hawks talent coordinator Donni Frazier ; and Top Fuel Dragster Brandon Bernstein .
The top 10 finishers with Hooters CEO Coby Brooks
When the finals were tabulated , Raechel Holtgrave , a Hooters Girl in Columbia , MO , will return to her hometown $ 50,000 richer after being crowned Miss Hooters International 2009 .
LeAngela Davis , representing Columbus , OH , was first runner - up and received $ 15,000 and was also recognized as Miss Congeniality ; Vanessa Ferbeyre , Miss Miami , took home $ 10,000 as second runner - up ; and in third place was Shannon Buckel , representing Schaumburg , IL , winning $ 8,000 .
Becki Haines , representing Hermitage , TN , was the fourth place runner - up and received $ 7,000 .
Finishing out the top 10 finalists and receiving $ 2,000 each , in no particular order , are Haley Voss from Jacksonville , FL ; Natasha Horton , representing Cumberland Blvd in Atlanta , GA ; Nicole Ciglar from Clearwater , FL ; Rachel Mortenson from Chandler , AZ ; and Lauren Kosier .
Check out the video below for even more coverage of the event , including an interview with Miss Hooters International Raechel Holtgrave !
Congratulations to ALL and thank you Hooters for another amazing event !
In the coming months , look for expanded galleries of exciting pageant coverage on Bullz - Eye.com , including behind - the - scenes photos and the sexy “ make your own uniform ” pre-pageant preview .
Bullz - Eye also will be showcasing exclusive photo set profiles and interviews of four of the stunning top ten finalists -- Rachel Mortenson , Haley Voss , Natasha Horton and Nicole Ciglar -- shot on location on the sunny beaches of Hollywood , Florida .
See a sneak peek of the photo shoots below and check back soon for the full layouts !
Rachel Mortenson
Chandler , AZ Nicole Ciglar
Clearwater , FL Natasha Horton
Atlanta , GA Haley Voss
Jacksonville , FL
At least the Japanese press is sitll interested in story of the two Japanese men caugh withs ome $ 134.5 billion in ( presumably fake ) US bearer bonds .
We can't read Japanese , and Google Translate is n't particularly helpful , but a reader informs us that the gist of this story is that a newspaper sent a reporter to Como , Italy and found that the men had been released , with their whereabouts unknown .
Now , the easiest , most - benign explanation for this whole thing is that it 's just a counterfeiting scheme .
Fine , but then why do you let them go without tracking their whereabouts .
The Obama administration 's most radical idea may also be its geekiest :
Make nearly every hidden government spreadsheet and buried statistic available online , all in one place .
For anyone to see .
Are you searching for a Food and Drug Administration report that used to be obtainable only through the Freedom of Information Act ?
Just a mouseclick away .
Need National Institutes of Health studies and school testing scores ?
Click .
Census data , nonclassified Defense Department specs , obscure Securities and Exchange Commission files , prison statistics ?
Click click .
Click .
Click .
The man in charge is the US government 's first - ever chief information officer , Vivek Kundra .
Previously CTO of the District of Columbia , Kundra , 34 , knows that the move from airtight opacity to radical transparency wo n't be a cakewalk .
Until now , the US government 's default position has been :
If you can't keep data secret , at least hide it on one of 24,000 federal Web sites , preferably in an incompatible or obsolete format .
The goal of Kundra 's new Web site , Data.gov , is to create a place where all the information is easy to find , sort , download , and manipulate .
He wants to put as much data out there as possible , then sit back and let the private sector come up with great ways to use it .
He envisions a future in which well - designed spreadsheets , charts , and graphs are embedded in applications for phones , Facebook , and blogs .
In DC , someone combined several of the data sets released by local government — maps , liquor license info , crime statistics — into an app called Stumble Safely , which shows users the safest way to walk home when drunk .
He does n't know what people will build with all the federal data , but he 's confident it will be cool .
This article has been reproduced in a new format and may be missing content or contain faulty links .
Contact wiredlabs@wired.com to report an issue .
The Library of Congress alone holds more than 300 terabytes of data — just a sliver of all federal information stores .
Since Barack Obama took office , Wired has been running its own public wiki , on which scores of people have posted suggestions for how Kundra should proceed — which data sets to open first , what mashups might yield interesting results , and what existing Web sites to use as models .
The response suggests a real appetite for what Kundra is proposing , so we paid a visit to the White House just prior to Data. gov 's launch to see how his plans are developing .
Wired :
Where do you start ?
Vivek Kundra :
One , we 're going to look at which feeds are most popular and which the public are demanding .
Two , we want to advance the president 's agenda around health care , around energy , around education .
Wired :
But wo n't people say you 're releasing one feed because it makes Obama look good but not another that includes something embarrassing to the administration ?
Kundra :
Well , look at health care .
As the president said , it 's one of the most urgent problems affecting our economic future .
So it makes sense to get the most innovation in that space .
Wired : Give me an example .
Kundra :
There 's a lot of data out there — from the National Institutes of Health , the CDC , the FDA — concerning outbreaks and pandemics .
And there 's lots of Census Bureau data right now .
For the first time , the bureau is going to be noting GPS coordinates for addresses across the country .
There are privacy issues , obviously .
But if you release that data at a national level , all of a sudden you 've got a new layer of information that has never existed before .
Imagine if you could build an iPhone app that combined the GPS info with addresses and then combined that with data about outbreaks .
For more , visit wired.com / video Vivek Kundra in conversation with Nicholas Thompson at the Wired Disruptive Business Conference .
Wired :
You 'd know precisely where outbreaks were occurring ?
Sort of like Google flu trends except better , because instead of search data you 're using real medical data ?
Kundra : Exactly .
And the government does n't even have to create the applications .
Wired :
What do you mean ?
You 'll release the data and just hope people do interesting things with it ?
Kundra : Yes .
Think about the Department of Defense .
When satellite data was made available , you had this explosion in the private GPS market .
Now GPS is available on your iPhone , so if you 're lost you can navigate .
The car rental industry uses it .
Google and Facebook use it to help you get real - time information on where friends are and where the closest restaurant is .
The key is recognizing that we do n't have a monopoly on good ideas and that the federal government does n't have infinite resources .
We 're even thinking about running competitions for people making applications .
What wired was able to do with that Data.gov wiki , frankly , would have cost the government a fortune and taken much longer .
Wired : Given how complicated this effort will be , are there some simple rules you 're going to follow ?
Kundra :
The core principles are using open standards , presenting raw data , and distributing it in as many formats as possible .
Public policy decisions are made using the data anyway , but the raw data is important because if it is massaged too much , you can lose the big issues .
Wired : Sometimes more data confuses rather than clarifies , especially if it's raw or presented in some clumsy spreadsheet , which is typically how government data has been released in the past , if at all .
Kundra :
But we now have the ability to use data in ways we could n't before , and to do it in a machine - readable way where we can not only spot trends and make intelligent decisions but make applications that create value and economic opportunities .
The perfect example at a local level is in DC , where you can download an application that lets you know — based on where you 're standing — what the closest Metro station is , when the next train is coming , and , if you like Mexican food , where the closest Mexican restaurant is .
That 's built on one subset of data feeds , and there are hundreds of others .
What ’s the best way to make complex decisions about , say , buying a car ?
( Image : Andy Reynolds / Taxi / Getty )
SLEEPING on a complex decision may not help you make the best choice after all .
So say two studies that question the evidence for unconscious decision - making .
The “ unconscious thought ” theory for making complex decisions was proposed in a 2006 study by Ap Dijksterhuis at the University of Amsterdam in the Netherlands , and colleagues .
The team showed volunteers a series of cars and their attributes on a screen , before asking half of them to think carefully about choosing the best …
Last summer , I helped launch a website called Stack Overflow , on which programmers can ask one another highly technical programming questions .
After nine months , it 's going great .
More than great , in fact .
Since the site debuted in August , it has drawn 3.3 million unique visitors -- more than the total number of computer specialists in the U.S. , according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics -- and , by one estimate , equal to about a third of all programmers worldwide .
Users have posted 150,000 questions on the site , and more than 90 percent of them have been answered with a response that received at least one positive vote , which means someone read the answer and thought it was correct .
I may be jumping the gun here , but I think it 's only a matter of time before most serious programmers consider Stack Overflow to be an important tool in their work .
( To read more about the start - up , see my earlier column " The Unproven Path , " November 2008 . )
To promote the site further , my partner Michael Pryor and I decided to take a week and head to the West Coast for some Stack Overflow evangelism .
First stop : Microsoft , where a bunch of smart people had expressed interest in finding a way to work with us .
Returning to the Seattle area is always an interesting experience for me .
I worked at Microsoft in the early 1990s , and the place has changed quite a lot since then .
When I left , the company had about 10,000 workers worldwide and was headquartered on a cozy campus of a dozen or so buildings , all of them within easy walking distance of one another .
When I visited Microsoft this spring , however , the campus was unrecognizable .
The company has grown like kudzu , the result of a policy of continuous , aggressive hiring .
Microsoft now employs 90,000 people worldwide , and its staff in Redmond , Washington , fills 94 buildings .
The campus spreads out over the area of a small city , with cafeterias , a shopping center , sports fields , and even an artificial lake .
A fleet of company - owned minivans and Toyota Priuses shuttle employees to and from their meetings .
Of course , the idea that you would have more than one meeting a day is a relatively new phenomenon at Microsoft .
Back in my day , meetings were avoided like the plague , and it was considered a burden if you had to go to three or four of them in a week .
But today , the average Microsoft manager is scheduled to within an inch of his or her life .
The new virtue is keeping to a schedule of brisk half - hour meetings , and most of the midlevel managers I met said they had consecutive half - hour meetings scheduled for stretches of days at a time .
The proliferation of meetings at Microsoft reflects a larger change in the culture there .
Meetings are easy .
You just have to show up and shoot the breeze for a half - hour until the large digital clock that is now standard in Microsoft conference rooms tells you it 's time to move on .
And you never linger :
The crowd of people waiting to use the conference room immediately after you will attack you if your meeting runs over .
After Microsoft , we headed to Silicon Valley to demo Stack Overflow before a crowd of about 100 developers at Google 's burgeoning new complex in Mountain View , California .
( A video of the demo is up on YouTube , of course : youtube.com/watch?v=NWHfY_lvKIQ. )
Now , Google -- which has 10,000 workers worldwide -- is very different from Microsoft , and the two businesses have very different cultures , which is evident when you visit them one after another .
When you are a guest on Google 's campus , for example , you get free Wi -Fi service .
You simply connect to one of the open hot spots that blanket the area , and you 're ready to go .
Microsoft has free Wi -Fi , too , but to use it , you have to register with a receptionist who enters your name , your affiliation , your e-mail address , and the name of the person you 're visiting into some kind of computer system , which then spits out a page with a temporary password .
The receptionist has to walk to the nearest copy room to pick up this page .
He or she also hands you a brochure that is intended to teach you how to get on the Wi-Fi network but in reality provides little more than a stern warning that you must not ask the receptionist for any tech help , because The Receptionist Knows Nothing .
I found it interesting that someone at Microsoft thought that it was important to control how guests use the Wi-Fi network and created a whole complicated system of registration and a nice four - color brochure , while the person with the same job at Google just decided to make the Wi-Fi free and open .
Presumably that person at Microsoft was very convinced that all kinds of chaos would ensue if guests just willy - nilly connected their laptop computers to the Internet .
And yet Google proves that no such mayhem actually occurs .
( I had to wonder :
What might we be doing at our company that is similarly a waste of time ? )
There are other areas where the two cultures diverge .
For example , Microsoft gives almost all its programmers a private office with a door that closes , so they can concentrate without interruption .
Google tends to fill each office with four programmers who tend to interrupt one another all day .
At my company , I prefer to give my programmers private offices .
Google has free food in the cafeterias and free snacks everywhere ; Microsoft subsidizes food for its workers , but it 's not free ( and it 's not nearly as good ) .
These criticisms aside , I enjoyed my time at Google and Microsoft .
The two companies are filled with smart people -- I respect their opinions enough to fly cross-country to hear them .
And now that Stack Overflow has built a critical mass of users , we are eager to solicit all of the advice we can .
At Google , some developers suggested that we create an enterprise edition of Stack Overflow that large organizations could use internally to share and organize important information .
I like that idea a lot .
( The people we met at Microsoft had great ideas , too , but that meeting was off the record . )
As we move forward , there are a variety of paths we can take .
Stack Overflow is already breaking even , just by showing a few advertisements , so there 's no pressure to accept outside investment .
Should we create the enterprise version of the site , like the folks at Google suggested ?
License the software ?
Sell the company ?
Raise venture capital ?
Expand into Germany or Japan ?
Build other professional Q&A sites , like one for tax lawyers ?
I feel like I finally understand what Jeff Bezos meant in 1999 when he described Amazon as facing " insurmountable opportunity . "
Still , what I 'll probably remember most about the trip is what I learned about company culture and how it 's affected by scale .
Giant corporations such as Google and Microsoft are like cities full of relatively anonymous people :
You do n't actually expect to see anyone you know as you walk around .
Going to lunch on either campus is like going to the cafeteria at a huge university .
The other 2,000 students seem nice , but you do n't know most of them well enough to sit with them .
Meanwhile , a typical lunchtime at my company is like Thanksgiving dinner :
There 's a big meal you get to share with a bunch of people you know and like .
As I headed for the airport in California , I was happy to be on my way home .
Just so that your visual search strategy is correctly callibrated for bookshops and friends ’ living rooms , here is the cover of the new and cheaper edition of Bad Science .
It features both an index and a new chapter , which I will post for free on the web in a minute .
More below .
If you ’re wondering why there is a new paperback , the previous was a “ trade paperback ” , and this is a normal one .
Basically I did n’t want to have a hardback as I think they ’re stupid fetish items when books should be cheap , convenient devices for transporting words around , but the best I could do was trade paperback first , and I ’m pleased to see that this new edition is already turning up for as little as £ 3.50 on Amazon marketplace .
It ’s worth bearing in mind that this is n’t a new edition , and I ’ve not run through and updated or changed things , but it does have a new chapter , on Matthias Rath , which I will post in a minute , and which we ’re releasing ( after a bit of chat ) under a creative commons license , so you ’re free to post it on your blog or wherever you like .
There is also an index , and although the pagination is a bit different I ’m thinking around ways to make one for the old edition and bung that online too .
Here ’s the publisher review round up blurb :
‘ There are n’t many out and out good eggs in British journalism but Ben Goldacre is one of them !
Fight back .
You could start by reading this book . ’
Telegraph ‘ Unmissable !
Laying about himself in a froth of entirely justified indignation , Goldacre slams the mountebanks and bullshitters who misuse science .
Few escape : drug companies , self - styled nutritionists , deluded researchers and journalists all get thoroughly duffed up .
It is enormously enjoyable . ’
The TImes ( Book of the Year ) ‘ It is an important book and if you were to pick up just one non-fiction book this year you ’d do well to make it this one ’ Benjamin Beasley - Murray , Daily Mail ‘ Duck the health quacks with a brilliant new book that debunks medical nonsense . ’
Metro
‘ The book ’s light - hearted tone is a help to the reader nervous of science and statistics !
This is a fundamentally good book . ’
Druin Burch , TLS
‘ The most important book you ’ll read this year , and quite possibly the funniest . ’
Charlie Brooker
‘ One of the essential reads of the year so far . ’
New Scientist ‘ From an expert with a mail - order PhD to debunking the myths of homeopathy , Ben Goldacre talking the reader through some notable cases and shows how to you do n’t need a science degree to spot “ bad science ” yourself . ’
Independent ( Book of the Year ) ‘ His book aims to teach us better , in the hope that one day we write less nonsense . ’
Daily Telegraph ( and a Book of the Year ) ‘ For sheer savagery , the illusion - destroying , joyous attack on the self - regarding , know - nothing orthodoxies of the modern middle classes , “ Bad Science ” can not be beaten .
You ’ll laugh your head off , then throw all those expensive health foods in the bin . ’
Trevor Philips , Observer ( Book of the Year ) ‘ [ A ] hugely entertaining book !
This is n’t just an essential primer for anyone who has ever felt uneasy about news coverish of faddish scientific “ breakthroughs ” , health scares and “ studies have shown ” stories — it should be on the National Curriculum . ’
Time
Out ‘ A fine lesson in how to skewer the enemies of reason and the peddlers of cant and half - truths . ’
Economist ‘” Bad Science ” introduces the basic scientific principles to help everyone to become an effective bullshit detector . ’
Sir Iain Chalmers , Founder of the Cochrane Library ‘ This book reawakened my love of science . ’
BBC Focus ‘ Read this book . ’
Sunday Business Post
‘ It is an important book and if you were to pick up just one non-fiction book this year , you ’d do well to make it this one . ’
Daily Mail
For my own use really , there are links to more reviews here :
Time Out , Spiked , Times Higher Education , Student BMJ , International Journal of Epidemiology , British Medical Journal , British Journal of General Practice .
If you ’ve reviewed it on your blog , let me know and I ’ll try to update the post with a list of those too .
I have my own screenplay paradigm .
People who have studied Syd Field and Joseph Campbell will recognize elements in it .
Perhaps even a dash of Carl Jung .
The component parts are not what make it different , but rather the synthesis of them all .
Narrative Throughline looks at the screenplay universe as two parts :
The External World of Actions and Dialogue , what I call the Plotline .
The Internal World of Intention and Subtext , what I call the Themeline .
The Plotline has 10 major plot points .
The Themeline has 4 movements in the Protagonist ’s transformation .
In scenes and on the printed page , these two realms of the screenplay universe coexist , each moment an interweaving of the two .
I ’ve revised one of my class lectures and made it available here .
I ’ve also added a link to it under Lists .
This background lecture not only lays out the various elements of Narrative Throughline , it provides a detailed analysis of The Silence of the Lambs .
Now the usual caveat : Every writer is different .
Every story is different .
Narrative Throughline is not the perfect solution for every writer and every story .
However , a majority of my students have let me know that they find Narrative Throughline helpful in the storycrafting process .
Comment Archive
( CNN ) --
A white tiger mauled a zookeeper to death at a New Zealand wildlife park Wednesday as a group of tourists watched in horror , police say .
The zookeeper at Zion Wildlife Gardens in New Zealand could not be saved by other staff .
The attack took place at the Zion Wildlife Gardens near Whangarei , about three hours north of Auckland .
Two zookeepers had gone in to clean an enclosure at the park , when one of two white tigers inside lunged at a keeper , said Sarah Kennett , spokeswoman for Northland Police .
The second keeper and other zoo staff tried to pull the tiger off the man but failed .
He died shortly after , Kennett said .
The tiger was put down , the park said .
Watch park officials , visitors react »
A group of eight tourists who were on a guided tour of the park witnessed the Wednesday morning attack , Kennett said .
" This is an incredibly sad day , " the park said in a statement , adding that it would provide counseling to its employees .
The Zion Wildlife Gardens is home to several endangered tigers and lions .
It is best known in New Zealand as the setting for the popular television series " Lion Man . "
In February , an employee needed surgery after he was attacked by a white tiger , according to local media reports .
Last year , the country 's Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry released documents to CNN affiliate TVNZ that said animals at the park were kept in crowded , unsanitary conditions .
Inspectors were so concerned about the conditions that they considered having 40 cats put down , the documents said .
( CNN ) --
Whether you 're into baseball or backgammon , Harry Potter or heavy metal , Ning has an online network for you .
Gina Bianchini , CEO of Ning , says her site brings together people with common interest and passions .
A fast - growing , free Web site launched two years ago , Ning lets members custom build their own social - networking platforms based around their passions and pastimes .
As Facebook and MySpace connect people to friends and family , Ning gathers users around common interests .
The site hosts networks for hip - hop music lovers , video gaming moms and teens obsessed with the Twilight book and movie franchise .
Other popular
Ning networks bring people together online for political and social causes such as " Pickens ' Plan , " which advocates wind energy .
Ning had 4.7 million unique visitors as of January and surpassed 1 million social networks -- about one - fifth of them considered active -- last month .
Ning also enhanced its site in March with new features such as a real - time activity feed so users can get up - to - the - minute reports -- not unlike Twitter 's tweets -- about what others are doing .
CNN spoke recently to Ning CEO Gina Bianchini , a Silicon Valley native and former Goldman Sachs analyst , about the company and the future of social networking .
Watch Bianchini chat about Ning »
CNN : Where did this idea for Ning come from ?
Bianchini :
We really started with a very simple premise .
What if you gave people the opportunity to create their own social experiences for their own unique passions / topics / interest ?
We started on the ground floor to build it in such a way that it can be customized and programmed and made truly unique for each individual .
I believe the most powerful ideas are the most simple .
CNN : What is the mission of Ning ?
Bianchini :
It 's a way to get people to organize and get people to meet around their passions .
CNN : Did any specific
Web sites or companies inspire you to create Ning ?
Bianchini :
We were really inspired by the first wave of Internet companies truly native to the Web like Craigslist and eBay .
They were really around people connecting to other people .
They were really about the Internet connecting people to each other .
It 's completely unique to the Internet -- you can't do it via television or newspapers .
CNN : Did you expect the idea of connecting people though common interests to be so successful ?
Bianchini : Social behavior is really what people want to do online .
It was clear for the rapid adoption of social networking in general that it is very much the case .
CNN : What are some of the interesting social networks on Ning ?
Bianchini :
There are 200,000 social networks are active right now , and they are across tens of thousands of unique passions .
There is a network called ' This is 50 . '
It 's like a hip hop TMZ .
Another is the ' Pickens ' Plan . '
It 's a way they are organizing more than 200,000 people around wind - energy policy .
There is another one for cricket , specifically Indian cricket , which has added half a million people in the last two and a half weeks .
There is another about the Twilight saga for teens .
So it ranges from 50 Cent to teens talking about Twilight to serious adults looking at how to make changes in government policy .
That 's the power of the Internet and the power of connecting people .
CNN : What do you attribute to the growth of Ning ?
Bianchini :
What 's fundamental in the adoption of Ning is that people are unique .
They have unique interest and passion and they like having a contact for that experience and for their identity .
CNN : What makes Ning different from other social - networking sites ?
Bianchini :
It 's focused on providing the [ means for ] people to create new social networks around their interests and passions and connect new people around those passions .
We think that 's a very critical element of organization .
The Facebook phenomenon connects you to people you already know and Twitter is amazing for news and real - time events .
What we see with people who gravitate to Ning is meeting new people with similar interests .
CNN : How can Ning be useful to organizations or corporations ?
Bianchini :
When you can bring people together around a common cause there is incredible potential to do fundraising and to organize volunteers .
CNN : How does your site make money ?
Bianchini :
If you want to add a feature like making your own domain , you can pay a la carte for options .
On the free service there are ads contextual to what the network is .
CNN : What are your thoughts on the future of social networking ?
Bianchini : Niche social networking sites are absolutely something people want to do .
People clearly want to do this .
. .[ and ] as people get more comfortable with social networking via Facebook , Twitter , they will look around and say , ' I want a social network for this particular group . '
CNN : What are some of your company 's goals in the future ?
Bianchini :
We are really focused on making our service perfect for people who come to meet new people .
We 're growing really rapidly and we 're seeing a lot of interest and new people joining social networks .
All About Internet • Facebook Inc. • MySpace Inc .
Crooked – adjective , describing another .
Synonym of corrupt , devious , nefarious , treacherous , scandalous .
( Krook - id ) Origin – Ancient Sumeria , the cradle of civilization , and the birthplace of law .
1. Crooked fucks screw over business partners the world ’round .
These pricks operate exclusively in terms of their own self - interests , especially when it comes to money or services rendered .
Crooked people are double - dealers , constantly going back on their word – eventually alienating anyone interested in putting up with their skewed perspectives .
If you find that you are a crooked person , here are some good jobs for your future : politician , lawyer , used car salesman , stock broker , or insurance sales .
There are a plethora of other job opportunities for you – it just depends on how bent you intend on being .
2 . An individual who utilizes deceit to obtain advantage over others .
The Iowa Supreme Court has unanimously voted to support gay marriage , making Iowa the third state in the country and first state in the midwest to have legal gay marriage .
Information is hard to access as the site is down because of the number of hits , if it loads the opinion is available at the Iowa Supreme Court Website .
Iowa state law does not require couples who marry within the state to be Iowa residents , so out of state couples will be allowed to receive a marriage license .
Opponents of gay marriage would have to amend the state constitution in order to eliminate this newly given right .
If the 2010 legislature endorses the idea , November 2012 would be the earliest that Iowans could vote on any possible constitutional amendment .
When you 're just an ostrich , you should n't piss off an elephant .
If you liked this post , you can subscribe to the Blame It On The Voices RSS feed and get your regular fix
Joe Biden pledged to ' put some pace on the ball ' with regard to gay issues .
Biden reaches out to gay community
Vice President Joe Biden told gay and lesbian Democrats that he does n't blame them for their impatience and promised that the Obama administration will begin to push more strongly on the issues they care about , including the repeal of Do n't Ask , Do n't Tell .
Speaking at a LGBT fundraiser for the Democratic National Committee , Biden acknowledged the anger many gays and lesbians have toward the White House , and he pledged to " put some pace on the ball . "
Advertisement
" I do n't blame you for your impatience , " Biden said .
" I hope you do n't doubt the president 's commitment . "
The vice president spent 20 minutes trying to convince the donors inside the Mandarin Oriental Hotel that President Barack Obama is dedicated to following through on his campaign promises .
He said he had asked to give the speech at the annual leadership dinner Thursday night , and he read from a TelePrompter .
" I am not unaware of the controversy swirling around this dinner and swirling around the speed or lack thereof that we are moving on issues that are of great importance to you , " Biden said .
Outside the hotel about 50 protesters held up signs chastising participants — which included all three gay members of Congress , Reps .
Tammy Baldwin , Barney Frank and Jared Polis — with sayings such as " Gay Uncle Toms . "
After Baldwin was heckled by the protesters for entering the event , she told the Advocate 's White House reporter , Kerry Eleveld , that gays and lesbians " do feel an impatience and a frustration . "
But , she said , " I think it 's really important that that be expressed both outside and inside . "
The annual dinner was boycotted by some prominent gay and lesbian donors , including the Stonewall Democratic Club , former Clinton backers David Mixner and Richard Socarides and Utah contributor Bruce Bastian .
But it still netted about $ 1 million , according to a pool report , which is roughly 250,000 more than the event raised last year .
Biden tried to shine the best light on Obama 's record on gay and lesbian issues so far .
He mentioned that the administration appointed 60 LGBT people , including nine that require Senate confirmation .
He said that gay and lesbian concerns will not be " delayed , put off or not end up on [ Obama 's ] plate " because he is dealing with so many other issues .
Biden drew repeated standing ovations , according to a pool report , as he pledged the repeal of the Defense of Marriage Act and Don't Ask , Don't Tell , the passage of the Lieberman - Baldwin bill on health benefits , a ban on workplace discrimination , adoption rights for all and an end to the HIV travel ban .
Obama campaigned to repeal DADT , but the White House has said it 's seeking congressional action on the policy , which bars openly gay men and women from serving in the military .
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said last week that he is waiting for " a legislative proposal from the White House on repeal " to give the Senate clear guidance on what Obama wants and when .
On Thursday , Biden said the administration is committed to " the unfinished business of true equality . "
" I promise you with your help we 'll get there in this administration , " he said , going as far as to add that if the country achieves gender equality , " I will have marked my term as vice president as being truly worthwhile . "
In this most excellent article below the author did n’t mention perhaps the most bizarre HRC decision , that to find a plastic surgeon guilty of discrimination for refusing to perform a labiaplasty on a man .
By Mark Hemingway National Review Online
It ’s hard to describe Ezra Levant ’s splendid new volume , Shakedown : How Our Government Is Undermining Democracy in the Name of Human Rights , as an enjoyable read — because the book is a chronicle of injustice , with outrage on every page .
On opening this slim volume , I was transported to early last year , when I first heard that Levant — formerly the publisher of the Canadian conservative magazine The Western Standard — was being hauled before the Alberta Human Rights Commission for having the temerity to publish something a radical imam did n’t approve of .
As I began to read the facts of Levant ’s case , I came to the sad realization that Canada no longer has freedom of speech .
The “ human rights ” commissions ( HRCs ) all over Canada , staffed by bureaucrats and not following normal legal procedures , had originally been set up to deal with blatant cases of discrimination ; they had morphed into star chambers weighing in on what the press could print , what pastors could say from the pulpit , whether certain Bible verses could be displayed publicly , and so on .
Later in the year , when National Review ’s own Mark Steyn was ensnared by both Canada ’s national and the British Columbia HRC for an article he published , I ended up covering Steyn ’s case , as well as Canada ’s kangaroo courts more broadly .
( Steyn has written a foreword to Shakedown . )
Every rock I turned over revealed the HRCs to be even more pernicious then they appeared , and they looked Orwellian to begin with .
These commissions have the power to impose financial and legal penalties , and yet they do n’t adhere to the most basic protections of due process found in a real court of law .
And it was worse , even , than that : the state paid for the prosecution , while the defendant incurred any and all legal fees , which could run to thousands of dollars .
Even if you were eventually declared innocent of the charges against you , you would not be reimbursed — the process itself is in effect a penalty .
Levant and Steyn probably were n’t terribly heartened by the fact that no one charged under Canada ’s Section 13 “ hate speech ” provisions had ever been found innocent by a Canadian HRC .
That ’s right — a 100 percent conviction rate .
Kim Jong-il and Robert Mugabe are no doubt envious .
But if my first reaction was horror at what had become of a free Canada , my second was to chuckle softly at what the Canadian government had brought upon itself by putting Steyn and Levant in the dock .
Mr. Steyn ’s devastating pen straddles continents ; whatever punishments the HRCs could heap on him would end up largely irrelevant , given his reach .
Outside of Canada , Levant is less well - known .
However , there was little doubt in my mind that he too would prove to be a freedom fighter of the highest order .
Some years ago , I attended a three - day academic seminar with Levant .
While I ’ve had no social contact with him before or since , I can tell you that participating in an academic discussion with Levant is like trying to share a steak with a pit bull .
He ’s never uncivil or unreasonable — just a lawyer with a killer instinct for finding flaws in arguments .
If anyone had asked me if I had any advice for the “ human rights ” commissioners attempting to prosecute Levant , it would have been , “ Duck ! ”
So when Levant was hauled before the Alberta HRC for his decision to publish the infamous Danish cartoons of the prophet Mohammed , he did not disappoint .
For one thing , Levant took a video camera to the proceedings , and his opening statement was viewed on the Internet over 500,000 times .
The video was remarkable both for Levant ’s eloquent indignation and for the eye - rolling indifference of the “ human rights ” commissioner across the table , unaware that for half a million people she would soon become the face of censorship and oppression in Canada .
The charges against Levant were dropped — most likely not because the Alberta HRC wanted to do the right thing , but because it was seeking to spare itself further embarrassment .
All these developments are explored in detail in Shakedown , but the book is much more than simply a recounting of the injustices suffered by Steyn and Levant .
The author has a higher purpose — he has written a simple and effectively argued wake - up call for the average Canadian citizen .
As Steyn notes in the introduction , “ [ Levant ] understood that , like the undead feasting on human flesh in the dead of night but unable to bear a shaft of sunlight , Canada ’s ‘ human rights ’ racket could not withstand the glare of publicity .
In a free society , justice must not only be done but seem to be done . ”
Thus Levant does his level best not to revel in his own indignation , but to chronicle the myriad injustices suffered by those who have not had the means to fight back the way Levant and Steyn did .
We learn how a restaurant was punished for firing a cook with Hepatitis C ; how an HRC held a trial over the complaint filed by a male hairstylist that some women at his salon school called him a loser ; how a rape - crisis center was sued for not wanting a burly male - to - female transsexual as a rape - victim counselor ; how a nightclub was sued for allegedly denying entry to a Sikh university student some four years earlier — and on and on .
Levant also exposes the commissions ’ inner workings .
As it turns out , the chief investigator of the national HRC is a former police officer who was fired for knowingly dating a criminal that her colleagues had under active investigation .
The same investigator is notorious for launching a 15 - month - long taxpayer - funded investigation into a small Toronto publication called Catholic Insighton the basis of its stated opposition to gay marriage .
Then there ’s the matter of Richard Warman , an Ottawa lawyer who worked for the Canadian Human Rights Commission for two years — at the same time as he was filing numerous complaints with that body under his own name .
Warman is also notorious , for trolling message boards on the Internet , posting offensive material he himself has written and then suing anyone who responds in agreement .
Given the 100 percent conviction rate , to date Warman has been awarded $ 50,000 by the HRCs .
As I said , there ’s outrage on every page ; but Levant ’s purpose is to translate outrage into action :
His concluding chapter is titled “ How Ordinary Canadians Can Fight Back . ”
I hope the book ’s understandable focus on Canada does n’t discourage Americans from reading it .
If you think it ca n’t happen in America , guess again .
State human - rights commissions are fast gaining ground here .
Among a number of disturbing developments , last year a New Mexico wedding photographer and evangelical Christian was fined $ 6,637 by her state ’s Human Rights Commission for turning down the opportunity to photograph a lesbian commitment ceremony .
Elsewhere , the United Nations Human Rights Council recently approved a resolution that calls on nation - states to limit criticism of religions in general and Islam in particular ; this could have draconian effects on free speech .
It would seem that we ’re all Canadians now .
And if we care about our freedom of expression , we had better start fighting back .
Levant ’s book should prove to be an invaluable resource for that battle .
— Mark Hemingway is an NRO staff reporter .
- video encodings still in process -
Do n't mess with the kitten while his friend is around !
By Detector | 08 April 2009
President of Microsoft Business Division , Stephen Elop , indirectly confirmed the development of the Office package for the Apple iPhone .
This smartphone supports the standard Word and PowerPoint viewer for documents ( usually e-mail attachments ) , but not editing .
Microsoft is the largest producer of software for the Mac platform and Mac version of Office recorded a good sales results .
In March last year , Tom Gibbons ( Microsoft Vice Division for mobile phones and mobile platforms ) announced that the company experimented with the iPhone platform and exploits its full functionality .
Fresh rumors claim that the version of Office for the iPhone is already under construction and should exploit new opportunities of iPhone OS 3.0 .
Microsoft in App Store already has two applications – SeaDragon Mobile and TagReader Office alternative for this platform is already available in the market , such as Google Docs or QuickOffice . [ via ]
Tags | Apple , Gadgets , iPhone , Rumors , Software
Illustration by Derek Bacon
THE demise of GM had been expected for so long that when it finally died there was barely a whimper .
Wall Street was unmoved .
Congress did not draw breath .
America shrugged .
Yet the indifference with which the news was received should not obscure its importance .
A company which once sold half the cars in America , employed in its various guises as many people as the combined populations of Nevada and Delaware and was regarded as a model for managers all over the world has just gone under ; and its collapse holds important lessons about management , about government and about the future of the car industry ( see article , article ) .
Government and GM : a fatal mixture
GM 's architect , Alfred Sloan , never had Henry Ford 's entrepreneurial or technical genius , but he had organisation .
He designed his company around the needs of his customers ( “ a car for every purse and purpose ” ) .
The divisional structure he created in the 1920s , with professional managers reporting to a head office through strict financial monitoring , was adopted by other titans of American business , such as GE , Dupont and IBM before the model spread across the rich world .
Although this model was brilliantly designed for domination , when the environment changed it proved disastrously inflexible .
The problem in the 1970s was not really the arrival of better , smaller , lighter Japanese cars ; it was GM 's failure to respond in kind .
Rather than hitting back with superior products , the company hid behind politicians who appeared to help it in the short term .
Rules on fuel economy distorted the market because they had a loophole for pickups and other light trucks — a sop to farmers and tool - toting artisans .
The American carmakers exploited that by producing squadrons of SUVs , while the government restricted the import of small , efficient Japanese cars .
If Detroit had spent less time lobbying for government protection and more on improving its products it might have fared better .
Sensible fuel taxes would have hurt for a while , but unlike market - distorting fuel - efficiency rules , they would have forced GM to evolve .
As for the health and pension costs which have helped sink GM , the company and the government bear joint responsibility for those too .
After the war GM rejected a mutual scheme that the unions wanted because it smacked of socialism ; and around the same time , the company agreed to give retired workers full pensions and health care for life .
But if successive administrations had dealt with America 's expensive and inadequate health care — a problem with which Barack Obama is now wrestling ( see article ) — the cost of those union demands would have been far lower .
None of GM 's competitors has had to shoulder costs per worker anything like as heavy : until an agreement in 2007 with the union , each car in Detroit carried about $ 1,400 in extra pension and health - care costs compared with the foreign - owned competitors in America .
GM , Ford and Chrysler tried to improve : by 2006 they had almost caught up with Japanese standards of efficiency and even quality .
But by then GM 's share of the American market had fallen to below a quarter .
Rounds of closures and job cuts were difficult to negotiate with unions , and were always too little too late .
Gradually the cars got better , but Americans had moved on .
The younger generation of carbuyers stayed faithful to their Toyotas , Hondas or Mercedes assembled in the new cheaper car factories below the Mason - Dixon line .
GM and the other American firms were left with the older buyers who were , literally , dying out .
GM 's demise should not be read as a harbinger of doom for the car industry .
All around the world people want wheels : a car tends to be the first big purchase a family makes once its income rises much above $ 5,000 a year , in purchasing - power terms .
At the same time as people in developing countries are getting richer , more efficient factories and better designs are making cars more affordable .
That is why the IMF forecasts that the world will have nearly 3 billion cars in 2050 , compared with around 700 m cars today .
In the next five or six years the Chinese will overtake the Americans in terms of annual car sales : in 40 years ' time the Chinese will have almost as many cars as exist in the whole of the world now .
Indeed , GM 's own experience abroad shows the promise of emerging markets .
Brazil has long been a source of profits , and GM has a leading position in China .
Yet although the long - term prospects for sales growth look excellent overall , the car industry has a problem : it needs to shrink dramatically .
At present , there 's enough capacity globally to make 90 m vehicles a year , but demand is little more than 60 m in good economic times .
Even as the big global manufacturers have been building new factories in emerging markets , governments in slow - growing rich - world markets have been bribing them to keep capacity open there .
Because the industry employs so many people and is a repository of high technology , governments are easily lured into the belief that car firms must be supported when times are tough .
Hence Mr Obama's $ 50 billion rescue of GM ; and hence , too , the German government 's financial backing for the sale of Opel , GM 's European arm , to Magna , a Canadian parts - maker backed by a Russian state - owned bank .
German politicians have made it clear that they plan to keep German factories open even if others elsewhere in Europe have to close .
At least the American rescue recognises the need to remove capacity from the market : GM will , as a result of the deal , lose 14 factories , 29,000 workers and 2,400 dealers .
It could still be a great business
For all its peculiarities , the car industry is no dinosaur — Toyota , for instance , is a byword for manufacturing excellence .
But the unevolved GM deserved extinction .
Detroit employed so many people and figured so large in American culture that governments felt they had to protect it ; but in doing so , they made it vulnerable to less - coddled competitors from abroad .
By trying to keep their car industry big , America 's leaders ended up preventing it from becoming good .
There is a lesson in that which all governments would do well to learn .
From the auto workers :
Strike in Iran Khodro :
We declare our solidarity with the movement of the people of Iran .
Autoworker , Fellow Laborers ( Laborer Friends ) :
What we witness today , is an insult to the intelligence of the people , and disregard for their votes , the trampling of the principles of the Constitution by the government .
It is our duty to join this people 's movement .
We the workers of Iran Khodro , Thursday 28/3/88 in each working shift will stop working for half an hour to protest the suppression of students , workers , women , and the Constitution and declare our solidarity with the movement of the people of Iran .
The morning and afternoon shifts from 10 to 10:30 .
The night shift from 3 to 3:30 .
Laborers of IranKhodor
And an excerpt from the bus workers ( read the whole thing at The Field ) :
The fact that the demands of the vast majority of Iranian society go far beyond those of unions is obvious to all , and in the previous years we have emphasized that until the principle of the freedom to organize and to elect is not materialized , any talk of social freedom and labor union rights will be a farce .
Given these facts , the Autobus Workers Union places itself alongside all those who are offering themselves in the struggle to build a free and independent civic society .
The union condemns any kind of suppression and threats .
To recognize labor - union and social rights in Iran , the international labor organizations have declared the Fifth of Tir ( June 26 ) the international day of support for imprisoned Iranian workers as well as for the institution of unions in Iran .
We want that this day be viewed as more than a day for the demands of labor unions to make it a day for human rights in Iran and to ask all our fellow workers to struggle for the trampled rights of the majority of the people of Iran .
And here 's a bit of Al 's analysis :
It 's significant that the bus workers set a date , a week from now , for its International Day of Support for Imprisoned Iranian Workers .
The call carries with it a prima facie acknowledgement that no matter what happens in the streets on Saturday , the party is just getting started .
I noticed the date right away when I read the release .
As BooMan reminded us a few days ago , the 1979 revolution in Iran took over a year .
I know that today ( Saturday ) is pivotal in how this resistance develops .
But with the engagement of the unions and their organizing ability , I 'd say it looks like " game on " for the long haul on this one .
The BNP faces legal action over its " apartheid - style " membership policy that bars membership to black , Asian and Jewish people , the equalities watchdog has warned .
In the first such action against a political party , the Equality and Human Rights Commission ( EHRC ) said the party may be breaching the Race Relations
Act over its membership rules , which say members must be " strictly defined " as " indigenous Caucasian and defined ethnic groups emanating from that race " .
Its recruitment policy and treatment of constituents may also fall foul of the legislation .
Its website also states that anyone wishing to work for the party must submit a membership number , which the commission believes breaches race legislation .
It is also concerned that BNP candidates elected to office do not intend to offer equal treatment to all members of the public that they represent , which would also amount to a breach of race laws .
The commission has told the party 's leader , Nick Griffin , that the party has less than a month to ensure that it conforms to the legislation .
It has been ordered to respond to the EHRC 's edict by 20 July , agreeing to make necessary changes or face legal action , which could include fines or even imprisonment .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Mr Griffin said he believed that the BNP was not in breach of the Race Relations Act .
" This has got nothing to do with colour , this is about ethnicity , " he said .
" Because the English , the Scots , the Irish and the Welsh are historically white , does not mean being white is the marker . "
For workers ’ power and a socialist Iran
17 June 2009
The political crisis unfolding in Iran raises fundamental issues for the working class .
The outcome of last Friday ’s presidential election has exposed a sharp rift within the country ’s clerical regime between the backers of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and those of his chief rival , Mirhossein Mousavi .
No one should be hoodwinked by the “ colour revolution ” being carefully orchestrated by the Mousavi camp to overturn the election result and demand a fresh poll .
While there are tactical differences between Ahmadinejad and Mousavi , both are tested defenders of the existing regime and the interests of the Iranian bourgeoisie .
Mousavi was backed by those layers of the clerical and political establishment , such as former presidents Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani and Mohammad Khatami , who have been bitterly critical of Ahmadinejad ’s anti-US posturing , which has only brought further economic sanctions , and of his “ wasteful ” handouts to the poor .
The large opposition protests in the streets of Tehran and other cities have been dominated by the better - off layers of the urban middle classes to whom Mousavi ’s election campaign was directed .
To the extent that students , young people and any workers opposed to the regime have been swept up in the opposition movement , they are being exploited as pawns in what can only be described as an attempted palace coup .
While electoral rigging may have taken place , more sober commentators point out that Ahmadinejad retained strong support among the urban and rural poor — the overwhelming majority of the population .
Ahmadinejad ’s margin of 63 percent over his three rivals was virtually identical to the outcome of the 2005 election , when he won an upset victory by exploiting the widespread hostility to his opponent Rafsanjani .
The latter is one of the country ’s wealthiest men , notorious for corruption .
Those who paint Mousavi in bright , democratic colours conveniently ignore his record as a hard - line defender of the theocratic regime .
As prime minister between 1981 and 1989 , he was instrumental in suppressing political opposition , including the jailing and murder of thousands of leftists .
In the midst of the Iran - Iraq war , Mousavi also played a central role in marshalling young men , overwhelmingly drawn from the poorer strata of society , into the bloodbath , and imposing savage austerity measures on the working class .
Mousavi has been rebadged as a liberal democrat by an alliance of conservatives such as Rafsanjani and “ reformers ” like Khatami to press ahead with an agenda of easing tensions with the US and imposing a free market agenda that will heavily impact working people .
Having failed to secure a first - round victory or force a second - round runoff , Mousavi and his allies are attempting to leverage the frustrations of their largely middle - class supporters into a share in , if not outright control of , state power .
These efforts are being supported by a blatantly partisan campaign in the US and international media , tacitly supported by the Obama administration and its European allies .
No one should be under any illusion that this effort is aimed at abolishing the clerical regime or defending democratic rights for the masses in Iran .
As it has in the past , US imperialism is seeking to exploit the political turmoil in Iran to bring about a modification of the regime more favourable to its economic and strategic interests — in the first place , to secure greater Iranian support for its neo-colonial occupations of Afghanistan and Iraq .
If Mousavi were to pull off his “ colour revolution , ” the first to bear the brunt would be the working class and the poor , as the new regime sought to rein in public spending , privatise state - owned enterprises and guarantee the profits of local businesses and foreign investors .
The barely concealed class hostility of Mousavi and his well - heeled supporters to working people is summed in their open contempt towards Ahmadinejad ’s meagre handouts to the poor .
Mousavi would be just as ruthless as Ahmadinejad in trampling on democratic rights and suppressing any opposition to his program .
All of those in the international media and Western capitals now bemoaning the lack of democracy in Iran would be supportive of repressive measures directed against the working class .
Opposition to Mousavi ’s cynical campaign in no way implies political support for the right - wing demagogue Ahmadinejad , who is being backed by the dominant factions of the Iranian political establishment , including the supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei .
Ahmadinejad ’s anti-American posturing has nothing to do with any genuine anti-imperialist struggle , but is aimed at pressuring Washington for a more advantageous accommodation to the interests of the Iranian bourgeoisie .
His denunciations of corruption and pretentious stance as “ a man of the people ” sympathetic to the poor cannot obscure the fact that the social divide has only deepened under his administration .
Unemployment , inflation , housing shortages and the overall living standards of the majority of the population have only worsened .
Ahmadinejad is able to pose as a defender of the poor only in the absence of any genuine socialist alternative in the working class .
In the current crisis , a politically criminal role is once again being played by the Stalinist Tudeh Party along with various student groups that are opposed to any independent mobilisation of the working class and are seeking to channel hostility to the regime behind Mousavi .
Well aware of Mousavi ’s anti-working class record , they nevertheless argue that anything is better than Ahmadinejad .
As history has repeatedly demonstrated in Iran and around the world , this is the road to disaster .
Anyone who is swayed by such arguments should recall the outcome of the 1979 revolution .
The social motor force of the huge movement that finally overthrew Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi was the working class .
Determined strikes by oil workers , in particular , paralysed the economy and brought the repressive US - backed regime to its knees .
The Tudeh Party played the crucial role in shackling the widespread hatred of the Shah to a dissident faction of the clerical establishment by promoting the illusion that Ayatollah Khomeini represented a progressive alternative .
The Iranian working class has a long history of revolutionary struggle .
However , the bitter lessons of this history confirm a fundamental tenet of Leon Trotsky ’s Theory of Permanent Revolution : the organic incapacity of any section of the bourgeoisie in countries with a belated capitalist development to meet the aspirations of working people for basic democratic rights and decent living standards .
As Trotsky explained , only the working class , through the struggle to take power at the head of the oppressed masses , is capable of carrying out a consistent struggle for democratic rights .
A workers ’ and peasants ’ government would break the grip of the clerics and the bourgeois interests they defend and begin the socialist transformation of society in the interests of the majority , not the profits of the wealthy few .
The present political turmoil in Iran has opened up deep fissures in the political establishment .
There are undoubtedly young people , students and workers who are seriously discussing how to put an end to the oppressive regime .
But to the extent that they remain trapped behind one or other faction of the ruling elite , the result will inevitably be the consolidation of bourgeois rule and another round of political repression .
The only road out of this political trap is the turn to the independent political mobilisation of workers and the oppressed masses in the struggle to seize power and establish a socialist Iran .
Such a perspective is conceivable only as part of a broader struggle of the working class for a United Socialist States of the Middle East and internationally .
The urgent task facing workers and youth is the construction of sections of the International Committee of the Fourth International in Iran and throughout the region .
That requires a careful study of all the strategic experiences of the Trotskyist movement throughout the course of the twentieth century .
The lessons of those struggles provide an indispensable guide to political action .
Peter Symonds
Peter Symonds
How often do you have to stop and fill up your tank ?
Frequent trips to the gas station may be a sign that you ’re not maximizing your car ’s fuel efficiency .
As it turns out , trading your ride in for a hybrid is n’t the only way to improve your gas mileage .
Here are some simple pointers to get started .
Lighten your load .
Take out your golf clubs , toolbox and other heavy items when you do n’t need them .
Any extra weight reduces your car ’s fuel efficiency .
Use cruise control as much as possible because driving at a constant speed increases your gas mileage .
Plus , it sure makes that daily commute a little more bearable .
Switch into overdrive to decrease the engine ’s speed and save gas .
Keep the idling to a minimum .
Instead , turn off the engine while you ’re waiting for your pals to pick up something from the store or finish getting ready .
Gradually accelerate to waste less gas .
Maintain your tire pressure to ensure that your tires are always properly inflated .
In addition to better gas mileage , it will help your tires last longer .
Use the grade of motor oil recommended by your car ’s manufacturer , whether it be 5W - 30 , 5W - 20 or 10 W - 30 .
Give your engine a tune up on a regular basis .
Only turn on the air conditioning when you ’re dripping sweat and threatened by heat stroke .
Okay , maybe that ’s a bit extreme , but you get the idea .
Use it sparingly .
Take off bike or luggage racks when you are n’t using them .
They interfere with the aerodynamics of your vehicle and cause drag , which causes your car to expend more energy than necessary .
For more tips , visit Fuel Economy .
Image : Hamed Saber
MySpace is owned by Rupert Murdoch 's News Corporation
MySpace , the social networking site , has said it will cut almost a third of its staff as it looks to cut costs to compete with increasing competition .
The cuts total about 400 staff , leaving 1,000 people at the struggling unit of Rupert Murdoch 's News Corporation .
MySpace said it wanted to return to the culture of a start - up company .
MySpace , which has about 125 million users , has been hit hard by the huge popularity of rival networking sites Facebook and Twitter .
' Aggressive move '
" Simply put , our staffing levels were bloated and hindered our ability to be an efficient and nimble team - oriented company , " MySpace boss Owen Van Natta said .
" I understand that these changes are painful for many .
They are also necessary for the long - term health and culture of MySpace , " he added .
News Corporation 's head of digital media Jonathan Miller added that the company had grown " too big considering the realities of today 's marketplace . "
Mr Van Natra was appointed chief executive of MySpace just two months ago .
His job is to reinvigorate the site in the face of increasing competition .
Facebook , for example , has considerably more users worldwide , despite being launched more recently .
The new boss said his aim was to " return to an environment of innovation . "
Analyst Debra Williamson at eMarketer said the " very aggressive move " and was designed " to send a message to the marketplace that they 're really taking the turnaround of MySpace seriously .
" Thirty per cent is more than a haircut .
It 's chopping the head off , " she added .
These are the additional mods I use .
These are optional , unlike the mods and fixes above :
WIDESCREEN :
Morrowind ‘ splash ’/ loading screens in widescreen .
COMBAT TWEAKS : Major levelling / balancing mods :
Levelling is a very personal choice in an RPG , and I leave the choice of levelling / balancing mods up to you and your taste in RPG play / character styles .
COMBAT TWEAKS : Small enhancement mods :
Ticking a certain box in the Morrowind Graphics Extender enables you to engage in combat in the style of the earlier The Elder Scrolls : Daggerfall , which some prefer .
For realism in areas around a combat , Fleeing Fetchers will cause non-combatants to run away when a fight breaks out near them .
Protective Guards will cause guards to come to your aid , if you are the subject of unprovoked attacks in towns .
I cannot recommend ‘ Pursuit Enhanced ’ since it caused multiple crashes for me .
Miscast .
If you fail to cast a spell , there ’ll be a 20 % chance of some unexpected effect instead .
A nice touch of realism .
COMBAT TWEAKS : Archery :
Archers have some choice mods such as Marksman Mod and Particle Arrow Replacer 3.0 ( better particle effects on enchanted arrows ) .
Rideable Guars will also let you ride a guar , and fire a bow and arrow at the same time .
MAIN QUEST : Enhanced ending (! ) & main - quest companion NPC :
Darknuts ’s Greater Dwemer Ruins Volume 1 ( Warning ; Darknut ’s has plot - spoilers in the description of his mod !
Download it with your eyes shut ! ) .
This seriously expands and improves the final stages of the main quest , and adds audio dialogue .
A very polished and well thought - out mod , tested by a squad of beta - testers .
You now need to be at Level 25 or above to tackle the latter stages of the main quest .
You may want to have a high - quality NPC companion ( again , this has plot - spoilers in the readme .
txt ) come along with you , one specifically designed to integrate with the main quest .
NON - PLAYER CHARACTERS : More / less lively NPCs :
Less Generic NPCs : combined pack , and Less Generic NPCs : Bloodmoon will give you less boring non-player characters .
Also highly recommended is meeting Travelling Merchants and their guars on the roads , and Light The Way which causes transportation NPCs to hold torches or lanterns at night .
Healers .
Adds healers in temples , as suggested in the game ’s official dialogue .
Morrowind Inhabitants : Freeform ! ( Volume 1 ) .
Now you ’ll never run out of quests , since this mod generates them on the fly , like The Elder Scrolls : Daggerfall .
( Requires Morrowind Script Extender — which you already have if you ’ve been following my instructions ) .
GRAPHICS TWEAKS : More hi-res / improved - but - similar textures and meshes packs :
New !
Jan 2011 .
Rock Replacer .
A work in progress , but maturing rapidly .
Currently only for Bitter Coast , Azura ’s Coast , and the Grazelands .
New !
Jan 2011 .
Road Marker retexture .
No more blurry stone road - markers looking out of place among your hi-res textures .
Retextured Architecture of Morrowind : Imperial Textures .
Similar to the originals , just higher - resolution .
Connary ’s Rich wood textures .
Beautiful carved woodwork in the houses of rich Imperial citizens .
Hi-res Telvanni textures .
Telvanni buildings are retextured .
Very similar to the originals .
Alan ’s Stilt Strider retexture .
Sharper - looking stilt - striders .
Alan ’s Wild Guar retexture .
Slaughterfish retexture .
You ’ll be meeting a lot of these , so it ’s best they look as good as they can while they chew your legs off .
Sailcloth retexture .
Hi-res , faithful to the originals .
Flora
Glow adds genuine glow - mapping for the luminous plants .
AST Redware texture replacer .
Enhances the plain red pottery .
Can be used with Connary ’s Mixed Pottery textures which also replaces pewter , green glass , yellow glass , peach glass , mottled and bug design bowls – by adding AST ’s Redware texture replacer textures after Connary’s .
Bottle replacer and Flask replacer .
Silverware enhancer .
AST Comberry texture replacer .
Enhances the comberry plants .
If you ’re a mage , you ’ll be seeing a lot of this bush , up - close .
Small chest replacer and tomb - urns replacer .
Paper retexture .
Better Deadric Armour , an add - on for use with the Better Bodies mod ( which you have if you ’ve been following this guide ) .
Sir Luthor ’s Tools .
Better textures and 3D meshes for hammers , lockpicks , etc .
Mesh Updater 1.6 .
Better 3D meshes on minor objects AND / OR Mesh Improvements .
Simple mesh replacer for a lot of clutter items .
Souly Soulgems .
Just enhances the soulgems without doing any weird hippy - dippy stuff to them .
New !
Jan 2011 .
More Detailed Places compilation 8.0 .
Just adds clutter in otherwise empty places .
The above have been carefully selected .
I ca n’t recommend the scroll replacer called ‘ Scroll Upgrade ’ , which seems to be the only one available and which is old and has bugs .
Nor can I recommend any of the many bedspreads / curtain / rugs / lantern / tapestries / inn-signs replacers , since I feel Bethesda did very well in this area .
Coin and keys and ring retexture packs can also be found , but I find these items are too small to really notice much difference .
GRAPHICS TWEAKS : Lighting :
Getting the lighting is right is so important .
Some people go crazy adding new fiendishly complex fan - made shader systems , “ god-rays ” , fake HDR / bloom etc .
I ’m more cautious , and am still experimenting with lighting .
At the moment I ’m experimenting with / happy with using TLM Modular , using just the following mods from it …
TLM – Ambient Light +
Fog Update
TLM – Light Sources ( Clearer Lighting )
TLM – Light Sources ( Lanterns )
TLM – NPC Light Sources
… and a custom .ini file setting …
[ LightAttenuation ] UseConstant=1
ConstantValue=0.382 UseLinear=1
LinearMethod=1
LinearValue=1
LinearRadiusMult=1 UseQuadratic=1
QuadraticMethod=2
QuadraticValue=2.619
QuadraticRadiusMult=1
This gives darker nights , and more atmospheric interior lighting .
These TLM Modular mods work very well with the light mods you ’ve already installed above , which were Light The Way and Illuminated Windows .
I am also experimenting with Spuzzam ’s Interior Daylight and the patch mod for it ( the ‘ TLM – AdjMod – Spuzzum ’s Interior Daylight.esp ’ ) from the TLM Modular pack .
PLACES : Solstheim ( the island in Bloodmoon ) tweaks :
Wanderers of Solstheim .
Just adds some friendly wanderers , whereas before they were all hostile .
Adds variation , and the need for caution unless you want a price on your head .
Sol - Weather Tweak for Bloodmoon ( in Mini- Mods by ManaUser ) .
Makes southern Solstheim get snow now and then .
Better Solsthiem Creatures .
PLACES : Sedya Neen ( the small port you first arrive at ) tweaks :
Sedya Neen docks v.7 .
Adds a proper small docks area to Sedya Neen , thus justifying the customs house and the guards .
Does not conflict with Ships of the Imperial Navy .
Immersive Chargen also boosts the impact of the opening scenes in Sedya Neen , by adding stormy weather and other prisoners in the ship .
Lots of NPCs can reduce your FPS , of course — do n’t try it on an underpowered PC .
PLACES : Mournhold ( the city in Tribunal ) tweaks :
Mournhold Great Bazaar .
Now it really is a Great Bazaar .
Ald Indoril ( adds a new section of Mournhold ) .
PLACES : Vivec ( the large city in Morrowind ) tweaks :
Vivec canton signs .
Just gives each Vivec canton sign its own colour , to make the city more navigable .
Vivec character replacer .
Replaces the textures and meshes for one of the main characters you ’ll eventually meet in Vivec .
Minor plot - spoilers in the description and screenshots .
Other very minor mods :
Water Seraphs adds a new playable race ( I have this simply because another mod , I think it was Water Life , required it ) .
Bones .
Just adds a cool creaking sound to skeletons .
Barabus Fireplaces 2 . Beautiful new roaring fireplaces .
Clocks & Watches 1.25 .
Clocks and watches in the game .
Waterfall .
Adds a small waterfall next to the bridge on the road north from Balmora .
Morrowind Public Library v1.5 .
You do n’t get immediate access to all books , of course .
Vanished from the web at July 2010 , still missing May 2012 : Connary ’s Bull Netch ( Bull Netch.7z ) and Betty Netch ( Betty Netch Retex ( blue ) . 7z ) retextures .
And Connary ’s Cobwebs .
About the official plugins :
At least one of Bethesda ’s official quest plugins , Master Index quest , conflicts badly with the lovely Barabus ’
Orcs mod .
Barabus spent a lot of time getting fabulous
Orc faces and creating new faces for key main - quest Orc characters such as Sharn gra-Muzgob .
Bethesda ’s Master Index quest removes these new Orc faces , and adds rather scrappy hair .
I strongly suggest you install the four official downloadable quest mods ( Firemoth , Adamantium , Master Index , and Helm of Tohan ) only after you ’ve finished the main quests .
Reminder to self , new mods for use with a future re-install and re-mod :
Morrowind Xbox 360 Wired Gamepad mod .
Morrowind Optimization Patch 3.0 .
Conflicts with Vurt ’s tree packs .
TESNexus and Planet Elder Scrolls will supply you with most of what you need .
Be aware that there may be a more up - to - date version of the mod on the author ’s home - page .
You may also be interested in my guide to re-installing Oblivion and my new guide to installing Skyrim on older PCs .
The boy said he felt his face ripping off and fell back to his seat .
" She still had my skin in her hands , and my face was bleeding .
She looked anxious and sent me home , " he said .
The disappearance of an Air France jet en route from Rio de Janeiro to Paris on Sunday evening left seasoned crash investigators with a mystery to plumb and very little data to work with .
The Airbus A330 - 200 , carrying 228 passengers and crew members , is believed to have vanished in a towering thunderstorm with no word from its pilots that they were in crisis .
The plane had beamed out several signals that its electrical systems had malfunctioned and , according to one report , that it had lost cabin pressure .
The signals were sent not as distress calls , however , but as automated reports to Air France ’s maintenance system , and were not read for hours , until air traffic controllers realized that the plane ’s crew had not radioed in on schedule .
As a search for wreckage began over a vast swath of ocean between Brazil and the African coast , experts struggled to offer plausible theories as to how a well - maintained modern jetliner , built to withstand electrical and physical buffeting far greater than nature usually offers , could have gone down so silently and mysteriously .
There were no suggestions on Monday that a bomb , a hijacking or sabotage was to blame .
Whatever of the plane ’s final minutes was recorded in its black box may never be known , because it is presumably at the bottom of the Atlantic .
As is common with trans - ocean flights , it was too far out over the sea to be tracked on land - based radar from Brazil or Senegal .
Whether its location was captured by satellite or other planes ’ radar is not known yet .
The plane , Flight AF 447 , was scheduled to arrive at Charles de Gaulle airport at 11:10 a.m. local time .
Stricken relatives descended on Terminal 2D , where the airline established a crisis center .
A black - robed priest was making his way past hordes of police officers and journalists to comfort relatives of those on the flight .
“ Air France is extremely distraught , and the whole team of Air France is suffering , ” Pierre - Henri Gourgeon , the chief executive of Air France - KLM , told reporters in Paris .
“ We would like to say to the relatives of the victims that we are totally with them and will make every effort to help them . ”
Image Relatives and friends of Air France flight AF447 passengers were sent to Windsor Hotel in Rio de Janeiro on Monday to wait for more information .
Credit ... Bruno Domingos / Reuters
President Nicolas Sarkozy of France said : “ It ’s a tragic accident .
The chances of finding survivors are tiny . ”
There were people of 32 nationalities aboard , including 58 Brazilians , 61 French and 2 Americans , Air France said in a statement based on information from Brazilian authorities .
The flight took off from Rio de Janeiro at 7:30 p.m. local time ( 6:30 p.m. Eastern time ) , and its last verbal communication with air traffic control was three hours later , at 10:33 , according to a statement from Brazil ’s civil aviation agency .
At that time , the flight was at 35,000 feet and traveling at 520 miles per hour .
About a half - hour later , it apparently encountered an electrical storm with “ very heavy turbulence , ” Air France said .
The last communication from it came at 11:14  a series of automatic messages indicating it had suffered an electrical - system malfunction .
The Associated Press reported that it also suffered a loss of cabin pressure .
Brazilian officials said the plane disappeared over the Atlantic somewhere between a point 186 miles northeast of their coastal city Natal and the Cape Verde islands off Africa .
The area is known as the intertropical convergence zone , where the tropics of the Northern and Southern Hemispheres mix , sometimes creating violent and unpredictable thunderstorms that can rise to 55,000 feet , higher than commercial jetliners can go .
Experts were at a loss to explain fatal damage from lightning or a tropical storm , both of which jetliners face routinely , despite efforts to avoid them  as much out of concern for passengers ’ nerves as for the planes ’ safety .
Pilots are trained to go over or around thunderstorms rather than through them .
Brigitte Barrand , an Air France spokeswoman , said the highly experienced pilot had clocked 11,000 flying hours , including 1,100 hours on Airbus 330 jets .
“ A completely unexpected situation occurred on board the aircraft , ” Mr. Gourgeon told France ’s LCI television .
In a nation where most students learning English lag behind other groups by almost every measure , Hylton ’s program stands out for its students ’ high test scores and graduation rates .
However , at this ordinary American high school , in an ordinary American suburb at a time of extraordinary upheaval , those achievements come with considerable costs .
The calm in the hallways belies resentments simmering among students who barely know one another .
They readily label one another “ stupid ” or “ racist . ”
The tensions have at times erupted into walkouts and cafeteria fights , including one in which immigrant students tore an American flag off the wall and black students responded by shouting , “ Go back to your own country ! ”
Hylton ’s faculty has been torn over how to educate its immigrant population .
Some say the students are unfairly coddled and should be forced more quickly into the mainstream .
And even those who support segregating students admit to soul - searching over whether the program serves the school ’s needs at the expense of immigrant students , who are relentlessly drilled and tutored on material that appears on state tests but get rare exposure to the kinds of courses , demands or experiences that might better prepare them to move up in American society .
“ This is hard for us , ” said Carolyn Custard , Hylton ’s principal .
“ I ’m not completely convinced we ’re right .
I do n’t want them to be separated , but at the same time , I want them to succeed . ”
Education officials classify some 5.1 million students in the United States — 1 in 10 of all those enrolled in public schools — as English language learners , a 60 percent increase from 1995 to 2005 .
Researchers give many causes for the gaps between them and other groups .
Perhaps most paradoxical , they say , is that a nation that prides itself on being a melting pot has yet to reach agreement on the best way to teach immigrant students .
In recent years , students learning English have flooded into small towns and suburban school districts that have little experience with international diversity .
Meanwhile , teachers and administrators have come under increasing pressure to meet the requirements of the federal No Child Left Behind Act , which links every school ’s financing and its teachers ’ jobs to student performance on standardized tests .
At yesterday ’s keynote , Scott Forstall discussed many of the cool features in the upcoming iPhone OS 3.0 update , chief among them support for MMS and data tethering .
Support for those 2 technologies , however , are wholly dependant on carrier approval , and noticeably absent from the list of cooperating carriers was AT&T .
AT&T recently stated that MMS support for the iPhone will officially be supported on their network later this summer , even though 29 other carriers worldwide will be adding MMS support immediately .
And as for data tethering , you ’re almost better off not even asking .
AT&T spokesman Mark Siegel recently had this to say about what the future holds for data tethering on the iPhone – “ Typically there ’s a monthly charge associated with that .
We have not announced what that will be . “
Or when it will be for that matter .
Annoyingly , data tethering is already supported by AT&T on a host of other phones , but the iPhone remains the odd man out .
Whats confusing about AT&T ’s sluggishness on the matter is that people are more than willing to pay a few extra bucks a month for data tethering .
So what ’s the hold up ?
Why is AT&T so willing to act in a way that conjures up so much ill - will towards it ?
One possible explanation is that AT&T knows that the iPhone will not be an AT&T exclusive for much longer .
While precise details of AT&T ’s exclusivity contract remain unknown , it is widely believed that it is set to expire at the end of 2009 , opening up the possibility of the iPhone hitting other networks such as Verizon in 2010 .
If AT&T knows that there ’s nothing it can do to keep Apple away from other carriers , then perhaps it has no incentive to do anything to keep iPhone customers happy .
Perhaps it ’d rather not have iPhone users using up their bandwidth with MMS videos and data tethering .
Perhaps its simply trying to make as much money as it can while keeping bandwidth usage as low as possible before the iPhone moves on to greener pastures in just a few months .
Or maybe AT&T is just incompetent and short - sighted .
Take your pick .
So I ’m walking back to the office ( work for Microsoft in Bellevue , WA ) after meeting my wife for a nice dinner out .
And I ’m wearing a black t- shirt that says “ I ’M A PC ” in white letters across my chest .
I ’m half way through crossing the street and a guy runs up to me , whips his arms around , points his two index fingers an inch away from my chest , and then yells loudly : “ I ’m a Mac ! ”
I give him a shoulder shrug and say , “ cool , dude ” while the rest of the crosswalk traffic is trying to ignore what just happened .
We then walk our separate ways .
My first thought was : “ how bizarre . ”
But then that thought was quickly followed by my second thought , which was : “ how normal . ”
Sure , this is ancedotal and an isolated story .
But for being completely random , I ca n’t think of a better story that characterizes my experience with how Mac fans express themselves as compared to PC fans .
Some fans feel the need to yell their stance to your face ( read any Apple fanboy blogs lately ? ) while others feel more comfortable simply wearing a shirt .
Now I ’m wondering if I still want to wear this shirt from time to time .
I think so .
I would n’t want to pass up another chance at a Mac fan proving my point .
* Disclaimer * I work for Microsoft but do own certain Apple products , just how most all of my “ Mac ” friends own Microsoft products .
I personally think the tech world is a better place because of both companies .
But that ’s too long a message to shout to someone ’s face .
Cross-posted to the Microsoft Learning blog .
Joe Sestak and Carolyn Maloney are poised to defy the unambiguous wishes of Obama and challenge incumbent senators of their own party .
| AP photo composite by POLITICO Renegade Dems buck Obama
He ’s riding high in the polls among his fellow Democrats , but President Barack Obama ’s political sway within his own party is about to be tested .
Two House Democrats , Joe Sestak of Pennsylvania and Carolyn Maloney of New York , are poised to defy the unambiguous wishes of Obama and challenge incumbent senators of their own party .
Advertisement
Both indicated to POLITICO that they were likely to run — and would do so regardless of what Obama said .
Sestak , a second - term Philadelphia - area congressman and retired admiral , said he was just over a month away from announcing his intention to challenge Republican - turned - Democrat Sen. Arlen Specter .
“ I understand the very short - term , expedient desire to have the insurance of a 60th vote , ” Sestak said , speaking of the implications of Specter ’s April party switch and why the longtime senator was so quickly embraced by the administration .
But he added of Obama : “ I believe in his heart of hearts , he really wants a real Democrat to win this race , and I think he very much respects that we are pretty independent - minded in Pennsylvania and we should have a choice . ”
Asked directly if a plea from Obama would make any difference , Sestak shook his head and said : “ No . ”
Maloney , a veteran member of Congress who represents much of New York City ’s silk - stocking Upper East Side , dispatched longtime Democratic consultant and her likely chief campaign strategist Joe Trippi to state her intentions about a potential challenge to Sen.
Kirsten Gillibrand ( D - N.Y . ) .
“ She ’s way past all that , ” Trippi said when asked about how Maloney would respond to a request from Obama to stay out of the race .
“ She really believes the people of New York deserve a choice .
She ’s not somebody who ’s going to back down . ”
The two races illustrate the risks for Obama , or any president , in trying to play local kingmaker — namely , the very real possibility that no matter how popular he is , he may not be able bend every contest to his wishes and that by trying to do so , he risks being defied by his own party .
For Obama , there ’s an added irony that is n’t lost on some Democrats — that the ultimate insurgent candidate is now in the incumbent - protection business .
In the case of Sestak and Maloney , Obama may be reaping what he sowed .
While Hillary Clinton was n’t an incumbent in the presidential race , she was the establishment figure who many Democratic elites rallied around early on in the primary .
But the president proved that an insurgent can win and that Democratic primary voters can buck their elected leaders .
The Politico 44 Story Widget Requires Adobe Flash Player
“ Who do they think inspired these people to run ? ” asked Trippi .
“ They started this .
They took on the established order of the party .
If they had listened to the establishment , Obama would n’t be in the White House .
It ’s hard for them to argue with this when they blazed the trail . ”
Also recently , North Carolina Attorney General Roy Cooper , a popular Democrat with rural roots , demurred when Obama urged him to take on first - term Republican Sen.
Richard Burr , according to sources familiar with the recruitment .
Cooper was a top recruit of Sen. Robert Menendez ( D - N.J. ) , who heads the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee , but Cooper decided he just did n’t want to serve in Washington , the sources said .
But in the Gillibrand race , Obama had better luck waving off Rep. Steve Israel ’s threatened primary challenge to Gillibrand .
“ He talked about the importance of party unity and said he was interested in my continued House leadership on energy issues , ” recalled Israel , who wanted it known that Obama ’s “ appeal persuaded me to forgo my own immediate political desires at this time . ”
( One senior Democrat noted that the White House would n’t have put Obama on the phone with Israel without knowing the congressman would bow to his wishes . )
But the president has yet to contact Sestak , and a conversation Vice President Joe Biden recently had with Maloney appears to have had little impact .
Trippi said Maloney , who has already commissioned a poll and begun to sign up staff , would most likely enter the race “ in a matter of days , not weeks , ” though other New York Democrats suggested she was not that close .
Maloney is actively seeking support from fellow Democrats in New York ’s House delegation — a group that does not have much regard for their ambitious former colleague — ahead of a primary she ’ll likely launch from Gillibrand ’s left flank .
The White House is mostly mum about the primary threats from the two House Democrats .
But Menendez , who is in frequent contact with senior Obama officials about the 2010 campaigns , suggested that the duo may ultimately not run .
“ We ’ll see whether or not they get in at the end of the day , ” said Menendez , adding that there was a difference between making noises about a primary challenge and the moment “ when it comes time to go file and get into a race . ”
Sestak said he had traded phone calls with Menendez but had not yet had the opportunity to deliver his prepared response to Obama .
“ ‘ I remember very much what you said at Arizona State University [ in a commencement address last month ] : that the core mission of the office of the president is to ensure that there are opportunities for everyone .
And I know , Mr. President , that you would n’t want , therefore , to foreclose the opportunity for Pennsylvanians to have a choice . ”
Pennsylvania Democratic Party Chairman T.J. Rooney said Sestak most likely would n’t have to fine - tune his spiel because the White House knows a call would n’t sway the independent - minded congressman .
“ I assume the president would take the congressman at his word , ” said Rooney .
Still , some prominent Washington Democrats think an intraparty challenge against Specter — or even the threat of one — is n’t a bad thing .
Organized labor , for example , is closely watching Specter to see where he ultimately comes down on the Employee Free Choice Act , the union organizing bill that is its central priority .
As long as Sestak is looming or even running , the more likely it is Specter will take a position on the legislation that is ultimately agreeable to labor , this thinking goes .
“ It makes Specter a better Democrat , ” political analyst Charlie Cook said .
In New York , Obama ’s intervention is chalked up with a one - word explanation : Chuck .
Sen. Chuck Schumer ( D - N.Y. ) , the former head of the DSCC and a key player in the health care debate , has taken Gillibrand under his wing , and he pleaded directly to White House chief of staff Rahm Emanuel and other senior Obama officials to help forestall a Senate primary a week before the president called Israel .
A longtime New York Democrat said the Obama White House was weighing in so as only to please a crucial ally .
“ Now they can say , ‘ A - ha , see Chuck ?
We tried , ’ ” observed this Democrat .
But Obama ’s move , while offering Israel cover , has rankled some veteran Empire State Democrats .
“ You know , I was really surprised that [ the president ] got involved in the state race .
Once you open the door to start making these decisions within the party — I could give him a list of states that I have preferences on and ask him to get involved in .
I think it ’s bad public policy for a president to do that , ” House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Charles Rangel said last week in an interview on the news station NY1 .
Another senior New York House Democrat complained to POLITICO that Obama was opening “ a Pandora ’s box ” by weighing in on the race .
“ I think that once you open it , it ’s hard to shut the lid , ” the Democrat said .
“ Once you start engaging at that level , where do you stop ? ”
I ’m coming up on my sixth year of blogging , and I still enjoy my little hobby today , just as much as I did when I started six years ago .
Possibly even more , because through blogging I ’ve had the pleasure to meet so many amazing , intelligent and thoughtful women who share some of the same interests as I do .
The big one , of course , being reading romance novels .
And talking about romance novels .
Going on and on and on about romance novels .
The first blogger I met , live and in person , was Rosie , who happens to live in roughly the same geographic area that I do .
We met at a local used bookstore , did some shopping , then had a nice , long lunch where we discussed , what else ? , romance novels .
We ’ve spent a fair amount of time together “ in person ” since then .
We ’ve had countless chats .
But she did say something to me once that has really gotten stuck in my head … .
She called me an idiot savant of romance novels .
I ’m one of those people , that once I read a book , I can at least recall some details about it .
Depending on how much I loved or loathed the book , I can generally recall quite a bit of detail about it .
I ca n’t recite the whole book verbatim .
For example , I ’m terrible with character names , even for books that are in my treasured keeper collection .
I also wo n’t remember every single plot point or character trait .
I tend to recall the highlights , or the “ big issues ” that stuck in my mind while reading the story .
I also can always tell you if I ’ve at least read the book .
Some readers inadvertently buy duplicate copies of books they ’ve read before or check a book out from the library , read the first 50 pages and realize , “ Hey , I ’ve read this before ! ”
Yeah , with me ?
That never happens .
There are instances where the book in question was merely an “ average ” read , and because I did n’t have a strong reaction to it ( I did n’t love it or hate it ) , I might not recall a single thing about the book .
Nothing .
But I will remember , at the very least , that I did in fact read it .
I know I read it – even if all the finer details have since flown out of my head .
If you ’re on the fence about starting your own blog , take a look at the Blog Starter ’s guide to creating a blog and see if it ’s something that catches your fancy .
New body part find is right leg
The latest find was made near the northbound carriageway of the A10 Police investigating the discovery of human body parts in two counties have confirmed a right leg has been found .
Hertfordshire Police were called at about 1245 BST on Tuesday after a member of the public found the leg near a lay - by on the A10 Puckeridge bypass .
The latest find came after a man 's head was found in a Leicestershire field and a forearm and left leg from the same body were found in Hertfordshire .
Police said the right leg was " highly likely " to be from the same victim .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The left leg was found in a field near the A507 at Cottered on 22 March and the forearm was discovered in nearby Wheathampstead a week later .
The head was found on 31 March near a cemetery in Hoby Road , Asfordby .
Tests " forensically linked " the head with the forearm and left leg .
During a press conference at Stevenage police station , Det Ch Insp Michael Hanlon said the right leg was discovered in a bag and was placed about 20 ft ( 6 m ) back from the lay - by in a wooded area .
He said : " In relation to the ongoing murder inquiry this body part has not yet been forensically linked although tests are being carried out to determine any link .
" Due to the rarity of such cases it is highly likely to belong to the same victim . "
He said a post - mortem examination had been carried out on the right leg but detectives were still waiting for the results .
Det Ch Insp Hanlon also revealed further details about the victim 's appearance .
He said the man is believed to have suffered from a form of fungal infection to his toenails and said it left his small toenails " discoloured and thickened " and said they curled under .
He added : " The victim had two front teeth missing .
They are the front right tooth and the tooth to the immediate right of that .
" They are believed to have been missing for several years . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Reddit Email 0 Shares
A correspondent in Iran sent along these thoughts , written as Khamenei was speaking on Friday :
“ Rough notes … The event is like the old Red Square May Day parades .
We look to see who is there , and who is not .
Dr. A , Larajani , Haddad Adel , the top leadership is all there .
Karrobi and Mousavi are not … but Rezaei is , sitting in the back of the VIP section .
Supreme Leader emphasizes that difference in opinion , difference in program between candidates is normal , natural .
But beware , for months the enemy had been laying the groundwork to label these elections a fraud .
These elections which , with the exception of the vote for the Islamic Republic in Spring of 1979 , were without rival .
Iran represents a third way , between dictatorships and the false democracies of the rest of the world .
He speaks of the violence , it is clear that they are laying the groundwork for a crackdown .
Chaos has to be stopped .
The way of the law , rah-e qanun .
There are laws and we cannot allow the killing or violence to continue , either by basijis or opposition ( throughout the speech he condemns the mistakes of both sides , but as I will soon make clear , comes down in favor of one side ) .
Supreme Leader names Nouri and Rafsanjani by name , a remarkable act by his own admission .
He lauds the long record of service of both men to the country , says that he has known Rafsanjani 52 years .
Leader says while there is corruption in Iran , how can anyone say that Raf. is corrupt ?
Stands up for him .
This is clearly a slap on the wrist to the current president , for what Dr. A[hmadinejad ] said about Nouri and Rafsanjani during the debates .
It is not Iranian , not appropriate for such ugliness to penetrate politics .
Good words were spoken during the debates , but unfortunately nastiness and un-Islamic comments were made and we need to be careful …
Mousavi , Karrobi , and Rezaei were described by their previous post and experiences , they were all defended by the Leader as good men devoted to the I[ slamic ] R[epublic of ] I [ran ] .
They are almost incidental , it is so so clear that this is a grudge match , beef , between Hashemi and Dr. A .
The Leader himself said as much , saying that there has been a difference in opinion between the two men stretching back to 2005 .
Then came the kicker , the turning point , one sentence followed by a great cheer from the audience :
There is a difference in opinion between the two , and my opinion ( or preference ) is closer to the president than Rafsanjani .
The Leader made his choice clear .
The green light has been given to the basij to , excuse my language , to kick ass , chew gum , and take names .
A particularly juicy twist , turning night into day and a shot at the U.S. and the 2000 elections , says that you can say that cheating occurs when the difference in the votes is close , 100,000 or 500,000 , or 1 million .
But 11 million ?
How can that be cheating ?
But we have a process , we will count the votes with the representatives of the candidates present , the Guardian Council will fulfill its obligation .
More night - into - day - ism : Says that there are winners and losers in elections , and for the losers to now want the “ rules ” to be changed or modified is wrong .
Qanun , qanun , qanun .
Law , law , law .
It ’s unnerving the emphasis on the need for law and order .
By the end , and uncharacteristically , the Leader , gets hot …folks here and there interrupt his speech and he tells them to listen .
When talking about U.S. and the west and the efforts of a certain American Zionist to launch a velvet revolution in Georgia , he says that these “ aqmaqha ” or idiots think that they can do the same in Iran … to use such language is really shocking in the Iranian context .
Bizarre ending , ends in weeping , because the Leader says that I love you more than you know …
Overall , it does not look good , worse than it ever was … “
End / ( Not Continued )
Over the past three months , the NRSC spent nearly $ 1 M to pay Norm Coleman 's legal bills and more .
Coleman : the GOP 's million - dollar man
Republicans know they ’ll need every last dollar in next year ’s campaign if they want to keep Democrats from topping 60 seats in the Senate .
So with potentially better Senate investments on the horizon , is it worth continuing to pour money into Norm Coleman ’s long - shot Senate campaign if the race keeps going on and on ?
Advertisement
GOP senators , the Republican National Committee and the National Republican Senatorial Committee insist that the Coleman challenge has been worth the money — for now .
Over the past three months , the NRSC spent nearly $ 1 million to pay his legal bills , and since Election Day , Republican senators and the RNC have pumped in hundreds of thousands of dollars more .
Last Thursday , the Federal Election Commission opened the door for Coleman to use campaign cash to defend himself in two lawsuits unrelated to the current recount battle — putting the former senator in the position of asking his GOP donors to pick up more of his hefty legal tab .
Coleman ’s legal challenge has reached the Minnesota Supreme Court , but many legal experts believe that the court ’s decision — expected any day — will affirm that Franken won last November ’s election .
If that happens , Coleman will have a choice : concede and allow Al Franken to become the 60th Democratic senator or take his court fight to the federal level , a move that would almost certainly force the GOP to reach deeper into its pockets to keep fighting a 2008 race while every other campaign committee has moved on exclusively to 2010 fundraising .
And 2010 has n’t yet emerged as a particularly smooth ride for the Republican Party .
The GOP has 18 seats to defend , including five retirements , and the party continues to suffer from dismal approval ratings .
Two of the party ’s rising stars — Sen. John Ensign of Nevada and South Carolina Gov. Mark Sanford — have been laid low by sex scandals , further harming the party ’s national image .
By continuing to support Coleman ’s bleak chances ahead of a bruising election year , Democrats gleefully think that the GOP is wasting precious 2010 resources .
“ Given the 2010 map , sooner or later Republican incumbents will question the strategy of sending $ 1 million to a race they lost seven months ago , ” said Eric Schultz , spokesman for the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee .
“ It ’s gone on too long , ” added Rep. Collin Peterson ( D - Minn . ) .
“ I have a Republican district — and they ’re tired of it . ”
But Sen. John Cornyn ( R - Texas ) , chairman of the National Republican Senatorial Committee , insists the Coleman challenge is money well - spent , and it wo n’t hurt his 2010 coffers .
“ I do n’t think it ’s a factor on 2010 , ” Cornyn told POLITICO .
“ Norm has been raising a bunch of his own money , and the RNC and the NRSC [ have ] been helping some too . ”
Of course , Cornyn and the GOP may not have to pay out much more for Coleman .
There is an increasing expectation within GOP circles in Washington and Minnesota that Coleman is going to call it quits if he loses before the state Supreme Court , even though sources in Coleman ’s camp insist he wo n’t make up his mind until he sees the court ’s decision .
Democrats have so far put less money into the Minnesota recount .
Since Election Day , the DSCC has raised $ 282,000 for Franken , compared with about $ 441,000 the NRSC raised for Coleman .
And the NRSC spent more than $ 996,000 in legal bills in April , May and June , including a $ 300,000 check it cut for the recount fund in May .
The NRSC has been helped , too , by the RNC , which gave the senatorial committee an additional $ 1 million last month .
Cornyn , who views the race as his first battle since assuming the NRSC chairmanship after the November elections , has the backing of GOP senators who have helped contribute $ 336,000 to Coleman ’s effort since Election Day , according to FEC reports .
“ If you say ‘ Well , you can pick up a seat in Minnesota for an extra million dollars ’ — that ’s a real bargain , ” said Sen. Bob Bennett ( R - Utah ) , who is up for reelection in 2010 .
Sen. Lindsey Graham ( R - S.C. ) said he had no qualms donating money to Coleman ’s cause — and he says he ’ll keep backing Coleman even if he takes the case to either the U.S. Supreme Court or federal district court .
“ I ’m going to back Norm whatever he does , ” Graham said .
“ It ’s a great American tradition if you got one sailor lost in the sea , you send the entire Navy to go find him , ” said Sen. Lamar Alexander ( R - Tenn . ) , the chairman of the Senate Republican Conference .
“ So we ’re making a special effort to try to make sure every vote is counted and that if Norm Coleman has a chance to win , that he ’s back here in the Senate . ”
Including the recount , the entire race has cost an estimated $ 50 million , including at least $ 13 million since Election Day .
And both Franken and Coleman have raised money frantically to ensure their legal bills are paid .
But even as he pushes his recount challenge into its eighth month , Coleman faces other sticky legal problems unrelated to his election .
He ’s monitoring two lawsuits alleging that a longtime associate , Nasser Kazeminy , improperly steered some $ 100,000 to Coleman through his wife ’s place of employment .
Coleman has denied any wrongdoing , calling the suits politically motivated — and senators who have donated to Coleman ’s cause do n’t seem to have an issue with him spending money to deal with those legal bills , as well .
“ I do n’t have a problem with it — I think it ’s all related back to the campaign , ” said South Dakota Sen .
John Thune , No. 4 in the Republican leadership , who gave Coleman $ 5,000 earlier this year .
“ It ’s part of the campaign that was leveled against him last fall , all of which I think was drummed up and hyped , which I think , when the facts come out , will be completely refuted . ”
Sen. Bob Corker ( R - Tenn . ) , who donated $ 5,000 to Coleman ’s cause in February , said Coleman “ should have the freedom within the context of our contribution to do those things he feels are necessary . ”
Abby Phillip contributed to this story .
What happens next in Iran ?
My pace on commenting on Iran has been about as sluggish as CNN’s .
By my rough estimate , I ’m now approximately 4,567 posts behind Andrew Sullivan on the Iran election .
Let ’s try to get back in the game !
In this post I want to look at what ’s likely to happen in Iran ; the next post will look at what the Obama administration ’s response .
OK , so , Iran .
There are protests , riots , and Twitters galore — will it amount to regime change ?
Alas , I think the answer is no .
I do n’t want this to be the answer .
No matter how I slice the data , however , I get to that outcome .
Let ’s stiputlate that the election results were rigged .
Here ’s the question — why were they so blatant about it ?
The speed and skewness of the " official " results seemed design to trigger disbelief .
Was that intentional ?
Hey , you know what , I think it was .
University of Chicago political scientist Alberto Simpser has written about why authoritarian leaders like Khamenei would engage in electoral corruption ( .pdf ) .
The answer is not pretty :
[ A ] n overwhelming victory today can send a powerful signal to the citizenry tomorrow – a large margin of victory can deter opposition turnout , discourage opposition coordination ( e.g. when the opposition is fragmented into a number of parties ) , and increase the winner ’s bargaining power with respect to electorally important social actors by rendering it less likely that they are pivotal in a winning coalition .
I suspect that this was the intent in Iran .
The question is whether it will work .
Khamenei has backtracked a little from his endorsment of Ahmadinejad as the winner , and now wants the Guardian Council to investigate allegations of election fraud .
I suspect this is an effort to play for time , however , in order to get his security apparatus prepped for a more brutal crackdown .
Twice in the past 10 years ( 1999 and 2003 ) , this regime has been perfectly willing to crack down on reformist groups to secure its hold on power .
I see no reason for Khamenei to hold back this time around .
In other words , unless Iran ’s security apparatus starts to split , I do n’t see how this ends in any outcome other than Khamenei staying in power .
What does this mean for the rest of the world ?
On to the next post !
According to several news sources , Russian yacht owners will begin offering " pirate hunting " vacations to those interested in wielding AK - 47's and shooting at pirates off the coast of Somalia .
Tickets aboard the ocean liners , which will cruise at about five miles per hour in an attempt to attract pirates , will cost about US $ 5,000 , and renting AK - 47's with 100 rounds of ammunition for $ 17.50 each day .
The ships will be protected from pirates by private security guards made up of ex-special forces troops .
Not everyone is unfazed by this ridiculous , horrible idea .
Russian yachtsman Vladimir Mironov says , " They are worse than the pirates .
At least the pirates have the decency to take hostages ; these people are just paying to commit murder . "
Quadriplegic former Marine Joshua Hoffman waited in a van at Michigan 's Adventure , hoping to see fiancee Heather Lovell in the park for an hour or two .
Her father , Rockford resident Joel Lovell , explained to park staff that Hoffman is paralyzed and cannot talk .
He assumed Hoffman would be admitted free .
But Lovell was told he would have to pay admission for Hoffman and the nurse tending to his medical needs .
No exceptions .
" He went to Iraq for all of us and took a bullet in the neck .
He sacrificed everything for his country , " Joel Lovell said .
" I was just kind of stunned . "
According to Heather Lovell , she and Hoffman planned to rendezvous from their home near Middleville on May 29 at the Muskegon County park , before heading to Reed City for the high school graduation of Hoffman 's stepbrother .
Lovell had gone ahead to act as chaperone for a niece and others on a school outing .
Joel Lovell picked up Hoffman and his nurse and headed for the park .
But Heather Lovell said she got a call from her father telling her to come to the park entrance .
" It was really just outrageous , " she said .
" He is not physically going on any rides .
To me , this is very personal . "
Hoffman , 27 , was paralyzed from the chest down when he was hit by a sniper 's bullet in Iraq in January 2007 .
He spent more than a year in a Virginia Veterans Administration hospital before coming home in March 2008 .
He and Lovell , 22 , share a specially equipped house with 24 - hour nursing staff to assist Hoffman .
Camille Jourden - Mark , general manager of Michigan 's Adventure , said park policy does not allow any non-participants in free .
" We just ca n't be in a position of picking and choosing .
We have grandparents ( who pay admission ) that come in our park every day that have no intention of ever going on a ride .
" It 's not based on the level of participation . "
On Tuesday , Jourden - Mark offered complementary passes for Hoffman and a guest to Michigan 's Adventure in response to the issue .
Lovell said she has not decided whether she and Hoffman will use the passes .
" You want to be appreciative of it , but it took a lot of people complaining to them to realize what kind of mistake they had made , " Lovell said .
" We were n't looking for a free trip .
It 's just a problem with the policy . "
Jourden - Mark said company policy is meant to shield employees from accusations of discrimination , but added " there are times when we make exceptions and this is definitely one of those times . "
She noted the park offers one free admission with a paid admission for service members each Memorial Day .
Jourden - Mark said park staff were unaware of Hoffman 's condition .
" I do n't think anybody was really aware that he was a veteran . "
That 's not what Joel Lovell , 54 , recalled .
" I told ( a park official ) it is really a crummy policy .
I explained that he is an Iraq veteran .
He got shot in the neck and can't eat or talk .
I thought they were joking . "
Lovell said he initially was told he would have to pay the adult admission fee of $ 25 each for Hoffman and the nurse , then was offered a student discount .
Heather Lovell 's sister , Belding resident Rebecca Lovell , said she contacted the park Friday to complain .
" I explained the extent of his injuries , that he was simply going for an hour or two .
" ( A park official ) said there was no proof of his injury .
He could be faking it .
She said if we let him come in for free , then we have to change our policy . "
" I was absolutely blown away . "
-- Press reporter Jacob Carpenter contributed to this story .
Email your representatives to support AB 390
and sign up for the Action E - List
WASHINGTON  Maurice R. Greenberg , the former chairman of the American International Group , said Thursday that the government ’s $ 170 billion bailout had failed and that taxpayers would have been better off letting the company go bankrupt .
“ It is clear that the current approach has not worked and cannot work in today ’s environment , ” Mr. Greenberg , who was ousted from A.I.G. in 2005 , told the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee .
“ A.I.G. , in my judgment , in the current plan , will not pay the taxpayers back . ”
Refusing to accept any personal blame for his former company ’s collapse , Mr. Greenberg insisted that A.I.G. ’s problems stemmed from mismanagement after he left and that the Treasury and Federal Reserve had made things worse by trying to break the business up and sell it off in pieces .
He also disputed the statements of both the Treasury secretary , Timothy F. Geithner , and the chairman of the Federal Reserve , Ben S. Bernanke , that letting the company go bankrupt would wreak further havoc with the economy .
Paul Baribeau - I Miss that Band
Paul in Gainesville .
It 's been a while since we had any paul footage here .
Hopefully we can get him to come up to new york soon and record a pink couch .
Thanks to Jeff L for the video .
Smith said : " If you 're one who believes abortion is murder , at what point do you go out and kill one who performs abortions ?
...
If you 're one who believes these types of things about the president of the United States - and I could read a hundred like this , I mean , from today .
People who are so amped up and so angry for reasons that are absolutely wrong , ridiculous , preposterous .
...
Hate that is not based in fact , and it 's ginning itself up .
But more and more people are taking the extra step and taking the gun out . "
Send files direct to other users ( P2P ) using your browser
High Speed
Privacy
Your files are sent the shortest way - directly between the recipient and you .
There are no intermediate servers slowing down the process .
Try FilesOverMiles and send files between your home computers to see how fast it is !
Archaeologists preparing for the expansion of a Tucson wastewater treatment facility have discovered the remains of the earliest known irrigation system in the Southwest , a farming community that dates to at least 1200 BC .
That predates the well - known and much more sophisticated Hohokam tribe ’s canal system , which crisscrossed what is now Phoenix , by 1,200 years .
The find suggests that the people who inhabited the region began with relatively simple irrigation systems and built up to more complex projects as the climate became hotter and drier .
“ These are not the earliest canals known in southern Arizona , but they are the most extensive and sophisticated engineering [ from the period ] that we have identified to date , ” said archaeologist James M. Vint of Desert Archaeology Inc. in Tucson .
The site , called Las Capas , or “ The Layers , ” sits at the confluence of Canada del Oro , Rillito Creek and the Santa Cruz River .
The name derives from the repeated layers of silt that buried the site until nothing was visible from the surface .
Advertisement
Researchers already knew that the site had been inhabited during what is known as the San Pedro phase of the Early Agriculture Period in the Southwest .
Earlier work at the plant had revealed traces of pit houses , fire pits and ditches .
What is believed to be the main dwelling is now buried under the adjacent Interstate 10 .
Vint led a team of 30 archaeologists who explored the site in compliance with state laws before a planned expansion of the Ina Road facility .
“ We put in a mile and a half of backhoe trenches and did archaeology in all those trenches , ” he said in a telephone interview .
“ That tells us this is a very expansive site . ”
They identified two main canals bringing water from the Santa Cruz River and feeding it into eight distribution canals , all now buried 3 to 7 feet .
The system could have irrigated 60 to 100 acres , he estimated .
The primary crops were maize , which was introduced into the area before 2100 BC , and an herb known as amaranth .
Vint estimated that the village at the site supported 80 to 150 people .
Their cultural identity is unknown , although they probably originated in Mexico and moved across what is now the border .
Pottery was not yet produced in the region , but Vint ’s team found stone and cutting tools , grinding stones , antler pieces for making stone tools , and awls for basketry .
Advertisement
“ We ca n’t say anything about their culture , ” said archaeologist Stephanie Whittlesey of SWCA Environmental Consultants in Tucson , who was not involved in the research .
“ They had no writing and no recorded documents , so the only thing we have to go on is what they left behind , which is n’t a lot . ”
The evidence indicates that the region suffered a huge flood about 800 BC , which buried the canal system .
“ There is some evidence that they tried getting it going again , but apparently that did n’t work , ” Vint said .
They cleaned out some sections , “ but they never brought it back to full scale . ”
Vint is not sure what happened to the inhabitants , but most likely , he said , they simply moved upriver to other villages .
--
Advertisement
thomas.maugh@latimes.com
... to explore the dark and often gruesome origins of many of these tales in the original Brothers Grimm stories
Credit : DINA GOLDSTEIN
GPU Programming For The Rest Of Us
Page 1 of 2
One step closer to the " - gpu " option
I 'm sure by now everyone has heard that you can run real code on GPU 's ( Graphical Processing Units ) .
GPUs are the graphics card in your desktop or even the graphic engines running your game consoles at home ( never at work - right ? ) .
The potential performance improvement for codes or algorithms that can take advantage of the GPU 's programming model and do most of their computation on the GPU is enormous .
There are cases of over a 100X performance improvement for some codes running on GPUs relative to CPUs .
But there are some limitations to using GPUs for computation .
One of the critical limitations is that you have to take your code and rewrite it for the GPU as in the case of Brook + from AMD or OpenCL from the Kronos Group .
Alternatively , you may have to " adapt " your C code to use some extra functions and data types ( extensions ) in the case of CUDA from NVIDIA .
Unfortunately , you just can't take your existing code with a compiler and use a compile option such as " - gpu " to magically build code for the GPU ... or can you ?
Writing Code for GPUs
I 'm not sure how many people have written code or tried to write code for GPUs ( I will use GPU in place of GP - GPUs because it 's easier on my carpal tunnel symptoms ) , but in general it 's not as easy as it appears .
If you are porting your application to GPUs then you have to take your code , understand the algorithms reasonably well , and then determine places where you think GPUs will shine .
Then you have to either ( 1 ) rewrite the entire code , or ( 2 ) rewrite targeted portions of the code , or ( 3 ) port the desired portions of the code to a new language .
For newly written code , you can take your algorithm and frame it into a SIMD ( Single Instruction , Multiple Data ) context , and then write code .
For old code , written lan before GPUs , or new code , writing for GPUs it 's not easy .
Let 's take a look at what tools are available for writing GPU code .
If you want to get really hard core you can actually write GPU code using OpenGL .
It is an API ( Application Programming Interface ) , or language if you will , that allows you to write applications that run on GPUs .
Originally OpenGL was designed to be used for writing 2D and 3D computer graphics applications .
But people have discovered that you can use it to run general programs that are n't necessarily graphically oriented .
But you have to be able to " code " in OpenGL and write your algorithms using it .
There are some simple tools that can help you get started , but in general , you have to think in graphical concepts such as textures , shaders , etc. , and be able to express your algorithm in terms of these concepts using OpenGL .
I like to think of this as the " Assembler Language approach " to coding for GPUs .
That is , you are down in the low level bowels of the language and the hardware to effectively write and run code on GPUs .
In addition , such low - level approaches can limit the portability of the code from one platform to another .
While it is still very difficult for non-graphical programmers to write OpenGL code or for OpenGL coders to think about non-graphical algorithms , there are some success stories of applications .
You can try this link or this link to read about some successful OpenGL applications that people have written .
Fairly early on people realized that GPUs , while showing huge potential , were not going to have widespread adoption given that they were so difficult to write code for .
So higher level languages were developed .
There is a whole laundry list of languages and I wo n't go over them here .
But here is list of the higher level languages and libraries that people are using or have used to write code for GPUs :
For all of these languages and libraries , you will need to rewrite or port your application .
The degree of severity varies depending upon the specific option .
Arguably , CUDA is one of the easiest because you can take existing C code and add GPU code to it along with some data passing function calls to move data to / from the host CPU to the GPU .
On the other hand , languages and libraries such as BrookGPU , Brook + , and even OpenCL , will require you to rewrite much of your application .
However , the developers have tried to make it as close as possible to C.
Some languages and libraries are available under various open - source licenses .
Others are freely available but are not open - source .
Then there are others that are commercial products .
Regardless of the language or package chosen , the amount of work that goes into porting or rewriting varies .
I view all of the previously mentioned languages as something like Assembler +.
That is , a step above something like Assembler , but not nearly the same as C , C++ , or Fortran .
What developers really want is to continue to use their current development tools for developing for GPUs .
They do n't want to have to rewrite codes or learn new languages .
They may adapt their codes somewhat , perhaps a small amount .
But overall they just want to build codes for GPUs using their existing development tools and existing code base ( as much as possible ) .
The Evolution of GPU Tools and Developers
Developers are looking for something easy or automatic that helps them run their code on GPUs .
This is what I 've been referring to as the magic " - gpu " option .
The idea is that the compiler is all - seeing and all - knowing so that it can inspect your code , find the parts that look SIMD appropriate code , and create a CPU / GPU binary .
I think people also want to be able to eat anything they want without gaining weight or endangering their health ( at least that 's my dream ) .
But the point is that this is an almost impossible dream .
However , we can move down the path in that direction .
This situation is not without precedence .
If you 've been around a few years you may remember the rise of the vector processor .
At first the developers had to deal with trying to rewrite their codes to utilize vector processors .
At the same time , the compiler vendors had modified their compilers to help developers recognize opportunities for vectorization as well as create good vectorized code .
Over time , developers got better at writing vector code and the compilers became better at recognizing vector opportunities and generating really good vector code .
The results after several years were really good developers who , on average , pretty well understood how to write vector code and were armed with good compilers that could recognize vector code opportunities and generate very good vector code .
In addition the compilers produced good enough performing code that developers did not have to resort to assembler codes that they first used to achieve a good portion of the potential performance .
It took several iterations between developers and compiler creators to get to the end result .
A better review of the history of vector compilers was written by Michael Wolfe from PGI ( The Portland Group ) at this Linux Journal .
In many ways we are following the same steps of vector processors with GPUs .
We are at the beginning of the cycle where we were with vector compilers and code development .
We have some early tools for developing codes for GPUs and developers are just starting to develop and , more importantly , understanding how to develop codes for GPUs .
But recently , the next step in the evolution of tools ( compilers ) for GPUs was recently taken by The Portland Group .
PGI 8.0 Technology Preview
The Portland Group recently announced that they will have a technology preview version of their new 8.0 compilers .
The preview will be given to a restricted group of testers initially and then expand to other developers over time .
The first customers should see the preview in early 2009 .
So what is so special about this announcement from The Portland Group ?
I 'm glad you have asked :)
What PGI has done is to add Pragmas or compiler directives to their compilers .
These pragmas allow the compiler to analyze the code and generate GPU code that is then sent to the NVIDIA compiler ( the Cuda compiler is part of the freely available CUDA software ) .
The PGI compiler continues to compile the CPU based code and link it to CUDA built GPU binary .
Then you execute the resulting combination .
Since we 're all geeks here ( well , at least I am ) , let 's look at some details at how you code GPUs now and what PGI 's announcement does for us .
Just like that , your Mac is a powerful server .
macOS
Server brings even more power to your business , home office , or school .
Designed to work with macOS and iOS , macOS Server makes it easy to configure Mac and iOS devices .
It ’s also remarkably simple to install , set up , and manage .
Add macOS Server to your Mac from the Mac App Store for just $ 19.99 .
Cameron Diaz always struck me as sensible .
Maybe because she never joined Scientology , or married anyone patently ridiculous , despite toiling for a decade and a half at the coalface of Hollywood A - listiness .
Maybe because she gives a damn fine impression of not taking herself too seriously .
Last week , Diaz proved herself especially sensible .
I 'll go further .
She was wise , insightful , right .
The actress told Cosmopolitan magazine that being a woman and admitting you did n't want children is taboo .
" I think women are afraid to say that they do n't want children because they 're going to get shunned ...
I have more girlfriends who do n't have kids than those that do .
And honestly ?
We do n't need any more kids .
We have plenty of people on this planet . "
Diaz , who is 36 , did n't go as far as to say that she definitely does not want children .
But to be openly , loudly undecided on the issue - at the point when her biological clock should be ticking so loudly that she can hardly sleep , eat or think about anything else - is to be brave enough , frankly .
It 's an admission that invites suspicion and pity .
To be a thirtysomething woman in 2009 and not want a child so desperately that you think you might die is simply not allowed .
In February , I wrote a column for Observer Woman about not wanting children .
I am 37 , nearly a year to the day older than Diaz and I just do n't .
I never have .
Unlike Diaz , I did not know that voluntary childlessness is an unacceptable crime to cop to .
I thought I was merely expressing an opinion .
I thought that people who want - or have - children , would accept that I do not , just as I accept their choice .
After all , it 's my ( notional ) babies I am rejecting , not theirs .
I was wrong .
I stated my case .
I listed my reasons , even though it annoys me that the child - free have to justify their status .
No one ever asks a parent why they have kids .
But I explained that I like my life as it is , my lifestyle , my career .
I explained that I had felt this way for 30 years - and that even though all the things that were supposed to change my mind ( love , a long - term relationship , pressure from breeding contemporaries ) had happened to me , I remain resolutely childless .
I explained that I like the potential of my childless existence : to travel , sleep , read , drink , watch HBO box sets , have feckless fun .
I talked about how difficult it is to be child - free , when popular culture fetishises parenthood in general and motherhood in particular .
When the dramatic arc of all TV dramas , of all rom-coms , is dependent on someone becoming pregnant and finding true happiness as a consequence .
Babies are the newest archetype on the happy ending , therefore not wanting them is tantamount to not wanting to be happy .
I talked about how weird it is to be disconnected from this baby - crazy culture .
Like being sober while everyone else is drunk .
I talked about how strange it is to not even care whether or not I 'm infertile , when apparently it 's all anyone else thinks about .
Was I antagonistic ?
Possibly .
I tried not to be , but I am passionate about this .
I was certainly a bit sensational , a bit flippant .
The headline referred to the rise of the " dummy mummy " generation - an inflammatory turn of phrase .
The reaction to the piece was terrifying .
Emails and letters arrived , condemning me , expressing disgust .
I was denounced as bitter , selfish , un- sisterly , unnatural , evil .
I 'm now routinely referred to as " baby - hating journalist Polly Vernon " .
So yes , Cameron Diaz , I can tell you from experience that you are right .
Admit that you do n't ache for children with every fibre of your being and you will be shunned .
Shunning 's the tip of the iceberg .
I wish I 'd been shunned .
Shunning would have been blissful , relatively .
The furore 's blown over ; my childlessness endures .
I 've registered a gender split in the way people respond to it , if it comes up socially .
Women might think I 'm in denial , but they let me get on with it now .
Men , meanwhile , are astounded .
Flummoxed .
They become aggressive , sneering .
They psychoanalyse me , they try to work out what 's wrong with me .
Who knows why ?
Perhaps they feel rejected .
Perhaps the idea that there are women at large who are not actively pursuing their sperm is an out - and - out affront to a certain kind of man .
The same men who have spent years believing that all women secretly want to trap them into commitment and fatherhood , probably .
For whatever reason , I 've been pulled up on my wanton childless status , loudly and at length , by three different men , in three different pubs , over the course of the last fortnight alone .
Here 's the thing : we need to stop pretending that childlessness is n't happening to us .
It is .
The birth rate in Europe is in steep decline .
We know this .
We know that , currently , 40 % of UK university graduates aged 35 are childless and that at least 30 % will stay that way permanently .
We know that much of this childlessness is involuntary or , at least , unconsidered , the consequence of infertility , a lack of opportunity or leaving it too late .
But some of it will be like mine - cherished , rigorously maintained , valued .
For everyone 's sake , it 's good to have that sort of a blueprint on a life without children .
Childlessness is going to be a feature in many of our lives ; we need to start seeing it as a choice , a valid option , rather than a failing .
We certainly need it not to be taboo .
We need to stop making the voluntarily childless feel like they have a guilty secret .
We need to stop shunning or vilifying the likes of me ( in this instance , at least ) , and , much more importantly , Cameron Diaz and her mates .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The UK has told an Iranian diplomat that Ayatollah Khamenei 's description of the British government as " evil " is unacceptable .
UK officials had summoned Iran 's ambassador , Rasul Movaheddian , to the Foreign Office to lodge a protest .
But they were told he was unavailable and Iran sent its charge d'affaires , a more junior official , in his place .
The row was sparked by Ayatollah Khamenei saying the UK was the " most evil " of Western governments .
A Foreign Office spokesman said : " We made clear to the Iranian charge that the supreme leader 's comments were unacceptable and not based in fact .
In the ambassador 's absence , the charge was called in . "
Shift of position
The meeting at the Foreign Office is understood to have lasted less than 20 minutes .
The BBC News website world affairs correspondent , Paul Reynolds , says the decision to summon senior Iranian diplomats represents a shift of position by the British government which up until now had wanted to avoid getting involved in public arguments with Iran .
IRAN ANALYSIS By Paul Reynolds
World affairs correspondent Britain is traditionally regarded by the hardliners in Iran as an enemy of Iran .
This goes back to 1953 when Britain and the US engineered a coup against the elected government of Mohammed Mossadeq to retain control of Iran 's oil .
The US became the main Iranian target after the fall of the Shah but Britain appears to have been singled out now largely because of the recently launched TV channel BBC Persian , which the British Foreign Office has helped to fund .
When the British ambassador in Tehran was called in earlier in the week , the main Iranian complaint was about BBC coverage .
Ayatollah Khamenei's attack has forced the British government to change its policy of keeping a low profile .
Previously , in a policy also adopted by the United States , it wanted to avoid any public row with Iran .
It felt that any critical comment it might make about the election ( which it believes was rigged ) would give the Iranian government an excuse to accuse the UK and US especially of meddling .
This has now happened anyway .
He added : " The line had been that it wanted to avoid giving the Iranians any reason to blame Britain for interfering .
The US government has taken a similar view .
" However , Ayatollah Khamenei 's description of Britain as the most ' evil ' of foreign governments was a step too far . "
British diplomats are thought to believe Britain is being used as " proxy " for the United States , because Iran does not want to endanger its improving relations with America .
In his first public remarks after days of demonstrations , Ayatollah Khamenei issued a stern warning that protests against the country 's disputed presidential election results must end .
In his address to tens of thousands of worshippers at Tehran Friday prayers , which was broadcast live by Iranian state TV and radio , he said the outcome must be decided at the ballot box , not on the street .
He voiced support for President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , saying the president 's views on foreign affairs and social issues were close to his .
Demonstrators calling for a new election earlier vowed to stage fresh protests on Saturday .
Ayatollah Khamenei also lashed out at Western governments in his address .
He told worshippers : " I urge old friends and brothers to be patient and keep control of ourselves .
" Please see the hands of the enemy .
Please see the hungry wolves in ambush , who are gradually even removing their mask of diplomacy and showing their true faces .
Be aware of them .
" Today , senior diplomats of some Western countries , who addressed us diplomatically up until today , have now removed their masks .
They are showing their true faces .
" They are showing their enmity against the Islamic Republic system and the most evil of them is the British government . "
' Condemning violence ' Speaking at the European summit in Brussels , UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown insisted that Britain and the EU wished to have good relations with Iran , but that human rights should be respected .
He said : " The whole world is looking at Iran , at the speech that has been made today but also what is happening in Iran has been happening over the last few weeks .
" It is for the Iranian people to decide their future in elections .
" We are with others , including the whole of the European Union , unanimous today , in condemning the use of violence , in condemning media suppression and in condemning attempts , of course , to make sure that there are people , who are political prisoners who are not free to express their views in Iran .
" What we want is to have a good relationship with Iran in the future but that depends on Iran being able to show to the world that its elections have been conducted fairly and that there is no unfair suppression of rights or of individuals in that country . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Ellen van Deelen Photography ?-?
AmO Images : Capturing the Beauty of Life ?-?
AmO Images : Capturing the Beauty of Life
© Copyright : All Rights Reserved by the author .
Check original source for more information .
The Obama administration is saying all the right things about the jumble of ineffective and vindictive laws , policies and practices that have made up this nation ’s so - called war on drugs .
Shortly after he was confirmed , Atty .
Gen. Eric H. Holder Jr. announced that he would halt Drug Enforcement Administration raids on medical marijuana dispensaries .
Then the Justice Department urged Congress to eliminate the 100 - to - 1 sentencing disparity in convictions for dealing crack and powder cocaine , which imposed long prison terms on predominantly black defendants .
The most recent reassurance comes from the new drug czar , R. Gil Kerlikowske .
In an interview with the Wall Street Journal this week , Kerlikowske said it ’s time to retire the phrase “ war on drugs . ”
Good .
It ’s as misguided as the policies it frames .
“ Regardless of how you try to explain to people it ’s a ‘ war on drugs ’ ... people see a war as a war on them , ” he said .
“ We ’re not at war with people in this country . ”
These sensible pronouncements inspire hope that the administration is moving toward a more rational approach to drugs .
There is much to do .
For example , the DEA apparently did not get the memo about raids ; it carried out one the day after Holder ’s announcement .
And although Holder ’s refusal to deploy federal resources against the clinics is a welcome respite , we ’re still left with the conflict between state and federal marijuana laws .
Also , as a candidate , Barack Obama said he supported lifting the federal ban on needle exchange programs , which study after study concludes slows transmission of HIV / AIDS .
President Obama ’s budget , however , leaves it in place .
Administration officials say he now believes the public needs persuading .
It ’s in that context that Kerlikowske ’s comments matter :
By thinking of drug users as combatants in a war , the nation militarized a health problem .
The phrase itself shaped flawed thinking and yielded disastrous policies .
When he campaigned for the presidency , Obama promised bold change on drugs .
The old paradigm should follow the now - discarded phrase into history .
A jury ruled Thursday that Jammie Thomas - Rasset must pay fines totaling $ 1.92 million to the RIAA , as a penalty for violating the copyrights on 24 songs .
A jury ruled Thursday that Jammie Thomas - Rasset must pay fines totaling $ 1.92 million to the RIAA , as a penalty for violating the copyrights on 24 songs .
The trial was Thomas - Rasset 's second , after the first was declared a mistrial .
Thomas - Rasset is the only defendant accused of violating copyright to go to trial .
The decision was reported Thursday by the Associated Press .
The fine works out to $ 80,000 per song .
" There 's no way they 're ever going to get that , " said Thomas - Rasset , a 32 - year - old mother of four from the central Minnesota city of Brainerd , told the AP .
" I 'm a mom , limited means , so I 'm not going to worry about it now . "
A spokeswoman for the RIAA said that Thomas - Rasset had been offered the chance to settle for between $ 3,000 to $ 5,000 , the AP reported .
Imagine you had the ultimate surveillance system : A network of sensors on the ground and hovering overhead .
All that spying power is useless , however , if you do n't know where to point your cameras .
That seems to be the idea behind Persistent Surveillance Automation , an effort by the Office of Naval Research to automate sensor networks to give commanders a better understanding of a battlespace .
ONR last week issued a broad area announcement seeking concepts for the system , which would task surveillance assets so they focus autonomously on areas of interest .
The idea of " persistent stare " is not new :
Think of the JLENS ( pictured here ) , a sophisticated camera system that can be perched on towers or on blimps to provide wide area surveillance .
But as unmanned surveillance systems proliferate , commanders will be faced with an overwhelming amount of data .
A more autonomous sensor network would – in theory – help provide a more integrated and coherent picture .
It would also do more with less .
According to the ONR solicitation , this system would use a combination of hardware and software to " optimize the information within a region constrained by mission and resources , automatically analyze sensor data and associate this data to entities for further classification .
It is desired that the system communicate using a simple and specific tasking language allowing the integration of multiple disparate sensors and platforms . "
At stake is an initial $ 750,000 in research funds for Fiscal Year 2010 ; ONR may issue up to two awards .
Concept papers are due on August 7 .
[ PHOTO : U.S. Army ]
See Also :
SEOUL — A homeless South Korean man died of cancer without being able to use a single penny of his life savings of $ 100,000 because he could not prove his identity to his bank , officials said Wednesday .
Residents of the Yongbong district of Gwangju , in southwestern South Korea , knew little about the quiet man who had drifted into their neighborhood in 2007 .
He pulled a cart during the day to collect and sell scrap metal and other junk and slept in the cart or a shipping container .
“ He never begged .
When people offered him help , he said he had money saved and did n’t need help , ” Yoo Joon - soo , a district official in Yongbong , said by telephone .
“ He said he was going to buy a house . ”
In mid-April , he looked so fragile that Mr. Yoo and others ignored his protests and called an ambulance .
He was diagnosed with terminal pancreatic cancer .
The man then told the officials that his name was Na Hae - dong and that he had been born May 23 , 1953 , two months before the Korean War ended .
The Many Lives of Hugh Everett III
Peter Byrne investigates the troubled genius behind parallel universes .
by Grace Stemp - Morlock
PETER BYRNE
Everett would have been Dr.
Strangelove — the quintessential
Cold War technocrat .
- Peter Byrne
Birth of an Idea
A BEAUTIFUL MIND
Hugh Everett in 1964
Credit : Mark Everett
The basement was a
biographer ’s dream .
I
found the handwritten draft
of the original thesis .
- Peter Byrne
Saving the World(s )
Here ’s this guy designing
multiple scenarios for World
War Three that believes that
there are multiple universes
where his designs are
implemented .
- Peter Byrne
MEETING OF MINDS , 1955
( L– R ) Charles W. Misner , Hale F. Trotter , Niels Bohr , Hugh Everett , David Harrison
Credit : Eugene Shikhovtsev
Exposing the Past
It ’s digging deep beneath
the surface and finding
real evidence of what ’s
going on among the human beings .
- Stephen Shenker on Byrne 's skills
Comment on this Article
Please read the important Introduction that governs your participation in this community .
Inappropriate language will not be tolerated and posts containing such language will be deleted .
Otherwise , this is a free speech Forum and all are welcome !
Please enter the text of your post , then click the " Submit New Post " button below .
You may also optionally add file attachments below before submitting your edits .
HTML tags are not permitted in posts , and will automatically be stripped out .
Links to other web sites are permitted .
For instructions on how to add links , please read the link help page .
You may use superscript ( 10 100 ) and subscript ( A 2 ) using [ sup ] ...[ / sup ] and [ sub ] ...[ / sub ] tags .
You may use bold ( important ) and italics ( emphasize ) using [ b ] ...[ /b] and [ i ] ... [ /i ] tags .
You may also include LateX equations into your post .
Insert LaTeX Equation [ hide ]
LaTeX equations may be displayed in FQXi Forum posts by including them within [ equation ] ... [ / equation ] tags .
You may type your equation directly into your post , or use the LaTeX Equation Preview feature below to see how your equation will render ( this is recommended ) .
For more help on LaTeX , please see the
LaTeX Equation Preview
preview equation
clear equation
insert equation into post at cursor
LaTeX equations may be displayed in FQXi Forum posts by including them within [ equation ] ... [ / equation ] tags .
You may type your equation directly into your post , or use the LaTeX Equation Preview feature below to see how your equation will render ( this is recommended ) .
For more help on LaTeX , please see the LaTeX Project Home Page
Your name : ( optional )
Post Text Preview [ hide ]
Add / Edit Attachments Attachments [ hide ]
You may optionally attach up to two documents to your post .
To add an attachment , use the following feature to browse your computer and select the file to attach .
The maximum file size for attachments is 1MB .
Add attachment # 1 :
Add attachment # 2 :
Once you 're done adding file attachments , click the " Submit New Post " button to add your post .
Recent Comments
MANFRED wrote on January 19 , 2012
Thus , the problem of parallel universe for you , too , is of interest , I decided to write to you and ask to read twenty - first chapter , " Revelation , " where , I think , St. John gives a symbolic description ofa parallel universe .
My article " hereafter OR DIVINE UNIVERSEUNIVERSE " in Russian and English is available at www.tracts.com / MB.html , where I tried to decipher the 21 chapters of " Revelation .
" For me it is very important to know on this subject for your opinion .
Regards Manfred Beglaryan .
The ...
CYBERBEACH wrote on August 19 , 2010
David , if you do n't accept the MWI , then I guess you believe Peter Byrne simultaneously both believed MWI and did n't believe MWI until you asked and he answered , at which point the wave function collapsed and he only disbelieved .
Whereas I think that in another universe , Peter Byrne does believe in the MWI , and that you have only discovered that you are in the branch where he does n't .
As have I ... :)
DAVID wrote on June 21 , 2010
Byrne , you actually believe MWI ?
read all article comments
He certainly had a beautiful mind .
This exceptionally gifted Princeton mathematician made key insights in game theory , yet throughout his life , he was haunted by personal demons .
But this is n’t the story of John Nash , complete with Nobel Prize , best - selling biography and Oscar - winning movie .
It ’s the story of the equally compelling Hugh Everett III , the man who proposed the Many - Worlds theory of quantum mechanics .
Everett is not being depicted by Russell Crowe in a big Hollywood movie ( yet ) .
But this physics genius is finally having his story told thanks to Peter Byrne , a California - based investigative reporter , with help from a $ 35,000 FQXi grant .
Byrne ’s normal beat is " corporate and government malfeasance , " a far cry from quantum physics and parallel worlds .
But , in 2000 , his friend Stephen Shenker , a physicist at Stanford University in California , introduced Byrne to what he calls " weird physics . "
After writing several popular physics articles Byrne was looking for another good story .
What better than the man who invented the theory of multiple universes ?
The seasoned reporter tackled the story like any other investigative assignment .
His first " informant " was a Russian physics textbook printer , Eugene Shikhovtsev , who had written an online biography of Everett .
Byrne became enthralled with the anti-hero Everett , an alcoholic who suffered from depression , and died before seeing his idea—initially dismissed as nonsensical — gain the respect it deserved .
As Byrne investigated , a picture began to emerge of a deeply troubled individual with tremendous gifts .
Everett ’s early home life was highly dysfunctional .
His military father and artistic mother divorced at a time when you still had to travel to Mexico to break the marital bond .
Everett never really reconciled with his mother , who also suffered from depression , but he adored his father .
Academically , however , Everett always stood out .
In his first year at grad school at Princeton , he hung out with many pioneering game theorists and wrote a paper that is still considered a classic in the discipline .
In his second year , he attracted the venerable John Wheeler , a fundamental contributor to the fields of quantum mechanics and general relativity , as his thesis supervisor .
It was Everett ’s Ph.D. thesis that contains his revolutionary and lasting " Many Worlds " theory .
Byrne discovered new materials about the theory when he met with Everett ’s only son , Mark , who fronts the band " Eels . "
In his basement , Mark had kept boxes upon boxes of his dad ’s belongings and documents .
" The basement was a biographer ’s dream to find untouched materials of that nature , " said Byrne .
" I found the handwritten draft of the original thesis .
I found three little papers about certain elements of his theory that shed some light on his real thinking .
It actually reinvigorated a lot of the discussion about what Everett really meant .
" Everett was looking into the fundamental puzzle of measurement in quantum mechanics .
In the 1920s , some of the founding fathers of quantum theory met in Copenhagen and decided upon what has become its standard interpretation :
Before observation , quantum objects do n’t exist in a single state , but are described by a wavefunction containing a superposition of multiple states , exemplified by Schrödinger ’s cat in a box that is both alive and dead at the same time .
When a measurement is made , however , the wavefunction " collapses " and the quantum object snaps into one set state .
But Everett was n’t content with this picture .
In essence , he wondered why a wavefunction should collapse just because an observer interacts with it .
He argued that you do n’t need collapse if the observer becomes entangled with the superpositioned object .
Instead , due to the correlation between the observer and the object , the observer splits into multiple copies .
Each quantum option is satisfied — the cat both lives and dies — just in two parallel worlds .
Wheeler was impressed and presented the idea to quantum heavyweight Niels Bohr , who was largely responsible for the Copenhagen interpretation .
But Bohr dismissed it .
As a result , the thesis was cut by almost three quarters and reformulated to minimize disagreement with Bohr .
When it was published in 1957 , it did n’t generate much immediate response .
Bohr ’s rejection displeased Everett , but he had not planned to stay in academia .
Before his thesis was published , he took a job with a Pentagon think - tank that studied how to fight nuclear wars .
There he discovered that radioactive fallout would be much worse than anyone had previously imagined .
He also worked on optimizing the " cost - benefit " of both offensive nuclear weapons and defensive systems .
And he wrote much of the original software for the first Single Integrated Operating Program , the ultra - secret hydrogen bomb targeting list .
" Everett himself would have been Dr. Strangelove , " says Byrne .
" He was the quintessential Cold War technocrat .
Here ’s this guy who is actually designing multiple scenarios for World War Three that believes that there are multiple universes where his designs are being implemented .
Yet he did it anyway .
" But while Everett was building a career for himself far away from esoteric questions about parallel worlds , his earlier work was gaining an underground following .
One of the former students of Wheeler that Byrne spoke to was Wojciech Zurek , now at the Los Alamos National Laboratory , who explained that Everett gave a generation of physicists the permission to look at the universe quantum mechanically .
This stood in stark contrast to Bohr ’s interpretation , which said that you can only talk about the universe in classical terms .
In the 1960s and 70s , Bryce DeWitt , a theoretical physicist and acting editor for the journal Reviews of Modern Physics , which published Everett ’s thesis , championed Everett ’s idea .
Although DeWitt was n’t originally convinced by the outlandish idea , Everett ’s sharp wit won him over .
When DeWitt wrote to Everett saying that he " could not feel himself split , " Everett retorted that critics of Copernicus also said they could not feel themselves moving through the heavens .
Meanwhile , Everett and some colleagues had formed a private company that ran classified computational problems for the Pentagon .
But , after several years , the business went under and Everett ended up working on relatively uninteresting computational problems just to make a living .
Personally , Everett was also struggling .
An alcoholic , he drank three martini lunches and womanized in the work place and beyond .
He ate raw hamburger and smoked three packs of cigarettes a day .
More importantly , he was totally disconnected from his family .
He was surprised , despite numerous warning signs , when his teenage daughter tried to commit suicide just one month before Everett himself died of a massive heart attack in 1982 at just 51 years of age .
Sadly , Everett did n’t live to see his work gain the great following amongst physicists and cosmologists that it now commands .
Several prominent quantum computer scientists believe that the power of quantum computers comes from the ability for superpositioned elements to compute complex problems in other universes and reassemble an answer in this universe .
In 2007 , the 50th anniversary of Everett ’s theory was celebrated on the cover of the journal Nature Of course , the theory remains controversial , and many find it just too hard to swallow .
More seriously , Christopher Fuchs , a long term visitor and physicist at the Perimeter Institute for Theoretical Physics in Waterloo , Ontario , Canada , believes it is a contentless interpretation , that is , it does n’t tell us anything beyond the Copenhagen interpretation that could lead to new developments in quantum foundations .
" It was a reaction to the Copenhagen interpretation that went in a particular direction , and it was a healthy move because ultimately one does want to get away from thinking about observers as an integral part of quantum mechanics and it does do that , " says Fuchs .
" But , what price do you pay for a view of the world that is not very particular to that world ?
" Byrne does n’t have a science background , but he believes that his investigative journalism past has been a major asset in uncovering Everett ’s story .
" One of my skills is to read through vast amounts of government gobbledy - gook and emerge with some interesting facts .
Well , now I ’ve read through vast numbers of physics papers — although I read around the equations for the most part — and emerged with enough interesting facts for a book .
" Shenker agrees that , as journalist , Byrne illuminates new aspects of Everett ’s life , giving a very detailed picture of a great scientist who had deep human flaws .
" Peter teased out through documents , essential elements of the story , " says Shenker .
" It ’s not just a question of taking an article in print and trying to understand what it means .
It ’s digging deep beneath the surface and finding real evidence of what ’s going on among the human beings that wrote this story .
" So , does Byrne believe that there is a world where Everett did n’t live a tortured , miserable life ?
" When you look at how people are dealing with probability in the branching universe , our universe is more or less what most universes are like that Everett could have ended up in , so in most universes he was n’t a very happy camper , " says Byrne .
" But , there still would be uncountable numbers in which he was not only happy but his theory won the Nobel Prize . "
Mark Kleiman , who we 've often criticized for generally supporting drug prohibition , deserves credit for his recent discussion of the merits of a " grow - your - own " marijuana policy .
Kleiman 's main concern with legalization is that a legitimate marijuana industry will be incentivized to market their products and work to sustain high usage levels within the population .
His solution is to let people form co-ops and grow their own pot .
In response , Pete Guither has an ingenious post noting that marijuana genetics are remarkably diverse , thus creating inevitable consumer demand for a variety of options .
Indeed , the war on marijuana and the exhausting , often redundant debate surrounding it have largely obscured the fascinating psychopharmacological diversity of the plant itself .
Experienced marijuana consumers delight in exploring the unique psychoactive properties of particular strains and individual users often develop preferences for certain varieties when they 're available .
This is especially true with regards to medical use , wherein it's widely understood that some strains are better for specific symptoms than others .
Potency is just one of many factors that impact the popularity of a given strain .
Sativa strains , for example , are known for being more energetic and stimulating , while indicas are typically more relaxing .
Explaining all of this to people who hate marijuana will surely just freak them out even more , but it still bothers me that the discussion of marijuana tends to present the drug as a one - dimensional substance when , in fact , it is anything but .
There are many things worth knowing about this plant that wo n't fully be revealed and understood until we end the vicious war against it .
Home »
Features »
Lists »
Six Tips for Introverted Travelers
Six Tips for Introverted Travelers
Lists :
You do n't have to be an extrovert to enjoy travel .
Sophia Dembling explains .
Photo by Sophia Dembling Photo by Sophia Dembling
My essay Confessions of an Introverted Traveler drew a lot of feedback from fellow introverts tired of reading stories about others ’ great experiences meeting people .
Many who wrote told me they were worried that , because they were introverts , they simply were n’t cut out to travel .
For anyone trying to decide if they should hit the road or just stay home where nobody will bother them , I thought I ’d offer these six tips for introverted travelers .
1 . Be open to conversation when it ’s offered .
I do n’t often initiate conversations but I will talk to almost anyone who talks to me first .
People like talking to introverts because we tend to be good listeners , and listening is the point in travel conversations , anyway .
That ’s when we learn .
Once the conversation is started , you can ask lots of questions and learn lots of stuff .
In her book Introvert Power , psychologist Laurie Helgoe points out that introverts generally prefer deep conversation to superficial chitchat .
I ’m never afraid to turn conversations to to the subject of worldview , personal goals , politics and other Deep Thoughts .
If you find yourself in conversation , ask things you truly want to know .
Make the conversation work for you .
2 . Do n’t be shy about ending an encounter when you ’re ready .
A lot of times , random conversations lead to invitations to parties , to travel companionship , to meet others .
This sort of invitation can lead to raucous good times .
I hate raucous good times .
I rarely accept those “ let ’s take it to the next level ” invitations .
I may have missed out on a lot that way , but maybe not .
The few times I have accepted have not convinced me otherwise .
Drunks in bars are pretty much the same the world over .
Do n’t be ashamed or embarrassed to say “ no ” if you ’re not feeling it .
Then again , say “ yes ” sometimes , too .
You never know .
3. Carry a book .
There ’s an interesting debate going in response to an article about travel books on World Hum — a couple of people contend that reading while you travel is a waste of experience , that you can read at home and you should be out Living and Meeting Interesting People when you ’re traveling .
Yes , well , fine for those people .
I always carry a book when I travel for when I need to create a quiet place for myself .
Travel is wonderful and exhausting and over - stimulating .
Sometimes I need to escape into the tranquility of reading .
4. Develop the art of sitting and watching .
In her book , Helgoe talks about the French term “ flâneur ” ( feminine , “ flâneuse ” ) .
It translates literally to “ idler or loafer , ” but the poet Charles Baudelaire defined it as a passionate observer .
Yes , yes !
I am a flâneuse .
I love just sitting and watching people doing what they do , and even more so when I travel .
I do it in parks , I do it in museums , I ’m finally able to do it in restaurants .
That ability took a while to develop but I can now just sit alone in a restaurant and eat and watch people around me , rather than immediately burrowing into a book .
Mind you , I always have a book nearby during my sitting and watching , just in case I need to escape the world for a bit or in case I suffer a bout of self - consciousness , but it often remains unopened while I watch and eavesdrop .
5 . Take a walking tour or , even better , hire a guide yourself .
I have found this controlled interaction is a great way to get some conversation in with a local .
A professional guide — you can find one through the local tourist board — is a wealth of both official and personal information about the place you ’re visiting .
Once again , make the interaction work for you —ask things you want to know even if they ’re not part of the official spiel .
6 . Take the downtime you need .
I ’m not opposed to traveling with others — a good travel companion is a joy and an extroverted companion can make connections for you on the road .
But I ’m also not shy about eking out time to myself as necessary .
An hour walking alone , some solo time in a museum , an hour in a hotel garden with a book can provide a very refreshing break from interaction .
Anyone who does n’t respect your need for downtime is probably not the right travel companion for you .
Photo : Joseph Michael Lopez
Early on the morning of January 3 , 2005 , back in New York after visiting family in Ohio , Aaron Lazar and his girlfriend drove over the Manhattan Bridge , made a right on Canal Street , and stopped at a red light .
It ’s the last image Lazar remembers .
Four years later , he tries to describe the sensation that followed .
“ You know when you take your first hit off a cigarette ? ” Lazar asks .
“ That nicotine sick you get , that nauseous , swimmy , gross feeling ?
It was like that — only with a tunnel vision that kept going and going and going . ”
Lazar slumped over the wheel .
His girlfriend nudged him , called his name , then started screaming .
An ambulance happened to be nearby , and paramedics saved his life with a defibrillator .
Lazar was rushed to Beth Israel hospital , in time for him to become one of the less than 5 percent of people to survive a syndrome known as sudden cardiac death .
He was 27 years old .
The diagnosis describes “ an abrupt loss of heart function , ” per the American Heart Association , in which “ the time and mode of death are unexpected . ”
Stunned friends and family assembled at the hospital , where they found Lazar unconscious but stable .
Then his heart stopped again .
Eventually , a doctor came into the waiting room with an update .
“ She had that look like she ’d been crying , ” says his friend Damien Paris .
“ And she was like , ‘ Chances are he ’s not gonna make it through the night . ’ ”
But a day later , Lazar regained consciousness .
“ I ’m like , ‘ There ’s a tube in my dick , there ’s a tube in my throat , there ’s tubes in my arms — what the fuck ? ’ ”
The doctors told him he had died twice .
For days , they searched for a cause — inserted cameras , injected dyes , discussed electrocuting him while he was conscious .
Finally , a cardiologist looking over his charts discerned an irregularity in his heartbeat and they agreed on a solution : an ICD , or implantable cardioverter - defibrillator , a battery - powered device that would be permanently installed in his chest to sense his cardiac rhythms and , if necessary , administer a lifesaving shock .
Doctors performed the implantation the next day , and Lazar soon left the hospital , a miraculous survivor of a deadly condition — and , needless to say , someone well advised to avoid overstimulation .
Actually , more than advised :
If his pulse rate were to rise above a certain level , the machine in his chest would deliver 750 volts to his heart .
He could exercise , within reason , and he needed to steer clear of magnets and certain electronics that might interfere with the device .
But he was free to pursue a full life as one of over half a million Americans living with an ICD .
A full life , but not necessarily the life of a stage - diving lead singer of a punk - metal band .
For years , the Giraffes were known as one of the most dangerous bands in the city .
They sang about soccer riots , baited audiences , threw bottles , and even managed to get themselves shot .
Guitarist Paris — who still carries a slug in his tibia from a 2003 clash with a fire marshal — formed the group in 1996 with drummer Andrew Totolos , a shaven - headed commercial actor whose roles tend toward psychos and neo -Nazis .
Paris handled vocal duties for a few years before bowing to suggestions that they get a singer .
Someone mentioned a die - hard Giraffes fan named Aaron Lazar .
A tall , darkly handsome grad student in NYU ’s art program , Lazar had grown up in crack - ravaged Youngstown , Ohio , the son of a Vietnam - vet shop teacher and an academic .
In 2000 , Paris was given a tape of Lazar singing Prince ’s “ The Beautiful Ones ” in a sublime , intoxicated falsetto .
“ He sang it all drunk off his ass , ” Paris says .
The band had a lead singer .
Over the next four years , the Giraffes recorded three albums of dense , gnarly rock , much of it written by Lazar , in the vein of early - eighties hard - core bands like Black Flag and Bad Brains , trading in the standard sick jokes and morbid fantasies of white - boy ironists .
By 2005 , they had a national underground following .
Then came sudden cardiac death .
A few weeks after leaving the hospital , Lazar , shaky and depleted , returned to performing .
He was tentative for a couple of shows , singing stock still , dodging any physical involvement .
But before long , muscle memory took over .
“ By the third or fourth show , he ’s kicking me in the pants , shoving me , throwing shit at me , ” says Paris .
“ And I was like , ‘ All right ! ’ ” A fully reconstituted mosh engine , they continued rocking and raging just as before .
Then came round two .
On March 29 , 2005 — just about three months after the first attack — the Giraffes were playing a sold - out Chicago show .
“ We were rockin’ , we were doing well , ” says Totolos .
Lazar “ was windmilling a mike stand , jumping around , falling on the floor . ”
The band kept stoking this aggro bacchanalia right into the second - to - last song , “ Sugarbomb . ”
Totolos got the tempo going to around 192 beats per minute .
“ I was hitting each one with the snare and [ Lazar ] was matching each hit — going ‘ Hey !
Hey !
Hey !
Hey !’ on every single one , ” he says .
The song ended with the standard late - set mayhem , with Lazar falling on his back and pulling Paris down on top of him .
Photo : Joseph Michael Lopez
But then he sensed a force of an altogether different magnitude .
“ I heard that weird sound you get when a camera ’s flash is charging — that rising electronic whine , ” Paris says .
“ I thought , That ’s not good .
And then — boom ! ” Paris and Totolo describe a spectacle similar to a rider bucked by a bull at a rodeo .
When he came to — ears ringing , chest pounding — Lazar made a throat - cutting motion .
Paris took this as a cue to start the next song .
“ I thought he was wildin ’ out , ” says Paris .
“ I ’m like , ‘ Yeah !
Rock on !’
And then — boom ! ”
The second shock hit , flinging Lazar again .
After the third shock in 30 seconds , he struggled to a crouch .
He began taking his pulse , trying to calm himself , then made his way to the wings .
Finally Totolos took the mike : “ I said , ‘ Well , uh , our singer ’s gonna die , so I guess … ’
But before I could finish my sentence , he comes running back out and says [ in a hoarse yell ] ‘ Finish it ! ’ ”
Afterward , Lazar walked out of the club and hailed a cab to the hospital .
Technicians accessed the automatic history of the defibrillator , pinpointing the precise moment of near - fatal activity : when his heart rate hit 192 beats per minute , the tempo of the song “ Sugarbomb . ”
Lazar returned to New York and met with his doctors and a rep from the ICD manufacturer .
One doctor confronted him directly .
“ She said , ‘ You really should not be doing what you ’re doing , ’ ” Lazar says .
“ And I said , ‘ This is what I do . ’” He then literally haggled with them over a new ICD trigger .
“ The doctor ’s like , ‘ Okay , let ’s make it 195 for two and a half minutes , ’ ” remembers Lazar .
“ And I was like , ‘ Could n’t you make it 200 for five minutes ? ’
It was like buying a mattress from Russians . ”
Doctors jacked up the set rate and urged Lazar to slow down .
For a while , he followed their advice .
But eventually , he made a decision :
He could survive , or he could live .
He called a band meeting .
“ He sat us down and said , ‘ Dude , do n’t hold back , ’ ” says Paris .
“ ‘ If I ’m gonna die , I ’m gonna fuckin’ die .
Do it . ’ ”
Sitting in his Greenpoint apartment , Lazar pulls off his white T - shirt to reveal the scarred convexity just above his left pectoral .
There sits the central inspiration behind the Giraffes ’ recent album , Prime Motivator , a collection of brutal , Zeppelinesque songs referencing hospitals , ICUs , and ambulances .
“ When I do n’t feel so fine , ” go the lyrics to the title track , “ my machine makes up its mind … and it gives me some more time … ”
The ICD is hard to the touch , roughly the size and shape of an Altoids case .
“ I ’ve been clipped on that by a door , and it fucking kills , ” says Lazar .
“ Because you ’re pinching skin between metal and metal . ”
As Lazar pulls his shirt back on over his head , a heart - shaped pendant swings six inches from the bulge of his ICD .
It ’s a gift from his girlfriend , with whom he recently broke up after ten years — months shy of their planned wedding .
People who have near - death experiences often awaken with a transformed consciousness .
For Lazar , the change came in stages .
“ I came out of it and thought ‘ Okay , I can just go back to being the same old me , no big deal , got it , ’ ” he says .
“ And then I remember being seized by ideas like , ‘ I ’m never gonna fall in love again . ’
Well , I like falling in love .
I do n’t know how much time I got left .
I gotta do this — whatever ‘ this ’ is . ”
So he stopped penning jokey riot fantasies and started writing songs about life and death .
And he gave himself over fully to the loud , rowdy rock - and - roll lifestyle — albeit with modifications :
He must avoid metal detectors and microwave ovens ( “ There ’s been the bizarre spectacle of someone turning on the microwave and me running out of the room , ” he says ) , and since he must beware of magnets — used in most guitar amps and speakers — he ’s permanently excused from sitting in the back of the van with the equipment .
Sex is allowed .
“ The only thing is , if I do get defibbed , my partner could receive an unintended shock , ” he says .
“ I ’m a cyborg for the rest of my natural life , ” Lazar says matter - of - factly .
“ I guess I used to think of death as ‘ sweet relief . ’
You know , that whole abstract , romanticized goth idea .
Now I know that ’s horseshit .
Death is straight - up annihilation , nothing else .
It is truly ceasing to exist . ”
He takes a drag off a self - rolled cigarette .
“ For me , now , life , living , has become simultaneously more desperate and base but more beautiful . ”
On a recent Saturday night in Williamsburg , scores of skinny - jeaned , artfully disheveled young souls are packed into the Union Pool , where the Giraffes are nearing the end of their set .
Lazar , his black dress shirt unbuttoned to midchest , wields a fifth of Jameson as Paris begins the swaggering guitar riff of “ Sugarbomb . ”
A girl screams , a beer can soars , and Lazar leans into the sex - as - ballistics love song .
Three minutes in , the song begins the climb to the tempo that triggered the first onstage defibrillation in rock history .
Lazar continues to sing as the beat rises from 150 BPMs to 154 to 160 to 170 .
He grabs quick breaths , his chest heaving .
Another can of beer soars toward the stage , raining foam .
The air pulses with flashing lights and noise .
Lazar is screaming atop it all in a fevered , raw - throated glossolalia , his dark hair plastered to his forehead , eyes shut tight , his lips curling into a smile .
BACKSTORY
Aaron Lazar ’s career is a study in cross-pollination .
At Kent State to study art , Lazar discovered both Iggy Pop and sculptor Richard Serra — dual influences on his later life .
“ Serra ’s stuff , like the Torqued Ellipses — there ’s something so fucking ballsy and wrong about it that I love .
I think making one of his pieces probably gives him the feeling that being in a big , overblown rock band should , like someone could die from this . ”
When Lazar was in fine - arts graduate school at NYU , his professor , the video - art pioneer Peter Campus , suggested he start a band .
The Giraffes will play the Knitting Factory on June 18 .
Man can sue officials for keeping him in prison FEDERAL APPEALS COURT
A Bay Area man can sue California officials for allegedly violating his rights by keeping him in prison for 18 months after a state court had overturned the law under which he was convicted , a federal appeals court ruled Monday .
William Cousins claimed in his lawsuit that the state attorney general , prison system director and prison warden should have taken steps to free him in October 2003 after an appellate panel in San Francisco ruled in another man 's case that part of the state 's sex offender registration law was unconstitutional .
In Monday 's decision , the Ninth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco did not say whether state officials have a duty to examine any new ruling that overturns a law and release all prisoners convicted under that law .
But the court overturned a federal judge 's dismissal of Cousins ' suit and said California law does not immunize the attorney general or prison officials from such claims .
The ruling allows Cousins to try to prove that those officials acted negligently by failing to look into his case and set him free .
He seeks unspecified damages .
Cousins ' suit said he lives in Alameda County but gave no further details of his circumstances or background .
His lawyers were unavailable for comment .
Deputy Attorney General Wilfred Fong , the state 's lawyer , said his office disagrees with the ruling and will consider a further appeal .
" There 's no duty owed by these ( state officials ) to undertake this kind of effort , " he said .
Cousins was arrested in San Jose in 1999 and was charged with failing to report to police within five days of changing his address , as required for all registered sex offenders .
He was convicted in January 2000 and , because of previous felony convictions , sentenced to 25 years to life in prison under the state 's three - strikes law .
In October 2003 , the First District Court of Appeal ruled that the registration law was unconstitutionally vague as applied to transient sex offenders , who were required to report to police within five working days each time they changed their location .
The law also compelled them to specify all the places they were regularly located in a city .
The court said the terms of the law were unclear and that homeless people would n't know how to comply .
Cousins , who had been convicted under that law , sued for his release in January 2004 .
State officials took more than a year to reply , arguing at first that the law was valid in Cousins ' case , but eventually dropping their opposition and releasing him from the Mule Creek ( Amador County ) prison in June 2005 .
In Monday 's ruling , the three - judge panel said an attorney general can't be sued under federal law for actions taken as a prosecutor .
But the court said California law does n't provide the same immunity to the attorney general or prison officials for allegedly negligent conduct that results in a " false imprisonment . "
Sidney Crosby Sleeps With The Stanley Cup
After winning the most cherished trophy in sports “ The Stanley Cup ” , against the Detroit Red Wings , Pittsburgh Penguins Captain Sidney Crosby seemed to have accomplished all his childhood goals !
Or did he ?
Pictures leaked just days after the Penguins won the Stanley Cup .
Teammates photographed Sidney Crosby sleeping with the cup , also snuggling up with it !
He is one classy captain and hockey player , and after seeing this , all you ladies out there might want to snuggle up with Sidney after seeing him snuggling with the Cup .
It looks like he spoons really well !
A life time dream of Sidney Crosby ’s , these pictures actually show what winning the Stanley Cup means to hockey players .
If you do n’t believe us just take a look at the party pcitrues at team owners Mario Lemieux ’s house .
The Penguins had the Stanley Cup in the swimming pool like it was one of the boys !
Is there any doubt now that the Stanley Cup is one of the most sought after trophies in the world ?
Interested In seeing the Pittsburgh Penguins Swimming with the Stanley Cup , Click here
Hat Tip Photo – [ DeadSpin ]
Share This
Members of the Iraqi security forces in the neighborhood said American troops might have set a pattern making them vulnerable by regularly visiting the Awakening Council building once or twice each week .
Image
An Iraqi man grieved over the body of his brother on Thursday in Kirkuk after a suicide bomb attack killed eight people .
Credit ... Marwan Ibrahim / Agence France - Presse — Getty Images
The United States military confirmed three deaths , while the Iraqi Army said four American soldiers had died .
The explosion also killed at least 12 civilians and wounded 25 others , said a police official who spoke on the condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to speak to the news media .
Two weeks ago , a bomb placed in the bed of a pickup truck under sacks of potatoes exploded at a produce market in the same neighborhood , killing 10 people and wounding 37 .
Before this month , the Dora district had been mostly free of violence over the past year after many of the neighborhood ’s insurgents joined Awakening Councils .
About one hour before the Dora attack , a bomb placed inside a trash container at a Baghdad police station killed at least 2 police officers and wounded 20 other people , police officials said .
Among the wounded at the police station in Al Mamoon district in central Baghdad was the station ’s commander , said a police officer at the scene who spoke on the condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to speak to the news media .
An American soldier and at least 12 Iraqi police officers were also hurt , according to the Iraqi police .
Witnesses said American troops often visited the police station between 9 and 10 a.m. , when the attackers struck .
The United States military did not immediately confirm the wounding of the soldier .
Congressional investigators have discovered that large health insurers in every region of the country are relying on faulty databases to underpay millions of valid insurance claims .
In a report released Wednesday , the Senate Commerce Committee said insurance companies nationwide have failed to provide consumers with accurate or understandable information about how they calculate “ reasonable ” or “ customary ” charges for out - of - network care .
Insurers ...
When Cannes Film Festival organisers chose the Iranian film No One Knows About Persian Cats for their line - up , they could n't have guessed how timely their decision would be .
The film is about the underground music scene in Tehran and is co-written by Roxana Saberi , the US - Iranian journalist released earlier this week after serving four months of an eight - year sentence for allegedly spying for the United States .
Persian Cats is directed and co-written by Saberi ’s boyfriend and highly acclaimed director Bahman Ghobadi , who won the Camera d'Or in Cannes for his A Time for Drunken Horses in 2000 .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The film , which premieres today , was filmed covertly in September last year and was produced without the official seal of approval from the Iranian authorities .
Promoted as a musical the film centres on the love story between real - life couple and musicians Negar Shaghaghi and Ashkan Koshanejad who play together in the electronic indie band Take It Easy Hospital , which the movie is about .
It shows how they struggle to find new band members after Ashkan is released from jail for playing rock music in public , something which is illegal in Iran .
Western styled music is considered “ obscene ” by the Iranian authorities and it was banned in1979 after the Islamic revolution .
Musicians who defy the rules risk harsh punishments such as lashings , fines and imprisonment .
Despite the severity of the punishments there is a thriving underground rock and hip - hop scene in the capital , especially in the more affluent suburbs of northern Tehran .
Bands practise in home - built studios and pad the rooms with Persian rugs and mattresses to keep the noise in and nosy neighbours out .
Much of Persian Cats is based on the real experience of 24 - year - old Ashkan who in August 2007 organised the first public rock concert in Iran .
Ashkan and his rock band Font organised the gig in a small village 25 miles outside Tehran .
They invited 100 friends but the news of the concert soon spread and more than 1,200 people attended .
The Iranian police found out about the gig after checking various internet forums and only minutes after Font had finished their first public gig the police scaled the walls surrounding the garden and raided the event .
More than 250 people were arrested for what was referred to as “ immoral behaviour ” such as dancing , drinking alcohol and girls socialising with boys without wearing their hijab .
Inspired by the story , which made headlines in Iran , Ghobadi managed to track down Ashkan and asked him and his 24 - year - old girlfriend Negar to play the leads in his new film .
“ Being in prison was very difficult .
We were scared that we would be locked up for a long time because they did n’t tell how long we would have to stay there , ” said Ashkan who now lives with his girlfriend and his other band mates in London after obtaining a six - month entertainment visa to Britain .
“ I believed it was the end of what could happen to a musician in Iran but it was also the start of so much more because people from across Iran heard about the underground music scene .
I think that this film will show the suffering and the loneliness of what it ’s like being a musician in Iran . ”
Because of the ban on western style music the film will not be shown in Iran and its director and actors are unsure if they will be able to return to the country after today ’s premiere .
“ The government will be really pissed off when they hear about it , ” he said before travelling to Cannes for the premiere tonight .
“ I'm not sure what would happen to us if we tried to go home now , they probably would n’t let us into the country , ” said Ashkan .
Ghobadi , who also produced Persian Cats , relies on revenues from screenings abroad to make a living - something Iranian musicians cannot do as they are not allowed to perform to an audience .
" My movie is a tribute to these people .
They want to get on the stage and show their parents their lives have not all gone to waste , " he told AFP .
“ Many social liberties have been taken away in Iran without a replacement being offered .
In this film I 'm crying out loud against the status quo , ” he said .
Although Take
It Easy Hospital ’s lyrics are non-political the young musicians know that playing banned music is seen as a political act in itself and they know that the government sees them as a threat which could spark off a “ soft revolution ” .
“ Hopefully this film will reach young and creative Iranians and show them that they are not alone .
I also hope it will help to change the mindset of older Iranians that music is not a dangerous thing ; it 's a creative expression , ” said Ashkar .
“ I hope that the film will change people ’s perceptions of what Iranian society is like and that people will take a closer look at our cultural underground scene . ”
www.myspace.com/takeiteasyhospital
www.myspace.com/fontband
Sign up for PNHP 's E - Alerts
NEW !
NEW !
Barack Obama on single payer in 2003
Full quote from Obama in 2003 :
One 's happiness might seem like a personal subject , but a Kansas State University researcher says employers should be concerned about the well - being of their employees because it could be the underlying factor to success .
Thomas Wright , Jon Wefald Leadership Chair in Business Administration and professor of management at K - State , has found that when employees have high levels of psychological well - being and job satisfaction , they perform better and are less likely to leave their job -- making happiness a valuable tool for maximizing organizational outcomes .
" The benefits of a psychologically well work force are quite consequential to employers , especially so in our highly troubled economic environment , " Wright said .
" Simply put , psychologically well employees are better performers .
Since higher employee performance is inextricably tied to an organization 's bottom line , employee well - being can play a key role in establishing a competitive advantage . "
Happiness is a broad and subjective word , but a person 's well - being includes the presence of positive emotions , like joy and interest , and the absence of negative emotions , like apathy and sadness , Wright said .
An excessive negative focus in the workplace could be harmful , such as in performance evaluations where negatives like what an employee failed to do are the focus of concentration , he said .
When properly implemented in the workplace environment , positive emotions can enhance employee perceptions of finding meaning in their work .
In addition , studies have shown that being psychologically well has many benefits for the individual , Wright said .
Employees with high well - being tend to be superior decision makers , demonstrate better interpersonal behaviors and receive higher pay , he said .
His recent research also indicates that psychologically well individuals are more likely to demonstrate better cardiovascular health .
advertisement
Wright said happiness is not only a responsibility to ourselves , but also to our co-workers , who often rely on us to be steadfast and supportive .
In addition , Employee well - being affects the organization overall .
Studies have shown that after controlling for age , gender , ethnicity , job tenure and educational attainment level , psychological well - being still is significantly related to job performance , according to Wright .
Wright said psychologically well employees consistently exhibit higher job performance , with significant correlations in the 0.30 to 0.50 range .
Not only are these findings statistically significant , they are practically relevant as well , he said .
A correlation of 0.30 between well - being and performance indicates that roughly 10 percent of the variance in job performance is associated with differences in well - being , while a correlation of 0.50 points to a substantial 25 percent of the variance .
In some of Wright 's academic and consulting work , he has used a form of utility analysis to determine the level of actual savings tied to employee well - being .
For example , in a sample of management personnel with average salaries in the $ 65,000 range , he found that being psychologically distressed could cost the organization roughly $ 75 a week per person in lost productivity .
With 10 employees that translates to $ 750 per week in performance variance ; for 100 employees the numbers are $ 7,500 per week or $ 390,000 per year .
When employees have low levels of well - being and job satisfaction , they are more likely to quit their job .
Wright said employee turnover could be extremely costly for an organization losing a disproportionate share of its better employees .
In one study , Wright found that the possibility of turnover was 0.57 times smaller for any one - unit increase in well - being .
As with job performance , the knowledge of an employee 's well - being can be highly useful in helping human resource personnel determine cost - effective employee retention strategies , he said .
Well - being has shown to be stable over time , though it can be influenced by situational circumstances through psychological - based interventions , Wright said .
Methods to improve well - being include assisting workers so they fit their jobs more closely , providing social support to help reduce the negative impact of stressful jobs , and teaching optimism to emphasize positive thought patterns .
Wright said one controversial approach to improving well - being in the workplace is by seeking and hiring employees who have high levels of well - being .
Wright 's findings on psychological well - being and job satisfaction have appeared in several publications , including the Journal of Management , Organizational Dynamics , the Journal of Occupational Health Psychology , the Journal of Applied Psychology and the Journal of Organizational Behavior .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has denied having an affair with an underage girl and said he would resign if he was caught lying about it .
Mr Berlusconi said that if someone asked had he had " a spicy or more than spicy " relationship with a minor , his answer would be " absolutely not " .
" I have sworn this on the lives of my children , " he told reporters in Rome .
Mr Berlusconi , 72 , is under pressure to explain his relationship with Noemi Letizia , 18 , an aspiring model .
His wife , Veronica Lario , announced earlier this month that she was divorcing him after it was reported that he had attended Ms Letizia 's 18th birthday party in Naples and given her an expensive necklace .
To Italians , I want to ask a question : Would you want your children brought up by this man ?
Dario Franceschini
Leader , Democratic Party " I cannot remain with a man who consorts with minors , " she said .
Mr Berlusconi said he had only gone to Ms Letizia 's party because he happened to be in Naples that day and was an old family friend .
But photographs later emerged of them together at several social events last year , when she was 17 .
The prime minister also confirmed that she had stayed at his villa in Sardinia and attended a new year 's party there .
' Furious '
During a meeting with reporters in Rome on Thursday , Mr Berlusconi repeated previous denials that he had had sex with a minor .
BEING MRS BERLUSCONI
In Feb 2007 , Veronica demanded a public apology from her husband for his flirting , to which he replied with a written one
In the 2004 biography Veronica 's Tendency she revealed that " Silvio eats lunch while attached to the phone and dinner is the same " Veronica rarely accompanies her husband on foreign trips
The couple met in 1980 , wed 10 years later and have three children in their 20s Mr Berlusconi has said he was smitten when he first saw the 24 - year - old actress on stage
The battle of the Berlusconis Profile : Silvio Berlusconi " I have answered the only question that anyone has the right to ask me : ' Prime minister , have you had a , let 's say , spicy , or more than spicy , relationship with an underage girl ? '
The response is : ' Absolutely not , ' " he said .
" I am aware that , if this were perjury , I would have to resign a minute later . "
The age of consent in Italy is 16 , but people under 18 are considered minors .
The comments come a day after the leader of the opposition Democratic Party , Dario Franceschini , asked Italians at a European Parliament election rally : " Would you want your children brought up by this man ? "
The question provoked a furious response from Mr Berlusconi 's children , who have rarely made public statements in the past .
" Angry ? " asked Marina , his eldest daughter from his first marriage and chairman of publisher Mondadori , in an interview for Corriere della Sera .
" I am indignant .
Furious .
No , this is enough .
This time , I do n't intend to stay silent .
My father has always worked a lot , but there has never been a time , a single time , in which I did not have him near when I needed him . "
Her younger brother , Mediaset deputy chairman Pier Silvio , demanded to know how Mr Franceschini dared make such a " bad taste " remark .
The premier 's three youngest children also said in a statement that they had been " brought up in a family atmosphere that was balanced and full of values " .
" Politics should not turn to judging the role of a father , which has nothing to do with politics , " Barbara , Eleonora and Luigi said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A businessman accused of raping a university student was cleared by cellphone footage shown in court of the woman ' actively ' getting busy with him .
Before the mobile phone clip was screened , the judge warned the gallery , " You are going to see a clip which from what I have been told you may find extremely distasteful . "
After it was screened , the defense went for the zinger : " You and Mr Taylor were very familiar with each other and comfortable in each other 's presence . "
The jurors voted to acquit the man , who'd been charged with four counts of rape , including two of rape by oral penetration .
Advertisement
What 's curious is that nothing is made of the fact that the woman — who denies she was actively performing a sex act on him — had never seen the clip before .
[ Daily Mail ]
Barack Obama ’s Cairo speech heralds a shift from the Islamophobic rhetoric of the Bush regime , but not from the long - term aims of the U.S. empire .
Predictably , Barak Obama ’s speech in Cairo came under hysterical criticism from the right .
Sean Hannity screamed that Obama gave “ sympathizers of 9/11 ” a voice on the world stage , Charles Krauthammer derided the apologetic tone , and Sen. James Inhofe called it “ un-American . ”
At the same time , Bill O’Reilly called the speech a “ big success , ” and David Horowitz wrote that conservatives should support Obama on this .
What explains this strange schizophrenia among conservatives ?
At root , Obama ’s Cairo speech heralds a decisive shift in the rhetoric of U.S. imperialism .
It marks a recognition that the virulent Islamophobic rhetoric of the Bush regime has failed , and that it is necessary to begin a process of rebuilding the U.S. ’s image in Muslim - majority countries .
But if the speech marked a rhetorical shift , it did not chart new ground in terms of U.S. foreign policy .
Instead , it signals the reemergence of liberal imperialism , packaged deftly and skillfully through the person of Barack Hussein Obama .
Sections of the conservative bloc recognize the need for this shift .
9/11 presented the neoconservatives with an alibi to unleash their vision of U.S. foreign policy .
They seized this unprecedented opportunity to launch a program that would reshape the Middle East and establish a new Pax Americana .
Ideas that were considered off the wall by the Bush Sr. and Clinton administrations , such as the “ clash of civilizations ” thesis , became dominant .
So all - encompassing were these ideas that even sections of the left accepted the notion that Muslim - majority nations were mired in backwardness , and that these nations , as well as domestic Muslim communities , needed to be modernized by an enlightened West ( note , for instance , the arguments about bringing democracy to Iraq , banning the hijab under the guise of secularism , etc. ) .
The lack of a principled anti-racist position within the mainstream antiwar movement then had serious consequences for Arabs and Muslims .
It is therefore important that we begin our assessment of Obama ’s speech by acknowledging the shift away from Islamophobic rhetoric .
Rejecting the “ clash of civilizations ” argument , Obama emphasized the shared common history and common aspirations of the East and West .
Whereas the “ clash ” discourse sees the West and the world of Islam as mutually exclusive and polar opposites , Obama emphasized “ common principles . ”
He spoke of “ civilization ’s debt to Islam ” because it “ pav[ed ] the way for Europe ’s Renaissance and Enlightenment , ” and acknowledged the contributions made by Muslims to the development of science , medicine , navigation , architecture , calligraphy and music .
Obama then took on many of the myths that became commonplace after 9/11 .
Breaking with the notion that Islam is inherently violent , Obama emphasized , several times , Islam ’s history of tolerance .
He quoted from the Koran to show that Islam does not accept violence against innocent people , and pointed to the tolerance shown by Muslims in Spain during the violent period of the Christian Inquisition .
He observed that Indonesia , Bangladesh , Turkey and Pakistan — all Muslim - majority states — had elected women to leadership roles and added that “ the struggle for women ’s equality continues in many aspects of American life . ”
He thus cast aside the notion that the enlightened West inherently recognizes women ’s rights .
He rejected the widely held view that women who wear the veil are “ less equal , ” stating that this should be a woman ’s choice .
And he argued against actions taken by Western nations to dictate what Muslim women should wear , stating : “ We cannot disguise hostility towards any religion behind the pretence of liberalism . ”
Obama subtly acknowledged the U.S. ’s double standards .
He admitted that the U.S. had acted contrary to its “ ideals ” by instituting torture .
He also noted that one nation should not pick and choose who should have nuclear weapons , a reference to the U.S. ’s opposition to Iranian nuclear ambitions and its lack of criticism of Israel ’s nuclear arsenal .
He further admitted to the U.S. role in the overthrow of Iranian Prime Minister Mohammad Mossadeq in 1953 , and to the ways that colonialism and the Cold War thwarted aspirations in other parts of the world .
Marking a shift from the traditional one - sided emphasis on Israel ’s problems , he described the Palestinians as a dispossessed people .
*****
Yet as significant as these comments are in challenging the racist and Islamophobic rhetoric under the Bush regime , Obama ’s policy in the Middle East and South Asia does not signal a break with the policies of previous administrations .
While there are minor points of difference with the Bush administration , Obama ’s foreign policy stays within the broader framework of US imperial aims in the region .
Consistent with previous Democratic and Republican presidents going back to 1979 , Obama views Iran ’s independence from , and resistance to , U.S. dominance in the region as a problem .
While he has called for a halt to further settlements in the Palestinian Occupied Territories , he champions a toothless two - state solution that emerged in policy circles in the U.S. in the early 1990s — and he says nothing about dismantling existing Israeli settlements in the West Bank .
In Iraq , he proposes to withdraw U.S. combat troops while leaving about 50,000 troops still in the country to maintain U.S. control .
And in Afghanistan and Pakistan , the Obama “ Af - Pak ” strategy has only increased U.S. troops and involvement in Afghanistan and created a massive refugee crisis in Pakistan , all to further its oil / natural gas interests and geopolitical aims in the region .
What Obama ’s speech represents is a repackaging of U.S. imperial aims in liberal terms .
It heralds a new rhetorical approach built on the ashes of the now widely discredited cowboy diplomacy of the Bush era .
This is why the speech earned praise from even right - wing hacks like David Horowitz .
In an article titled , “ Fellow conservatives , admit it : Obama gave a great speech , ” Horowitz argues that Obama deserves support because he defended U.S. policy in relation to Israel and the Iraq and Afghan wars .
Republican Sen. Richard Lugar similarly dismissed criticisms from Republicans , calling the speech a “ signal achievement . ”
Speaking about the Middle East peace process Lugar stated that the speech tried to “ strike some of the right notes rhetorically , ” while it would have little impact materially .
Indeed , Horowitz and Luger are not alone in seeing the usefulness of such a rhetorical shift .
Over the last few years , in response to the plummeting U.S. image around the world , and in Muslim - majority countries in particular , a section of the political elite has sought to find new approaches to bolstering America ’s image .
One such effort got underway in January 2007 under the leadership of former Secretary of State Madeline Albright , former Deputy Secretary of State ( under Bush ) Richard Armitage , and others .
The group published a document titled , “ Changing Course : A New Direction for U.S. Relations with the Muslim World , ” which received high praise from political figures like Lugar , Howard Berman and Leon Panetta , and former generals like Anthony Zinni , among others .
The “ Changing Course ” document states in its opening pages that distrust of the U.S. in Muslim - majority countries is a product of “ [ p] olicies and actions — not a clash of civilizations . ”
It goes on to argue that to defeat “ violent extremists , ” military force is necessary but not sufficient , and that the U.S. needs to forge “ diplomatic , political , economic , and cultural initiatives . ”
The report urges the U.S. leadership to improve “ mutual respect and understanding between Americans and Muslims , ” promote better “ governance and improve civic participation , ” and help “ catalyze job creating growth ” in Muslim countries .
The call to action stated that it would be vital for the next president to talk about improving relations with Muslim majority countries in his or her inaugural speech , and to reaffirm the U.S. “ commitment to prohibit all forms of torture . ”
Obama has carried out these and other suggestions , and the Cairo speech reflects many of the themes raised in this report .
*****
Yet behind this liberal veneer of promoting “ better understanding ” and “ mutual respect ” is a report that in no way , shape or form attempts to “ change course ” on U.S. foreign policy objectives .
Instead , it simply urges the use of more subtle and diplomatic means to achieve these aims .
It states that the U.S. should engage Iran while insisting that it conform to non-proliferation standards ; create a path for a two - state solution in Israel / Palestine ; promote political reconciliation in Iraq and specify the U.S. ’s long term goal ; and renew an international commitment to stem the resurgence of extremists in Afghanistan and Pakistan .
In short , it promotes the goals of U.S. imperialism , but through means that mark a shift from the arrogant and unilateralist ways of the Bush regime .
It is no wonder then that Obama ’s speech received a lukewarm reception in Muslim - majority countries .
While some have understandably welcomed Obama ’s gesture of goodwill and respect , many have expressed skepticism , asking Obama to match his words with deeds .
The sentiment expressed in many newspaper editorials , and by ordinary people , is one that challenges Obama to change course in terms of foreign policy .
This should come as no surprise given the history of U.S. propaganda in Muslim - majority countries and the healthy skepticism that has been built up against it .
To counter the influence of the Soviet Union and present the U.S. in a positive light , the U.S. developed an intensive propaganda strategy that included the use of posters , radio programs , books , pamphlets , intervening in school curricula , etc .
For instance , one short story distributed in Iran was about two boys , one who studied hard and was industrious , and the other who chose communism .
Unsurprisingly , the latter met with an untimely death in a street demonstration , while the former prospered .
Some of the more comical efforts include the USIS office in Iraq distributing posters of the Soviet Union depicted as a “ greedy red pig , ” complete with a hammer and sickle for a tail !
U.S. Cold War propaganda emphasized the Christian and religious roots of the U.S. , in contrast to the godless atheism of the USSR .
Concretely , this meant , for instance , the use by the U.S. embassy in Iraq of posters that featured photographs of Washington D.C. ’s Islamic center , meant to depict the U.S. as an inclusive and tolerant nation .
When Obama talks of a mosque in every state of the U.S. , he is simply using already tried strategies .
Some of the key themes of Cold War propaganda in the Middle East involved portraying the U.S. as a beacon of freedom and democracy for the world , as a peace - loving nation , and as a friend of Islam in the “ common moral front ” against the USSR .
Yet this propaganda could only be so effective , since the U.S. ’s actions in toppling democratically elected regimes and supporting Islamists told a different story .
We in the U.S. need to develop a similar skepticism of imperial rhetoric .
Liberal imperialism has a long history in the U.S. Starting with the Spanish - American War , political elites have argued that U.S. interventions in various countries were for humanitarian goals .
The U.S. claimed to be liberating the Cubans from Spain , yet they simply took over the reigns of power from the latter .
Woodrow Wilson championed the right of nations to self - determination , but conveniently applied it only to the break - up of the Ottoman and Austro - Hungarian empires in his “ fourteen points ” program .
FDR claimed to be championing democracy during the Second World War , yet African Americans did not have the right to vote under Jim Crow laws .
JFK claimed to want to “ help ” Third World countries to develop economically and to foster democracy , and created the Peace Corps for this purpose .
Yet he sent more troops into Vietnam , and attempted to overthrow Castro through the “ Bay of Pigs ” invasion .
In short , the U.S. , like all empires , has always sought to disguise its real aims behind fine - sounding phrases and goals .
While Obama ’s speech is a step forward in that it eschews the hate - filled Islamophobic rhetoric of the Bush regime , it does little for the real Muslims and Arabs who continue to face discrimination , harassment , rendition , torture , war and occupation .
To address these problems , a reinvigorated antiwar movement should use Obama ’s rhetoric to build a struggle that can champion the rights of Arabs and Muslims around the world , and hold Obama accountable to his own words .
*****
Last updated at 17:52 30 January 2008
Russia 's most famous female bodyguard Anna Loginova has been killed after failing to prevent her own Porsche being carjacked .
The glamorous 29 - year - old died from head injuries after clinging on to the door handle of the Cheyenne and being dragged along the street at high speed as the car screeched away .
" She suffered serious injuries and died at the scene , " said a police spokesman .
Scroll down for more ...
Police believe that she was killed in a random carjacking and was not the victim of an attack based on her work for wealthy high - profile Russian clients .
Loginova ran an agency for female bodyguards , some trained by the ex-KGB , to give discreet protection to Moscow 's billionaires and their wives and mistresses .
Scroll down for more ...
In a recent magazine interview , she insisted that she and her team of glamorous bodyguards gave better protection than the more traditional beefy male security men .
" I do think that a girl should be a girl , not a Terminator , " she said .
She posed semi-naked for a Moscow men's magazine to make it clear that she was feminine as well as good with a gun .
She was highly respected for her bodyguard skills .
" A normal man gets sick and tired of male bodyguards around him all the time , " she said .
" In addition , many restaurants now do not allow a guard inside .
They can come in and check everything but then they are asked to wait in the lobby .
" In contrast , you can take female bodyguards inside , she will sit down at the table and nobody would guess that she 's a weapon herself - and can react appropriately in any dangerous situation . "
She spoke of a recent carjacking incident in Moscow .
" I got out , locked the car and at that moment a man ran up and squeezed my hand with keys .
I reacted immediately with a Jujitsu move , bending back his hand and hitting his face with my elbow .
" He did not expect such a reaction .
The next moment , I took out my handgun but a Honda car passed by and he jumped in . "
Last year , 50 Porsche cars were stolen in Moscow , including 12 within the last two months .
Only three were ever found .
It 's Ladies ' Day at Ascot , time once again for the fashion heavyweights and the sartorially challenged to showcase their millinery know - how .
The delights in store include an ode to the film , Pan 's Labyrinth , head - topping sugary treats and proof , if you needed it , that nature flourishes in the most unlikely places ...
New Scientist has a tantalising snippet reporting on a shortly to be released and potentially important new study challenging the idea of ‘ mirror neurons ’ .
Mirror neurons fire both when we perform an action and when we see someone else doing it .
The theory is that by simulating action even when watching an act , the neurons allow us to recognise and understand other people ’s actions and intentions …
However , Alfonso Caramazza at Harvard University and colleagues say their research suggests this theory is flawed .
Neurons that encounter repeated stimulus reduce their successive response , a process called adaptation .
If mirror neurons existed in the activated part of the brain , reasoned Caramazza , adaptation should be triggered by both observation and performance .
To test the theory , his team asked 12 volunteers to watch videos of hand gestures and , when instructed , to mimic the action .
However , fMRI scans of the participants ’ brains showed that the neurons only adapted when gestures were observed then enacted , but not the other way around .
Caramazza says the finding overturns the core theory of mirror neurons that activation is a precursor to recognition and understanding of an action .
If after executing an act , “ you need to activate the same neurons to recognise the act , then those neurons should have adapted , ” he says .
The study is to appear in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences and apparently is embargoed so the full text is not yet available , although it should appear here when it is .
The announcement is interesting because using adaptation is a novel way of testing ‘ mirror neurons ’ and the lead researcher , Alfonso Caramazza , is known for a long series of influential neuropsychology studies .
He has a reputation for being a sober and considered scientist so it will be interesting to see if the final study is really the challenge to mirror neurons as it seems .
Although the hype has subsided a little , the years following the initial reports saw these now famous neurons being used to explain everything from language , to empathy , to why we love art .
We ’re now in a period where we ’re taking , if you ’ll excuse the pun , a somewhat more reflective look at the topic and developing more nuanced theories about how this brain system functions .
UPDATE : Grabbed from the comments .
Looks like this paper might have the potential to cause a ruckus .
A comment from mirror neuron researcher Marco Iacoboni :
Caramazza ‚Äôs paper is seriously flawed .
The technique of fMRI adaptation seemed very promising ten years ago , but careful studies on its neurophysiological correlates have demonstrated that its findings are uninterpretable .
Indeed , Caramazza ‚Äôs manuscript has been around for many years and nobody wanted to publish it .
Caramazza managed to publish with an old trick that only PNAS allows : he handed it personally to a friend of his .
The paper is basically unrefereed ( this is what it means ‚ ÄòEdited by … ‚ Äô under its title ) .
Link to NewSci on ‘ Role of mirror neurons may need a rethink ’ .
In the early 1980s , Harry E. Figgie , Jr. ( the founder of Figgie International , Inc. ) became concerned that the United States ’ Government was following the same destructive path that lead countries such as Argentina , Bolivia , and Brazil into hyperinflationary economic collapse .
In the 1980s , each of these South American countries were running massive annual deficits , were accumulating unmanageable national debts , and each respectively had a central bank creating money ( out of thin air ) at a reckless pace .
In looking at the frighteningly similar profligate behavior , on the part of the U.S. Government , Mr. Figgie became concerned that hyperinflation could emerge in the United States as well .
As a businessman and an entrepreneur , Harry Figgie was concerned that his business enterprises may not survive if his management teams were not prepared to operate under the unstable conditions wrought by heavy inflation .
Since little had been written about managing a business under hyperinflationary conditions , Mr. Figgie initiated a research project to find out what a business must do to survive the ravages of inflation .
So , in his own words , here is what he decided to do :
As a result , we initiated research of our own , and chose our target South America — specifically Bolivia , Brazil and Argentina — as the best available examples of economies suffering high inflation rates .
We put together a three - person team headed by Dr. Gerald Swanson , a University of Arizona economist and director of the Academy for Economic Education .
The team went to South America four times over a two - year period to study the development of inflation and its impact on businesses , individuals and governments .
They interviewed 80 leading bankers and industrialists and a considerable number of ordinary citizens throughout Argentina , Brazil and Bolivia .
As a result of this research , Dr. Swanson wrote The Hyperinflation Survival Guide : Strategies for American Businesses ( which was first printed in 1989 ) .
The superb content of this book can be attributed to Mr. Figgie ’s foresight and to the outstanding research and writing of Dr. Swanson .
What follows are a brief " Austrian " perspective about this book and then specific details about the book ’s content .
AN AUSTRIAN PERSPECTIVE
The Hyperinflation Survival Guide : Strategies for American Businesses is a book that provides sound business strategies for entrepreneurs to implement when operating a business under economic circumstances in which monetary calculation becomes increasingly difficult due to a rapid fall in money ’s purchasing power .
Although the term " monetary calculation " is not found anywhere in this book , it is crucial to understand that monetary calculation is a method of thinking for the businessman .
As the extraordinary economist Ludwig von Mises explains in his magnum opus Human Action :
Monetary calculation is the guiding star of action under the social system of division of labor .
It is the compass of the man embarking upon production .
He calculates in order to distinguish the remunerative lines of production from the unprofitable ones , those of which the sovereign consumers are likely to approve from those which they are likely to disapprove .
Every single step of entrepreneurial activities is subject to scrutiny by monetary calculation .
The premeditation of planned action becomes commercial precalculation of expected costs and expected proceeds .
The retrospective establishment of the outcome of past action becomes accounting of profit and loss .
A tool businessmen use to determine the success or failure of past actions is a financial statement ( which includes a balance sheet and an income statement ) .
It is important to understand that all entries in the balance sheet and income statement are expressed in terms of money .
Under conditions in which money ’s purchasing power is stable , a businessman can directly correlate whether his company ’s capital base ( i.e. , the company ’s net worth as reflected in the balance sheet ) is expanding or contracting depending upon if the company turned a profit or made a loss .
Such monetary calculation assists a businessman in deciding to maintain or change a business plan based upon satisfying the ever - sovereign consumer .
But what happens to monetary calculation under conditions of inflation ?
As Murray N. Rothbard explains in his fabulous book Man , Economy , and State , businessmen may be " tricked " into making poor decisions thus causing consumption of capital :
… the inflationary process inherently yields a purchasing - power profit to the businessman , since he purchases factors and sells them at a later time when all prices are higher .
The businessman may thus keep abreast of the price increases ( we are exempting from variations in price increases the terms - of - trade component ) , neither losing nor gaining from the inflation .
But business accounting is traditionally geared to a world where the value of the monetary unit is stable .
Capital goods purchased are entered in the asset column " at cost , " i.e. , at the price paid for them .
When the firm later sells the product , the extra inflationary gain is not really a gain at all ; for it must be absorbed in purchasing the replaced capital good at a higher price .
Inflation leads him to believe that he has gained extra profits when he is just able to replace capital .
Hence , he will undoubtedly be tempted to consume out of these profits and thereby unwittingly consume capital as well .
Thus , inflation tends at once to repress saving - investment and to cause consumption of capital .
Indeed , inflation can lead to entrepreneurial error and , thus , to business failure .
SPECIFICS FROM THE BOOK
The Hyperinflation Survival Guide provides excellent strategies for businessmen to adopt and act upon should hyperinflation emerge .
Although this book is geared more toward owners / managers of manufacturing companies , operating under inflationary conditions , any businessman ( and any individual ) can garner excellent advice from this insightful book .
The four chapters in this book cover financial management , marketing strategies , manufacturing decisions , and industrial relations .
Chapter one of this book ( titled " Financial Management " ) can be summed up as follows : " Cash management is the difference between profits and bankruptcy .
The single fact that influences every decision is : Time eats money . "
The following list highlights a few of the important financial management issues covered in this chapter :
Make absolutely certain your managers understand the time value of money .
Never allow your cash to remain idle .
Good cash management can provide a major source of profit , while poor cash management can destroy a company in a matter of months .
Be prepared to convert dollars into a stable foreign currency .
Be aware that the stock market may become an uncertain source of capital .
Be prepared to maintain more than one set of books .
Inventory valuation should be based on NIFO ( next in first out ) rather than LIFO .
Develop an appropriate inflationary adjustment for capital replacement or the value of your capital will disappear .
Chapter two is titled " Marketing Strategies . "
Pertaining to the " 4Ps " of marketing ( price , promotion , place , and product ) , this book concentrates on pricing and product .
Since government intervention and regulation inevitably become even more oppressive during bouts of high inflation , it is important for businesses to sell products with the largest profit margins .
As Dr. Swanson points out :
A fact of life in a hyperinflationary economy is the disappearance of products whose controlled price does not cover the cost of production .
In Brazil , for example , dairy products such as milk , eggs and cheese became unavailable when the regulated price was set below their production cost .
Likewise , in the United States , high volume products with extensive competition — characteristic of many consumer products — may be the first to disappear should inflation begin to rise , because they tend to have low profit margins .
With respect to pricing , the book conveys that pricing " … policies undergo a dramatic transformation during hyperinflation .
Fluid pricing becomes an absolute necessity , and prices must change frequently and sharply to accurately reflect the impact of inflation .
True costs become increasingly difficult to track , even as the need to do so grows more important . "
For Americans , it is hard to imagine products disappearing from the marketplace let alone having to cope with hyperinflation .
Just imagine the nightmare Bolivian businessmen went through , in 1985 , when inflation hit 50,000 % annualized .
Upward price adjustments would have to be made by the hour .
These upward adjustments accumulate to the point of seeming absurd .
For example , under 50,000 % inflation , a $ 25 necktie would cost $ 12,525 one year later .
In chapter 3 ( titled " Manufacturing Decisions " ) , Dr. Swanson emphasizes that management must be flexible and innovative .
In fact , corporate survival may require radical decisions .
For example , during " … periods of high inflation , manufacturing operations are particularly hard hit .
In fact , in some extreme cases in South America , corporate attempts to survive have led some companies to shut down their manufacturing operations in favor of speculation , which can be a more profitable use of capital . "
The cold reality here is that the rates of return on speculating in commodities and currencies ( under conditions of severe inflation ) may exceed the rates of return on capital projects .
In turn , this means laborers will lose their jobs .
Other important points covered in this chapter include the following :
Anticipate that your purchasing department will assume a more important role in the long - run survival of your firm .
Be aware that hyperinflation creates increased opportunities for corruption .
Effective cost control requires that you develop methods for estimating your internal rate of inflation .
Anticipate difficulty in maintaining capital expenditure programs .
Chapter 4 of this book is titled " Industrial Relations . "
It could just as easily be titled " Employee Relations . "
As Dr. Swanson and his team discovered in South America , the impact of hyperinflation on wages and benefits was stunning .
For instance , " … Brazilian employees who were not given raises in the first three months of 1988 watched their buying power plummet 64 percent .
Even worse was the spring of 1985 , when Bolivians saw their real income drop 90 percent in only three months . "
Such bouts of inflation become especially difficult for businessmen to cope with as inflation is inflicted upon society by a government ’s reckless monetary creation ( out of thin air ) while , in turn , government regulations ( for the alleged purpose of controlling inflation ) prevent employers from granting raises to employees .
Unfortunately , employers take the brunt of the blame for the declining living standards ( that employees experience during bouts of severe inflation ) when government is the real culprit .
As standards of living decline , Dr. Swanson found that " … individuals tend to seek the support of a group to represent them in order to survive constantly rising prices . "
He further articulated :
This is certainly true in Bolivia , Brazil and Argentina , where the union movement is very strong in both the public and private sectors .
Some South American business leaders go so far as to complain that union leaders actually use hyperinflation to their own advantage , recognizing it as a major source of their power .
Because wages continually lag behind rising prices during hyperinflation , there is a near - constant need for negotiations , as union members press their leaders to push for higher wages .
Other notable labor relations issues covered in this book are summarized below :
Labor relations staffs should be prepared to face stronger unions and virtually continuous negotiations .
There is a high likelihood that wages will at some point be frozen , and labor will apply pressure on management to circumvent controls .
Prepare to shorten pay periods .
Anticipate morale problems among middle management , which often bears the greatest burden during hyperinflation .
Consider the type of index you will use for cost - of - living adjustments , and be prepared to make adjustments often .
Fringe benefits must be adjusted to reflect inflation or they can disappear .
This book ’s appendix provides a nice bonus as it covers the disastrous results of the wage and price controls President Nixon implemented to " combat " the United States ’ 4.7 % inflation rate and its 5.8 % unemployment rate .
Two of the most notable actions President Nixon undertook on August 15 , 1971 included an immediate 90 - day freeze on wages , prices , salaries and rents and of course , the reprehensible floating of the dollar ( by severing the last vestige of the dollar ’s linkage to gold ) .
For a president to state that severing the dollar ’s link to gold will help reduce inflation completely defies logic .
In reality , what President Nixon " accomplished " was to enable the federal government to create money without limit .
How such an irresponsible action can be construed to be anti-inflationary is a sad testimony to the economic illiteracy of the American populace .
To buttress the point about economic illiteracy , here is an excerpt from this book ’s appendix :
Domestic reaction to Nixon ’s proposal was overwhelmingly positive .
Leaders of the nation ’s corporate giants , believing that some sort of action was overdue , responded with general enthusiasm , and opinion polls showed broad support among the populace .
Financial markets reacted with unprecedented gains , as trading on the New York Stock Exchange hit a record 31.72 million shares , and the Dow Jones Industrial Average set a one - day record by climbing 33 points .
Bond prices also rose sharply in heavy trading …
In all , President Nixon implemented four phases of wage and price controls ( with the final phase ending in April of 1974 ) and the results were predictably terrible .
For example , there were shortages in beef and textiles .
Moreover , prices rose at an average annual rate of 6 percent while the controls were in place , yet in the eight months following the end of Phase IV , prices climbed at an annualized rate of over 12 percent .
CONCLUSION
Of the books published regarding hyperinflation , this may be the only one that provides effective strategies for operating a business under conditions of a rapidly depreciating currency .
To reiterate , The Hyperinflation Survival Guide : Strategies for American Businesses was written by Dr. Gerald Swanson ( an associate professor of economics at the University of Arizona ) .
Harry E. Figgie , Jr. sponsored the research and the original production of this book .
As it was originally printed in 1989 , it was way ahead of its time .
However , this does n’t change the fact that this book will prove to be an excellent resource for businessmen and individuals once the Federal Reserve ’s destruction of the U.S. dollar enters its terminal stage .
Let me close with a little bit of sobering humor :
There are 10 ^ 11 stars in the galaxy .
That used to be a huge number .
But it ’s only a hundred billion .
It ’s less than the national deficit !
We used to call them astronomical numbers .
Now we should call them economical numbers .
~ Richard Feynman ( 1918 — 1988 )
Eric Englund Archives
The Best of Eric Englund
DETROIT
O n the surface , the series has seemingly unfolded in exactly the same manner .
Just like last year , the Detroit Red Wings have started the Stanley Cup final by holding serve twice at home , both times by suffocating the attack of the Pittsburgh Penguins .
Just like last year , the Pens are now looking at having to win four straight or at least four out of five to take the Cup .
Only one team , the ' 71 Canadiens , has ever won the title after losing the first two games of the final .
But that 's just the surface story .
The reality is this year 's final is very , very different from last year , both in terms of the intensity of the competition and the nature of the two games played so far .
The Wings , battered by injuries , have been outshot in both games and either outplayed or at best fought to a draw .
Yet they lead two games to none .
The reason , aside from the fact Justin Abdelkader is outscoring both Sidney Crosby and Evgeni Malkin combined , is Chris Osgood .
This , it seems clear , is the year Osgood may finally get his due along with his fourth Stanley Cup ring .
It may be the year the hockey world starts to really look at him differently .
Goodness , by the time this is over , we may be wondering aloud if he should be Canada 's goalie next winter at the Vancouver Olympics .
Two posts helped Osgood last night , as did one save by Henrik Zetterberg lying on the goal line .
But to say Osgood was lucky would be wrong .
While Marc - Andre Fleury at the other end was making another major error on a flutter shot in the third by Abdelkader , Osgood was again mistake free , poised and very much a leader in the defensive zone for the Wings .
He made enormous saves at key times , including :
A left pad stop on Ruslan Fedotenko's breakaway in the first period with the game scoreless .
A brilliant left arm stop three minutes into the second on Malkin that would have given the visitors a 2 - 0 lead .
Another left leg save , this time on Crosby after Crosby had finally broken free of Brian Rafalski and Nicklas Lidstrom for a clean look with seven minutes to play .
They were all saves at the right times , an Osgood trademark .
In essence , in two games in which the Wings have played without MVP candidate Pavel Datsyuk , veteran centre Kris Draper , winger Tomas Kopecky and defenceman Andreas Lilja , the champs have played to perhaps 60 per cent of their capacity and made an inordinate amount of defensive errors .
Yet they still lead the series 2 - 0 .
So while the replacements for the injured – Abdelkader , Darren Helm , Ville Leino and Jonathan Ericsson – are getting all kinds of praise , none of this happens without Osgood being rock - solid and stopping 62 of 64 Pittsburgh drives .
Given the fact he was so lousy earlier this season that he was sent home for 10 days to get his head together , this story is even more compelling .
Fleury has n't helped his team 's cause , both with his inability to figure out the tricky end boards of The Joe in the series opener on Saturday or with his terrible error on Abdelkader 's 40 - foot wrister off a one - on - two break last night .
Osgood , by contrast , is like the football quarterback who may not throw the 60 - yard bomb but protects the ball , does n't turn it over and gets it to the playmakers at the right time .
Assuming , as most do , that Detroit coach Mike Babcock will be Canada 's Olympic coach , it seems unthinkable Osgood would n't at the very least merit an invitation to the summer orientation camp .
He never before has been in the Olympic mix , or the World Cup mix , for that matter .
But with the Olympic goaltending picture a bit muddled at the moment , Osgood is as good a candidate as anyone .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Interim President Roberto Micheletti has imposed an overnight curfew in Honduras , hours after being sworn in .
The Congress speaker took office after troops ousted elected leader Manuel Zelaya and flew him to Costa Rica .
The removal of Mr Zelaya came amid a power struggle over his plans for constitutional change .
Mr Zelaya , who had been in office since 2006 , wanted to hold a referendum that could have led to an extension of his non-renewable four - year term .
Polls for the referendum had been due to open early on Sunday - but troops instead took him from the presidential palace and flew him out of the country .
The ousting of Manuel Zelaya has been criticised by regional neighbours , the US and the United Nations .
FROM BBC WORLD SERVICE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service Mr Micheletti told a news conference that a nationwide curfew was being imposed for Sunday and Monday , running from 2100 ( 0300 GMT ) to 0600 ( 1200 GMT ) on each night .
The BBC's Stephen Gibbs , reporting from the Honduran capital Tegucigalpa , said roads were deserted and only a handful of protesters remained on the streets .
Many Hondurans say there is a total lack of information about what has happened to their country and their president , our correspondent adds .
Days of tension
The swearing in of Roberto Micheletti - constitutionally second in line for the presidency - was greeted with applause in Congress .
This was a plot by a very voracious elite , which wants to keep this country in an extreme level of poverty
President Manuel Zelaya
In pictures : President ousted Profile : Manuel Zelaya World reaction : Honduran crisis
Send us your comments
In a speech , he said that he had not assumed power " under the ignominy of a coup d'etat " .
The army had complied with the constitution , he said , and he had reached the presidency " as the result of an absolutely legal transition process " .
Congress said he would serve until 27 January , when Mr Zelaya 's term was due to expire .
Presidential elections are planned for 29 November and Mr Micheletti promised these would go ahead .
Both Congress and the courts had opposed Mr Zelaya 's referendum , which asked Hondurans to endorse a vote on unspecified constitutional changes alongside the November elections .
Tensions over the issue had been escalating for several days , with the army refusing to help with preparations for the referendum .
Just before dawn on Sunday , troops stormed the president 's residence .
There was confusion over his whereabouts for several hours before he turned up in Costa Rica .
Mr Zelaya called his ouster " a plot by a very voracious elite , an elite which wants only to keep this country isolated , in an extreme level of poverty " .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
He urged Hondurans to resist those who had removed him and late on Sunday flew to Nicaragua for a meeting of regional leaders .
Congress said it had voted to remove him because of his " repeated violations of the constitution and the law and disregard of orders and judgments of the institutions " .
One man told the BBC that he had been in the city 's main square all day , along with 2,000 Zelaya supporters .
Jeronimo Pastor described the situation as tense and called on the international community to get involved .
But another resident of the capital said people were relieved at Mr Zelaya 's removal .
" Now we have a new president and will have elections and things will go back to normal , " Kenneth Bustillo told the BBC .
The removal of Mr Zelaya has drawn criticism across Latin America and the wide world .
The Organization of American States held an emergency meeting , while UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon called for " the reinstatement of the democratically elected representatives of the country " .
US President Barack Obama urged Honduras to " respect the rule of law " and a State Department official said America recognised Mr Zelaya as the duly elected president .
The European Union called for " a swift return to constitutional normality " .
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez , meanwhile , blamed " the Yankee empire " , and threatened military action should the Venezuelan ambassador to Honduras be attacked .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
by Michael Llewellyn on June 19 , 2009
In ancient times every village had its idiot sitting on the edge of society , gibbering to himself and spouting rubbish to bemused passers by .
Since those halcyon days the idiot learned to breed and being the idiot that he is , he bred like a rabbit ( he probably raped a farm girl with a gammy leg or some other impediment to a quick getaway ) and gradually took over by force of numbers .
Thus these village idiots , once mocked , castigated and in the minority , found their situation reversed .
Whole towns are now full of them , stacked up in bars talking about cars and full of opinions on subjects they donâ€™t understand or are remotely qualified to comment on .
They even have their own corrupted form of music called â€œrock and popâ€ .
Their revenge is sweet as finally theyâ€™re able to shout down and smother those who once ignored them or beat them to a bloody pulp for eyeing up their flat - footed daughters .
But it seems a minority of slowly increasing numbers within the mainstream is realising there are indeed people out there too stupid to function as healthy human beings .
Furthermore , theyâ€™re beginning to think something should be done about them .
In the UK , the SS ( or Social Services if you prefer ) came to the frankly almost unprecedented conclusion that a council estate mother of a disabled child was quite literally too stupid to look after her own offspring and recommended it be put into care .
Despite this halfway commendable decision , they continue to shuffle their feet and look distinctly uncomfortable at the obvious implications of their actions .
Namely :
1 ) If individuals are judged by qualified professionals to be unfit to bring up children to the extent that they should be taken from them , why is there not a system in place to prevent them having children in the first place ?
2 ) Isnâ€™t it obvious that this absolute cretin of poor genetic stock and abysmal prospects is predisposed to poor parenthood and unhealthy , unconstructive children ?
Chief Executive for childrenâ€™s charity Barnardoâ€™s , Martin Narey , commented recently that abused and murdered infant â€ œBaby Pâ€ ( killed by his own idiot parent of course ) was in any case likely to become a liability and destructive member of society due to the nature of his upbringing :
“ It saddens me that the probability is that , had Baby P survived , given his own deprivation he might have been unruly by the time he had reached the age of 13 or 14 .
At which point he ’d have become feral , a parasite , a yob , helping to infest our streets , ” he said as part of the Barnardo ’s lecture series at the Duke of Wellington Hall , London .
The Independent
Yet again he was still afraid to clearly articulate publically what he undoubtedly feels in private .
Why ?
Because the village idiot horde would shout him down and demand his resignation , compounded by a stampede of politicians and media eager to gain momentary favour with the mob .
Surely itâ€™s high time we neutered the idiot and eradicated him from the genepool .
They could n’t have known in ancient times that he ’d someday rule the world , after all .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Matt Walker
Editor , Earth News
Deformed toads , each a product of ' selective predation '
Scientists think they have resolved one of the most controversial environmental issues of the past decade : the curious case of the missing frogs ' legs .
Around the world , frogs are found with missing or misshaped limbs , a striking deformity that many researchers believe is caused by chemical pollution .
However , tests on frogs and toads have revealed a more natural , benign cause .
The deformed frogs are actually victims of the predatory habits of dragonfly nymphs , which eat the legs of tadpoles .
In the late 1980s and early 1990s , researchers started getting reports of numerous wild frogs or toads being found with extra legs or arms , or with limbs that were partly formed or missing completely .
The cause of these deformities soon became a hotly contested issue .
Some researchers believed they might be caused naturally , by predators or parasites .
Others thought that was highly unlikely , fearing that chemical pollution , or UV - B radiation caused by the thinning of the ozone layer , was triggering the deformations .
Once they grab the tadpole , they use their front legs to turn it around , searching for the tender bits , in this case the hind limb buds , which they then snip off with their mandibles
Biologist Stanley Sessions describes the dining habits of dragonfly nymphs " Deformed frogs became one of the most contentious environmental issues of all time , with the parasite researchers on one side , and the ' chemical company ' as I call them , on the other , " says Stanley Sessions , an amphibian specialist and professor of biology at Hartwick College , in Oneonta , New York .
" There was a veritable media firestorm , with millions of dollars of grant money at stake . "
After a long period of research , Sessions and other researchers established that many amphibians with extra limbs were actually infected by small parasitic flatworms called Riberoria trematodes .
These creatures burrow into the hindquarters of tadpoles where they physically rearrange the limb bud cells and thereby interfere with limb development .
" But that was not end of the story , " says Sessions .
" Frogs with extra limbs may have been the most dramatic - looking deformities , but they are by far the least common deformities found , " he explains .
" The most commonly found deformities are frogs or toads found with missing or truncated limbs , and although parasites occasionally cause limblessness in a frog , these deformities are almost never associated with the trematode species known to cause extra limbs . "
Missing legs
The mystery of what causes frogs to have missing or deformed limbs remained unsolved until Sessions teamed up with colleague Brandon Ballengee of the University of Plymouth , UK .
They report their findings in the Journal of Experimental Zoology Part B : Molecular and Developmental Evolution .
For a decade , Ballengee and Sessions have collaborated on a series of art and science projects that image amphibians ' bodies to show the detail within , the most recent of which is funded by the Arts Catalyst organisation , based in London .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
As part of this work , Ballengee and Richard Sunter , the official Recorder of Reptiles and Amphibians in Yorkshire , spent time during the summers of 2006 to 2008 surveying the occurrence of deformities in wild amphibians at three ponds in the county .
In all , they found that between 1.2 % and 9.8 % of tadpoles or metamorphosed toads at each location had hind limb deformities .
Three had missing eyes .
" We were very surprised when we found so many metamorphic toads with abnormal limbs , as it was thought to be a North American phenomenon , " says Ballengee .
While surveying , Ballengee also discovered a range of natural predators he suspected could be to blame , including stickleback fish , newts , diving beetles , water scorpions and predatory dragonfly nymphs .
So Ballengee and Sessions decide to test how each predator preyed upon the tadpoles , by placing them together in fish tanks in the lab .
None did , except three species of dragonfly nymph .
Crucially though , the nymphs rarely ate the tadpoles whole .
More often than not , they would grab the tadpole and chew at a hind limb , often removing it altogether .
" Once they grab the tadpole , they use their front legs to turn it around , searching for the tender bits , in this case the hind limb buds , which they then snip off with their mandibles , " says Sessions .
Stunted growth Remarkably , many tadpoles survive this ordeal .
" Often the tadpole is released and is able to swim away to live for another day , " says Sessions .
" If it survives it metamorphoses into a toad with missing or deformed hind limbs , depending on the developmental stage of the tadpole . "
If tadpoles are attacked when they are very young , they can often regenerate their leg completely , but this ability diminishes as they grow older .
The researchers confirmed this by surgically removing the hind limbs of some tadpoles and watching them grow .
These tadpoles developed in an identical way to those whose limbs had been removed by dragonflies , confirming that losing a limb at a certain stage of a tadpole 's development can lead to missing or deformed limbs in adulthood .
Adult amphibians with one one hind limb appear able to live for quite a long time , Sessions says , explaining why so many deformed frogs and toads are discovered .
Why do the dragonflies like to eat the hind legs only ?
A normal and a legless toad stained to reveal details of the skeletal deformities ( bones purple , cartilage blue , soft tissues transparent ) .
As toad tadpoles mature , they develop poison glands in their skin much earlier than those in their hind legs , which could make the hind legs a far more palatable meal .
The front legs of tadpoles also develop within the gill chamber , where they are protected .
Sessions is careful to say that he does n't completely rule out chemicals as the cause of some missing limbs .
But ' selective predation ' by dragonfly nymphs is now by far the leading explanation , he says .
" Are parasites sufficient to cause extra limbs ? , " he asks .
" Yes .
Is selective predation by dragonfly nymphs sufficient to cause loss or reduction of limbs .
Yes .
Are chemical pollutants necessary to understand either of these phenomena ?
No . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Israel practices apartheid and colonialism in Palestine , a study by HSRC
Study : Israel practices apartheid and colonialism in Palestine
Date : 01 / 06 / 2009 Time : 19:18
Bethlehem - Ma'an -
The Human Sciences Research Council of South Africa ( HSRC ) released a study on Monday indicating that the Israeli occupation government is practicing both colonialism and apartheid in the occupied Palestinian territories .
The interim report , which will form part of a discussion at an upcoming HSRC conference on the subject , titled Re-envisioning Israel / Palestine , on 13 and 14 June in Cape Town , serves as a document to be finalised later this year , according to a statement .
The study 's team found that Israel 's policy and practices violate the prohibition on colonialism which the international community developed in the 1960s in response to the great decolonisation struggles in Africa and Asia .
" Israel 's policy is demonstrably to fragment the West Bank and annex part of it permanently to Israel , which is the hallmark of colonialism , " the study concluded .
The Israeli occupation government has appropriated land and water in the territories , merged the Palestinian economy with Israel 's economy , and imposed a system of domination over Palestinians to ensure their subjugation to these measures , the report noted .
" Through these measures , Israel has denied the indigenous population the right to self - determination and indicated clear intention to assume sovereignty over portions of its land and natural resources .
Permanent annexation of territory in this fashion is the hallmark of colonialism , " the published summary went on to say .
Regarding apartheid , the team found that Israel 's laws and policies in Palestine fit the definition of apartheid in the International Convention on the Suppression and Punishment of the Crime of Apartheid .
Israeli law conveys privileges to Jewish settlers and disadvantages Palestinians in the same territory on the basis of their respective identities , which function in this case as racialised identities in the sense provided by international law .
Israel 's practices are corollary to five of the six ' inhuman acts ' listed by the Convention , according to the report .
" A policy of apartheid is especially indicated by Israel 's demarcation of geographic ‘ reserves ' in the West Bank , to which Palestinian residence is confined and which Palestinians cannot leave without a permit , " the study 's authors alleged .
The system is " very similar " to the policy of ‘ Grand Apartheid ' in apartheid South Africa , in which black South Africans were confined to black homelands delineated by the South African government , while white South Africans enjoyed freedom of movement and full civil rights in the rest of the country , it said .
The HSRC commissioned an international team of scholars and practitioners of international public law from South Africa , the United Kingdom , Israel and the West Bank to conduct the study .
The resulting 300 - page draft , titled Occupation , Colonialism , Apartheid ? :
A re-assessment of Israel 's practices in the occupied Palestinian territories under international law , represents 15 months of research and constitutes an exhaustive review of Israel 's practices in Palestine according to definitions of colonialism and apartheid provided by international law .
The project was suggested originally by the January 2007 report by eminent South African jurist John Dugard , in his capacity as Special Rapporteur to the United Nations Human Rights Council , when he indicated that Israeli practices had assumed characteristics of colonialism and apartheid
Fair Use Notice
Friends and relatives of two teens accused in the beating death of a Mexican immigrant struggled to contain their relief as not - guilty verdicts were announced on the most serious charges against the former high school football stars Friday .
Luis Ramirez died of blunt force injuries after a confrontation with a group of Pennsylania teens .
Gasps filled the courtroom and some had to be restrained by sheriff 's deputies as they tried to rush the defense table after Derrick Donchak , 19 , and Brandon Piekarsky , 17 , were acquitted of aggravated assault , reckless endangerment and ethnic intimidation for the death of Luis Ramirez .
Piekarsky was also found not guilty of third - degree murder for the death of Ramirez , who died of blunt force injuries after an encounter with the teens last summer .
However , the all - white jury of six men and six women from Schuylkill County jury found Piekarsky and Donchak guilty of simple assault .
The case drew national attention to the small town of Shenandoah , Pennsylvania , highlighting race relations and polarizing the community on who was to blame for the incident .
Lawyers for the teens never denied that their clients were involved in a physical altercation with Ramirez on a residential street the night of July 12 .
Instead , they tried to cast Ramirez as the aggressor , and suggested that the other teens involved in the tangle of punches and blows were to blame .
" In my mind it was the lack of evidence to tie these kids to the serious charges that they brought , " defense lawyer Frederick Fanelli said .
A cast of witnesses provided conflicting accounts regarding who initiated the encounter and who exactly did what , complicating prosecutors ' efforts to assign blame .
" If you ask most prosecutors who are dealing with multiple defendants , and in this particular case there were at least four , it is extraordinary difficult to clear the fog of a fight , " truTV anchor Ashleigh Banfield said .
The 25 - year - old Mexican immigrant had settled in Shenandoah a year before his death with his wife , a lifelong resident of the faltering mining town , and their young children .
He was walking down a residential street with a friend when he encountered the group of teens , who had been drinking earlier in the evening .
Donchak was convicted of providing alcohol to the other teens who were involved in the confrontation , including a juvenile co-defendant and another teen who pleaded guilty in federal court for his role in the fight .
Prosecutors alleged that the teens baited the Ramirez into a fight with racial epithets , provoking an exchange of punches and kicks that ended with Ramirez convulsing in the street , foaming from the mouth .
He died two days later in a hospital .
Piekarsky was accused of delivering a fatal kick to Ramirez 's head after he was knocked to the ground .
As they poured out of courthouse , the teens ' supporters shouted " I was right from the start " and " I 'm glad the jury listened " at cameras that caught the late - night verdict .
But Gladys Limon , a spokeswoman for the Mexican - American Legal Defense and Education Fund , said the jury had sent a troubling message .
" The jurors here [ are ] sending the message that you can brutally beat a person , without regard to their life , and get away with it , continue with your life uninterrupted , " she said .
" In this case , the message is that a person who may not be popular in society based on their national origin or certain characteristic has less value in our society , " she said .
The extent of Ramirez 's injuries , which had left his brain oozing from his skull , according to medical testimony , should have sufficed for a conviction other than simple assault , Limon said .
" The acts here were egregious in brutality and it's just outrageous and very difficult to understand how any juror could have had reasonable doubt , especially as to the aggravated assault and the reckless enganderment charges , " she said .
Limon said her group intends to press the Department of Justice to file federal charges against the teens .
" Luis Ramirez 's family deserves vindication for his death , " she said .
" This incident has not only disrupted Luis Ramirez 's family , but the entire community . "
CNN 's Brian Rokus contributed to this report .
All About Pennsylvania • Hate Crimes • Murder and Homicide
Police are looking for a chubby man in his 50s who posed as a male modelling agent on the northern beaches and convinced a 19 - year - old man to strip for him during an audition .
The scout interviewed the eager teen - whom he met in Manly - over an eight - hour period , which included taking him to a bar and a restaurant and having his measurements taken .
But police believe it was never the intention of the man to hire the applicant as a model .
The " model scout ' ' first approached the 19 - year - old at his workplace in Manly in late April , police said .
He told him he was the owner of a male modelling agency , was interested in the teen , and invited him to come in to his Newport office the next day for an interview .
Photo by ssandars
Montana has big trout , big mountains , big skies and some very memorable bars .
Do n’t forget your bear - spray .
This article has been created in partnership between Matador and our friends at the State of Montana .
HERE ARE TEN of the finest , most colorful Montana watering holes I have had the pleasure of scarring my liver in .
Though there are many others that are worthy of this list , these bars are standouts due to their local flavor and their proximity to world class recreation .
The Palace Bar , Fort Benton
Located within a stones throw of the mighty Missouri River , The Palace Bar in Fort Benton beckons as a fine beverage house with a friendly attitude .
I first found the Palace Bar the night before an extended canoe trip many years ago .
With its aged wooden interior and friendly service my wife and I were soon feeling right at home .
A few drinks into our evening a woman in her sixties and her older sister walked in .
Turns out , the older sister was actually her 90 year old pistol of a mother .
This spry lass found a lonely piano against the wall , sat down and rocked the house .
Playing , singing , dancing and drinking , even at 90 she could party with the best .
We camped that night ( under a park bench ) along the river .
My wife had found slumber while I , fearing rain , was stowing our gear .
To say I was alarmed when I saw the beat up Lincoln Town car creeping towards us with no lights on would be an understatement .
I was armed when the car stopped and the high beams glared in my face .
I was relieved to hear the bartender ’s voice .
He had come just to inform us he ’d kept his word and acquired some horseradish for our mornings Bloody Marys .
Now that is service !
Fort Benton is quite the historic place .
It has had an important role in the settlement and exploitation of Montana .
These days it is better known as the last bastion of “ civilization ” before many Missouri river trips .
The Metlen , Dillon
I ’ve always had a knack for letting a normal drinking night erupt into a spontaneous party and on one of these nights I found The Metlen in Dillon .
Several years ago I helped haul a handicapped hunter and the deer he shot out of the woods .
We both got animals at about 10:00 am and his ride was n’t due back till after 5:00 .
By the time we had everything loaded up in my truck I was a tad parched and in need of refreshment .
When we hit the closest bar this guy told me to let him do the talking and I would n’t have to buy a drink all night .
Once he started telling the story of our day and my hauling him and two deer out of the hills , that booze started flowing like a river .
As the night wore on I was taken under the wing of these four random cowboys .
I do n’t remember most of the drive ( except a fight in Wisdom ) but apparently we crossed the Big Hole and went to Dillon .
My memory of the rest of the evening remains foggy except for one incident .
The cowboys I was with started another round of fights and this old guy I was sitting next to got fed up with the ruckus .
He casually got up , walked behind the bar and grabbed a can of bear deterrent pepper spray .
He leisurely walked up to the pile of people fighting and announced that if they “ could n’t drink like normal assholes ” he was going to hose down the lot of them with the spray .
As I recall , they all opted to start playing nice .
Dillon is located in the middle of some of the coolest country in the state .
You are close to the Big Hole , phenomenal climbing and backpacking and a whole host of blue ribbon trout streams .
Also , Dillon has a college so there is a decent nightlife for such a small town .
Finally , there is a Patagonia outlet store in Dillon that boasts annual clearance sales that are unbelievable .
West Glacier Bar , Glacier
Every good outdoor location needs to have somewhere nearby to re-hydrate and when in Glacier , the West Glacier Bar gets my vote .
I found this honey hole after a pack trip many moons ago .
After six hard days in the rugged terrain of Glacier the booze hit me hard and I fell asleep at my table around lunch time .
I awoke to the dinner crowd getting rowdy feeling refreshed and ready for round two .
Barn board walls and low lighting initially obscure the stuff on the walls .
As your eyes adjust you can see the pictures and relics on the walls and you begin to realize that the bar is a mecca for climbers , backpackers and whitewater enthusiasts .
Be prepared to hear several different languages on any given day as the park draws quite the international crowd .
Rocky Knob , near Conner
I was just a wee ladd of 19 when I first discovered the magic of the Rocky Knob .
I was a hunting guide at the time and I would cut loose , real loose , at the “ Sloppy Knob ” on my few nights off .
This is a fun loving redneck bar where almost anything goes as long as you do n’t act like a dink or like too much of an urbanite .
The bar is attached to a hotel and a restaurant that has semi- fine dining .
It is said that the bar was built in the 1940 ’s for a colorful lady named Ptomaine Joe who traded personal favors to the loggers and carpenters who built it for her .
I have gotten to know many folks that have worked there over the years and they all attest to the fact that the place is haunted .
The hunting and fishing in the area is awesome and the family friendly Lost Trail ski area is just a wee bit down the road .
Miner Saloon , Cooke City
If you should happen to be exploring the famed Lamar Valley of Yellowstone National Park , do yourself a favor and make the small side trip to Cooke City and the Miner Saloon .
Depending on the day and the bartender , this place can be an absolute riot .
It has a party waiting to happen year round and it does n’t take much for things to disintegrate into a drunken melee .
This place is surrounded by the Beartooth Wilderness and Yellowstone so there is plenty of fun to be had .
The fishing , ice climbing , backcountry skiing and snowmobiling are off the charts .
Coming through the park you will pass through neighboring Silver Gate which also has a fine beverage establishment .
If you have an off road type vehicle , I highly recommend taking the Bannock road between the two towns .
Do yourself a favor and be sure to drive this road in the daylight before trying it in the dark !
Charlie ’s Bar , Babb
I ’ve already mentioned the cool stuff going on around Glacier Park .
At the north east corner of the park is a little town called Babb .
Babb rocks !
The bar to visit in Babb used to be the Babb Bar .
In its day it ranked as one of the most dangerous bars in the country with shootings , and stabbings a regular event .
Today the Babb Bar is a restaurant and the place to go is Charlie ’s Bar .
Picture this , about a thousand twenty - something year old seasonal employees at the park , a daily influx of international visitors and the Browning Indian Reservation just down the road .
Now add great pizza and a constant stream of awesome live music and stiff drinks .
This is the beauty of Charlie’s .
The place is a party almost every night and it is a really chill scene with little harassment by local lawmen .
I have never had a bad time at Charlie ’s and the music scene is incredible .
If you find yourself in Babb , you are usually there for one reason , to enter the Many Glaciers area of Glacier Park .
In my opinion , this is the most picturesque , rugged and awe - inspiring region of the park and you must see it at least once in your life .
Good food at the old Babb Bar and good times at Charlie’s .
The Jack , Missoula
The Jack ( formerly the Lumber Jack Saloon ) , though close to the thriving metropolis of Missoula , is as wild a bar as you could ever desire .
The walls of the building are built from old growth cedars and the entire interior is hewn from local logs .
These days
The Jack has cabins for rent and all the facilities needed for big parties .
My beautiful bride and I were wed there and we have had many , many wild times on their grounds .
Anything can and does happen at the Jack .
They have live music most weekends and five star fried food .
Located about 16 miles up highway 12 , The Jack is close to Missoula and the Bitterroot Valley as well as Lolo Pass .
You are surrounded by great climbing , paddling , backcountry skiing , hot springs , hunting and fishing .
With the college town of Missoula nearby there is always an influx of party - minded folks .
# 1. Pony Bar , secret location
Located in a truly one horse town , the Pony Bar is my favorite out - of - the - way filling station .
It is secluded and almost unknown , and surrounded by mountains that get little attention .
There is climbing and hot springs nearby and everyone that finds their way to Pony came to party .
I ’m going to let this place be a little treasure for the serious drinker - adventurer to find .
Do me a favor though , when you find it help keep the secret !
Community Connection
Planning to visit Montana this summer ?
Pair up your Montana bar crawl with a tour of the Most Unique Local Food in the state .
We ’ve recently put together a special Montana In Focus page where you can find locally - written guides on Montana paddling as well as cycling , fly fishing , backpacking .
Check it out !
Do you have any favorite Montana bars ?
Let us know in the comments below ?
Richard Curtis never expected it to turn out like this – that an idea of toying with the comedy and sheer idiocy of pivotal moments in British history would end up a whole generation later as a hefty , multi-volume resource for teachers .
Blackadder , the most successful historical television sitcom yet conceived , is more than a quarter of a century old .
When the blundering Edmund Blackadder , with his absurd pointy shoes , basin haircut and equestrian ineptitude , made his first appearance in 1983 ( inadvertently decapitating Richard III at Bosworth Field ) , Margaret Thatcher was crushing Michael Foot at the polls in real life .
Between mouthfuls of porridge , Curtis , 52 , offers his theory on the lasting appeal of the show , which he co-created with its star , Rowan Atkinson .
" It seems to have been a trick of fate that something historical finds it easier to last , because it was out of date when it was made , " he says .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Since that first medieval incarnation of Edmund , Atkinson has embodied successive generations of the Blackadder dynasty , from the Elizabethan and Regency periods and then , perhaps most poignantly , as an army officer in the First World War trenches .
That series – Blackadder Goes Forth – was made in 1989 , since when Curtis ( who co-wrote the last three series with Ben Elton ) , has gone on to become a successful screenwriter and film director .
While box - office favourites such as Four Weddings And A Funeral , Notting Hill , Bridget Jones 's Diary and Love Actually flowed from Curtis 's pen , he was also writing another hit television comedy , The Vicar Of Dibley .
As his working relationship with Atkinson , a friend from their days at Oxford University , evolved into another endearingly uncoordinated comic icon , Mr Bean , Blackadder appeared to have been consigned to the TV archives – yet it had not gone away .
When Curtis recently returned to Harrow School , where he was once head boy , he was pleasantly surprised to find that the pupils , without exception , asked him not about his blockbusting cinematic romcoms but about a geek of ages past .
" They did n't give a damn about the movies , " he says .
It is not only at Harrow either .
" I think [ Blackadder ] is taught in schools , definitely the First World War series is .
I think teaching might be a slightly rich interpretation of it ; I think it is background atmosphere .
I 've got a feeling that when they do the Regency or the Elizabethan period , at some point after exams or a particularly hard prep , the DVDs go on , " he says .
" What is great is that they do n't think , ' Oh , here 's a hideously old - fashioned thing with people with mullet haircuts ' .
They think ' here 's some comedy I like set hundreds of years ago ' . "
The enduring appeal of the show is helped by the success its stars subsequently enjoyed .
Hugh Laurie is now internationally known as Dr Gregory House , while Stephen Fry is almost a national institution .
Curtis admits : " When somebody shoves on a DVD , instead of it being people they do n't know , it 's people they have come across , so it does feel more germane . "
In recent years , the occasional live Blackadder sketch has kept alive speculation about a fifth series , and Curtis will not rule this out .
In fact , he has a fine idea or , as the bumbling Baldrick ( played by Tony Robinson ) might put it , a " cunning plan " .
" It did occur to me the other day that it would have been funny to have done a fifth series set when we actually did the first series – in 1984 – with Blackadder working in No 10 and very annoyed about a series called Blackadder which showed his ancestors had been fools . "
But Curtis says his concern would be that , 26 years on , he and the team members might be too self - aware and end up " writing to a formula ... putting in lots of similes and lots of silly names " .
" I have always said that Blackadder was a young man 's show about how stupid people in authority were , " adds Curtis .
" There might be a time when we are all old men and we want to say how stupid young people are .
That moment has not yet quite arrived . "
Meanwhile , there is another time - travelling television project on his mind .
As a father of four children , he has become a big fan of Dr Who since it was revitalised four years ago by the Welsh writer Russell T Davies .
" I have been thinking of writing something my children would enjoy , " says Curtis .
" The fear of films is that you start a film when a child is 14 to amuse them and , by the time you 've finished it , they are 17 and would n't dream of watching it .
So I thought if I actually want to do something that will make my children happy , why not write for a show they do love and which turns itself around quickly , so I can be absolutely confident that I will be sitting in the living room in a year from now , watching something that they 'll like . "
He has not yet committed himself to writing for Dr Who , though it 's a notion that appeals to him .
Having been born in New Zealand and lived in various countries before arriving in Britain at the age of 11 , his experiences of children 's TV are quite different from his those of his peers .
" To be honest , I was not really a Dr Who person in its earliest manifestations , " he says .
" I never really got Blue Peter or Captain Scarlett or Thunderbirds or Dr Who .
In a way those are things you 've got to start watching when you are five and they then leak into your bones . "
Curtis is enthusiastic about the health of British TV comedy , being a fan of The IT Crowd and Flight Of The Conchords and someone who enjoys watching E4's The Inbetweeners with his children .
He does voice concerns about children 's history books ( " it 's a tough search to find a Napoleon or Wellington biography in a child - friendly form " ) and thinks that , although research was never its strongest suit , perhaps Blackadder can help here .
" We wrote the whole second series without ever reading a book , but it 's a weird thing the amount of history you know in your bones , " he says .
" After we 'd written Blackadder II , I gave Ben a Ladybird book of Elizabethan history for Christmas and it turned out we 'd covered 12 of the 13 chapters .
Somewhere in your bones , you know there was exploring , beheading , religious corruption , the invention of the cigarette and so on . "
He regrets that " kids do n't watch old historical movies on wet Sunday afternoons " any more , but maybe Blackadder ( which he thinks took its name from a " dodgy " Tony Curtis film called The Black Shield Of Falworth ) can fill that void too .
" Maybe what we are doing is providing the background buzz of inaccurate historical fiction , " he muses .
While there might be a shortage of biographies aimed at young readers , Terry Deary 's Horrible Histories series has been a publishing phenomenon , Curtis points out .
" It 's quite interesting that history education has moved in a Blackadder direction , " he says .
" It is trying to take the juiciness , violence , stupidity and oddness of old eras to look at it through a young kid's eyes . "
Blackadder Remastered : The Ultimate Edition , a deluxe box set of all four series with special features , is out on DVD today .
New Media
Obama in Farsi , on Twitter and WhiteHouse.gov
By Scott Wilson
President Obama today stepped up his condemnation of the Iranian government 's violent suppression of demonstrations -- and the White House wanted to make sure the Iranians themselves took note .
Obama began his mid-day news conference with a prepared statement in which he said " the United States and the international community have been appalled and outraged by the threats , beatings and imprisonments of the last few days . "
Soon after , the White House posted the statement on its website -- in English and Farsi .
In addition , White House staff provided a tweet of the news conference in Farsi and subtitled the web video of Obama delivering the statement in that language .
The multilingual outreach is of a piece with this White House 's extraordinary effort to ensure that as many Muslims as possible heard Obama 's June 4 speech in Cairo , his outreach to the Islamic world .
Transcripts of that speech were posted in 13 languages on the White House website , and the State Department provided a real - time SMS service in four languages ( including Farsi ) .
But the posting today also marks a shift , and perhaps a step closer to what the ruling clerics of Iran might call meddling .
The White House posted Obama 's more mild Saturday statement on the Iranian violence only in English , and there were no Farsi tweets to be heard .
A White House official said the translation was provided so the " Iranian people could read it in their own language . "
The official noted that Obama criticized the Iranian government today for mistranslating some of his statements in recent days to make it seem as if he is fomenting the unrest .
His statement today was also translated into Arabic .
Will the democracy advocates of Egypt , Syria and Saudi Arabia ( where women lobbying for the right to drive , among others , might take note of Obama 's praise for the bravery of Iranian women ) be inspired , as well ?
Posted at 6:06 PM ET on Jun 23 , 2009 | Category : New Media
Share This : Technorati | Tag in Del.icio.us | Digg This
Previous : White House Gets Its First Facebook App | Next : POTUS Events : Health Care on the Agenda
Add 44 to Your Site
Get This Widget >>
Be the first to know when there 's a new installment of The Trail .
This widget is easy to add to your Web site , and it will update every time there 's a new entry on The Trail .
Posted by : Observer44 | June 25 , 2009 1:11 PM
Posted by : twilightsing | June 24 , 2009 3:04 PM
Posted by : fairfaxvoter | June 24 , 2009 1:42 PM
Posted by : scrivener50 | June 24 , 2009 9:25 AM
Posted by : JackSmith1 | June 23 , 2009 9:33 PM
Posted by : mock1ngb1rd | June 23 , 2009 8:16 PM
Posted by : dv1236 | June 23 , 2009 7:58 PM
Posted by : BOBSTERII | June 23 , 2009 6:49 PM
The comments to this entry are closed .
Ms Ussher said she would also quit as an MP for family reasons Treasury minister Kitty Ussher has quit the government after questions were raised about her tax affairs .
Ms Ussher took the step amid reports she changed the designation of her Burnley home shortly before selling it in 2007 , avoiding capital gains tax .
Ms Ussher denied she did anything wrong and said she was stepping aside to prevent embarrassing the government .
The move comes on the eve of the publication of all MPs ' expenses on the Parliament website .
It also follows criticism by outgoing Commons Speaker Michael Martin of Parliament 's failure to get to grips with expenses reform last year .
Rising star Ms Ussher , Exchequer Secretary and MP for Burnley , resigned after speaking to Chancellor Alistair Darling and Prime Minister Gordon Brown on Wednesday .
She was immediately replaced at the Treasury by Communities Minister Sarah McCarthy - Fry .
Ms Ussher , who has two young children , said she would also stand down from Parliament at the next election , citing family reasons .
I arrived at this decision because I do not want to cause you or the government any embarrassment
Kitty Ussher
Expenses claims by MPs The BBC's Political Editor Nick Robinson said one of Labour 's rising stars had become the latest victim of the expenses saga - demonstrating that the issue was still haunting Westminster .
Ms Ussher was one of the MPs whose second home expenses claims were investigated by the Daily Telegraph .
However , her resignation relates to separate allegations about the sale of a property in 2007 on which it is reported she did not pay capital gains tax .
Under tax laws , people with more than one property are liable for capital gains tax on the sale of their second home , but must inform Revenue and Customs which this is .
' Within the rules '
It is reported Ms Ussher re-designated her home in Burnley as her principal residence for tax purposes a month before selling it , having previously nominated her London flat in this regard .
The BBC understands the MP 's accountants explicitly told her she could avoid capital gains tax if she followed a certain course of action and this letter is on her expenses file at the House of Commons .
As a result , it is alleged she and her husband saved a figure estimated to be between £ 9,750 and £ 16,800 .
Our correspondent said the move would have been highly controversial for any minister but was particularly damaging as Ms Ussher worked in the Treasury .
Several Labour MPs , including former Cabinet ministers Hazel Blears , Geoff Hoon and James Purnell , have faced questions over their tax liabilities on home sales .
All insisted they acted within the rules which allow MPs to nominate the same property as their principal residence for tax purposes and their second home for expenses .
Despite voluntarily repaying more than £ 13,000 to the tax authorities , Hazel Blears ' behaviour was condemned as " totally unacceptable " by Gordon Brown .
' Great regret '
In her resignation letter , Ms Ussher said her actions were in line with guidance from Revenue and Customs , the Commons authorities and the firm of accountants which she had consulted .
" It is with the greatest regret I have decided to resign from the government , " she said .
" After careful consideration I arrived at this decision because I do not want to cause you or the government any embarrassment . "
She added : " I did not do anything wrong .... Neither have I abused the allowance system of the House of Commons in any way . "
Ms Ussher added that she had decided some time ago to leave Parliament at the next election since being an MP was not congenial to raising a family .
" There is no other reason for the decision , " she added .
Departures Senior Labour backbencher John McFall , chair of the Treasury Select Committee , described Ms Ussher 's departure as " disappointing " .
Ms Ussher was only elected to Parliament in 2005 but rose quickly through the ranks , serving as City Minister and in the Work and Pensions Department before getting her most recent role in the reshuffle earlier this month .
Her resignation is the latest in a string of departures of ministers whose expenses have been criticised including Ms Blears and former Home Secretary Jacqui Smith .
Five Labour
MPs have been banned by the party from standing at the next election due to questionable claims while a number of Tory MPs have been forced to stand down at the next election because of their conduct .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
How are you cutting back during the Great Recession ?
Well , if you 're like most Americans , you 're probably eating crappier food but still watching a lot of TV .
A new Reuters / Ipsos poll suggests as much , at least .
The poll also proved that consumer confidence is finally leveling off after plummeting for months and months , but whatever .
Mostly we care about the sad little statistic that more people were willing to cut back on things like travel , activities , and , yes , even groceries than those who are willing to scale back on their cable and cell phone packages .
I mean , I guess all things considered , sitting at home not using gas and eating an off - brand French bread toaster pizza probably does even out the premium On Demand every - sport - ever cable packages so many of us enjoy .
And , hey .
At least education was the last thing to go .
Progress !
George Tiller , a doctor and abortion provider in Kansas , was shot and killed outside his church on Sunday .
The large majority of people on either side of the abortion debate are understandably horrified by an event like this .
But it sets up a rhetorical dilemma for anyone who takes seriously the claim that abortion is murder .
If George Tiller really was a " baby killer " comparable to Hitler and Stalin , it 's difficult to express unmitigated sadness at his murder .
So we get Randall Terry , founder of Operation Rescue , admitting regret -- but only that Tiller was a mass murderer who " did not have time to properly prepare his soul to face God . "
On those rare occasions when they attempt to actually talk to each other , people on opposite sides of the abortion debate usually end up talking past each other .
Supporters of abortion rights speak in the language of the autonomy of the mother , and her right to control her own body : " If you do n't like abortion , do n't have one . "
Opponents of abortion speak in terms of the personhood of the fetus .
( Yes , Dr. Seuss 's Horton Hears a Who ! --
" A person 's a person , no matter how small " -- is used to teach this point to Catholic children , over Theodor Geisel 's objections . )
Opposition to abortion rights can also be a manifestation of the desire to control women 's sexuality , but let 's concentrate on those whose opposition is grounded in a sincere moral belief that abortion is murder .
If someone believes that abortion really is murder , talk of the reproductive freedom of the mother is n't going to carry much weight -- nobody has the right to murder another person .
Supporters of abortion rights do n't say " No , this is one case where murder is completely justified . "
Rather , they say " No , the fetus is not a person , so abortion is not murder . "
The crucial question ( I know , this is not exactly an astonishing new insight ) is whether a fetus is really a person .
I have nothing original to add to the debate over when " personhood " begins .
But there is something to say about how we decide questions like that .
And it takes us directly back to the previous discussion about marriage and fundamental physics .
The upshot of which is : how you think about the universe , how you conceptualize the natural world around us , obviously is going to have an enormous impact on how you decide questions like " When does personhood begin ? "
In a pre-scientific world , life was -- quite understandably -- thought of as something intrinsically different from non-life .
This view could be taken to different extremes ;
Plato gave voice to one popular tradition , by claiming that the human soul was a distinct , incorporeal entity that actually occupied a human body .
These days we know a lot more than they did back then .
Science has taught us that living beings and non-living objects are the same kind of things , deep down ; we 're all made of the same chemical elements , and all of our constituents obey the same laws of Nature .
Life is complicated , and rich , and fascinating , and not very well understood -- but it does n't obey separate rules apart from those of the non-living world .
Living organisms are just very complicated chemical reactions , not vessels that rely on supernatural essences or mystical élan vital to keep them chugging along .
Except " just " is a terribly misleading adverb in this context -- living organisms are truly amazing very complicated chemical reactions .
Knowing that we are made of the same stuff and obey the same rules as the rest of the universe does n't diminish the value or meaning of human life in any way .
There is a temptation in some quarters to forget , or at least ignore , the improved understanding of the world that science has given us when it comes to address moral and ethical questions .
Part of that is a healthy impulse -- science does n't actually tell us how to distinguish right from wrong , nor could it possibly .
Science deals with how the world works , not how it should work , and despite centuries of trying it remains impossible to derive " ought " from " is . "
But at the same time , it would be crazy not to take our scientific understanding of the world into consideration when we reflect upon moral questions .
If you think of a fetus as part of an ongoing complicated chemical reaction , it should come as no surprise that you might reach very different conclusions from someone who thinks that God breathes the spirit of life into a fertilized ovum at the moment of conception .
That 's why it 's equally crazy to believe that science and religion are two distinct , non-overlapping magisteria that simply never address the same questions .
That bizarre perspective was advanced by Stephen Jay Gould in Rocks of Ages , but if you read the book carefully you find that his definition of " religion " is simply " moral philosophy . "
Which is not what the word means , or how people use it , or how actual religious people think of their beliefs .
Religion makes claims about the real world , and some of those claims -- not all -- can be very straightforwardly judged by the criteria of science .
We do not need to invoke spirits being breathed into fertilized eggs in order to understand life , for example .
And the fact that science has taught us so much about the workings of the world has enormous consequences for how we should think about moral and ethical questions , even if it can't answer such questions all by itself .
For example , science is powerless to tell us when " personhood " begins -- but it tell us something very crucial about how to go about answering that question .
In particular , it tells us that there is no magical moment at which an incorporeal soul takes up residence in a body .
Indeed , the concept of a " person " is not to be found anywhere in the natural world ; it 's a category that is convenient to appeal to as we try to make sense of the world .
But there is not , as far as science is concerned , any right or wrong answer to the question of when the life of a person begins -- from Nature 's point of view , it 's just one chemical reaction after another .
At this point , a lot of impatient people declare that morality and ethics are simply impossible in such a world , and storm out in frustration .
But this is the world in which we actually live , so storming out is not a productive response .
Morality and ethics are possible , but they 're not to be found in Natural Law -- they are the creation of human beings , reasoning together on the basis of their shared feelings and experiences .
Human beings are not blank slates , nor are they immutable tablets ; we are born into the world with certain wants and desires and natural reactions to events , and those feelings can adapt and change over time in response to learning and reasoning .
So we get together , communicate , understand that not everyone necessarily agrees on how the social world should be organized , and try to negotiate some sort of mutual compromise .
( Or , alternatively , try to impose our will by force .
But I like the mutual compromise approach better . )
That 's how the world actually works .
" The moment when a fetus begins to accrue the rights we bestow on post - birth persons " is something that we , as a society , have to decide ; the answer is not to be found in revelation , or in faith , or in philosophical contemplation of the nature of the soul , or for that matter in the natural world .
This starting point is not necessarily prejudicial to what the final answer may be ; I can certainly imagine a group of people coming together and agreeing that newly - conceived fetuses should be granted all the rights of any person .
I would argue against them , on the basis that the interests of an autonomous and fully conscious mother should weigh much more heavily than those of the proto - person they carry .
But I can't say that they are unambiguously wrong in the same way that an erroneous claim about logic or even the empirical world can be said to be " wrong . "
If the social and political arrangement of a group puts stress on the autonomy of its individual responsible members ( which ours does , and I like it that way ) , deciding what the criteria are for being judged an " individual responsible member " is of primary importance .
Who gets to vote ?
Who gets to drive a car ?
Who decides when to unplug the respirator ?
Who is of " sound mind " ?
Who is a person ?
These are all hard questions with no cut - and - dried answers .
But we can be fooled into thinking that some of the answers are pretty straightforward , if we believe in outdated notions of spirits being breathed into us by God .
There are many reasons why it 's incoherent to think of science and religion as simply separate and non-overlapping .
They are different , but certainly overlapping .
The greatest intellectual accomplishment of the last millennium is the naturalistic worldview : everything is constructed of the same basic building blocks , obeying the same rules , without any recourse to the supernatural .
Appreciating that view does n't tell us how we should behave , but failing to appreciate it can very easily lead people to behave badly .
News in Science
Ancient Arctic beasts ate rotting matter
Creatures roaming the balmy swamps and forests of the prehistoric Arctic survived the long dark season by switching diets , according to a new study .
Instead of migrating south or hibernating for the winter like most animals today , they endured , foraging in dormant forests through the long polar gloaming .
The research , which was led by Jaelyn Eberle , an assistant professor at the University of Colorado in Boulder , appears in the latest edition of the journal Geology .
Canada 's Ellesmere Island is a frigid tundra .
But 53 million years ago it resembled a swamp , teeming with plants and crowded with alligators , turtles and tapirs .
Even lemur - like creatures swung from the trees .
Scientists have long wondered how the animals survived the long winter .
Though temperatures did n't often get below freezing , plants must have gone into hibernation during the six months of darkness .
New evidence extracted from the teeth of the hippopotamus - like Coryphodon suggests they subsisted on leaf litter , decaying fruits and twigs through the winter .
Eberle and colleagues sampled carbon isotopes from the teeth of nine Coryphodons , three tapirs and two rhinoceros - like brontotheres , all of which lived on ancient Ellesmere .
The results show the plant - eaters lived off of abundant flowering plants , leaves and greenery in the spring and summer months .
But in the winter they switched to eating dead and dying plant matter and fungi .
' Stranger than fiction '
" People first discovered alligators in the high Arctic in 1975 , and I 've been going up there since the 1990's , " says Eberle .
" But we never thought to stop and ask ' why ? ' or ' how ? '
How were these animals able to survive up there - what made them special ? "
Eberle speculates the land - bound creatures evolved a unique digestive system .
Dead plant matter is mostly low in nutritional value , so the animals must have compensated each winter by eating huge amounts of food , and thoroughly digesting it .
" In a way this is a case of truth being stranger than fiction .
We do n't have an ecosystem like this extinct ecosystem .
It 's amazing how resistant to changes in light these animals can be , " says Christopher Beard of the Carnegie Museum of Natural History in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
He says Eberle 's theory is " a persuasive , interesting hypothesis , " though he stresses that it 's still far from certain .
As global warming affects the Arctic , Eberle expects animals will again move north .
But she says it 's unlikely alligators or hippos will soon return .
The early Eocone climate of Ellesmere was drastically warmer than present day , averaging temperatures 25 °C more back then .
" I am not trying to say cats are stupid , just they are different .
We are so anthropomorphic we can't see the world through their eyes . "
TOKYO - A Japanese computer game in which players rape women and girls , impregnate them and then force them to get abortions has stirred international criticism among human rights groups and lawmakers overseas .
New York - based international human rights organization Equality Now has demanded that the sale of the game , developed by a Yokohama - based firm in 2006 , be banned in Japan and overseas .
In the video game , a player gropes two girls , who appear to be teenagers , and their mother while on a train , then rapes the three , impregnating them .
The player then forces the three to terminate their pregnancies .
The game has been discussed by overseas - based human rights organizations .
In Britain , lawmakers learned that the game could be purchased on the Amazon online shopping site and proposed a motion in Parliament in February expressing their opposition to domestic distribution of the game .
Following this move - widely reported in the British media and other countries - Britain - based Amazon.co.uk halted the sale of the game later that month , with a similar decision made by the Amazon headquarters in the United States soon after .
In Japan , however , regulation of child pornography is lax , so the game is still available via online shopping sites , despite Amazon Japan recently halting sales .
In early May , Equality Now released a statement saying that in Japan the games industry profits from games featuring violence against girls and women .
It also criticized the growing market for pornography found in Japan known as " roricon , " or " Lolita complex , " which has a child pornography theme .
In the statement , the human rights organization also criticizes the government , saying it should take measures to ban the distribution of such games .
On Wednesday , Equality Now began asking its 30,000 members in 160 countries to send letters of protest to those who make and sell computer games that feature violation of women , such as rape and confinement .
It called for letters of protest to be sent to the games maker , companies that stock such games for sale , Prime Minister Taro Aso and other senior government officials .
Japan - based human rights groups also have started lobbying the industry to make changes .
Under domestic law , salacious images of children aged less than 18 are considered child pornography , and production and sale of such images is banned .
However , possession of child pornography by individuals - including images downloaded on computers - is not considered illegal in the country .
The production and sale of animated and computer - generated pornographic images are not regulated under the law .
International groups have called for the possession of child pornography to be made illegal in Japan .
An official of the Yokohama maker in question told The Yomiuri Shimbun : " We were given official approval for domestic sale of this game by the institution the industry established for voluntary screening ( of games ) .
" We were n't aware of the protest by the overseas human rights organization , so I can't comment on the issue , " the official said .
Hiroshi Nakasatomi , a gender studies researcher and associate professor of Fukushima University , said , " Japan is known as a leading producer of game software and animation featuring sexual abuse of women .
The genre is called hentai ( pervert ) overseas , and human rights groups abroad have long been critical ( of this type of product ) . "
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
BP appears to be back pedaling on its vaunted commitment to alternative energy , renewing old skepticism about what the company formerly known as British Petroleum really stands for .
BP recently shuttered its alternative energy headquarters in London and plans to slash its $ 1.4 billion alternative energy budget by as much as 64 percent this year , the Guardian reports .
Its clean energy boss , Vivienne Cox , is officially stepping down to spend more time with her family , though some industry insiders tell the paper that she ’s frustrated over the business being downgraded in importance .
Though BP has long led the oil industry in acknowleging climate change and investing in renewables , alternative energy investments make up only 5 percent of its portfolio .
“ Even its support of Kyoto is pilloried as disingenuous , ” Paul Roberts wrote in this magazine in 2006 .
“ BP happens to be overstocked in reserves of natural gas , a fuel that emits less CO2 than coal or oil , and whose price would rise steeply if society was forced to cut carbon emissions . ”
In 2006 , BP pleged to triple its production of solar panels over the next three years .
Yet this April , the company closed down solar power manufacturing plants in Spain and the US , with the loss of 620 jobs .
Tony Hayward , BP ’s new chief executive , has publicly questioned whether solar would ever become cost competive with fossil fuels , even as companies like BrightSource Energy are winning big contracts and rapidly closing the cost gap .
Instead , BP has shifted its focus towards exploiting Canada ’s controversial tar sands , and to biofuels research .
Last year it began funding Berkeley ’s Energy Biosciences Institute in a deal brokered by professor Steven Chu , now Obama ’s Energy Secretary .
The Waxman - Markey climate bill provides major subsidies for the fuels .
To BP ’s credit , its committment to greenwashing appears to be slipping too .
It no longer uses the “ Beyond Petroleum ” tag and nor brags atop the New Republic ‘s environment blog that the site is “ Powered by BP . ”
Perhaps the company should be called Basically Prosaic .
Clinton will host a private fund - raiser June 20th at a Cleveland - area home for Fisher , who is trying to knock out Secretary of State Jennifer Brunner , who trails Fisher in fund - raising and insists she is not getting out of the Democratic primary .
The event will likely give Fisher a boost in the second quarter of fund - raising , which closes June 30th .
Fisher is hoping to keep financial pressure on Brunner by widening his money lead .
At the close of the first quarter , Fisher reported raising just over $ 1 million , though not all the money can be used in the primary .
( The figure also was propped up a bit by loans Fisher made to the campaign .
Cash on hand looked good because he left some bills unpaid . )
Still , it was far more than Brunner , who reported raising just a bit more than $ 200,000 .
“ Creating regulatory oversight specifically for the benefit of consumers is overdue .
Economic recovery measures that strengthen the middle class are the fastest and most enduring method to return our country to prosperity ; financial institutions that have contributed to middle class turbulence , yet benefited from tax dollars and government support , must be made to account for their future actions to ensure a lasting economic recovery and real change ...
The truth is consumer protections have not been pursued or adequately monitored by the government agencies that are in place now .
It is time to rethink old practices and move in a direction that helps Americans who are trying to act responsibly , to change old spending habits and to take care of their families . "
“ As middle - class Americans have been trying to pay down their credit balances and spend responsibly , financial institutions are pushing off on consumers the effects of poor decisions and the excesses of executives whose extravagances are not enjoyed by everyday Americans .
Now , instead of doing what ordinary consumers are forced to do -- tighten their belts and make it on what they have -- it is expected that some of these institutions will be leveraging their superior financial position to gouge the very lifeblood of their businesses until the law takes effect and they are forced to treat their customers with respect .
All of us , citizens and corporate citizens alike , should share in the sacrifices needed for economic recovery ...
Any corporation that receives the benefit from the government of shielding its shareholders , officers and directors from personal liability for their actions should step up and be responsible to the customers they serve , and they should do it now .
For those corporate citizens unable or unwilling to make the sacrifices , Congress should quickly stop them from the anticipatory moves they can make to shield themselves from the impact of the law when it takes effect . "
Primaries -- normally the grassroots like 'em and the Inside - the - Beltway Establishment hates 'em .
They cost a lot of money that can go to attacking the other party , cause friction in your own party , can ... well when the damn base gets involved , can happen .
Yes , it can ; it 's called democracy .
And right now we have party hacks like John Cornyn ( R - TX ) and Orrin Hatch ( R - UT ) at the NRSC trying to prop up Charlie Crist -- popular with Florida 's general public but distrusted by the right - wing Republican Party base -- against a radical right fanatic who is more in sync with the extremism of characters like Rush Limbaugh , Glenn Beck , Dick Cheney and Ann Coulter which dominates the intraparty debate .
Similarly we are watching with dismay as Democratic Beltway Insiders are attempting to anoint favored candidates and cut out grassroots voters in the states .
Pennsylvania Democrats are displeased that Joe Biden and Ed Rendell , who is rumored to want a sick , elderly seat - warmer like semi-Democrat Arlen Specter to keep the seat open for himself eventually , are trying to shove someone they do n't trust down their throats . [ : Sunday ' shas a what 's the matter with Pennsylvania column , highlighting the stupidity of the Democratic leadership in rescuing the treacherous and self - serving Specter . ]
In New York state , you have a similar situation .
Biden who 's made a career of being a corporatist shill is n't only trying to make sure Republican Arlen Specter has no Democratic primary to contend with , but is also trying to clear the field for Blue Dog Kirsten Gillibrand .
The Insiders were able to bribe Long Island moderate Steve Israel into dropping out ( and something or someone changed implacable Gillibrand foe Carolyn McCarthy 's mind ) and now Biden is working on progressive icon Carolyn Maloney Hank Sheinkopf , a New York - based Democratic strategist , warns that Maloney " has been a good fundraiser over the course of her career , but the institutional powers who want to keep her from running are going to try to block that money . "
He 's talking about Biden and Schumer .
The other Democrat in the race -- progressive activist Jonathan Tasini -- is beyond the reach of the Beltway creatures because he's all about progressive values and policies , not their partisan games .
" Progressives , " he told me on the phone yesterday , " should be 100 percent in favor of primaries and against attempts to shut down the democratic process and the ability of voters to have choices .
"
The most establishment and conservative forces within the Democratic Party are working for the most establishment and conservative candidates .
And it is n't only in Pennsylvania and New York .
They already managed to clear the field for a disastrous loser in Florida , a corrupt and untested backbencher , Kendrick Meek , who could n't beat Charlie Crist if Crist campaigned in the latest Jason
Wu gown , high heels and a diamond tiara .
We can think corporatist fundraiser William Jefferson Clinton for that .
And Meek is n't the only less progressive Democrat for whom Clinton is doing fundraisers .
Wherever a Democratic primary pits a progressive against a corporate shill , you can be sure Bill Clinton will show up to help the shill raise money against the progressive .
A few weeks ago we talked with Ohio Secretary of State Jennifer Brunner , the progressive candidate for the open Senate seat .
She 's a much stronger candidate against the Big Business candidate the GOP is putting up , George Bush 's Rob Portman , but the Establishment prefers Lee Fischer -- and yesterday we found this item in the Cleveland Plain Dealer
So the man who pushed through NAFTA , which devastated Ohio 's economy , who signed the repeal of Glass - Steagall , which was just about as Republican as anything George Bush ever did to the economy , and who made an exception for Rupert Murdoch so he could buy Fox and launch the worst right - wing propaganda network since the launch of the , is supposed to be athing ?
People have short memories .
But I can understand why a corporate shill like Clinton -- look , he was one before he became president ; he was one while he was president and now ...
I would n't be shocked to see him dressed up in a Ronald McDonald outfit someday soon -- would prefer a candidate less committed to ordinary working families than Jennifer Brunner .
I would n't be surprised if he brings Harold Ford along for the ride .
After all , Ford is chairman of the conservative DLC , just like Clinton ( as well as Lieberman and super - lobbyist John Breaux used to be ) .
The folks who bankroll Clinton -- and the DLC -- these days might not like Brunner 's vision :
That 's the kind of stuff corporatists -- whether Republicans or Democrats ( like Bill Clinton ) just hate .
And Brunner goes much further .
After passage of thetepid Credit Cardholder Bill of Rights a couple weeks ago Brunner was urging Congress to pass an anti-usury law : " [ W ]e need to quickly impose a cap on [ credit card ] interest rates so that the bill has some teeth and actually protects everyday Americans when it finally becomes law .
It must have freaked Clinton out to hear her say that she plans to seek passage of a rate cap , like the one Bernie Sanders introduced , if elected to the Senate .
Just one Republican joined 32 Democrats in voting for a credit card interest rate cap , an anti-usury bill .
Brunner would have been # 34 .
Labels : New York , Ohio Florida , Pennsylvania , primaries , Senate 2010
Greetings all .
As previously mentioned in my blog , I am still dealing with those bothersome " rebels " who dare challenge my rule .
Last night I devised a brilliant solution : I shall order all soldiers on the battlefield to retreat .
The rebels shall ignorantly claim victory , but their cheers shall shall soon be silenced by the planet - annihilating laser from my massive floating weapons fortress .
My first target shall be Alderaan , which will cripple and demoralize their forces throughout the universe .
This " Death Star " I plan to build shall span 260 miles in length , and shelter nearly 266,000 of my deadliest warriors .
However , I am unsure how to get wireless working efficiently in it .
Does anybody know what kind of download speeds Comcast offers ?
Thanks ,
D_Vader
Making beats has never been easier .
Produce music with your computer by creating melodies and beats , synthesizing and mixing sounds , arranging samples and much more .
Playback instruments , samples and plugins with a typing or MIDI keyboard in a user - friendly and modern interface .
SAN FRANCISCO ( MarketWatch ) -- China is taking a tough line ahead of key climate talks next month , demanding heavy cuts for other , richer nations and payouts to itself , according to a Japanese news report Friday .
The Nikkei report cited official Chinese statements Thursday calling on wealthier countries to cut greenhouse gas emissions 40 % by 2020 from 1990 levels , and help pay for reduction schemes in poor countries , according to a published report .
In a message to the two - day meeting of the United Nations Committee on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People , Mr. Ban expressed his serious concern over the humanitarian situation in the Gaza Strip .
“ Nearly five months after the end of the hostilities , nothing beyond basic needs such as food and medicine is allowed in , ” he said , noting that current conditions preclude the success of recovery efforts and long - term development initiatives .
“ I call on Israel to allow in the fuel , funds and materials that are urgently required to repair destroyed and damaged schools , clinics , sanitation networks and shelters and to restore a functioning market , ” the Secretary - General said in the message to the gathering in Jakarta delivered by Noeleen Heyzer , Executive Secretary of the UN Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific ( ESCAP ) .
In the West Bank , he said , progress is blocked by the Israel Defence Forces ’ routine incursions .
“ Palestinians continue to endure unacceptable unilateral actions , such as house demolitions , intensified settlement activity , settler violence , and ever increasing movement restrictions due to permits , checkpoints and the wall and fence barrier , ” Mr. Ban stressed .
“ The time has come for Israel to fundamentally change its policies in this regard , as it has repeatedly promised to do . ”
A “ full settlement freeze ” in both the West Bank and East Jerusalem is necessary , he added .
The Secretary - General said that there had been almost no progress on the Security Council resolutions calling for a durable and fully respected ceasefire , prevention of the illicit supply of weapons to Gaza , the reopening of the crossings and Palestinian reconciliation under the legitimate Palestinian Authority .
“ We have a clear objective , ” he said , which is “ an independent , democratic and viable Palestinian State living side - by - side in peace and security with Israel , and a just , lasting and comprehensive peace in the region . ”
He said he is encouraged by United States President Barack Obama ’s commitment to the objectives and said he is looking forward to a meeting , in the near future , of the Middle East Quartet – made up of the UN , European Union , Russia and US – to discuss peace in the region .
As expected , the new Apple iPhone 3GS is out .
We were right :
The photos of the new iPhone were real .
Here you have a comprehensive guide to the iPhone 3GS ' new features :
Advertisement
Speed
The " S " stands for " SPEED ! "
And according to Apple , it is faster launching applications or rendering Web pages .
• The iPhone 3GS has a new processor built - in .
Apple claims that it is up to two times faster than the previous generation : Launching messages is 2.1 faster , load the NY Times in Safari : 2.9 times faster .
It also consumes less , which has an impact on the improved battery life .
Advertisement
Camera
This is one of the strong points of the iPhone 3GS , according to Apple .
They increased the resolution to 3 megapixels , which — judging from the shots they showed - seems much better quality under all conditions .
• 3 Megapixels sensor .
• New camera , with auto focus , auto exposure , and auto white balance .
• You can also tap to focus , changing white balance in the process .
That is really neat , if you ask me .
• Special macro and low light modes .
• The camera also supports photo and video geotagging .
• Any application can access all the camera functions now .
• It supports video , 30 frames per second VGA with auto focus , auto white balance , and auto exposure .
• You can trim the video shot just using your finger , then share it via MMS , email , MobileMe and YouTube .
Advertisement
Connectivity
The other part of the " S " is the support for the faster 7.2 Mbps 3G standard , which in theory will deliver data faster to your iPhone .
• Three band UMTS / HSDPA .
• Four band GSM / EDGE .
• Wi-Fi 802.11b/g .
• Bluetooth 2.1 + EDR
Advertisement
Graphics
• The new iPhone 3GS includes new 3D graphics support in hardware .
This means faster and more complicated 3D games .
• Same 3.5 - inch widescreen multitouch display , but this time it has a fingerprint - resistant oleophobic coating .
I wonder if it will withstand a full frontal Shake Shack burger attack .
Design
Advertisement
• Same design as before , including the glossy finish of the back ( so much for all the rumors about the matte back . )
• Same size as the old iPhone 3G : 4.5 x 2.4 x 0.48 inches .
• The weight increases a bit :
One ounce to 4.8 ounces ( 135 grams vs 133 grams ) .
• Greener materials : Arsenic - free glass , BDF - free , Mercury - free LCD .
Advertisement
New special features
Advertisement
• It has a magnetometer , which works with a Compass application , third parties , and it is integrated into the new Google maps app , showing your orientation with a small semitransparent cone .
• Voice control .
You can now talk with your iPhone , Enterprise - style .
You can instruct it to play similar songs to the one you are playing , or call people .
• Nike + support built in .
• Supports accessibility features , like zooming on text , inverting video , and voice over when you touch whatever text is on screen .
Advertisement
Battery life
• One of the more important new features is the increased battery life .
• According to Apple , you will get up to 12 hours of talk time on 2G and 5 on 3G , with a up to 300 hour standby time .
• On 3G , it will deliver 5 hours of internet use .
• On Wi-Fi , Internet goes up to 9 hours .
• Video playback is 10 hours vs 30 hours for audio .
Advertisement
Price and availability
• $ 199 for 16GB version .
• $ 299 for 32 GB version .
• Available on June 19th .
If you are " a valued AT&T customer , " AT&T offers an " early iPhone upgrade with a new 2 - yr commitment and an $ 18 upgrade fee . "
The price ?
$ 399.00 for the 16GB iPhone 3G S and $ 499.00 for the 32GB iPhone 3G S.
It gets worse :
For non-qualified customers , including existing AT&T customers who want to upgrade from another phone or replace an iPhone 3G , the price with a new two - year agreement is $ 499 ( 8GB ) , $ 599 ( 16GB ) , or $ 699 ( 32GB ) .
Advertisement
Insane .
Way to go AT&T .
Advertisement
Click to view
Hello all !
I know you missed me .
Welcome to you new people , and welcome back to those who have been patient with my travels .
SXSW and then Webcomics Weekend were both amazing , and you will be able to read more about both in the blog ( below the comic ) soon .
As for the comic :
You can almost hear the Incredible Hulk hitchhiking music playing in the last panel , ca n’t you ?
Considering it started out as a racist joke , I ’m pretty proud I just wound up making fun of this cop guy .
You may remember that the cop has not had the best of luck .
By the way , GUEST COMICS .
Thanks to all of you who sent things in !
I know I did n’t get to all of them , so I ’ll be playing through the rest on the weekends and saving a few for the next time I need a break .
All of you are greatly appreciated for sending them in , even if it has n’t gone up yet .
It will in time , I promise .
I ’m always looking for more , and as you can guess they are n’t hard to draw :) .
A movie about the duo behind Facebook is in the works , with Aaron ' West Wing ' Sorkin writing .
But you already know this , as we told you back in August .
However , the rumour mill is a-churning and some interesting names have been attached to the project .
Ain't It Cool News is reporting that the movie could be directed by none other than David Fincher – he of Fight Club and Se7en fame .
No , we can't really see it happening either , but the director did show a more mawkish , softer side with The Curious Case Of Benjamin Button , so maybe he can bring something to a film that 's essentially about computer geeks getting rich at a very young age .
Accidental Billionaires
Mashable is also reporting that two of the most famous twenty - somethings working in Hollywood at the moment are up for the part of Mark Zuckerberg , the founder of Facebook – Michael Cera and Shia LeBeouf .
Strangely , we predicted both of these in our news story back in August .
The film is based on the book The Accidental Billionaires , by Ben Mezrich .
According to those who have read the tome , the book does n't portray Mark Zuckerberg in the best light , so it will be interesting to see what angle the movie takes .
Via Ain't It Cool
The May 18 meeting between President Obama and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is critical for both nations .
US - Israeli relations are in danger of deteriorating to the lowest point since Dwight Eisenhower ordered Israeli troops to evacuate Sinai in 1956 – an event that contributed to the 1967 Six - Day War .
The summit may define relations between these two democracies for the duration of the Obama administration and beyond .
The White House seems to be intentionally slighting Israel in advance of the summit , even as it raises the stakes .
Obama 's chief of staff , Rahm Emanuel , and National Security Adviser Gen. James Jones appear to have linked US willingness to stop Iran 's nuclear program to receiving Israeli concessions regarding the two - state solution .
This is both immoral and counterproductive .
Immoral , because it is dangerously close to blackmailing the Jewish state with a nuclear holocaust , planned by the Holocaust denier - in - chief , Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
Counterproductive , because potential Iranian nukes would threaten American interests and allies in the Middle East , including the oil - producing Gulf states .
The Obama administration is advocating steps that would jeopardize Israeli security .
There is concern that it might approve an Arab - backed plan that could compel Israel to withdraw to indefensible 1967 cease - fire lines .
The late , dovish Israeli foreign minister , Abba Eban , called these lines " the borders of Auschwitz . "
The administration supports dividing Jerusalem to make a Palestinian capital .
Such division was not a happy solution for Berlin decades ago .
Jerusalem should not be cut in half by barbed wire fences .
It also wants Israel to join the ineffective Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty .
The US had committed in a bilateral agreement not to tamper with the Israeli nuclear shield .
At a time when Iran seems on the verge of acquiring nuclear weapons , this is like demanding that a man in a rough neighborhood give up his shotgun when the criminal next door is getting a Kalashnikov .
All this occurs at a time when the terrorist organization Hamas is gaining strength .
Polls predict that it would win Palestinian elections .
If " Hamastan " arises in Gaza and the West Bank , it will probably become the next terror state , one keenly interested in destabilizing the US ally Jordan , as well .
The bigger picture is even more alarming .
The administration is spending precious time and political capital trying for a quick fix to an intractable conflict .
Obama and his top officials are meeting with the kings of Saudi Arabia and Jordan , the Egyptian president , the Europeans , and the Russians to effectively develop a plan that Israel had no part in formulating – and which would be imposed on it by extreme pressure .
This grand design is based on the " Arab peace plan " penned by the Saudis .
It envisions settling millions of the 1948 Palestinian refugees and their descendants in Israel , a country the size of New Jersey .
This would irrevocably change the nature of Israel and create an ever greater terror threat .
In pursuing this track , the Obama administration risks repeating the mistakes of its predecessors who also eagerly embraced instant solutions .
Consider Camp David II in 2000 , after which Yasser Arafat triggered the second intifada that killed more than 5,000 overall .
The administration seems to be making three grave errors .
The first is disregarding reality .
The entrenched hostility of the Arab world and radical Muslims toward Israel is there for all to see .
The core issue is that the Arab elites have not accepted Israel 's existence in the region .
This fundamental point cannot be overlooked .
A second major mistake is arm - twisting a staunch democratic ally to curry favor among a deeply anti-American Arab and Islamic world .
Doing so would send a message of weakness .
America 's allies from Japan to India to the Baltics will take note .
A new wave of anti-American attacks – in Iraq , in the Gulf , and even on American soil – may be the unintended consequence .
The third mistake is to reward terrorism .
A seven - year barrage of rockets from Gaza has not broken the will of the Israelis .
Neither have the terror attacks , which killed nearly 1,200 Israelis since 2000 – mathematically proportional to 50,000 deaths in America .
We should not allow the threat of terror to break the will of America to stand up to terror masters and financiers .
Israelis would be delighted to live in peace with their neighbors .
But that can't happen until Hamas and Fatah abandon terror and cease teaching hatred to their children , brainwashing them about suicide bombing , and driving Jews into the sea .
Palestinians have a long way to go to develop civil society , the rule of law , and economic prosperity before being ready to run a state .
Israel will be in grave danger unless Washington stands with its ally in this fight for survival .
The Middle East needs US leadership , but not the kind of leadership that imperils Israel while creating a Hamas - controlled terror state .
Ariel Cohen is a senior research fellow at the Heritage Foundation 's Davis Institute .
Moscow has lost he title of the world 's most expensive city for foreigners , which it held for three years in a row , and passed it over to Tokyo .
Weird news / Lithuanians turn public toilets into traps for vandals
Anyone who happens to visit a public toilet in Klaipeda , Lithuania , should be careful not to spend longer than five minutes inside – after that time limit the doors will automatically get blocked .
This is the city authorities ’ idea of fighting vandalism .
Culture / Russian dissident writer Vasily Aksyonov dies at 76
The famous Russian writer Vasily Aksyonov has died at a Moscow hospital after a year of recovery from stroke .
Weird news /
World ’s strongest vagina breaks own record lifting 14 kilos A Russian woman has set a new world record , lifting a 14 kilos glass ball with her vagina muscles .
Politics / Medvedev -Obama meeting ends with smiles and weapons understanding US President Barack Obama called his talks today with his Russian colleague Dmitry Medvedev “ productive . ”
He said the meeting was time well spent and expressed his certainty that the two leaders will achieve progress on any topics they discuss .
So far , their main topic of discussion has been weapons reduction , and they have come to a number of notable agreements .
Russia in the World / FBI detains Russian programmer for stealing secret Goldman Sachs codes
The FBI is holding a Russian man on allegations that he has stolen secret Goldman Sachs program codes .
Politics / With Obama in Moscow , Putin goes to South Russia to examine combine harvester plant
As the US president arrived in Moscow for a short but intense visit , Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin left the capital for the city of Rostov - on - Don to visit the Rostselmash combine - making plant .
If your chiropractic clinic has been experiencing a lot of growth , you ’ll want to be sure you ’re able to meet these increased demands .
You should n’t be overwhelmed by the increase in patients that you ’re experiencing .
You should use this growth to build your business into something that ’s bigger and better .
Your patients must understand why they should choose chiropractors over other doctors for their problems .
Make Sure It ’s Easy For Patients To Get In Touch With You
If your patients ca n’t get in touch with you to ask a few questions or schedule an appointment , they might wind up feeling a little bit frustrated .
They could even choose to schedule their appointment somewhere else .
You should make sure that patients have numerous ways to get in touch with you .
While you should make sure that patients can always reach you by phone , you should also allow them to email you or contact you through your social media page .
If patients do n’t have to jump through a lot of hoops to hear from you , they ’ll be far more likely to schedule appointments with you in the future .
Hire More Staff As Needed
If your clinic is growing , you might need more employees in order to keep up with that growth .
You should look at the current workload for your staff .
If your workers are struggling to keep up with all of their responsibilities , then it ’s best to bring on a new team member .
Hiring another employee will increase your expenses , but it will also keep your clinic running smoothly .
If you ’ve visited a facility that is understaffed before , then you know how many problems a lack of workers can cause .
Keep Working To Grow
If your facility has seen a lot of growth recently , you should n’t just rest on your laurels .
You should continue to work to build your clinic into something that ’s bigger and better .
Your clinic is never going to be done growing .
If you want to keep your business healthy , then you ’ll perpetually want to work on growing it into something bigger .
You should continue to market your clinic even if it has experienced tremendous growth .
Assess Your Clinic From Time To Time
The needs of your clinic are n’t going to be static .
If your clinic is growing , then you can expect your needs to change .
You ’ll want to periodically take a look at your clinic and figure out what it needs .
If you see that your needs are different , you ’ll want to address that .
Healing Hands Chiropractic is one example that has been growing quickly in their local region , and they are definitely continuing to make changes as needed to deliver the best care and build relationships with their patients .
Out of all the chiropractor rockville md , they have been the exceptional case to be served as an example !
You should keep a watchful eye on your clinic and how well it ’s doing .
If you pay attention to the health of your clinic , you ’ll be more than prepared to give your business the care that it needs .
You should periodically evaluate your business so that you do n’t wind up missing out on something important .
One of the greatest additions owners can add is patient care management software to help reduce the workload of their employees .
Seeing your chiropractic clinic grow can be very exciting .
However , growth can also be a source of stress .
If you ’re worried about the health of your clinic , you should see what you can do to manage the growth that you ’ve been seeing more effectively .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Congressional Republicans are close to offering financial regulation reforms that would rein in the Federal Reserve and expand the bankruptcy code , according to a draft staff document obtained by Reuters .
Republican Minority Leader Representative John Boehner ( L ) and House Minority Whip Eric Cantor look on near a copy of the stimulus bill , following the passage in the House of Representatives of the stimulus package , on Capitol Hill in Washington , February 13 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Larry Downing
The five - page document , still subject to change , could give political cover to lawmakers from both parties who are skeptical about some of the Obama administration ’s own reform proposals .
Democrats , in control of the White House and Congress , are setting the reform agenda , with a comprehensive package of reforms expected next week from the Treasury Department in response to the worst financial crisis in generations , according to sources familiar with discussions .
But the Republican package , likely to be unveiled on Thursday , according to congressional aides , may steal some of the Democrats ’ spotlight and undercut congressional support for the White House program .
For instance , the administration wants to establish a “ systemic risk regulator ” that would monitor and intervene to address potential financial dangers in the economy .
The Republican draft package opposes giving systemic risk authority to the Federal Reserve , an idea that sources have said the administration favors , but many lawmakers distrust .
Instead , the Republicans call for creating a board of regulators and outside experts , chaired by the Treasury secretary , to study systemic risk and report quarterly .
The board would have no enforcement or supervisory powers .
Another high priority of the Obama administration is empowering an agency , probably the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp ( FDIC ) , to seize and unwind troubled non -bank financial institutions .
The idea is to avoid on - the - fly bailouts in the future like that of American International Group .
But Republicans , in a sharp repudiation of the bailout policies begun under former President George W. Bush , say in the draft document that they oppose such “ resolution authority ” and , instead , favor adding a new chapter to bankruptcy law .
The new chapter would specifically address dealing with troubled , large non -bank financial institutions .
On bank regulation , the Republicans call for merging the Office of Thrift Supervision , which regulates mortgage lenders , and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency , which regulates many of the nation ’s largest banks .
The resulting single bank regulator would also take on bank supervision duties now held by the Fed and the FDIC , both of which would be refocused on their core jobs -- monetary policy in the Fed ’s case , and deposit insurance in the FDIC’s .
On Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , Republicans call for phasing out government support for the housing finance giants and converting them to private entities if they are still viable after the housing market stabilizes .
If they are not , then the draft calls for putting Fannie and Freddie in receivership .
The U.S. military is concerned about Iran 's activities in Afghanistan :
As we have reported here before , the Army has commissioned its social science researchers to probe Tehran 's influence in some Afghan provinces , and top U.S. officials have suggested that Iran is trying to make life difficult for coalition forces .
Iran 's push for " soft power " in Afghanistan , however , may be undone by recent post-election unrest .
McClatchy 's Philip Smucker recently paid a visit to Herat , a major Afghan city near the border with Iran , and he found that the Iran 's theocratic regime has n't scored points with Afghans through its recent crackdown on dissent .
Afghan authorities recently closed down a student newspaper there after the Iranian consulate reportedly complained about critical coverage of events in Iran .
That move , however , seems to have backfired , and Mohammed Faqiri , the spokesman for Herat University 's progressive students ' club , told Smucker : " The Iranian government has finally exposed itself as a theocratic , totalitarian regime . "
It 's not just young students who are changing their minds about Iran .
Mohammad Rafek Shahir , an Afghan constitutional law professor and head of Herat 's " Council of Experts , " a local professional body , told Smucker : " We are impressed with the Iranians and their struggle for change , but with what has happened in the past weeks , Iran 's influence here has been devastated .
We do n't have to be concerned with their efforts to influence Afghanistan any more since they are going to be obsessed with their own internal problems for some time to come . "
Iran 's influence in Herat is not to be understated .
The city is linked to Iran 's electrical grid , and its economy depends on cross - border trade ; Iran 's intelligence services are said to use Herat as a key listening post .
If Iran has in fact diminished its prestige with the people of Herat , it will be interesting to see how recent turmoil inside Iran may more broadly reshape relations with its neighbors – and with national leaders like Afghan President Hamid Karzai ( pictured here on a 2004 visit to Herat ) .
[ PHOTO : U.S. Department of Defense ]
See Also :
Enlarge By Mary Altaffer , AP Pedestrians walk past the entrance of the New York Stock Exchange on Wall Street in New York in March .
The Obama administration unveiled a plan Wednesday to help rein in executive compensation at all publicly traded companies , as part of its response to widespread criticism of high executive pay at firms that had to be bailed out by the U.S. government .
" This financial crisis had many significant causes , but executive compensation practices were a contributing factor , " Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner said as he announced the initiatives .
The Treasury proposed legislation giving shareholders a say on the salary and bonus packages of executives with a non-binding vote , which will likely bring more transparency to the process .
The legislation also aims to give the Securities and Exchange Commission power to ensure that companies ' compensation committees have greater independence setting executive pay .
THE OVAL : Obama appoints ' pay czar '
" This kind of legislation will change the balance of power on compensation , between executives and shareholders , " says Jesse Fried , executive compensation expert and law professor at the University of California - Berkeley .
Executives at companies that received bailout money face much more stringent compensation rules .
The Obama administration named Kenneth Feinberg as the " pay czar " to oversee compensation at companies that received bailout funds , such as Citigroup , Bank of America , General Motors and Chrysler .
Feinberg will enforce rules , including : • No bonus , retention award or incentive compensation to top - level executives and some highly compensated employees .
• No golden parachute payment to either a senior executive or the next five most highly compensated employees .
• " Claw back " provisions to recover bonuses , retention awards or incentives paid to executive officers and the next 20 most highly compensated employees if they provide inaccurate statements such as earnings or revenue .
Geithner is n't imposing caps on pay overall on banks , though he laid out guidelines for banks that have either paid back or did n't take bailout money , calling for compensation to be tied to long - term value creation and re-evaluating golden parachutes .
Though there were questions on how effective these guidelines would be , they won some fans .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
It was n't a typical case of entrapment and they did n't need the jaws - of - life .
Firefighters and St John Ambulance staff had to rescue a man after he became stuck in an electric dryer .
Senior Constable Greg Sutherland , of the Temuka police , said the 42 - year - old man had been drinking at a Waipopo address and tried to climb in the dryer to retrieve some underwear about 6.30 pm on Saturday .
An ambulance , a police officer , and two fire appliances , from Washdyke and Temuka , were called to the property after the man 's head , arms and shoulders became stuck in the machine .
" He got in through the door of the dryer , his shoulders got stuck and he could n't manoeuvre , " Constable Sutherland said .
With his arms trapped , the man had no leverage to back out of the dryer .
" Every time he tried to get out , the dryer came with him . "
Mr Sutherland said the man was " fairly agitated " by the time rescue arrived , but despite his state , firefighters managed to free him within minutes .
Firefighter Rooy Hoogenraad said nothing more than " skill and dexterity " was used to extract the man .
" We do entrapments ... this would be one of the more unusual entrapments . "
As two firefighters held the machine , two others pulled the man from the machine .
- The Timaru Herald
“ The real key to genetic engineering is control of intellectual property of the food crops that we depend on , ” says author Michael Pollan of companies like Monsanto .
He advocates an open source GE model .
What does the government know about us ?
Where are they keeping this information and who can see it ?
And what else are they planning ?
These are the questions that the Open Rights group tries to answer in our new spoof website Statebook .
A quick glance shows you the travel , communication , employment and education databases that hold information on you .
It does n't take long to realise that the picture the state can build about individuals is very revealing .
This accumulation of data about us is becoming intrusive and may change our society for the worse .
Data leaks , internet data retention , plans for increased surveillance on your everyday communications on the net : it feels like public policy is going in the wrong direction .
Even the government seems to recognise the public concern , albeit answering this with a tilt in Jacqui Smith 's rhetoric , rather than substantial shifts in policy .
For instance , when announcing plans for massive and intrusive new powers to capture internet traffic data , including Facebook messages , Smith spun this as a concession to privacy advocates , as the plans for a huge central database have been shelved .
Meanwhile , alleged plans for GCHQ to monitor internet traffic data and content – denied by GCHQ – remain outside of proper public debate .
Smith recently announced a review of the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act ( RIPA ) .
Again , the story we were told was that the government is waking up to privacy concerns , as councils are misusing powers of surveillance under RIPA .
The real reason for this review is likely to be because EU commissioner Viviane Reding is starting proceedings to take the UK to court over RIPA , as it has been found to give inadequate protections to private citizens .
Finally , Jacqui Smith announced that DNA records of the innocent would be destroyed .
This is a belated response to the European court verdict that the DNA database breaches human rights by retaining the DNA records of people who have been investigated but never found guilty .
However the spin has quickly been found to mask an attempt to fudge the court 's verdict .
Innocent people 's DNA will be destroyed – but after 12 years for a violent or sexual offence , or six years for a less serious offence .
In the eyes of the government , some people are less innocent than others , it would seem .
What 's needed is a wholesale change of direction .
First , ministers need to think about the world we live in .
Data is easier to collect , store and analyse all the time .
Second , privacy relies on data security , and it is difficult and expensive to bolt them onto big IT projects once completed .
Third , IT systems rely on people , who tend to be quite bad at security .
Big databases with large numbers of users will be insecure .
It 's a fact of life , so systems need to take this into account .
In order to deal with these problems , the government needs to be more expert .
It still seems that very few computer experts are hired , leaving ministries at the mercy of salesmen and consultants .
The public needs to grapple with these issues head on , too .
We 're building a new world with new technologies .
They can be used for good and ill , and the choices are being made now .
Politicians wo n't think about the wider questions unless we make them .
Fortunately , the digital age is also a social revolution , and gives us new abilities to network and campaign .
Let 's make our voices heard .
Sun Microsystems has unleashed Java Store at store.java.com .
The purpose of this store is to give opportunities to developers to make money by showcasing their Java applications .
Which they care about and develop in their own time .
Currently store is in beta and available for US residents only .
Sun chief executive Jonathan Schwartz and Java creator James Gosling introduced the concept at the JavaOne conference .
“ The objective is very simple : to give Java developers access to a billion consumers , ” said Schwartz .
“ It solves the problem of how you get access to every customer in the world . ”
Currently Sun is looking feedback on payment process .
This store will be a great oppertunity to give financial benefits to developers and return for their efforts in developing Java apps .
Twitter is being used as a broadcast medium , the study says Micro - blogging service Twitter remains the preserve of a few , despite the hype surrounding it , according to research .
Just 10 % of Twitter users generate more than 90 % of the content , a Harvard study of 300,000 users found .
Estimates suggest it now has more than 10 million users and is growing faster than any other social network .
However , the Harvard team found that more than half of all people using Twitter updated their page less than once every 74 days .
And most people only ever " tweet " once during their lifetime , the researchers found .
" Based on the numbers , Twitter is certainly not a service where everyone who has seen it has instantly loved it , " said Bill Heil , a graduate from Harvard Business School who carried out the work .
On a typical online social network , he said , the top 10 % of users accounted for 30 % of all production .
" This implies that Twitter 's resembles more of a one - way , one - to - many publishing service more than a two - way , peer - to - peer communication network , " the team wrote in a blog post .
Silent crowds
Twitter is a social networking website where people can post messages of up to 140 characters - known as tweets - that can be seen by other users who subscribe to their feed .
Its growth has been described as " explosive " and it has become the poster child of social networking sites , particularly among media companies .
Twitter is a broadcast medium rather than an intimate conversation with friends
Bill Heil Recent figures from research firm Nielsen Online show that visitors to the site increased by 1,382 % , from 475,000 to seven million , between February 2008 and February 2009 .
It is thought to have grown beyond 10 million in the past 4 months .
By comparison , Facebook - one of the most popular social networking sites by number of visitors - has 200 million active users and grew by 228 % during the same period .
Research by Nielsen also suggests that many people give the service a try , but rarely or never return .
Earlier this year , the firm found that more than 60 % of US Twitter users failed to return the following month .
" The Harvard data says very , very few people tweet and the Nielsen data says very , very few people listen consistently , " Mr Heil told BBC News .
' Super user '
The Harvard study took a snapshot of 300,542 users in May 2009 .
As well as usage patterns it looked in detail at gender differences .
For example , it found that men had 15 % more followers than women despite there being slightly more females users of Twitter than males .
It also showed that an average man was almost twice as likely to follow another man than a woman , despite the reverse being true on other social networks .
" The sort of content that drives men to look at women on other social networks does not exist on Twitter , " said Mr Heil .
" By that I mean pictures , extended articles and biographical information . "
However , said Mr Heil , the most striking result was that so few people used the service to publish information , preferring instead to be passive consumers .
For example , the median number of lifetime tweets per user is one .
" Twitter is a broadcast medium rather than an intimate conversation with friends , " he said .
" It looks like a few people are creating content for a few people to read and share . "
Some " super users " can have thousands or even hundreds of thousands of followers .
Currently , the most popular person to follow on Twitter is the movie star Ashton Kutcher who has more than two million followers .
However , the service bills itself as a way to " communicate and stay connected " with " friends , family and co-workers " .
" The Twitter management need to decide if this is a problem , " said Mr Heil .
" And if they decide it is , how they will tweak Twitter to become more acceptable to the average user ? "
Will micro-blogging play a big part in the future of the web ?
Share your thoughts here
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Wall Street Journal - Libor No Longer Just London
The British Bankers ’ Association said Thursday it has started to allow banks operating outside London to contribute quotes for its unsecured interbank lending rates in a bid to keep its rates as representative of bank borrowing costs as possible …
The change in definition will open up the number of banks to include those that are highly active in the London money markets but deal out of their domestic headquarters .
This comes at a time when some banks on the contributing panels have merged and some foreign banks have reduced their overseas operations to save costs during the financial crisis and economic downturn .
“ This is being done so we do n’t lose contributors who may in the current financial climate decide they wish to consolidate their operations , ” said John Ewan , a director at the BBA .
“ There are plenty of banks which are very similar to the other Libor banks that can’t currently quote because the may not be physically located in London , ” he added .
Comment
In the last few weeks we have had stories proclaiming “ LIBOR fails to paint a true picture ” and that extraordinary government intervention in this market has distorted the rate so much that banks are reducing their use of LIBOR as a reference rate for new unsecured lending .
It still remains the reference rates for trillions of existing loans , securities , derivatives and bank deposits .
Currently there is no good alternative to LIBOR , although the Overnight Index Swap ( OIS ) is trying to replace it with limited success .
So , the marketplace is searching for an alternative with many banks attempting to devise their own measures to varying degrees of success .
If LIBOR does lose its standing as the reference rate for short - term lending , it would not be the first time such a thing happened .
25 - to -30 years ago the reference rate was the Prime Rate , the rate banks charged their best customers .
This rate was heavily influenced by a bank ’s funding costs as measured by it ’s certificate of deposit ( or CD ) rate .
In the early 1980s CD rates became wild and unpredictable , so the banking community began looking for another reference rate .
It took years to settle this dilemma , but LIBOR eventually became the preferred measure .
The switch to LIBOR was sealed when Continental Bank of IL failed in 1984 causing their CD rates to soar relative to all other large banks .
Continental CDs were used to calculate average CD rates for futures contracts and other measures used to set short - term lending rates , meaning everyone wound up paying higher short - term rates because of Continental ’s problems .
This cemented LIBOR ’s standing as the reference rate for anything related to short - term rates .
Given all this we see the BBA ’s move to change LIBOR as a natural response to protect their franchise .
World central banks have used the Term Auction Facility ( or TAF ) in a heavy - handed way to suppress LIBOR .
They are doing this because virtually all subprime adjustable rate mortgages ( ARMs ) are reset using LIBOR .
In other words , world central banks are subsidizing shaky mortgages by artificially lowering the reference rate used to reset rates every year .
The problem is banks are not happy with the effect this has on other lending and are looking for alternatives .
The tables below help detail how LIBOR is currently calculated .
It shows 3 - month USD LIBOR .
16 banks report their rate to the British Bankers Association .
The four highest and lowest rates are dropped , and the average of the eight remaining rates is disseminated as LIBOR .
The process is repeated for a range of maturities ranging from overnight to 12 - month loans and across a set of ten major currencies .
The charts below differ only in the date range .
They show the difference in the average LIBOR rate for the three banks that have accepted TARP money ( BofA , Citi and J.P. Morgan ) versus the two Japanese banks ( Bank of Tokyo and Norinchukin ) .
We believe the Japanese banks are the farthest from TARP banks on the spectrum of government intervention .
As the crisis heated up and U.S. banks accepted TARP money , the difference between their LIBOR posted rates and the Japanese banks increased .
In all cases TARP banks have been offering LIBOR loans below the average of Japanese banks .
Note that prior to the crisis ( 2004 to 2007 ) there was practically no difference between these groups .
This does not prove LIBOR has been politicized .
But if it was , this is exactly what one would expect to see in these rates .
Most financial experts are aware that the only reason the economy has not yet collapsed entirely , is due to the trillions in governmental safeguards and industrial subsidies .
Zero Hedge has written extensively on the topic , and it is nowhere more obvious than here , that virtually the entire financial system is backstopped by explicit and implicit guarantees .
And in true pro-cyclical fashion , the expectation for permanent governmental crutches can be best seen in some of the same metrics that in the post - Lehman days markedly went off the charts , most notably the LIBOR rate .
From record wides several months ago , LIBOR , which is critical as it is the reference risk rate for trillions in assorted product classes , has collapsed to an unprecedented low .
The rate drop has manifested in an inversion of the 1 Yr UST - 1 Yr LIBOR spread , with the latter clearing 100 bps inside of the former : a topic covered in detail previously by reader Gary Jefferey .
James Bianco of Arbor Research has some interesting comments , discussing the immediate future of LIBOR as a true predictor of the interbank lending market , especially in light of the BBA 's decision to expand the 16 bank LIBOR reporting syndicate as even it has realized that market participants have lost faith in the impartiality and objectivity of LIBOR .
In a nutshell , Bianco notes that LIBOR indications by TARP vs non-TARP bank demonstrates a notable schism in risk perception : it is odd ( actually , not that odd ) that this has not changed notably since Zero Hedge discussed this topic five months ago From Arbor Research 's piece : Curiously , the LIBOR debate is moving to a more econometrically - focused audience and has led none other than the San Francisco Federal Reserve to come out and indicate that LIBOR is essentially flawed as a metric , as it now reflects not so much the risk in the system , but the guarantees by the US government itself .
In a working paper " Do Central Bank Liquidity Facilities Affect Interbank Lending Rates ? " the SF Fed concludes that not only is LIBOR useless in the current complete " socialization of risk " environment , and also attempts to quantify the impact ( and thus get a FV reading ) on this pro-interventionist - cyclical metric .
Recommended reading .
This is a real video from a French documentary about Africa .
There are trees that grow in Africa which , once a year , produce very juicy fruits that ferment to contain alcohol .
Because there is a shortage of water , as soon as the fruits are ripe , animals come there to help protect themselves from the heat .
What happens next ?
Watch for yourselves .
Sorry no subtitles but the vid speaks for itself .
The citizens of Kalamazoo voted 3 to 1 for the legalization of medical marijuana last November .
Most disabled veterans supported this vote because medical marijuana has a very personal effect on our lives , our well being and our health .
Thousands of veterans returning from Iraq and Afghanistan are now diagnosed with post - traumatic stress disorder , and medical doctors report the medical use of marijuana is very therapeutic for veterans suffering the painful symptoms of PTSD .
( Google Phillip Leveque , combat veteran , physician , pharmacologist , and forensic toxicologist , authority on PTSD and cannabis treatment . )
The suicide rate of returning veterans has skyrocketed into shocking numbers from the adverse effects military service has had on their lives .
Veterans deserve nothing less than being allowed the liberty and freedom to do what helps them survive their newfound physical and psychological conditions .
They also deserve the support of everyone , including effective advocacy by their local politicians .
As veterans we do not need more fear in our lives , we do not need our suffering compounded by the ignorance , irrational fears , lack of support and inaction of many politicians .
Their " silence " speaks for itself .
They all know who they are , and where they choose to stand , which is far behind the caring citizens in this so - called war on drugs , which , by the way , now includes a war on disabled veteran patients all over our country .
About four years ago we began meeting with , and writing to , U.S. Rep .
Fred Upton , R - St. Joseph , asking him for his support on this issue .
At the same time we began meeting with Kalamazoo 's mayor and city commissioners asking for their support .
At first , they all said " no . "
Not one of them had the courage to speak out on the medical and economic waste of the failed war on drugs , or the total ignorance of prohibition and its negative effects .
( Google Law Enforcement Against Prohibition . )
However , this past January , we finally received a letter from Upton saying he would support our view .
He had the courage to change his mind .
He agreed to vote " yes " this year on the Hinchey - Rohrabacher amendment in Congress , which would prohibit the Drug Enforcement Administration from using federal funds to raid medical marijuana providers in states where it is legal .
We veterans are still waiting to hear from our local mayor and city commissioners , waiting for their support to follow the courage of Rep. Upton .
We say enough of the " shock and awe " tactics used by police and sheriffs on disabled veterans and other patients .
Get your priorities right , focus on protecting us from the real criminals in our city .
When will our city stop wasting our scarce tax dollars in this economy to swat veterans ?
When will these folks , elected to represent the Kalamazoo citizens , awaken to the scientific realities like the fact the Kalamazoo Apjohn Group is working on a marijuana / cannabis inhaler delivery system , and the value of this natural medicine ?
When will they stand up and be counted along with courageous Rep. Upton ?
I get phone calls and e-mails every day from veterans all over the United States and they all thank us for speaking out for them .
They all say , in essence , " We fought for your liberties and your freedoms in this country , while our elected representatives turn against us veterans over our medicine and our health care . "
What is it our elected folks do not understand about the science ?
Face your ignorance ( as in the American Heritage Dictionary definition of a lack of knowledge ) and irrational fears .
Get over it now .
Mind the cost of freedom we veterans have paid .
We only want peace -- peace of mind and body .
When do we get justice , when do we get our human rights ?
Martin H. Chilcutt is the executive director for Veterans for Medical Marijuana Access , Thomas M. Walsh , was a psychiatric nurse in the Vietnam War , and Jeffery Chilcutt is a U.S. Army veteran .
Square Enix 's watershed PlayStation titleis now available for PS3 and PSP via the PlayStation Network in Japan -- with no news yet on a U.S. debut .
The version made available is the Japanese - language international edition , which features several tweaks made to the original game when it was released in the West -- mostly usability streamlining of the menu display and materia system , plus an additional cutscene clarifying Cloud 's opaque past .
According to consumer weblog Kotaku , the International Version of is priced at � 1,500 ( $ 14.93 ) on the Japanese PlayStation Network .
The game is currently not available on other PlayStation stores , and plans to release it elsewhere have not been announced .
came out on PlayStation in 1997 , and a PC version launched a year later .
It follows an amnesiac mercenary and a team of resistance fighters in their quest to save their dystopian world from a power - hungry energy company , and stop the personal revenge mission of a rogue super - soldier .
It 's arguably the entry in Square Enix 's long - running series with the largest and most loyal fanbase , and has spawned a PSP game prequel , has also seen an animated prequel , a mobile title and a CGI film , Advent Children , which is just about to receive a director 's cut re-release on Blu-ray in Japan and the U.S. , among legions of other merchandise and spinoffs .
Some hard - core fans may have been disappointed by the last Indiana Jones movie , but the public mostly enjoy it , even the part with the flying saucer .
Indy 4 was actually one of the best grossing movie of 2008 second to the Dark Knight only .
So no wonder that they 're thinking about making Indiana Jones 5 .
Not so long ago George Lucas told Fox News :
George Lucas
" I have n’t even told Steven or Harrison this , but I have an idea to make Shia LaBeouf the lead character next time and have Harrison Ford come back like Sean Connery did in the last movie .
I can see it working out . "
Shia Labeouf " Steven Spielberg just said that he cracked the story on it before I left and I think they 're gearing that up . "
So we are likely to see a hand - down of the torch from Harrison Ford to Shia LaBeouf .
The fourth movie was already pointing in this direction .
Now Shia Labeouf has confirmed that there is an Indiana Jones 5 movie ahead of us : I do n't mind seeing the Indiana Jones movie series switching to Shia Labeouf starting Indy V .
But please make his character grow up a bit : Mutt ( Shia Labeouf ) was kind of starry eyed in the fourth movie .
So I hope he will more of an experienced adventurer in the movie Indiana Jones 5 . :)
The Department of Defense has identified 4,306 American service members who have died since the start of the Iraq war and 701 who have died as a part of the Afghan war and related operations .
It confirmed the deaths of the following Americans on Sunday :
Iraq
KEESLING , Chancellor A. , 25 , Specialist , Army ; Indianapolis ; 961st Engineer Company .
Afghanistan
GARBER , Jeffrey J. , 43 , Command Master Chief , Navy ; Hemingford , Neb. ; U.S.S. Dwight D. Eisenhower .
MELTON , Joshua A. , 26 , Staff Sgt. , Army National Guard ; Carlyle , Ill. ; 130th Infantry .
SMITH , Paul G. , 43 , Sgt. , Army National Guard ; Peoria , Ill. ; 106th Cavalry .
Effective Networking By Matthew C. Keegan
The process of finding out about a job , getting interviewed , and eventually receiving an offer for employment starts with networking .
By networking I don�t mean sending out hundreds of copies of your r�sum� unsolicited to H.R. managers throughout the country , but by establishing contacts with people who may be in a position to hire you or refer you to someone who is in the position of hiring ... you !
In corporate aviation , there are several key players in the field that you probably have heard of .
Jet Aviation , TAG , and Netjets are some of the larger companies and they all have a staff of qualified flight attendants or cabin service representatives on hand .
In addition , smaller players including Western Jet , Clay Lacy Aviation , and Rifton are part of the charter market .
Finally , you have a whole host of independent flight departments with one or two or more aircraft .
Some of these operators utilize larger cabin aircraft and are in need of flight attendants .
You could send out a copy of your r�sum� to every single company that flies a Falcon , Gulfstream , Bombardier , BBJ , or any of the other larger cabin jets .
You may get an interview , but you�ll also spend an excessive amount of time researching names , addresses , paying for postage , paper and more .
Instead , the best way to land a job according to Richard Bolles , author of the acclaimed job hunters and career builders guide , � What Color is Your Parachute ? � is through networking .
Networking involves making plenty of people contact .
Some of best ways of having contact with others is at a convention [ in our case , the NBAA Flight Attendant Conference or NBAA general conference ] ; over the internet via message boards [ such as this one ] ; while flying a trip as a contractor ; working for a company in another role [ e.g. , as a dispatcher , flight manager , etc. ] ; or through a friend already in the business .
Successful people establish a list of contacts from the smallest lead [ e.g. , a receptionist or switchboard operator at a charter operator ] to doing voluntary work on an association�s newsletter or with a steering committee for the same type of organization .
Each person you come into contact with is a potential person who may know of someone in the business or know of a job opening .
Conversely , unsuccessful people rely too much on waiting for a phone call , for an answer to an unsolicited letter , or by not going out to meet people face to face .
Quite simply it takes a lot of phone calling , pavement pounding , and other forms of action to land the job that you want .
Plus , it takes someone with dedication , professionalism , zeal , enthusiasm , confidence , and a caring attitude to help make things work .
If you are not confident of your abilities , you will have a much more difficult time landing a job .
Before you establish contact with anyone it is extremely important to have a top notch r�sum� .
Make sure that there are no spelling errors , grammatical mistakes , that it is formatted professionally , printed on bond paper and that you include correct contact information such as your name , address , phone numbers , and e-mail address .
You can be the most talented person in the world , but your r�sum� could look awful .
Busy employers look at r�sum�s and toss the unprofessional looking ones away [ or they file it away for a predetermined amount of time ] .
You also need : three top notch references [ don�t list them on your r�sum� , but be able to furnish them upon request ] .
FACTs or FlightSafety training are very important � agencies such as Jet Professionals insist on it ; most of the larger operators require it as well .
Additional training including galley services , a wine class , emergency training , can all help you out .
Finally , when you do receive a call -- even if unexpected � be prepared to interview on the spot .
Most interviewers will screen you on the first call and you will need to sound sharp as well as be focused .
Be prepared to give a concise background on who you are and what you can offer the company .
Do not focus on your needs , but focus on the company�s needs and how you will benefit them .
Do not expect them to be thrilled by your focusing on yourself .
This business is n�t about you -- it is about the customers and the company .
Successful candidates know this and they are the ones who will be hired , trained , paid well , and otherwise be perceived as being an asset and not a possible detriment to the company .
Author Information : Matt Keegan is The Article Writer who writes on a variety of social , human interest , as well as business related topics .
Please visit his blog for writing information .
Since Bush has decided to offer his unsolicited council to President Obama and the American people , I thought I would post a link to a video I made called " Voodoo Mouth . " ... Lest we forget how it was in the not so distant past , and how different things really are now .
... Now we have a government that is so active and so responsive and so involved that people are starting to be ... " concerned . "
If only we'd had THAT problem when New Orleans was left to drown in its own filth :
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=25NcDB_82_
A Prescient statement from 05 '-' ' 06 : " Home is where the TARP is . "
1 . Write a story that describes its imagery using terms specific to some other form of art ( i.e. describe it as you would describe a painting , point out and talk about brush strokes , the way colors blend into one another , etc. )
Describe people in terms of instruments , tools , methods , strokes or musical notes– make the effect pervasive , all encompassing , constant .
2 . Look at the ceiling where you are .
Truly consider it , study it , and think about what it would be like if it was suddenly your floor , if suddenly your own personal gravity ( and nothing else ’s ) were reversed !
What would life be like on the ceiling ?
Would you have tea parties ?
Panic uncontrollably ?
Contemplate mantras of zen buddhism ?
How would this sudden change in gravity effect your personal life ?
3 .
Write a story where love is created and maintained over a distance .
The length and nature of that distance is up to you .
It could be the distance between two continents , two cities , or even just between two windows or two rooftops .
What lies between , physically and metaphorically ?
What are the barriers that must be overcome ?
Are they overcome ?
4 .
Some of the most provocative , interesting , disturbing , and downright experimental works out there take a very different and very interesting look at sex .
Try writing a story that approaches sex in a way the reader would not expect , but that still retains interest .
You can do it by allusion , teasing , putting other words in , leading the reader to a wholly different situation altogether than they were expecting , yanking the viewer away at the last second , or anything else creative you can think of .
5 .
Think of the most beautiful and / or interesting place you ’ve ever been to and then set a story there .
It does n’t have to be the exact place ( i.e. Tahoe , Vegas , Yellowstone , etc. ) it can be a place that only exists in your mind , or even a place you ’ve only seen before in pictures .
Be creative , feel free to set any scene there , and remember– the only limits are the limits you impose on your own creativity .
6 . Revisit the atrocities of the past in a story .
You can either write it as a historical fiction ( i.e. something that happens in the period in which the atrocity was practiced – like slavery , etc. ) or as something that ’s happening in a different form ( with obvious corollaries ) today , or in a future setting .
7 .
Poke fun at a current social or political issue by taking the opposite stance from what you feel and using that side ’s own wit ( or lack thereof ) and “ evidence ” to undermine the position utterly .
Many authors , including Johnathan Swift and Alexander Pope , have taken this same approach in many of their most famous works .
It ’s effective , it ’s funny , and it makes a great way to get your point across while cross examining the validity of your own views .
8 .
Try writing in a situation or mindset when you would never normally write because you feel like too much of what you write would be garbage ( i.e. when you ’re really tired , when you ’re drunk , etc . )
Do n’t just write a little , write a lot .
Then , put it aside for about a week .
Once the week has passed , pick it up again and look through it for nuggets of wisdom to use in your next story .
You ’ll be surprised what you ’ll find !
9 .
Write a medical triage scene .
It can take place anywhere , at any point in the history or past ( to the thundering of civil war muskets , under the suppressive blasts of photon cannons , or in the ER of modern day Detroit , etc . )
Make the action everpresent , put the feeling of running and rushing into the story , and try to capture the way everything is frantically performed while still being powerful , exact and professional .
Or , write about off - hour , and try to capture the lazy boredom experienced by people who know that at any minute , a dozen ambulances could cram into their doorways with payloads of patients in critical condition .
10 .
Write a story that you are several times removed from .
Write a tale of an author , who ’s writing a tale about an author , who is also writing a tale about an author .
The challenge ?
Making it comprehensible , interesting , and just the right amount of complex .
As banks struggle and businesses collapse , the science fiction writer Alastair Reynolds is making his own contribution to the flagging UK economy , signing an unprecedented 10 - book deal with Gollancz worth £ 1 m .
Reynolds , who has published eight novels with the Orion imprint Gollancz since his 2000 debut , Revelation Space , said he was " amazed and thrilled " to commit himself to the same publisher for the next decade .
" It gives me a huge amount of security for the next 10 years , " he said , " and writers do n't have a lot of security .
Even at the best of times you 're worrying about the next deadline , the next contract .
To have that in place is fantastic for me . "
He has always struggled to write when his future has been uncertain , he continued , so he 's delighted to be able to start " thinking strategically ... not just thinking one book ahead , but ' where do I want to be in four books ? ' "
Born in south Wales in 1966 , Reynolds began publishing short stories in science fiction magazines during the 16 years he spent working as an astronomer at the European Space Agency in the Netherlands .
He switched to writing full time in 2004 , and returned to live in Wales last year .
Meanwhile he has been steadily building a reputation as one of the most skilful practitioners of the flamboyant science fiction sub - genre of space opera .
His second novel , Chasm City , won the British Science Fiction Association Award in 2001 , and his latest , House of Suns , was shortlisted for this year 's Arthur C Clarke prize .
According to his editor at Gollancz , Jo Fletcher , the contract is more than a vote of confidence in the author 's work .
" We do n't sling that sort of money around lightly , " she said .
" Al 's got big ideas for the future and we wanted to make that happen , but it's also a signal to the publishing industry that we 're taking him seriously , and that they need to . "
The qualities which have made Reynolds a million - pound author were apparent as soon as she read the manuscript of his first novel , she continued .
" He is very good at characterisation , he is very good at complex plots and he 's very good at making you feel the vastness out there .
He 's got the whole package . "
The novelist Jon Courtenay Grimwood agreed wholeheartedly , describing Reynolds as " the man who gave credibility back to space opera " .
" In my opinion , he 's the UK 's best exponent of hard SF in space opera , " Grimwood said .
" He mixes the expected – weird cities , big dumb objects – with the very unexpected , does a mean line in alien cultures and technology , and has pulled his characterisation up by its boot straps since the early novels .
He 's one of the few SF novelists I 'd actually go out and buy in hardback . "
He 's confident that the deal will be a success for Gollancz , as long as the publisher gives Reynolds the marketing and publicity support he needs .
" Writing a book a year is tough – I know , I 've done it , " continued Grimwood .
" But I met Al Reynolds after reviewing his first two books and he 's very focused on what he does , and good at it .
So I imagine he knows exactly what he 's taking on . "
Science fiction expert Maxim Jakubowski , an editor and writer , said there had n't been such a sizable deal for a science fiction writer in the last decade .
" A ten - book deal is almost unheard of , and is a real expression of faith , " he said .
" He 's certainly in the top 10 of UK science fiction writers , if not the top five , and those I 've read [ of his ] are absolutely wonderful . "
Reynolds himself was unconcerned by any pressure the new contract might bring .
" I just let that wash over me , " he said .
With its first three books already mapped out – an African - inflected trilogy charting how humanity might go on to conquer the solar system and the galaxy – he's also confident that he 'll be able to come up with the goods .
" Hopefully over the last ten years I 've demonstrated an ability to deliver books on time , " he said .
• This article was amended on 23 June 2009 .
The original referred to the British Science Fiction Award .
This has been corrected .
Adam sez ,
Republicans in DC know Al Franken won the Minnesota Senate race .
But they are bankrolling Norm Coleman 's continued court challenges and are encouraging him to drag this thing out forever .
For them , it 's worth it to keep shelling out money to block the seating of Senator Franken .
Put simply , the incentives are all wrong .
But this weekend , some online folks launched a new campaign to set the incentives right .
Howard Dean 's Democracy for America teamed up with the Progressive Change Campaign Committee ( founded by former MoveOn.org organizers and Aaron Swartz , the co-inventor of Reddit and RSS ) to launch www.NormDollar.com.
At that site , people are asked to give a " Dollar a Day to Make Norm Go Away " — with the funding going to help progressive candidates defeat congressional Republicans in 2010 .
The theory : If Republicans up for re-election in 2010 see the progressives who are out to defeat them get an infusion of donations each day that Coleman is obstinate , they and their funders will call Coleman and say , " Your time is up .
Concede ! "
So far , it 's working .
In less than one weekend , Norm Coleman has raised over $ 20,000 to help progressive candidates — and that number grows by the hour .
2009 Buick Regal ( Chinese - spec ) – Click above for high - res image gallery
A planning document given to lawmakers by General Motors reportedly shows that the Detroit - based automaker plans to ship 17,335 autos from China for sale in the U.S. in 2011 .
If GM succeeds in importing vehicles to the U.S. from China , it could be the first automaker to do so .
The document does n't show which vehicle would be brought over from the land of the Great Wall ( we 'd take the Buick Regal , above ) , but it does provide GM 's volume plans through 2014 .
By that time , GM plans to triple its China to U.S. exports to 51,546 units .
While 51,546 sounds like a lot of cars , it only represents 1.6 % of the planned 3.1 million ( perhaps optimistic ) sales the General is expecting five years from now .
Regardless of the quantity of vehicles coming in from China , union leaders are none too pleased with the development , says Automotive News .
The 12 - page document also showed increased production in Mexico , with annual units rising from 317,763 in 2010 to 501,316 in 2014 .
South Korea , which will likely make new vehicles like the Chevrolet Spark , will increase production from 36,967 in 2010 to 157,126 in 2014 .
In an open letter , UAW legislative director Alan Reuther has gone on record saying that GM " should not be taking taxpayers ' money simply to finance the outsourcing of jobs to other countries .
" While many would expect the U.S. to be the big loser here , virtually all of the related production loss occurs in Canada .
According to the 12 - page document , U.S. production would continue to represent two thirds of the overall sales volume for the next five years , while Canada is slated to lose 101,000 units .
Bubble # 3 : The Housing Craze
- Goldman was involved in creating and selling collateralized debt obligations , one of the securities that helped create the financial crisis .
Bubble # 4 : $ 4 A Gallon
- Goldman helped to ignite commodity prices , which led to oil prices going way up .
Bubble # 5 : Rigging the Bailout
- Goldman had alumni in place throughout the government to make sure it benefited from the bailout .
Bubble # 6 : Global Warming
- Goldman is pushing cap and trade because it stands to make money hand over fist once carbon trading begins .
Let 's start with the intro .
It 's absolutely true that Goldman alums seem to be all over the place in positions of power .
I 'm not sure there 's anything wrong with that , unless they all had some kind of explicit grand plan as a cooperative axis of evil to rule the world .
That 's silly .
It makes perfect sense that Goldman Sachs alums would end up in positions of power across the world for two reasons .
First , they are some of the smartest people in the world -- that 's why they get hired by Goldman Sachs , the premier investment bank .
Smart , ambitious people always end up in positions of power , as they should .
Second , they make boatloads of money at Goldman Sachs .
As everyone knows , once you 've got enough money , the next thing you want is power .
That 's why they end up pursuing such positions post - Goldman .
Then there are the bubbles .
Taibbi essentially says that Goldman engineered -- not just participated in -- all of these bubbles .
I think that 's a whole lot of crazy .
Goldman 's relationship to these bubbles has a lot more to do with correlation than causation .
There 's no question -- none -- that Goldman made oodles of money off of these bubbles .
But so did others .
They just made more , probably because they were smarter .
The idea that Goldman created even one of these bubbles is pretty ridiculous .
Some of Taibbi's arguments are stronger than others .
I think his argument that Goldman engineered the housing bubble is particularly weak , as they were never a major player in the mortgage space .
Sure , they sold lots of CDOs , but so did others , like Merrill .
This demonstrates my point : rather than create the bubble , they probably saw profit to be made , and did so .
You can ask the question of whether or not it 's evil to exploit something that you know is a bubble .
While Taibbi can't really prove that Goldman always knew what they were doing in exploiting bubbles that would ruin the lives of others , several people he interviews claim they must have .
I agree , because if they are so smart , how could they not ?
I believe Goldman 's bankers probably had the attitude : " If we do n't profit from this , somebody else just will . "
Is that deplorable ?
A little .
It 's also completely rational , but that does n't make it okay .
What 's the solution ?
One obvious attempt might be to regulate the advantages that Goldman has out of the market .
But that would probably involve destroying the market entirely ; and besides , they 'd just find other aspects to exploit within the new framework .
Maybe they 're the New York Yankees of banks , and the government could create laws requiring banks to " draft " MBAs like in basketball .
They could also have salary caps like in football , so no one bank becomes too strong .
But that spits in the face of capitalism and the free market , so would shake the very foundation of the U.S. Allowing incentive and competition sometimes creates winners and losers , and Goldman knows how to win better than anyone else .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
The 14th International Conference on Reliable Software Technologies - Ada-Europe 2009 will take place in Brest , France on the Campus of Telecom Bretagne .
Following its traditional style , the conference will span a full week , including a three - day technical program and vendor exhibitions from Tuesday to Thursday , along with parallel tutorials and workshops on Monday and Friday .
14th International Conference on Reliable Software Technologies - Ada-Europe Telecom Bretagne , Brest , France
June 8 -12 , 2009
The final program is now available ! !
( get the pdf of the final program )
The proceedings have been published by Springer : you can read the announce .
In cooperation with
Organized in cooperation with :
In a survey conducted by the Kauffman Foundation for Entrepreneurship in December 2007 , 4 out of 10 people from the ages of 8 to 21 said they would like to start their own business in the future .
Image Laura Durst , 18 , of Woodstock , Conn. , created a Web site that helps teenagers who want to work from home .
She earns $ 250 a month from ads .
Credit ... George Ruhe for The New York Times
But that might reflect youths ’ aspirations more than reality , said Scott Shane , an economist and a professor of entrepreneurship at the Weatherhead School of Management at Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland and a contributor to The New York Times ’s small - business blog , “ You ’re the Boss . ”
“ The percentage of the population becoming entrepreneurs is actually declining , ” he said .
“ It ’s true today that people are more likely to say they want to be in business for themselves , but that may reflect their attitude more than their behavior . ”
Still , interest in entrepreneurship education among teenagers is rising .
The Distributive Education Clubs of America , or DECA , which provide high school and college students with training in marketing , management and entrepreneurship , says it has found a 20 percent increase this year in interest in its entrepreneurship events .
Amy Rosen , chief executive of the Network for Teaching Entrepreneurship , a nonprofit group that provides entrepreneurship education in low - income communities , says her organization has more inquiries from school districts than it can serve and has been overwhelmed this year with applicants for its spring - break and summer camps .
“ These kids are concerned that the world their parents grew up in no longer exists and the notion of taking control and owning your own future is really appealing , ” Ms. Rosen said .
The Internet may be the most significant catalyst for teenagers ’ entrepreneurship .
The ability to start a business online has lowered many barriers to self - employment faced by young people  you need only a domain name and a Web site to set up shop and are largely anonymous to customers , who never have to know your age , said Alan Lysaght , co-author of “ The ABCs of Making Money for Teens . ”
There is also an abundance of information online about starting a business .
Laura Durst , 18 , a recent high school graduate in Woodstock , Conn. , in the state ’s northeast corner , said that there were so few jobs for teenagers there that two years ago she began setting up a Web - based business , WorkInMyRoom.com .
It provides teenagers with information and online resources to find jobs that can be done from home .
Uterine fibroids are benign tumors that grow in the wall of the uterus .
Thanks to advances in medical technology , fibroids can be treated through a minimally invasive procedure known as uterine fibroid embolization .
Contact us to see if this procedure is right for you .
Welcome to Utah Valley Interventional Associates
When it comes to treating uterine fibroids , the board - certified physicians at Utah Valley Interventional Associates ( UVIA ) specialize in a minimally invasive treatment option called uterine fibroid embolization .
The procedure is performed without the need for hormone therapy , major surgery or the side effects that come with them .
Best of all , most patients are back on their feet and resuming their normal activities within days after the procedure .
UVIA has partnered with Intermountain Healthcare , one of the nation ’s leading healthcare providers , to offer this service to our patients .
When you combine the finest - trained doctors with the best facilities , you receive the best possible medical care .
It ’s no wonder our patients experience high rates of success , fewer complications , and low rates of recurrence .
Contact Utah Valley Interventional Associates at 801.701.6581 today to see if you are a candidate for uterine fibroid embolization .
AMID THE media frenzy and speculation over the disappearance of Air France 's ill - fated Flight 447 , the loss of two of the world 's most prominent figures in the war on the illegal arms trade and international drug trafficking has been virtually overlooked .
Pablo Dreyfus , a 39 - year - old Argentine who was travelling with his wife Ana Carolina Rodrigues aboard the doomed flight from Rio de Janeiro to Paris , had worked tirelessly with the Brazilian authorities to stem the flow of arms and ammunition that for years has fuelled the bloody turf wars waged by drug gangs in Rio 's sprawling favelas .
Also travelling with Dreyfus on the doomed flight was his friend and colleague Ronald Dreyer , a Swiss diplomat and co-ordinator of the Geneva Declaration on Armed Violence who had worked with UN missions in El Salvador , Mozambique , Azerbaijan , Kosovo and Angola .
Both men were consultants at the Small Arms Survey , an independent think tank based at Geneva 's Graduate Institute of International Studies .
The Survey said on its website that Dryer had helped mobilise the support of more than 100 countries to the cause of disarmament and development .
Buenos Aires - born Dreyfus had been living in Rio since 2002 , where he and his sociologist wife worked with the Brazilian NGO Viva Rio .
" Pablo will be remembered as a gentle and sensitive man with an upbeat sense of humour , " said the Small Arms Survey .
" He displayed an intellectual curiosity and a determined work ethic that excited and enthused all who worked with him . "
According to the International Action Network on Small Arms Control ( IANSA ) , Dreyfus 's work was instrumental in the introduction of landmark small arms legislation in Brazil in 2003 .
Under this legislation , an online link was created between army and police databases listing production , imports and exports of arms and ammunition in Brazil .
Dreyfus was an advocate of the stringent labelling of ammunition by weapons firms , arguing that by clearly identifying ammunition not only by its producer but also its purchaser , the likelihood of weapons being sourced by criminals from corrupt police or armed forces personnel is greatly reduced .
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Never Miss a Beat .
Get our best delivered to your inbox .
Though a Brazilian referendum on the right to bear arms was rejected in 2005 , Viva Rio says the campaign should be considered a success because half a million weapons were voluntarily handed in to the authorities .
Anti-gun activists put the referendum defeat down to fears criminals would circumvent the law and continue to gain access to small arms the usual way - through Paraguay and other bordering countries .
This was not an irrational fear : until 2004 , when Paraguay bowed to Brazilian pressure , even foreign tourists were allowed to purchase small arms simply by presenting a photocopy of their identity card .
Dreyfus knew that many of the weapons from the so - called tri-border area between Brazil , Paraguay and Argentina were reaching Rio drug gangs .
When unidentified gunmen made off with a stash of hand grenades from an Argentine military garrison in 2006 , Dreyfus deplored what he said was lax security at military depots across the world .
" If a supermarket can keep control of the amount of peas it has in stock , surely a military organisation could and should be able to do the same with equal if not greater efficiency with its weapons , " he said .
" The key words are logisitics , control , security . "
When Rio agents smashed a cell of drug traffickers who had sourced their weapons from the tri-border area , Dreyfus noted its leaders were prominent businessmen living in apartments in the plush Rio suburbs of Ipanema and São Corrado , " not in the favelas " .
In a recent report posted on the Brazilian website Comunidade Segura ( Safe Community ) , Dreyfus noted that the Brazilian arms firm CBC ( Companhia Brasileira de Cartuchos ) had become one of the world 's biggest ammunition producers by purchasing Germany 's Metallwerk Elisenhutte Nassau ( MEN ) in 2007 , and Sellier & Bellot ( S&B ) of the Czech Republic in March .
This would not be particularly noteworthy but for the fact that CBC 's exports had tapered off in recent years due to legislation restricting exports to Paraguay , arms that often found their way back into Brazil and on to the Rio drug gangs - the " boomerang effect " , as Dreyfus called it .
" The commercial export of weapons and ammunition from Brazil to the bordering countries stopped in 2001 , " wrote Dreyfus .
" CBC lost commercial markets in Latin America , but Brazil won in public security . "
However , manufacturers from other countries had moved in to fill the void , and before its purchase by CBC , S&B was already " one of the marks most currently apprehended " by Brazilian police .
Dreyfus said that , in view of the fact the Czech Republic was bound by the EU Code of Conduct on weapons exports - which states that EU countries must " evaluate the existence of the risk that the armament can be diverted to undesirable final destinations " , CBC should " consider the risk that some of these exports end up , via diversions , feeding violence in Brazil " .
Though his focus was on Latin America , Dreyfus also advised the government of Mozambique and at the time of his death was preparing to do the same for the government of Angola , where stockpiles of weapons left over from the civil war continue to pose a security problem .
Dreyfus and Dreyer were on their way to Geneva to present the latest edition of the Small Arms Survey handbook , of which Dreyfus was a joint editor .
It was to have been their latest step in their relentless fight against evil .
Why do we keep clinging to myths , even when research or other facts tell us the myths are n’t true ?
That ’s the question posed by Newsweek ’s Sarah Kliff , discussing a new book put out by Vreeman and Carroll , who blow away 66 new medical myths in their new book , Do n’t Swallow Your Gum !
The research offers only a few answers as to why we keep believing things like we must drink 8 glasses of water a day ( myth ) and the belief that vitamin C helps cure the common cold ( myth ) :
The body of research on belief formation is relatively sparse .
One expert in the field , York University psychologist James Alcock , admits that it ’s difficult to trace where beliefs start .
“ Even as individuals we usually can’t explain where beliefs come from , ” says Alcock , who is currently at work on a book about the psychology of belief .
“ Why should you drink eight glasses of water ?
People will say they heard it somewhere .
Sometimes it ’s impossible to trace the source , but it just gets repeated over and over . ”
Some myths begin with a kernel of truth that gets misinterpreted , like the eight - glass theory .
In 1945 , the Food and Nutrition Board of the National Research Council stated that adults should take in about 2.5 liters of water a day and that most of this is contained in prepared foods .
Ignore that last part of the recommendation and you ’ve got the eight - glass mandate . [ … ]
So why do we do it ?
Something called “ illusory correlation ” may play a role :
Once we believe something , whether it ’s truth or myth , we begin to see confirmation in the world around us .
In psychology , Alcock explains , this is known as an illusory correlation : making connections between particular events that line up with our beliefs about the world .
I also think this ties in with something called “ confirmation bias , ” which suggests we only seek out information ( or interpret information we find ) that confirms our existing preconceptions about something .
So if we hear “ Drinking 8 glasses of water a day is a myth , ” we ’ll go look for something online that tells us otherwise ( such as this article on the Mayo Clinic ’s website that repeats the 8 glasses of water a day myth as an acceptable medical recommendation , despite admitting that the approach “ is n’t supported by scientific evidence . ”
Which kind of begs the question — why list it on your medical website if there ’s no evidence to support it ? ) .
Getting back to Alcock ’s explanation :
“ We can become attached to beliefs that seem to serve a function for us , ” Alcock explains , “ and we do n’t like to give them up even if they ’re false because they seem too true to be false . ”
This is especially true when we get information from a trusted source .
Since medical myths usually come from parents , doctors and media , it ’s no surprise they ’re particularly robust .
A while back , Alcock did an experiment with his students in illusory correlations .
He told them all that redheads were particularly erratic drivers and to watch out on the road for them .
Sure enough , his students came back reporting all sorts of stories of redheads gone wild on the road .
Alcock ’s pointing out that once this misinformation is out there , it ’s very difficult to change .
Myths take on a life of their own and enter into the “ common wisdom ” of society .
What about the myth that sugar intake causes symptoms of ADHD ?
Those illusory correlations seem particularly strong with one of the more controversial myths that Vreeman and Carroll debunked that sugar causes hyperactivity in children ( it does n’t ) .
There ’s a slew of double - blinded , randomized trials that have shown no connection between sugar consumption and a child ’s increase in energy .
“ For that one , anecdote seems to trump science , ” says Carroll .
“ They do n’t care how many good studies are out there , they ’ve seen it happen with their child so they know it must be true . ”
Carroll suspects that parents will often associate situations with sugar a birthday party , for example with hyperactivity and immediately identify sugar as the culprit , rather than considering the other factors that could cause a burst in energy .
Again , it does n’t help when websites such as WebMD suggest that “ a child may become more active due to an adrenaline rush produced by this blood sugar spike ” when answering the question “ Does sugar cause symptoms of ADHD . ”
The real answer is simply , “ No , there ’s no proof that sugar is connected to symptoms of ADHD in children . ”
Instead of that being the first sentence in the answer , it ’s the last sentence , clouding the clarity of our existing knowledge ( and the actual answer ) .
What can be done about all of these medical myths that seem to continue to float around ?
Medical myths usually stick around because no one ’s on a public - health crusade to set the record straight .
Of all the battles to pick in health care , chances are convincing Americans that they do n’t need to have eight glasses of water is nowhere near a top priority .
True .
Although a search of information on the web about the “ 8 glasses of water a day ” myth seems to be busted by every mainstream website in the search results .
That ’s because when a website can write a news article that “ busts ” a myth , it can be very newsworthy in itself .
So one of the ways we can combat such myths is n’t by a public health crusade , per se ’ .
It ’s by simply reporting on studies as they are published , which can by itself provide some counterbalance to the myth .
Read the full article : Why We Cling to Outdated Medical Myths
Why We Believe Medical Myths
They say “ a picture is worth a thousand words . ”
But for me , it was hard for me to get any word out while staring at these beautiful screenshots from Assassin ’s Creed 2 .
For more screenshots , go past the break .
After dinner last night , I lost my usual self - control and ate half a box of cookies .
No wonder .
My self - control had been under pressure all day .
I righteously refused a muffin at breakfast , did n’t scream at my kid to get out the door although we were late , made a conscious decision not to run over a pedestrian crossing against the light , kept my fist from pounding on the table during a faculty meeting , and resisted the urge to throw an annoying student out of my office .
But by 7 p.m. , my self - control mechanism was worn out , and down those cookies went .
The empty box would have been no surprise to Yale University psychologist Joshua Ackerman and colleagues who have discovered that self - control not only wears us down , even thinking about other people 's self - control is too much to handle .
In the latest issue of the journal Psychological Science , the researchers taunted subjects with the story of a waiter who was surrounded by gourmet food but not allowed a taste .
Some of the subjects were encouraged to go beyond polite listening and actually imagine this poor waiter , to have real empathy with his situation .
And then everybody was shown pictures of expensive stuff .
Those who had put themselves in the shoes of the waiter , had suffered all that self - control as he had , wanted that stuff , no matter the price .
In other words , just the thought of someone , anyone , depriving himself eventually makes greedy beasts of all of us .
Apparently , it 's human nature to be out of control .
Imagine our early ancestors roaming the savannah looking for food .
They might bring down a gazelle , but that meat was probably not enough for some of the group .
As soon as they wiped their mouths , those lacking self - control were probably off again on the hunt because they could not deny themselves anything .
Such an attitude was probably adaptive .
It kept the group on the take , always looking , always wanting , always getting , and those who wanted more surely lived longer and passed on more genes that those who sat around the first gazelle and said , " We'll , I 'm satisfied , " not imagining they would be hungry again soon .
The need for self - control must have come much later , and in other spheres than food .
Group living , for example , takes great self - control ; it takes a lot to live with people day after day and not kill them , and so those more reflective humans who could keep their anger in check probably did well once humans settled into communities .
But that kind of self - control has become so painful in the modern world because there is so much to want , so much to tempt our restraint .
We live in busy , complex communities surrounded by desirable goods and fun ideas , and so all day , every day , we hold back .
And we see that most everyone else is holding back too .
We are hit hard by both our own weary self - control as well as the exhausting empathy we apparently have for everyone else 's self - control .
It really is too much .
It makes perfect sense that we sometimes lose it and eat half , or even a whole , box of cookies in one sitting .
Meredith F. Small is an anthropologist at Cornell University .
She is also the author of " Our Babies , Ourselves ; How Biology and Culture Shape the Way We Parent " ( link ) and " The Culture of Our Discontent ; Beyond the Medical Model of Mental Illness " ( link ) .
Her Human Nature column appears each Friday on LiveScience .
Most areas in the markets have now discounted a V - shaped recovery .
Any doubt will trigger a rapid reversal in prices .
I continue to be extremely sceptical and see recent events as part of a 1930s - like , long march to revulsion .
Talking about long marches , nowhere in the world fills me with more scepticism than the Chinese economic recovery .
The continued enthusiasm for all things China reminds me so much of the way investors were almost totally blind to the fact the US growth miracle was built on sand .
China could be the biggest disappointment yet .
It is amazing how easily group - think takes a vice - like hold in the financial markets .
As the BRIC economies meet for their debut summit , few dare to speak out against the new , ‘ New Paradigm ’ .
We also saw this same investor mania 13 years ago with the Asian Bubble , which the consensus thought was a growth miracle .
But to go that far against the consensus invites a deluge of hate mail .
That is why I keep a copy of a World Bank book entitled Thailand ’s Macroeconomic Miracle : Stable Adjustment and Sustained Growth
It was published in October 1996 , less than a year before Thailand ’s ( and Asia ’s ) economic collapse .
It is all too easy for investors to buy into beguiling ‘ growth ’ stories which are in fact utter nonsense .
If the bubble of belief in China ’s medium - term growth prospects finally bursts it will have huge investment implications .
I will be writing far more about this subject over this summer .
But one thought , if China is doing so well how come Chinese company profits in the year to April are down some 30 % yoy ( see chart ) ?
SG have an excellent Asian economist , Glenn Maguire , who , unlike me , has been totally right about the recovery in the Chinese data this year ( e.g. for example his Asian Economic Scrapbook – link ) .
But it was notable that when the 6.1 % yoy rise in Q1 GDP was published he said the real outturn was actually more like 3.5 % yoy , but that the authorities “ smooth ” the data at turning points .
Let me put that into plain English .
The Q1 6.1 % GDP outturn is simply a lie - and it helps explain why the Chinese data is derided by so many economic commentators .
Many have highlighted that the GDP seems inconsistent with other data such as electricity output .
This latter series remains weak .
In May it declined 3.2 % yoy and by 3 % on the smoothed basis .
Yet few dare to point out that the emperor ’s clothes might be absent .
When , for example , the International Energy Agency had the temerity , a few weeks back , to suggest that the Chinese authorities were inflating the data ( link ) , they were met with a robust broadside from the Chinese National Bureau of Statistics .
The NBS said on its website " “ It is regrettable that the point of view in the original article is groundless …... We believe that , for an international organization , this approach lacks seriousness ” " – link .
I think this is a case of me thinks thou doth protest too much .
Nevertheless , an article on Radio Free Asia reported that The National People ’s Congress had found “ serious fabrication ” in official statistics – link and link .
hat tip Oso
Just released , a new and highly relevant Weekly Strategy report out from Albert Edwards of Societe Generale .
Not only does Edwards , who was previously vilified then praised for calling the 1997 Asian Bubble , see a significant drop in equities before the end of the year , his main concern is every optimist 's greatest green shoot : China .
Edwards follows up with some very amusing observations on mass delusions :
The China doomsday scenario is nothing new , although mocking Edwards would be deja vu ( and reckless ) based on his prior correct prognostications .
Furthermore , it is in both the US and China 's interest to perpetuate the con game that everything in either country is fine .
Yet the truth is that the economies of both countries are accelerating their deterioration , yet the respective governments , in an attempt to hold the wool over everybody 's eyes , will be unable to do anything to really address the issue , until in tried and true fashion , it is much too late .
Instead of feigning concern over declining 401 ( k ) 's and the lack of Joe Sixpack 's latest credit fueled Plasma TV spending spree , our President should address every single weakness that America is suffering from , highlight it , and provide realistic alternatives to fix it , instead of betting the farm on increased leverage and speculative second derivatives of hope .
The same goes double for our biggest creditor , although both imploding at the same time due to a disconnect between reality and perception , would have a poetic symmetry to it .
Culinary travel has grown rapidly in popularity in recent years and I ’ve jumped wholeheartedly on the bandwagon .
Have you ?
Why I Travel for Food And So Should You
I ’ve always loved food .
At home , I do the things that every foodie does .
I cook elaborate five - course meals for our friends , I watch Top Chef and dream of another life in which I might have become a chef , and I regularly attend food and wine festivals .
However , it was n’t until about five years ago that I took my eating habit on the road .
Until then , I had no idea the limitless benefits I would gain from traveling for food .
I can assure you , now that this very important lesson has been learned , no matter where our adventures take us , food is a central part of the trip .
For the Love of Travel and Food
As I said , it was about five years ago – coincidentally around the time my husband and I started traveling together – when I finally combined my love for travel and food .
We were becoming interested in wine tourism and we ’d heard good things about the Stellenbosch region of South Africa .
Food and Wine
While researching the area , we found that many of the wineries also had world - class restaurants and it became clear that we would be missing half the experience if we did n’t explore the burgeoning food scene .
So we made reservations at top restaurants with wine - pairing menus , and experienced foods we ’d never tried before , like wild game and ostrich .
We learned about popular grape varietals like Pinotage – the pillar of South Africa wine – and how today ’s modern cuisine in South Africa developed with the influence of many different cultures .
I came away from that trip with a new - found appreciation for the power of food .
Food Travel Awakens the Senses
You ’re wondering how food can be powerful , right ?
It ’s simple .
Eating utilizes all five senses .
Not only do we taste our food , we also touch it , smell it , devour it with our eyes and listen to it sizzle in the pan .
We ’re in a heightened state of being whenever we interact with food , so it stands to reason that intentionally experiencing food while you ’re traveling will increase the intensity of the memories you build .
Food Takes you Back to Your Travels
Have you ever noticed how even the faint aroma of something you ate on a vacation instantly takes you back to the moment you experienced it .
Tasting an Argentinian Malbec transports me to a tasting room in Mendoza .
The smell of galangal and lime instantly brings to mind the Thai cooking class we took in Chiang Mai .
Even the sight of choclo ( really large corn ) gets me excited for the intense flavors of Peruvian food .
Just ask my husband – “ big corn ” , as I call it , elicits an unreasonable amount of excitement from me .
Food is Powerful
You see , food is powerful .
It has the ability to shape your journey and define your memories .
Food is also an essential part of life and community .
It ’s what makes us who we are as a people .
Without it there is no authentic travel experience .
It ’s the times we congregate around a dinner table with newly formed friends , get invited to lunch with a local family or take time for a picnic in a vineyard that we remember the most .
Not necessarily because of the food itself – although if it ’s good that ’s an added bonus – but because those are the moments when the best memories are made .
Good Food is Worth It
I read a lot of blog posts and travel articles about how to save money on food while traveling and how to avoid street food so as not to get sick .
It makes me sad to think of all the amazing things I would have missed out on in a country if I had taken that advice .
I seriously question whether you can experience the real , authentic side of a culture without experiencing the food .
After all , what is Thailand without a plate of Pad Thai , China without Dim Sum , Canada without poutine , Mexico without street tacos ?
I ’m exaggerating a little , but you get the point .
All Food is Amazing
Indulging in Michelin - starred restaurants , veering off the beaten path to where they make the best - fried noodles , immersing yourself in an authentic cooking school in Tuscany , or even accepting a dare to eat a deep - fried cricket from a market in Cambodia – these are the things vibrant memories are made of .
And if you do n’t seek out food , you ’ll miss out on an entire aspect of the journey .
Ever since that first trip to South Africa , we have been intentionally choosing destinations based on our desire to find new culinary hotspots .
We choose destinationst to expand our knowledge and appreciation for not only the history and architecture of a country but the food that the culture was built on .
Doing so has had a great impact on our travels .
South African Food
As is the case with many countries around the world , South African cuisine is a conglomeration of many different subcultures .
If we only went to South Africa to see elephants ( which are pretty fantastic – do n’t get me wrong ) , we would n’t have learned so much about the vast and dynamic culture of the country through the food .
Sure , we could have opened a textbook and read of the history that brought all of these cultures together , but then we would n’t have experienced it firsthand and taken home all of those priceless memories .
Food Becomes a Part of Travel , Even When You Least Expect It
We do still take trips that have no immediately apparent food focus – like to Turkey – where we went because we wanted to check out Istanbul and the fairy chimneys of Cappadocia .
But even those trips ended up expanding our global palette and introducing us to things we would never have experienced without the power of food .
We went on one of our favorite food tours in Istanbul , and even did some wine tasting in ancient wine caves in Cappadocia .
Now that I ’ve sufficiently plied you with drool - worthy photos of food from around the world , ca n’t we agree that intentionally adding food to your travels will greatly enrich your experience ?
If you ’re a foodie like me , just knowing that we are n’t limited to the restaurants and gourmet food markets of our own cities is reason enough for me to get excited about traveling .
There ’s a world full of incredible foods beckoning to be eaten and they are just a plane ride or road trip away .
And if you ’re not a foodie — well , you still have to eat , right ?
So why not eat a little , learn a little and take home the leftovers ?
What is your favorite food travel memory ?
Do you have a favorite country you like to travel to specifically for the food ?
Read next :
Eat Like a Greek , A Food Lover ’s Guide to Zante
Author Bio : Laura Lynch is the creator and writer of the travel blog , Savored Journeys , which is an exploration of food and wine around the world .
She ’s an avid world traveler , having been to 44 countries , and lover of great food and wine .
Connect with Laura on Twitter , Facebook , Pinterest , and Instagram .
Dave and Deb ’s Note :
Thanks for the post Laura !
As we travel through Costa Brava , Catalunya in Spain we are appreciating food travel more and more each day .
We can understand why culinary travel has grown so much .
Spain has it down to an art form and each meal is a work of art , cultural experience and a great way to get a feel for the life and rhythm of the country .
Rocketboom was one of the original video blogs , taking current geek news and making fun of it .
Sometimes though they 're the victim of their own snark .
On April 29th they posted this video :
The thing is , that whole thing I posted about the Shuttle image being faked ?
Yeah , Rocketboom , oops .
So I 've responded .
Here are the posts in question :
My original Shuttle post , and my confession .
And please note that I was right from the start : the photo was Photoshopped , I knew it all along , and I was having fun with it .
Amazing how a lot of people totally missed the boat on that .
In the state ’s continuing political battles over gay marriage , both sides are targeting Latino voters , and a new Los Angeles Times poll illustrates why .
Overall , the poll showed , a substantial majority of voters in Los Angeles support the right of same - sex couples to legally marry , with 56 % in favor and 37 % opposed .
That finding closely tracked the results of November ’s election in which Proposition 8 , which limited marriage to unions of a man and a woman , won statewide but lost in the city of Los Angeles .
But the poll also showed that within the city , views on the issue differed widely among racial and ethnic groups .
White voters were most emphatic in their support for same - sex marriage , with 68 % supporting it and 27 % opposing .
African American voters were strongly against it , with 54 % opposing same - sex marriage and 37 % supporting it .
Opposition to gay marriage by African Americans was widely seen as a major factor contributing to the passage of Proposition 8 .
Latinos in the current poll were split , with 45 % supporting same - sex marriage and 46 % opposing .
Within the Latino population , there were additional divisions : women , the young and people with college educations offered more backing for gay marriage than men , older voters and those with fewer years of schooling .
Since the passage of Proposition 8 , political analysts have suggested that statewide support for same - sex marriage is only a matter of time , and the poll offered support for that idea .
Among Los Angeles voters , support for same - sex marriage grew consistently stronger as the age of respondents decreased .
Among those age 18 - 29 , 66 % said same - sex marriages should be recognized as valid , while 29 % disagreed .
The percentage of support declined slightly with each increment of age ; those age 50 - 64 supported gay marriage by a narrower 55 % - 39 % margin .
The only voters to oppose same - sex marriage in greater numbers than those who backed it were those older than 64 .
In that group , 43 % supported legal gay marriages and 48 % were opposed .
The Times Poll was conducted for The Times by Greenberg Quinlan Rosner Research in conjunction with Public Opinion Strategies , both based in Washington , D.C. The poll questioned 1,500 registered voters in the city of Los Angeles from June 10 - 16 .
The margin of error is plus or minus 2.6 percentage points .
-- Cathleen Decker
Check Sunday 's Los Angeles Times for full results of the new Times Poll on topics including Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa 's political future , the city 's budget deficit and a look ahead at next year 's race for governor .
Photo : L.A. Times
[ Updated 1:42 p.m .
An earlier version of the headline on this article said L.A. voters were divided along racial and ethnic lines on Proposition 8 .
The poll asked for opinions on same - sex marriage , not on the ballot initiative specifically . ]
More coverage :
The Times answers reader questions about Prop . 8
Times Prop. 8 voting results map
Full coverage of Prop. 8 on L.A. Now
Times gay marriage interactive map
Actor Sushant Singh Rajput 's father met with Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar in state capital Patna today to thank the Janata Dal United chief for recommending a CBI probe into the death of his son .
Sitting at a distance from each other and wearing masks - COVID - 19 cases are rising in Bihar - the Chief Minister and the actor 's father , KK Singh , exchanged greetings before they moved to discussing the case briefly .
Mr Singh was accompanied by his eldest daughter and her husband OP Singh , an Indian Police Service officer .
Stripperin Clara für Gießen und gesamt Hessen buchen
Guten Tag , ich bin Clara .
Stripperin ist für mich nicht nur irgendeine Arbeit , für mich ist Strippen meine große Leidenschaft .
Ich liebe das sexy Spiel und die ästhetische Show .
Tanzen und mich zur heißer Musik bewegen und ihnen dabei eine besondere Stripshow zu zeigen ist für mich etwas ganz Besonderes .
Ich bringe mit meiner Show in jede Party Abwechslung und erotisches Stimmung .
Ich wohne im schönen Gießen und Sie können mich für Gießen und ganz Hessen mieten .
Eine Stripshow und mich buchen
Sie direkt bei mir selbst und nicht über eine Agentur .
Wenn Sie Spaß an der Kunst der erotischen Entkleidung haben , dann sind Sie bei mir genau richtig .
Ich habe richtig viel Spaß an dieser Arbeit und das werden Sie auch an meiner Show sehen .
Diskretion , Ästhetik und Freude an meinen
Shows sind für mich selbstverständlich .
Wenn
Sie also eine sexy
Show für eine Geburtstagsparty , eine sexy Stripperin für einen Junggesellenabend oder einen flotten Auftritt für eine Firmenfeier suchen , dann bin ich die richtige Stripperin für ihre Veranstaltung .
Sie können mich in diversen und unterschiedlichsten Kostümen buchen .
Mit Vergnügen überrasche ich Sie als heiße Feuerwehrfrau , unschuldiges Schulmädchen , aufmerksame Krankenschwester oder auch in reizenden Spitzendessous .
Sollte ich ein Outfit nicht in meinem Repertoire haben werde ich versuchen auch dieses Kostüm zu zeigen .
Mein Strip wird garantiert das Highlight einer jeden Party und eine gelungene Überraschung für Ihre Gäste .
Ich habe für jede Veranstaltung sicher das passende Kostüm und Stripshow .
Meine Tanzausbildung und meine jahrelange Erfahrung im Bereich des Striptease garantiert Ihnen eine perfekte Show und einen einzigartigen Auftritt .
Ihre Ansprüche in Bezug auf eine Stripshow , Striptanz werde ich versuchen zu erfüllen Pünktlichkeit und Zuverlässigkeit sind für mich nicht nur leere Worte .
Mein Strip garantiert
Ihnen eine einzigartige Exklusivität .
Möchten
Sie eine ganz besondere Überraschung für Ihre Party dann reservieren Sie meine Show .
Stripperin Cindy aus Hamurg für die nächste Party buchen
Stripshow mit Stripperin Cindy aus Hamburg : Hallo , ich bin Cindy aus Hamburg .
Stripperin ist für mich nicht nur irgendein Beruf , sondern vor allem eine große Leidenschaft .
Ich liebe das erotische Spiel und die ästhetische Show .
Tanzen und mich zur heißen Musik bewegen und ihnen dabei eine einzigartige Stripshow zu bieten ist für mich etwas ganz Besonderes .
Ich bringe mit meiner Show in jede Fete Vielfältigkeit und erotische Stimmung .
Ich bin im schönen Hamburg daheim und Sie können mich für die Region Hamburg und ganz Norddeutschland buchen .
Eine Stripshow und mich buchen
Sie direkt bei mir selbst und nicht über eine Agentur .
Falls Sie Spaß an einer erotischen Stripshow haben , dann bin ich für Sie die richtige Stripperin .
Ich habe richtig viel Spaß an dieser Arbeit und das werden Sie auch an meiner Show sehen .
Diskretion , Ästhetik und Freude an meinen
Shows sind für mich selbstverständlich .
Wenn
Sie folglich eine sexy
Show für eine Geburtstagsparty , eine sexy Stripperin für einen Junggesellenabend oder einen flotten Auftritt für eine Firmenfeier suchen , dann bin ich die perfekte Stripperin für Sie .
Ich verfüge überallerlei Outfits und bin zudem enorm variabel .
Gerne überrasche ich Sie als scharfe Polizistin , verschwitzte Bauarbeiterin , strenge Lehrerin oder auch in reizenden Spitzendessous .
Sie können gern Ihre Wünsche äußern und ich werde versuchen sie zu erfüllen .
Mein Strip wird garantiert der Mittelpunkt einer jeden Party und eine gelungene Überraschung für Ihre Gäste .
Für jedes
Event habe ich die perfekte
Show mit tollen zauberhaften Kostümen .
Meine Tanzausbildung und meine jahrelange Erfahrung im Bereich des Striptease sichert Ihnen eine ganz besondere Show und eine einzigartige Darbietung .
Die höchsten Qualitätsansprüche werden Ihnen erfüllt .
Pünktlichkeit und Zuverlässigkeit sind für mich nicht nur leere Worte .
Mein Strip garantiert
Ihnen eine einmalige Exklusivität .
Meine Stripshows sind voll mit Überraschungen und machen Ihre Feier zu etwas ganz Besonderem .
Ich werde versuchen ihre besonderen Wünsche für eine Stripshow zu erfüllen .
Dabei ist es egal welche Party oder welches Event Sie vorbereiten , ich biete für alle Fälle die passende Stripshow an , denn als Stripperin bin ich extrem wandelbar .
Mit meiner
Show ist Exklusivität garantiert .
Ich würde mich sehr freuen , wenn Sie einfach einmal einen Blick auf mein Profil und auf meine Bilder werfen würden .
Ich würde mich besonders freuen , wenn Sie mir eine E - Mail - Nachricht senden oder wenn Sie mit mir telefonisch Kontakt aufnehmen würden .
Stripperin Valery aus Regensburg buchen
Hallo , ich bin Stripperin Valery .
Stripperin ist für mich nicht nur irgendein Beruf , das Strippen ist meine große Liebe .
Ich liebe das sexy Spiel und die ästhetische Stripshow .
Tanzen und mich zur heißen Musik bewegen und dabei einen perfekten Striptease hinzulegen ist mein Spezialgebiet .
Ich bringe mit meiner Show in jede Fete Abwechslung und erotisches Ambiente .
Ich wohne im schönen Regensburg und Sie können mich für Regensburg und ganz Bayern buchen .
Gebucht wird direkt bei mir und nicht über irgendeine Vermittlung .
Wenn Sie Freude an der Kunst der erotischen Entkleidung haben , dann sind Sie bei mir genau richtig .
Ich habe viel Spaß am Strippen und dieses werden sie in meinen Stripshows erkennen und sehen .
Diskretion , Ästhetik und Freude an meinen
Shows sind für mich selbstverständlich .
Wenn
Sie also eine sexy
Show für eine Geburtstagsparty , eine hübsche Stripperin mit einer tollen
Show für einen Junggesellenabend oder eine Firmenfeier suchen , dann bin ich die richtige Stripperin für ihre Veranstaltung .
Sie können mich in diversen und verschiedenen Kostümen buchen .
Gern überrasche ich Sie als scharfe Polizistin , verschwitzte Bauarbeiterin , aufmerksame Krankenschwester aber auch in herrlichen Dessous .
Sollte ich ein Kostüm nicht in meinem Repertoire haben werde ich versuchen auch dieses Kostüm zu zeigen .
Mein Striptease wird garantiert das Highlight einer jeden Feier und eine gelungene Überraschung für Ihre Gäste .
Für jeden Event habe ich die passende
Show mit tollen zauberhaften Kostümen .
Meine Stärken sind neben der erotischen Kunst der Entkleidung und dem Tanz , auch meine lange Erfahrung , von der meine Shows geprägt sind und ihren besonderen Charakter erhalten .
Die höchsten Qualitätsansprüche werden Ihnen erfüllt .
Pünktlichkeit und Zuverlässigkeit sind für mich nicht nur leere Worte .
Mein Strip garantiert
Ihnen eine einzigartige Exklusivität .
Möchten Sie eine einzigartige Überraschung für Ihre Party dann mieten Sie meine Show .
Geben
Sie direkt bei einer Reservierung Ihre Wünsche an und ich bin bestrebt sie zu erfüllen .
Egal welche Feier oder welche Veranstaltung Sie planen , ich biete für alle Veranstaltungen die passende Stripshow an , denn als Stripperin bin ich immens wandelbar .
Mit meiner Stripshow ist Einzigartigkeit garantiert .
Sehen Sie sich unverbindlich mein Profil und meine Fotos auf dieser Webpräsenz an .
Ich würde erfreut sein wenn
Sie mit mir eine Mail zukommen lassen oder mich direkt anrufen würden .
North Korea has positioned its most sophisticated long - range ballistic missile at a launch site for a test that could come within weeks , a newspaper here reported Monday .
The regime , which conducted a nuclear test in May , raising tensions worldwide , could fire its missile June 16 , when South Korean President Lee Myung - bak is to meet with President Obama in Washington , according to the report .
In recent days , North Korea has ordered all shipping traffic out of waters off its west coast , a ban it said would be in effect through July .
The moves come as the U.N. Security Council contemplates new sanctions against North Korea for conducting an underground nuclear test and launching five short - range missiles last month .
Advertisement
The Dong-a Ilbo newspaper in Seoul reported that the new missile was set for launch from the Dongchang - ni launch site on North Korea ’s west coast and could be a version of the Taepodong - 2 fired in April .
The report , citing unnamed sources , said the missile had a range of up to 4,000 miles and could reach Alaska .
Both South Korea and Japan said Monday that a new test could come within weeks .
“ Given that North Korea has carried out a nuclear test , we ca n’t deny the possibility that they will further test - fire an intercontinental ballistic missile , ” Chief Cabinet Secretary Takeo Kawamura said at a news conference in Tokyo .
Without mentioning the new missile , South Korea ’s President Lee said in a radio address that Seoul would not tolerate further provocations .
Advertisement
The North ’s “ second nuclear test last week brought great disappointment and shock not only to our people , but the entire world , ” Lee said .
He echoed Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates ’ assertion that the world would not accept a nuclear - armed North Korea .
During a news conference Monday in Manila , where he was meeting with Filipino military officials , Gates confirmed that Pyongyang appeared to be readying a long - range missile .
But “ at this point , it ’s not clear what they ’re going to do . ”
Gates later left for Alaska , where he viewed a key part of the U.S. missile defense system , the ground - based interceptor silos .
Speaking after his tour of the silos , Gates said the North ’s test had solidified support for missile defense and that the program should be a “ source of comfort ” for the U.S. public .
Advertisement
“ If there were a launch from a rogue state such as North Korea , I have good confidence that we would be able to deal with it , ” Gates said .
In the 2010 budget , he proposed cutting more than $ 1 billion from missile defense , halting the planned expansion of the interceptors from 30 to 44 .
After the North Korean test , some experts have suggested rethinking those cuts .
But Gates told reporters , “ The 30 interceptors we have are adequate for years to come to deal with the North Korean threat as we see it developing . ”
He said North Korea would not be able to deploy a significant number of long - range missiles in a short period .
If it decides to expand its capabilities , the U.S. will have “ ample time ” to add interceptors , he said .
Advertisement
South Korean newspapers have reported that a train carrying a long - range missile arrived at the base , 120 miles northwest of Pyongyang , where a launch pad has been set up .
The reports speculated that leader Kim Jong
Il might visit the site soon .
On Friday , Pyongyang ’s state - run news agency said the nation had “ a right to conduct as many nuclear tests or missile launches as it wants in the event that the supreme interests of the state are infringed upon . ”
Analysts say Pyongyang may be looking to disrupt the summit between Lee and Obama , who will discuss the ongoing crisis on the peninsula .
Pyongyang ’s last rocket launch , in April , was timed to coincide with an international summit in Europe .
Choi Choon - heum , senior research fellow at the Korea Institute for National Unification in Seoul , said an ICBM launch is the next step in the North ’s goal to become a formidable power .
“ North Korea gained confidence from mid-range missiles , ” he said .
“ Now it is moving on to the long one . ”
Advertisement
Other analysts agreed that a missile launch appeared certain if the United Nations lays out new sanctions .
“ North Korea has said that if the U.N. Security Council agrees on sanctions , it would stage a nuclear test or missile test , ” said Paik Hak - soon , director of the Center for North Korean Studies at Sejong Institute near Seoul .
“ They think this is their chance to test - fire an ICBM .
They ’re thinking :
Let ’s get a status of a nuclear state .
And besides that , we can achieve a capability for the ICBM . ”
--
Advertisement
john.glionna@latimes.com
Times staff writer Julian E. Barnes in Manila and Alaska and Ju-min Park of The Times ’ Seoul Bureau contributed to this report .
Juergen
Teller is dressed in an oversized white T - shirt and bright blue satin shorts , edged with white piping and so brief they would have made George Best circa 1975 blush .
Despite the fact that he is by no means a small man – his legs , in particular , are thickset and strong – he wears them well , like a man who feels entirely at home with his body and perhaps indeed soul .
Teller is the very embodiment of extreme self - confidence , not to mention happiness and rude good health .
It is the stuff of fashion folklore that the photographer developed a taste for hot pants while shooting the spring / summer 2004 Marc Jacobs campaign with the actress Charlotte Rampling .
" I was thinking , Charlotte Rampling , she has to have a grand environment , " Teller says .
" And I knew she would n't be interested in just doing merchandising for a fashion house .
I had to come up with something that went beyond that , something that would interest her , otherwise she would turn it down . "
To complicate matters – and fortuitously , as it turns out – Teller , a busy man by anyone 's standards , had been briefed to shoot both a womenswear and menswear campaign for the designer in question .
Why not combine the two ?
And why not – or " fuck , why not ? " as he puts it – cast himself in the male role ?
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
" I was very selfishly thinking : I 'm going to be the man .
I want to be with Charlotte Rampling . "
What guy would n't , after all ?
" Then , I got to Paris , " – having agreed on a suitably grand location , a suite at the Hotel Crillon – " and to my complete horror I could n't fit into any of the clothes .
I was too fat . "
His eyes widen .
" I was really stressed out about it , " he says .
" I thought , oh God , what am I going to do now ?
My desire to be with Charlotte , that drive , had overtaken me to the point where I had overlooked that problem completely and it just was n't going to work . "
Salvation came in the form of a pair of silver satin pants – " they are quite like these ones " , he says , pointing at his shorts , " they were the only thing I could get into " .
Rumour has it , he wore them religiously from that day forward .
Whatever , a series of unforeseen – and potentially insurmountable – events resulted in some of the most arresting fashion images that had been seen for years .
Here is Teller , in an unmade bed with Rampling , curled up , nearly naked and submissive as a small child in her arms .
In another image , the actress rests her beautiful head in his silver shorts - clad lap .
The pictures are both tender ( suggestive of a love affair more than anything illicit ) , thought - provoking ( Teller , the gentlemanly soul of discretion , says he does n't know how old Rampling is , but it is safe to assume that she is approaching 20 years his senior ) , and humorous ( he might be scantily clad in all his stocky glory but she is fully clothed to the point of prim ) .
But perhaps most remarkable of all , this was not a personal art project but a commercial exercise : the most important promotional vehicle for America 's most important designer , no less , destined to be published in every glossy fashion and style magazine across the globe .
Compare it to the product - focussed , coolly aspirational – and some might say alienating – biannual campaigns that come courtesy of most fashion brands , and this is a different beast entirely , one that , not to put too fine a point on it , makes most advertising appear sterile to the point of frigidity .
Did n't he feel exposed – physically or psychologically – by the publication of these pictures ?
" What do you mean ? " he asks .
Teller can make any question approaching the censorious appear ridiculous .
" I was in bed with Charlotte Rampling .
I felt like the king of the castle . "
***
On the day we meet , the king of the castle is sitting in the sunny courtyard of his West London studio and home , shared with his partner , the art dealer Sadie Coles and their young son .
Teller , who was born in Germany in 1964 , also has a daughter with the stylist Venetia Scott – the two of them spearheaded a movement that challenged the world 's preconceptions of fashion photography throughout the 1990s .
Their use of down - at - heel locations ( often their own homes ) , idiosyncratic models and insistence upon creating a narrative that appeared to go beyond simply " showing the clothes " , was in direct opposition to the status - driven aesthetic of the Eighties .
Call it grunge , real - life photography or – most infamously – heroin chic .
None of these labels are valid or do their work justice .
More than any other of the school 's main protagonists – David Sims , Corinne Day , Nigel Shafran among them – Teller turned this approach into an art form .
It was Scott who introduced Teller to Marc Jacobs – she has worked as his stylist for years – and the result was a fruitful collaboration that has lasted for more than a decade .
To say that the photographer has been discerning with regard to whom he has chosen to collaborate would be something of an understatement .
He worked with the Austrian master of minimalism Helmut Lang , from 1993 until his retirement from fashion ; he has teamed up with Rei Kawakubo of Comme des Garcons , and continues to photograph Vivienne Westwood 's advertising , most recently capturing the designer herself with Pamela Anderson , the pair of them gleefully – very gleefully – celebrating Barack Obama 's election as President .
" They are all their own boss , if you like , " Teller says of the designers for whom he 's worked .
" Marc Jacobs may be part of a big corporation now that LVMH is involved [ as well as designing his own line , Jacobs is responsible for LMVH cash cow Louis Vuitton ] , but he pulls the strings .
You do n't have an art director , a creative director , a CEO on the shoot .
What Helmut says goes , what Rei says goes , what Vivienne says goes , what Marc says goes .
I like that direct approach , where if something goes wrong we only have ourselves to blame .
I like that kind of relationship with a person who responds to my work , admires and understands it .
Of course I take the whole thing seriously but I could n't do a job where I did n't have any fun , and just to make money . "
Few fashion advertising campaigns would stand the scrutiny of publication in a weighty coffee - table tome .
Next month , a new book documenting all of Teller 's pictures for Marc Jacobs , from the first campaign for spring / summer 1998 to the present day , is published by Steidl .
It 's interesting not least because it follows both Teller 's and Jacobs ' trajectory from bright young outsiders to major players – it's organised chronologically , and the difference between the make - do - and - mend early campaigns featuring left - field musicians , and , say , later big - budget affairs where the subject may even be as well - known as Victoria Beckham , is in many ways as revealing as the individual images themselves .
The pair 's first ever subject was Sonic Youth front - woman , Kim Gordon .
" It was all very natural , " Teller says , more than 10 years later .
" Marc was friends with Sonic Youth and we liked their music .
Kim really liked one of his dresses and she was wearing it every day on her tour .
He was really touched .
So he asked whether I 'd go and photograph her onstage .
It just made perfect sense .
We liked her .
He was proud that she liked him .
I think that you feel that energy in the picture .
From then on we realised that , rather than photograph dead things , rather than photograph only product , we wanted to photograph Marc 's friends , my friends . "
In fact , this particular image stands alone in the body of work in as much as it is pure reportage .
While the other pictures in the book may look spontaneous , they are far from it .
For the Jacobs campaign
Teller may work with a skeletal team – often just with his subject and without the elsewhere - requisite hair and make - up and aforementioned art director , creative director , CEO and so forth .
He also has enough faith in his ability to produce an end result to create an environment in which a story is allowed , organically , to unfold .
But there is always a story – generally a romantic story or " fairytale " as Teller describes it .
These are rather more than mere snapshots , then , even though , on at least some occasions , their appeal lies in the fact that they may , at first glance and to the more naïve onlooker , look that way .
At least part of the reason for this is that Teller is pretty much alone in the industry in that his work is only very rarely – if ever – retouched .
" Everything is staged though , " Teller confirms .
" But it 's not like with Charlotte Rampling I thought , ' I 'm going to wear silver pants ' . "
For the autumn / winter 2000 campaign , Teller took Sofia Coppola for a walk in a snowy Central Park .
" There 's a beautiful girl , in a beautiful coat and she 's carrying a handbag .
We go for a walk .
A squirrel comes and she shows the handbag to the squirrel , the squirrel is interested in the handbag .
It just happened and that 's how I experience life .
I was just thinking , what does a woman do with a handbag , she carries it around .
She does n't sit in a studio holding it up so you can see it more clearly . "
Six months later he photographed Coppola again , for Marc Jacobs ' fragrance campaign .
The film - maker swims naked in cerulean blue water dappled with sunlight , smiling at the photographer who , for the first but certainly not last time , puts himself – his feet , to be precise – into the picture .
It says quite something for Jacobs that , given his high profile and the pressure his brand is under to perform commercially , he is prepared to align himself with such an apparently oblique world - view .
In the end , though , the calibre of the lead character each season – be she or he an actor , musician , artist , photographer , film - maker – is such that we could all be forgiven for wanting to be them .
And that , in the end , is precisely the point .
The casting of these images is certainly amongst the most significant things about them and , given the strict adherence to youth and beauty that fashion photography for the most part subscribes to , it is also ground - breaking .
Teller 's subjects are nothing if not diverse .
REM's Michael Stipe was the face of Marc Jacobs menswear for the autumn / winter 2007 season .
" We knew each other .
He put himself forward and was like , ' What do you think , it 's really embarrassing for me to ask and I wo n't be offended if Marc does n't think I 'm right . ' "
Samantha Morton pulled far - from - obviously - flattering faces for him in a platinum wig and silver sequins for autumn / winter 2003 .
Teller says that choosing the right subject each season is a highly intuitive process .
Jacobs , for example , had long wanted to use Winona Ryder , but Teller was n't too sure .
" I was a bit too frightened by her beauty , " he says , " she 's like Bambi or something .
Then there was that court case , where she stole Marc 's clothes and I rang Marc straight away and said , ' You know , I think we should do Winona . ' "
On another occasion – for spring / summer 2005 – the artist Cindy Sherman took centre stage .
" She 's been working with fashion , certainly with dressing up , all her career , putting on these different performances .
It would never have been enough to dress her up in Marc Jacobs clothes .
Instead , we started to have a dialogue , Cindy and me .
She sent me her books and I sent her my books and we looked at each other 's work .
I 'm good at is being very direct and very often in her film stills she 's looking away , she 's never really involved .
She 's also always alone .
So I thought it would be a good idea for her to interact with someone , but nothing felt right .
Then , one day , Sadie and me we were in a traffic jam on the motorway and we just looked at each other and realised , ' Oh God , it 's got to be me again . ' "
The finished campaign is the most openly comedic of any in the book and it is a measure of the creative freedom which Marc Jacobs awards
Teller that " I did n't even tell him I was going to be in the pictures .
When I finally showed them to him he thought it was fucking hilarious " .
The most famous subject in a series which has predominantly featured celebrity at its most esoteric is Victoria Beckham ( spring / summer 2008 ) .
" I think at the time we shot her , she may well have been the most - photographed woman in the world .
It would have been very easy to laugh at her but it was very important to Marc and myself that she was laughing with us .
She immediately said ' yes ' and she was very , very excited and also well - informed .
She studied my work and knew what it involved . "
The shoot culminated in the stick - thin celebrity being placed into a large Marc Jacobs carrier bag with only her spindly , mahogany brown legs in the shoes of the season on display .
" Of course , that was the last picture in the shoot , " Teller says .
" And it was the one I 'd wanted from the start . "
With its underlying commentary on the disposable nature of both fashion and the modern - day icons we love to hate , it is also perhaps the single most telling fashion photograph of the age .
Most of all , critics insist that Teller is an art photographer – he won the highly prestigious Deutsche Börse Photography Prize in 2003 – and that he does n't care about fashion .
" I am very pleased to say today that I am a fashion photographer who does other things , " he says .
Teller takes on numerous projects that are not commercially driven in the least .
" They 're just in my head , I need to do them for me .
But it 's insane that people say I do n't like fashion just because my pictures look a bit different , " he says .
" Everything is how you dress .
Everything .
I would never do some sort of stupid picture where everything is dark and you can't see the fabric or whatever , or crop something badly so you do n't get the right impression of a garment .
I did have my problems with fashion before , maybe .
As a heterosexual man , I was always a bit embarrassed of being a fashion photographer and did n't have the confidence to describe myself that way .
Now I do have the confidence .
It 's a weird thing to do , I know , but I just kind of got into it and I think I do it very well . "
' Juergen Teller : Marc Jacobs Advertising 1998 - 2009 ' , £ 78 , is published by Steidl is published in July .
To pre-order a copy for £ 70.20 ( free P&P ) call Independent Books Direct on 08700 798 897 , or visit www.independentbooksdirect.co.uk
Text size
" CONGRESS IS CURRENTLY CONSIDERING AN EMERGENCY ... stimulus measure , tentatively called the Bubble Act , " ran the mock - news story in the satirical weekly The Onion , " which would order the Federal Reserve to begin encouraging massive private investment in some fantastical financial scheme in order to get the nation 's false economy back on track . "
While the Fed generally needs no such encouraging , the story had the ring of non-literal truth .
Economists of the Austrian school have been telling us for many years that the source of boom - and - bust is the artificial expansion of money and credit brought on by the Federal Reserve .
And just to anticipate the usual objection : Boom - and - bust cycles certainly were a common occurrence before the advent of the Fed .
But before the advent of the Fed , the artificial expansion of money and credit was also a common occurrence .
The central bank was merely a way to institutionalize the process , while not incidentally giving economists another seat at the tables of power .
That last point is crucial .
Why is mainstream economics so unclear on the causes of business cycles ?
Perhaps because mainstream economists have been seduced by explanations that would elevate their power -- usually variations on the bogus theory originally advanced by John Maynard Keynes .
That business cycles can actually be caused by an institution whose abolition would diminish the power of economists is not an insight that economists are eager to grasp .
But reality does keep asserting itself .
For example , Columbia University economist and non-Austrian Jeffrey Sachs has recently written : " The U.S. crisis was actually made by the Fed ....
Monetary expansion generally makes it easier to borrow , and lowers the cost of doing so , throughout the economy ....
What was distinctive this time was the new borrowing was concentrated in housing ....
The Fed , under Greenspan 's leadership , stood by as the credit boom gathered steam , barreling toward a subsequent crash . "
To be fair , economist Sachs seems to be implying that the solution is to be found in better management of the Fed , rather than outright abolition .
On the other hand , since Sachs is indicting the reputed " maestro " of Fed chairmen , Alan Greenspan himself , the burden is surely on Sachs to prove the point .
Should we really stake the future of the economy on the hope that wise men even wiser than Greenspan will someday be our central bankers ?
The abolition of the central bank is just a major first step , since , as mentioned , the artificial expansion of money and credit can be carried on by other means .
But it 's a necessary first step .
There are better and worse ways to manage the Federal Reserve , but most are a matter of luck and hindsight .
As economist Marc Faber has written , " When ... the public ... finally realizes that central bankers are no wiser than the central planners of former communist regimes , the tide will turn and monetary reform will come to the fore .... market forces [ will ] drive economic activity , and not some kind of central planner .... "
Meanwhile , another key objection to Austrian business cycle theory is that the market should eventually be able to anticipate a credit expansion , and by doing so avoid its harmful effects .
In other words , why can't " rational expectations " defeat the Fed - induced business cycle ?
On that question , try Gene Callahan 's Economics for Real People : An Introduction to the Austrian School , Chapter 13 .
The Onion editors should also read it , if they have n't already .
Anti-piracy groups and lawyers across Europe are unmovable - they say that since they logged a copyright infringement from a particular IP address , the bill payer is responsible .
Now a court in Rome has decided that on the contrary , an IP address does not identify an infringer , only a particular connection .
Right across Europe , many countries are being targeted by anti-piracy evidence gathered by outfits such as Swiss - based Logistep .
After tracking alleged infringers , legal action is taken to force ISPs to hand over the identities of the person who pays the bill on the particular account linked to the allegedly infringing IP address .
Lawyers operating in tandem with companies like Logistep , such as ACS : Law in the UK , insist that since they have an IP address , this automatically means that the bill payer is the copyright infringer or at least liable for the infringement .
Italy , which has seen its fair share of misery inflicted by Logistep and its partners Peppermint Jam , now has reason to be optimistic that these cynical , profit - motivated operations can be dampened down .
Although anyone with a basic knowledge of the Internet could come to the same conclusion given 30 seconds in a quiet room , the Tribunale Ordinario di Roma has now ruled that an IP address alone does not identify an infringer .
According to a Punto Informatico report , on this basis the court kicked out a complaint against an individual accused of copyright infringement .
The District Attorney and judge said that the mere ownership of a connection from where an infringement took place is not sufficient to establish the identity of an infringer or liability of a defendant , especially since other people could have committed the alleged infringement .
In the UK right now , as many as 5,000 or more Internet bill payers are receiving letters through their doors from lawyers ACS : Law claiming that their Internet connection has been used to commit copyright infringement .
TorrentFreak is in contact with many letter recipients and we are convinced that many people are being wrongfully accused for a multitude of reasons .
Interestingly ACS : Law say that they do not necessarily claim that the bill payer committed the infringement , yet they still make threats and demand settlements for around £ 600 from that very individual .
They do this because they do not know and cannot prove who carried out the infringement , and simply hope that the bill payer feels responsible for what has happened and pays the settlement .
If it was n’t clear before to some , it should be pretty clear now .
As far as evidence goes , an IP address alone does not identify an infringer , merely a connection , and in the absence of additional evidence – such as that collected following an examination of the alleged infringer ’s PC – it means little on its own .
Thank you Italy for your common sense .
Distributor still working on issues regarding One Piece 's return
The North American distributor Funimation has officially announced that its online video portal site has returned with new Fullmetal Alchemist : Brotherhood episodes .
Specifically , the website is streaming episodes 10 through 12 .
Funimation says that the new portal adds many new backend features and greater bandwidth , and the company plans to develop and add more features .
The company asks that viewers report any issues in a forum thread on its website .
The One Piece anime series has been missing from the portal since May 30 .
Funimation Senior Public Relations Manager Jackie Smith tells ANN , " We want One Piece to return [ to the Funimation streaming video portal ] .
We 're working on it , but there are issues that we have to work out . "
Funimation CEO
Gen Fukunaga acknowledged earlier this month that his company 's video player setup had inadvertently exposed episodes of One Piece and Phantom ~ Requiem for the Phantom ~ to potential leaks before their Japanese airing dates .
Funimation later said that it brought its video player offline to implement " improvements that need to be made for security reasons and otherwise , " and has since been testing its new video player setup .
" I 'm really tired and my feet are aching from all the walking last week but I have to go , " said Rahil , a housewife who planned to attend yesterday 's march .
" This is an important day , I know there are risks but I do n't have a choice . "
A guy gets his new HTC Magic and shows us the new magical applications !
1 of 490
Rating : 5 stars I think these are the greatest , very quick and easy to make , they 're especially a hit with all the ladies .
I 've been making these for over 2 years now and I still get raves over them .
I sometimes add a teaspoon of instant coffee to the recipe and also substitute 1/2 cup of bittersweet chocolate chips in the first cup of chips in the recipe .
To help make handling the dough easier , I keep my hands damp with cold water , rinsing occasionally , while I 'm rolling the dough into balls , I also always use parchment paper when baking any cookie recipe .
Thumb Up Helpful ( 240 )
Rating : 5 stars SO DECADENT !
I just got done making these and they are so delicious !
I noticed that others had trouble with the cookies spreading , so I froze the batter for a 2 - 3 hours first .
I then used a small ice cream scoop to form the balls , any ice cream scoop with anti-freeze liquid in it should work .
Make sure to use a good non -stick cookie sheet but do NOT grease it !
And letting them sit for 5 minutes on the sheet to finish cooking before taking them off is a must , trying to take them off before them will only break them .
I will definitely be making these again !
Thumb Up Helpful ( 166 )
Rating : 5 stars WARNING : YOU MUST REALLY LOVE CHOCOLATE TO ENJOY THESE COOKIES !!!
I made a batch to take to a meeting tonight .
It 's very important to thoroughly chill the dough not just for easier handling .
The first batch I baked tasted kind of floury so I had to eat them myself ; ) .
I think letting the dough rest helps absorb the flour and baking powder .
I dropped by tablespoons and adjusted the baking time accordingly .
I also sprinkled some cookies with sliced almonds and some with cocoanut ... nice appearance .
If you want cocoanut flavor you 'll need to mix some cocoanut into the dough .
Sprinkling on top just gave a bare hint of cocoanut flavor .
This is a very good recipe and not difficult to make !
Thumb Up Helpful ( 119 )
Rating : 4 stars
This a great recipe for RICH , chocolately cookies .
Have a glass of milk nearby .
As an added suggestion , I used a 2 Tbsp. cookie scooper to make larger balls of dough and I rolled them in powdered sugar before I baked them .
Baking them for 10 - 12 minutes should bake them enough since they are larger than the 1 - inch recipe recommended cookie size .
I gave them out to friends and brought them into work .... everyone raved and asked for the recipe .
The larger cookies yield about 2 dozen +.
Thumb Up Helpful ( 75 )
Rating : 5 stars Sept. 18 , 2009 : These are amazing little cookies !
The perfect chocolatey indulgence that I was looking for .
Really , nothing is too chocolate for me and I love dark chocolate , so these are perfect for me !
I followed the recipe exactly ( refrigerating for 1 hour ) and they came out perfect .
I highly recommend this recipe !
****** UPDATE 7/30/10 : This is officially my most favorite chocolate cookie EVER !
This time I added 1 1/2 tsp .
Watkins raspberry flavoring and they are to die for !
Just heavenly .
The dough is really sticky , so I use a cookie sccop to make it easier .
Thumb Up Helpful ( 58 )
Rating : 5 stars
Been making these for years , same recipe as the Taste of Home one only available to paid subscribers on this site .
Anyway , mine come out different than the picture in the recipe - not so many " points " but that 's b/c I roll them well .
They are rounded little puffs with cracks in them .
VERY important to not overcook these .
Just until puffed with little cracks is perfect .
I adore this recipe , make them every Christmas and keep dough in the freezer all the time so I can pop a few when I need a chocolate rush !
Thumb Up Helpful ( 58 )
Rating : 5 stars
This recipe is great !!!!
It has become a staple in my family for all get togethers .
It is an easy recipe and tastes amazing .
The cookies melt in your mouth .
The only advice I have is not to over cook them .
The 9 - 11 minute cooking time is a must .
They are great rolled in chopped nuts , powdered sugar or colored sugar .
Thumb Up Helpful ( 49 )
Rating : 5 stars
These are good and chocolaty just what I wanted .
After I got the batter ready it seemed very thin but I put it in the fridge and it firmed up wonderfully .
I could n't roll it into balls because it stuck to my fingers so I just dropped them by teaspoonsful .
I frosted some of the cooled cookies with chocolate frosting and oh my they are so good .
Thumb Up Helpful ( 37 )
Rating : 5 stars I 've made these cookies several times and each time I have to bring along copies of the recipe .
Almost everyone has said these are the most delicious cookies they 've ever had .
Thumb Up Helpful ( 22 )
The URI to TrackBack this entry is : atheistempire.wordpress.com ...
Could it be that a site that calls itself " The Atheist Empire Of Liverpool " could be a tad biased ?
I do n't see any links in the atheistempire post to where this information was derived ?
Are we to just take the authors word for all of this ?
How do you explain the Roman records ?
Did the Romans actually fake records to help create a fake Christ ?
Why would they do that ?
There is a reason that all the worlds Religions believe that Jesus existed .
The debate is over who he was .
A Deity , a Prophet or just a charismatic Teacher and Leader ?
Considering the huge quantity of evidence you must admit he had an more profound impact on the Human Race than any other person in history .
Remove religion from the equation and take a look at the man known as Jesus Christ .
You will find that all evidence points to the fact that he did live and he had a huge impact on the world .
In fact I 've never met an Atheist who denied he was a real man .
Until you pointed out this site .
I find it interesting that the Atheists now feel they have to hide the fact that Jesus was a real person and feel compelled to invent a story that he did not exist .
I took the time to read through other material on that site and everything has one thing in common .
The author expects the readers to take their word for what they have published .
Regarding your other topic .
The lost tribes has been the subject of much debate .
There seems to be lots of opinion but no evidence as to what happened to these people .
Some feel they ended up here in the America's .
Since no records seem to exist , we may never know .
JavaScript must be enabled to login
Use of this software is subject to the End User License Agreement and other Third Party Licenses
Simulation , aka the ability to generate knowledge maps in various formats and languages , resides at the heart of the convergence that is expanding human capability and driving the systemic creation of knowledge .
It is absolutely critical to accelerating change in information , technology , problem solving , etc , and deserves a more central role in our models of economy , intelligence , society and living systems .
Accordingly , it is no accident that the market for humans who generate complex simulations is growing , as reported by the NYTimes earlier this week :
But how far back does simulation go ?
And what role does it play in our broader life system , not just social , informational and technologicial systems ?
Philosopher Jean Baudrillard , who has many great thoughts to offer on the matter , posits that
So where then do we turn for an updated version of this thinking ?
In his recent excellent Atlantic Monthly article ,
" According to Calvin , the reason we survived is that our brains changed to meet the challenge : we transformed the ability to target a moving animal with a thrown rock into a capability for foresight and long - term planning [ aka simulation ] .
In the process , we may have developed syntax and formal structure from our simple language . "
Technology scholar and
" [ T ] he more complex any system becomes , the better it models the universe that engendered it , and the better it seems to understand its own history and environment , including the physical chain of singularities that created it . " " .. there is something about the construction of the universe itself , something about the nature and universal function of local computation that permits , and may even mandate , continuously accelerating computational development in local environments . "
Of course , thinkers such as Richard Florida , Rise of the Creative Class , and Alvin Toffler , The Third Wave , have long argued that society 's demand for creative prosumers is expanding as we continue to free up brains for abstract endeavors not directly tied to classic survival behavior .
Only now , having seen the formation and resulting efficiencies of simulations such as Google Earth ( geospatial ) , Wikipedia ( lingual , memetic ) , Blue Brain ( human brain ) , Blue Gene ( genomic ) , Facebook ( social ) , fictional Virtual Worlds ( imagination ) , etc , we can confidently confirm that these prescient forecasts were indeed right on the money .
But how far back does simulation go ?
And what role does it play in our broader life system , not just social , informational and technologicial systems ?
Philosopher Jean Baudrillard , who has many great thoughts to offer on the matter , posits that simulation began with modern media technology .
But I think that 's a bit too clunky and binary , if you will , especially considering the work on conceptual metaphors as the basis of thought done by cognitive theorists such as Steven Pinker .
Though Baudrillard 's focus on externalized technology vs. internal processing of reality is very useful when analyzing a stretch of human history , it does n't fit well with long - term and acceleration models .
( Great work , but the abstractions need to be pruned to fit with modern theory .
I do think that the hyper - reality argument has a lot of merit .
More on that in the future .
)
So where then do we turn for an updated version of this thinking ?
In his recent excellent Atlantic Monthly article , Get Smarter , futurist Jamais Cascio convincingly argues the critical nature of simulation in human history , citing neurophysiologist William Calvin 's research on our evolutionary development :
Technology scholar and Singularity proponent Ray Kurzweil goes even broader in his assertion , contained in The Singularity is Near , that the ability to model , or simulate , is essential to life forms of varying complexity :
My personal take on the matter ( original article ) , in alignment with both Cascio and Kurzweil 's views , is that as organisms evolve and life 's complexity increases , new species with brains capable of greater quantification and abstraction ( simulation ! ) emerge at a regular clip .
Over time , these organisms discover ways to expand their knowledge by communicating ( actively or passively ) information to one another and letting the network manage their quantifications and decisions .
Then , eventually , the higher - level organisms figure out how to extend their knowledge into the environment through technology that allows them to communicate and retrieve it more easily than before .
This is accomplished directly through technologies like language , writing , or classical maps , and indirectly through the hard - technologies like spears , paint , and paper that critically support knowledge externalization .
In other words , I believe that simulation plays a critical role in not only the evolution and development of the human species , but also of all forms of life on this planet and probably in our known universe ( as suggested by recent findings that physical matter millions of light years distant closely resembles our own ) .
Consequently , I find it likely that we will soon discover a proof , power law or other theorem
This perspective or paradigm is useful in that it can 1 ) help us recontextualize and simplify much of what 's going on in exploding domains such as search , the semantic web and structured data for enterprise , and 2 ) help to streamline the abstractions we use to describe our system upn which we can then build cleaner new theories .
It 's particularly interesting to observe the web trending toward advanced simulation .
As I noted above , many of the web 's most valuable properties are rooted in super - simulations - massive bodies of structured data that can be viewed as a whole or sub-sections .
It is clear that the major players are now racing to add both more data and more structure to these simulations in order to fend off sharp - witted competitors and amass more resources , a very life - like behavior indeed .
Math savant Stephen Wolfram , the big brain behind " computational knowledge engine "
Wolfram then extrapolates this capability , suggesting that search may subseqently move onto " creat[ing ] things that have never been created before , in real time " .
That 's right .
One of the brightest structural minds on the planet sees our knowledge processors first becoming amazing simulators , then using that simulation data to piece together new structures that have never existed .
( Pretty cool that he 's also running an influential business . )
It kinda sounds like the human process known as thought or imagination , the ongoing processes of input - sorting - output , just dramatically scaled and accelerated .
Which brings us full circle to my initial assertion that simulation is a critical component of accelerating change and to the tandem argument that it deserves a more central role in our models of economy , intelligence , society and living systems .
for complex systems that correlates increased simulational ability with increased 1 ) control over environment and 2 ) survivability .
It may look a little bit like the following diagram , with the added explanation that simulation drives the creation of more knowledge as our informational inputs are expanded by technology that steadily increases the data we mine from withion our environment ( inner space ) and across the universe ( outer space ) :
This perspective or paradigm is useful in that it can 1 ) help us recontextualize and simplify much of what 's going on in exploding domains such as search , the semantic web and structured data for enterprise , and 2 ) help to streamline the abstractions we use to describe our system upn which we can then build cleaner new theories .
It 's particularly interesting to observe the web trending toward advanced simulation .
As I noted above , many of the web 's most valuable properties are rooted in super - simulations - massive bodies of structured data that can be viewed as a whole or sub-sections .
It is clear that the major players are now racing to add both more data and more structure to these simulations in order to fend off sharp - witted competitors and amass more resources , a very life - like behavior indeed .
Math savant Stephen Wolfram , the big brain behind " computational knowledge engine " Wolfram Alpha , who has written convincingly about his belief that life evolves from basic micro-interactions that he describes using the example of cellular automata , lends credence to the argument , claiming that search engines will soon have the ability to " simulate in real time based on [ text input ] descriptions " , which makes sense to me considering the growing amount of structured data ( thanks in large part to an increase in data , semantic tagging and knowledge engines such as Alpha , Google and IBM 's enterprise quantification software ) that can easily be converted into visual formats and models .
Wolfram then extrapolates this capability , suggesting that search may subseqently move onto " creat[ing ] things that have never been created before , in real time " .
That 's right .
One of the brightest structural minds on the planet sees our knowledge processors first becoming amazing simulators , then using that simulation data to piece together new structures that have never existed .
( Pretty cool that he 's also running an influential business . )
It kinda sounds like the human process known as thought or imagination , the ongoing processes of input - sorting - output , justscaled and accelerated .
Which brings us full circle to my initial assertion that simulation is a critical component of accelerating change and to the tandem argument that it deserves a more central role in our models of economy , intelligence , society and living systems .
CONCLUSION : Simulation is crucial not just to our contemporary economy , but to life 's knowledge engine(s ) at many different levels .
Understanding this can help us to better simulate our environment , history and future .
Earlier this week , in the FCC v. Fox Television Stations case , the Supreme Court provided some limited legal support to the Federal Communication Commission ’s ( or FCC ’s ) policy of penalizing TV networks for “ fleeting expletives ” – like the one that U2 singer Bono used when he blurted out “ this is really , really fucking brilliant ” upon winning a Golden Globe award .
I say “ limited ” because the Court may yet strike down the fleeting expletives ban on First Amendment grounds .
Its decision yesterday determined only that the FCC ’s ban was permissible under the statutes of Congress , and left for a later date the task of deciding whether it was likewise permissible under the limits of the Constitution .
My point in this blog post is not to focus deeply on the Supreme Court ’s case or the law behind it .
There are other posts in the blogosphere that provide a good summary and analysis of the case .
Rather , it ’s to ask whether ( and how ) the Court ’s First Amendment jurisprudence on swearing should be informed by the neurobiology and psychology of swearing .
This is not a subject I ’m an expert on .
But it is among the topics that Steven Pinker delves into in his recent book , The Stuff of Thought : Language as a Window on Human Nature .
And this makes Pinker ’s analysis a potential source of guidance for the Supreme Court to understand how our emotional brains process swearing , just as he has offered some recent guidance ( in a NY Times op - ed ) on why a grammar - obsessed chief justice might instinctively and unintentionally amend the presidential oath of office , as Chief Justice Roberts did in his first attempt to swear in President Obama .
Pinker ’s book provides an illuminating discussion of swearing , and how and why we do it .
As he explains , it is not an accident that swear words in English and many other languages deal with aspects of life we prefer not to dwell upon : diseases and the bodily effluvia that carry them , sexual depravity , and fears of threatening supernatural forces .
( Stuff of Thought , pp. 339-348 ) .
Swear words are meant to create such feelings of unpleasantness .
And they are so effective at producing an emotional charge , that people sometimes use them not to evoke images or thoughts of their scatological or sexual meaning ( for example ) but simply to “ ping people ’s emotion buttons ” and “ arouse the listener ’s attention ” ( as Pinker says in this videotaped discussion of his book ) .
Some evidence of this effectiveness can be found not only in how many of us feel upon hearing them , but also in brain scans , which show that when people hear a taboo word , there is an increase in metabolic activity within the amygdala , ( p. 332 ) , which – as a set of earlier posts on this blog have noted– is associated with the generation of anxiety , anger , and other emotions .
The effectiveness of swear words is due not only to their emotional power , but to another , more general feature of the way our brain processes language , which is that “ understanding the meaning of a word is automatic . ” ( p. 332 ) If you ’re a “ literate adult , ” once you ’ve become familiar with the meaning of a word , “ you ca n’t will the process ‘ off ’ even when you ’re trying to ignore ” words ’ meanings in order to pay attention to some characteristic , like the color of the ink they ’re written in .
( p. 333 ) For “ taboo words , ” the effect can be even stronger , because the emotional impact they have is especially hard for a hearer to ignore .
“ Thanks to the automatic nature of speech perception , ” then , “ a taboo word kidnaps our attention and forces us to consider its unpleasant connotations .
That makes all of us vulnerable to a mental assault whenever we are in earshot of other speakers , as if we are strapped to a chair and could be given a punch or shock at any time . ” ( p. 339 )
Now this description of swearing ’s effect on our mental processes might seem – at first glance – like it ’s tailor - made for a policy aimed at cleansing this sort of language from the airwaves .
After all , the TV shows we watch are supposed to inform and entertain us , not to stretch out electronic tentacles and “ kidnap ” us or “ strap ” us to a metaphorical “ chair ” to inflict very real emotional pain .
( TV shows are supposed do such terrible things only in horror and sci- fi stories , like the movie , The Ring , or The X - Files episode , Wetwired ) .
So it ’s not surprising that the FCC believed Pinker ’s analysis to be useful in defending their ban on fleeting expletives and cited it in the brief it filed in the Supreme Court .
The problem is that the First Amendment and policy implications are not so simple .
First , while some people may wish for a world where they are free from having negative thoughts or emotions inflicted on them by others ’ use of language , that ’s not the word we live in , especially not in a society that values free expression .
And although the home is a sanctuary of sorts where we can find refuge from the offensive speech of peers and strangers , that does n’t necessarily mean we can use this as an excuse for cleansing all things unpalatable to us from the public airwaves that we share with other TV viewers and radio listeners .
Moreover , as Pinker points out , swearing – and the emotional power it provides – has a positive side .
Writers as he notes , “ must sometimes let their characters swear in order to render human passion compellingly . ” ( p. 370 ) .
And he offers numerous examples from novels , poetry , and political speech .
Thus , it ’s difficult to see why the Supreme Court minimized the value of this component of our expressive power in the 1978 case of FCC v. Pacifica Foundation , when it allowed FCC to penalize a radio station for airing comedian George Carlin ’s famous “ Seven Words You Can Never Say on Television ” routine .
Swear words , it declared in that case , “ surely lie at the periphery of First Amendment concern . ” ( 438 U.S. 726 , 743 ) .
As Pinker makes clear , this characterization of swearing is mistaken : Swearing is anything but peripheral to the value of communication and other expression .
Moreover , the Supreme Court itself made a similar point in the 1971 case of Cohen v. California .
“ The State , ” it said , “ has no right to cleanse public debate to the point where it is grammatically palatable to the most squeamish among us ” and it emphasized ( as Justice Ginsberg noted in her dissent in the fleeting expletives case a couple days ago ) that “ words are often chosen as much for their emotive as their cognitive force . ” ( 403 U.S. 15 , 25 - 26 ) .
Second , use of expletives – fleeting or sustained – is hardly the only means we are given by our language and other expressive powers to trigger negative emotions in an audience .
So , while the law may sometimes be justified in protecting us from the psychological impact of certain words ( for example , those in a credible threat of violence ) , the negative emotions associated with hearing swear words hardly seem to be all that is needed to provide such a warrant for speech restriction .
Still less do they justify giving swear words a different status under the First Amendment than the multitude of other verbal expressions , images , and other stimuli that might also “ light up ” our amygdalas or otherwise ignite our “ emotional brains ” against our will .
In fact , swear words are sometimes among the least painful parts of a movie or TV show .
There are many other forms of television and movie content that will trigger not merely negative emotion but fear or trauma .
Consider the case of the film , Saving Private Ryan , which – despite the constant use of profanity by the WWII soldiers portrayed – was exempted from by the FCC from its indecent language ban on the grounds that the expletives were not gratuitous but rather “ integral to the film ’s objective of conveying the horrors of war through the eyes of these soldiers . ”
Just as Pinker observes swearing is sometimes needed in art to “ render human passion compellingly , ” so the FCC observed that “ [ d] eleting all of such language [ from Saving Private Ryan ] or inserting milder language or bleeping sounds . . . would have altered the nature of the artistic work and diminished the power , realism , and immediacy of the film experience for viewers . ”
I ’m a huge fan of the movie , and very much hope my kids do get to watch it some day when they ’re older , but I would never let them watch it at their current preschool ages .
The frequent swear words play some role in this decision , but they ’re by no means the thing that most concerns me as a parent .
Much more worrisome is the extraordinary carnage and devastation in the film ’s war scenes .
That violence is , of course , even more essential to a vividly realistic war film than is the soldiers ’ coarse language .
But it also seems much more likely to give children terrifying nightmares and unshakeable anxieties .
It ’s a little odd , then , for the FCC to fret more about children hearing a fleeting expletive than seeing traumatic images of violence , and a little odd for it allow such expletives to air during prime time ( in large part ) to give such war - time suffering a greater and more immediate emotional impact .
The FCC noted that the horrifying nature of Saving Private Ryan ’s battle scenes should hardly surprise anyone who had heard about the film – and that ABC also went to lengths to warn parents before it started that this was not a movie for children .
This reasoning is a little strange , however , because such a notice argument did n’t save George Carlin ’s monologue in 1978 , where the title of his routine “ Filthy Words ” should have likewise put parents on notice , as did the station ’s announcement , just before the broadcast of the monologue , that it included " sensitive language which might be regarded as offensive to some . "
The primary reason that notice failed to save the George Carlin routine – namely , that a child might hear the swear word before a parent had a chance to change the station – applies just as forcefully to an early evening broadcast of Saving Private Ryan , where a child may turn on the television or change the channel and suddenly see severed body parts before a parent can recognize what ’s happening and switch off the TV .
Perhaps even more forcefully : as Pinker notes , the automatic understanding of swear words ’ meaning occurs reliably in “ literate adults ” who have learned that meaning .
For many young children , by contrast , I would think that a swear word they ’ve never heard before will be as mysterious , and as devoid of particular emotional significance , as other undefined words they hear .
They may , perhaps , repeat these words inappropriately , disturbing others who do know the meaning .
But it ’s hard to see why this should be of more concern than a channel - surfing child coming across an image that is likely to have a more immediate emotional impact , like the violence depicted in a war movie , or a James Bond film , a John Wayne or Clint Eastwood Western , or a production of Sweeney Todd or West Side Story .
In exempting Saving Private Ryan from its indecency proscriptions , FCC Chairman Michael Powell also took note of the fact that film is a “ critically acclaimed artwork ” and noted that the swearing was not gratuitous , but rather an integral part of the film .
But again , it ’s hard to see why Carlin ’s comedy routine should n’t be saved by the same considerations .
His “ Filthy Words ” routine was not intended merely to shock ; it was intended as social commentary and observation , an illustration of how irrational he thought society was in its horrified reaction to swearing .
And , of course , the swearing was absolutely integral to the routine .
In fact , Carlin ’s social commentary anticipated by many years an observation in Justice Steven ’s dissent a couple days ago .
In footnote 4 of his dissent , Justice Stevens noted the irony of the FCC barring fleeting expletives – with only a “ tenuous relation to sex or excrement ” – in the middle of daytime shows that often cut to commercials asking viewers “ if they too are battling erectile dysfunction or are having trouble going to the bathroom . ”
Years before this , Carlin noted ( in a sequel to his “ Filthy Words ” routine ) the strangeness of a television regime where you ca n’t say the F - word on the air , but where so many shows in the line - up of daytime soap operas and evening sitcoms have plots that center around sexual relationships and their consequences ( To be sure , some of that strangeness might be explained by Pinker ’s intriguing account of why sexual innuendo is often OK in social interactions where a direct reference to sex is not ( in Ch. 8 ) .
Or of why we often find it acceptable to use euphemisms for sexual or scatological concepts , but not swear words .
( pp. 350-51 ) .
But those possible explanations do n’t drain Carlin ’s comedy and social commentary of its ingenuity or artistic merit ) .
All of this leads me to suspect that swear words are singled out for harsh treatment by the FCC and Congress not because there ’s anything uniquely worrisome about their psychological effects , but rather because they ’re an easy target .
It ’s far easier for an agency to determine when a TV show or movie has used profanity than it is to decide whether a particular set of car crashes , war battles , or crime scenes are too much for a child to take .
I suspect that , although V - chips and other technologies are far from perfect ( and the American Academy of Pediatrics and other groups emphasized that in a recent brief for the Court ’s fleeting expletives case ) , it is ultimately technologies like this – and not across - the - board proscriptions on particular words or phrases – that will lay the framework for the most sensible child protection regime .
A lot of the most important judgments that parents make in monitoring their children ’s TV consumption will be based not on words that are easily classifiable or definable ahead of time , but on more subtle judgments about which channels and particular shows have imagery that is suitable for children – and , more specifically , for their children .
After all , what is traumatic or otherwise emotionally painful may at least in some respects be different for different children , depending on their individual characters and life experiences .
I ’m not suggesting that any of these law and policy views ( or doubts about the law and policies proposed by others ) follow automatically from a particular understanding of how swearing works and how it affects our brains .
It ’s clear there can be disagreement here , and Pinker seems to disagree with the FCC about the proper response to fleeting expletives ( as he made clear in a piece in The Atlantic , responding to the FCC ’s citation of his book ) .
But I do think that when the government does something as extreme as barring us from hearing certain very common forms of everyday speech in a medium as pervasive as television and radio , it owes us a better explanation than it has given so far of why it is singling out for banishment certain words that seem no more likely to cause deep trauma or emotional pain than much of the imagery and story lines it feels compelled ( and probably should feel compelled ) to leave free from government restriction .
It ’s getting exciting in the world of cross - network authentication .
Let ’s review .
I can now :
sign into Digg using Facebook
sign into DISQUS using Facebook or Twitter
sign into Facebook automatically using OpenID ( with two - factor authentication ) or Google
sign into FriendFeed using Google , Twitter , or Facebook
We ’re quickly approaching the point where we ’re going to be able to log into one major service ( Google , Facebook , OpenID , etc , ) and from there access all of our other services without authenticating .
As it stands now , I can already log into my OpenID provider , visit the Facebook homepage , and be transparently logged in .
Today this works on Facebook .
Soon something like it will work for your bank as well .
This is a good thing , but there ’s a catch .
Security
While this is completely phenomenal from a functionality standpoint , we need to consider the fact that single - sign - on ( SSO ) raises a serious security concern : it significantly increases the impact of an account compromise .
If my OpenID account gets me into Facebook , and my Facebook gets me into Digg and DISQUS and FriendFeed ( where I can post to Twitter , of course ) … then a compromise of my OpenID account means a compromise of all those other accounts as well .
Basically , once someone gets into your main service , your entire online identity can be hijacked .
Authentication Strength : More Important Than Ever
As single - sign - on solutions get more popular ( i.e. now ) we are going to have to give significantly more attention to our authentication standards and processes .
Traditionally this has meant having a strong password , and while that is an essential piece of it , it ’s arguably no longer enough .
What we really need to do is move to a strong / multi - factor authentication system .
This means combining at least two of :
something you know ( passwords , pins )
( passwords , pins ) something you have ( tokens , smartcards )
( tokens , smartcards ) something you are ( biometrics )
So if someone guesses your password to my OpenID account , for example , they still ca n’t get into my account .
They know my password , but they do n’t have my mobile phone with my soft token on it .
That ’s multi- factor authentication , and it improves your security greatly when done right .
My current recommended way of doing this is by adding two - factor authentication to OpenID , which can be done via Verisign PIP for free .
VIP can be used to add two - factor auth to major sites like eBay and PayPal as well , and soft tokens are available for popular mobile phone platforms if you do n’t want to carry an actual token .
Strong Authentication Alternatives
In addition to tokens a number of other innovative options are available for multifactor authentication .
Vidoop is an interesting system that combines OpenID functionality with a unique picture - based authentication system .
It ’s not technically multi- factor since it relies on something you know twice ( password , then the images ) , but it ’s still considered strong authentication .
Plus there are number of systems that use other things we commonly have with us to provide an additional factor of authentication , like sending a one - time password to your mobile phone via text message .
Conclusion
Social web service integration is upon us .
Very soon , signing into websites using local credentials is going to be an indication of one of two things : 1 ) your single - sign - on system is broken , or 2 ) you ’re using a website so ancient that you might want to consider an alternative .
This is progress , and it ’s progress we should embrace , but we need to keep the risks in mind and take steps to mitigate them .
So yes , enjoy the new powers given to you by single - sign - on , but do your best to protect yourself by looking for strong / two - factor authentication options within your favorite online services . ::
Links
[ Strong Authentication | wikipedia.org ]
[ Two - factor Authentication | wikipedia.org ]
[ Single Sign On | wikipedia.org ]
[ OATH | openauthenticaton.org ]
[ Facebook Connect | facebook.com ]
The Smoking Cigarette and a Fire Sprinkler System = Fun
Note : to turn off these warnings you need to set the ' safe mode ' to OFF ( on the top right )
Shawna Forde and members of Minuteman American Defense — an anti-illegal immigration vigilante group charged in the double homicide of an Arizona man and his 9 - year - old daughter and the attempted murder of the man ’s wife — shared a stage , if not their vigilante streak , with former U.S. Rep.
Tom Tancredo .
Authorities in Arizona ’s Pima County allege Forde , 41 , and MAD members Jason Eugene Bush , 34 , and Albert Robert Gaxiola , 42 , intended to rob and murder the Flores family in order to fund the group ’s anti-immigration vigilante activities .
Raul Flores , 29 , had a history of drug dealing and the trio believed that there would be a large amount of cash at the victims ’ trailer home near the border town of Arivaca , according to CBS News .
Sheriff Clarence Dupnik fingered Forde as the ringleader .
Forde ’s zealous involvement in extremist anti-immigration groups belies the fluidity with which the Everett , Wash. , woman traveled within so - called mainstream organizations , which helped further her local and national political aims as well as the goals of those who shared her beliefs .
Her most recent link to Tancredo , the former Republican congressman from Colorado , occurred at a sparsely attended 2007 Everett rally organized by The Reagan Wing and MAD , a splinter group Forde led that was an offshoot of the more widely known Minuteman Civil Defense Corps .
The event featured representatives of Tancredo ’s dark - horse presidential campaign and a letter of support from the candidate himself .
In typically fiery tone , Tancredo extended his regrets for being unable to attend the “ Illegal Immigration Summit ” :
Dear Friends , I regret that I cannot tell you in person how grateful I am , but thank you .
Thank you so much for your phone calls , your emails , your contributions and everything you did to help “ we the people ” kill the Bush - Kennedy - McCain amnesty bill in the Senate last week .
The American people have said “ no ” to amnesty , and now they need a president who stands foursquare with them , not one who will sell out once elected .
I am that candidate !
And our campaign is the vehicle to ensure that amnesty NEVER happens !
You ’re here today because you understand that every day America is under assault :
There are nearly twenty million illegal aliens in the country today and before the next presidential election millions more will cross our borders , threatening our economic security , jeopardizing our national security and undermining our national culture .
For nearly a decade , I have fought relentlessly for real immigration reform — a secure border , enforcement of our laws , prosecution of employers who hire illegals , and NO AMNESTY for illegal aliens .
In my first term , I founded the Congressional Immigration Reform Caucus with one member , myself ; today , it includes 108 members of the House .
No matter how nasty and bitter the opposition I have faced over the years … from the Hispanic lobby , the corporate special interests , the congressional leadership , and the White House , I have never wavered and never compromised .
While many of my Republican opponents have flipped on this issue since they became presidential candidates , their courage comes from their focus groups and pollsters .
But Washington is full of those kinds of guys and thanks to them we have nearly 20 million illegals in this country and more coming every day .
I know you agree that illegal immigration is one of the greatest threats to our nation , and that is why I need your help .
A strong grassroots showing at the Iowa Straw Poll on Saturday , August 11 , will be an enormous boost to my candidacy , and will ensure that Washington understands America wants action NOW .
Not only do we want no more talk of amnesty — we want the border defended , and our laws enforced , and we want the invasion stopped NOW .
So please , call 1- 888 - GOTOM -08 and get involved .
Or just visit my website , www.teamtancredo.org
My friends , with your help we can and will make the crisis on our borders THE ISSUE of the 2008 Presidential campaign and stop amnesty once and for all !
Thank you so very much .
Sincerely , Congressman Tom Tancredo
At the time of the Washington State rally , Tancredo was in Iowa stumping “ in a packed room inside the Des Moines Quality Inn .
Standing room only , ” according to his now - abandoned campaign blog .
Bay Buchanan , campaign chair for Tancredo ’s presidential bid , dismissed the letter as a boilerplate rejection to attend the event — one of dozens routinely sent by the campaign .
“ We were a very lean operation and we did n’t have anyone formally in Washington State , ” Buchanan told The Colorado Independent .
“ To the best of his knowledge Congressman Tancredo has never met Ms. Forde . ”
Yet , a July 1 , 2007 , story published by the Everett Herald further placed official Tancredo campaign staff at the event as well as Minuteman Project founder Jim Gilchrist — whose own group ’s bitter 2005 internal power struggle led to the creation of the defense corps that eventually spawned Forde ’s faction .
Saturday ’s six - hour forum held at the Everett Elks Lodge was organized by Minutemen American Defense and The Reagan Wing , both Washington - based conservative groups .
Forde , the founder of Everett - based Minutemen American Defense , encouraged the audience to shout “ take back America ” together several times during her speech .
Presidential candidate and California Rep. Duncan
Hunter spoke to the audience via cell phone , saying he would build an 850 - mile wall along the southern border stretching from California to Texas .
A representative for presidential candidate Rep. Tom Tancredo , R - Colo. , and Republican congressional hopeful Doug Roulstone also spoke .
People paid $ 30 each to attend .
The newspaper noted that Forde was a 2007 candidate for the Everett City Council on an anti-immigration platform .
She received 5,900 votes , or 35 percent , but lost the general election .
A year prior she unsuccessfully attempted to put a ballot initiative before voters that sought to prevent undocumented immigrants from receiving state aid .
A commenter identified as Kelly Anne Martin at the Reagan Wing blog described the rally scene , which she attended with her then - 7 - year - old son , purchasing a Minuteman “ Welcome to America , Press # 1 for English ” T - shirt for the second grader .
Furthering the newspaper ’s coverage , Martin confirmed Tancredo staff were at the rally with a booth distributing his presidential campaign materials .
The Tancredo - Forde connections continue with their joint association with the Federation for American Immigration Reform .
Forde participated in a televised 2006 town hall meeting in Yakima , Wash . , where she was identified repeatedly as a representative of FAIR .
Tancredo has had long - standing relationships with FAIR and its sister organizations , funded by Michigan eugenics - proponent John Tanton , from his days in Congress as founder and chair of the House Commission on Immigration Reform .
Many of Tanton ’s organizations , including FAIR , have been designated as hate groups by the Southern Poverty Law Center .
Since Forde and her cohorts have been charged with first - degree murder in the killings and assault of the Flores family , FAIR and both Minuteman sects have issued statements distancing themselves from Forde and the splinter group she led .
Brian Levin , director of the Center for the Study of Hate and Extremism at California State University - San Bernardino , said Forde was well known in the anti-illegal immigration community .
“ She ’s someone who even within the anti-immigration movement has been labeled as unstable , ” Levin said .
“ She was basically forced out of another anti-immigrant group , the Minuteman Civil Defense Corps , and then founded her own organization . ”
Blogging the Arizona murder story yesterday , University of California instructor and longtime journalist Marc Cooper wrote that it is “ a direct chilling , bloody manifestation of the sort of extremist violence that was predicted at the beginning of the year by a DHS report — a report withdrawn under protest from conservatives . ”
John Tomasic contributed to this report .
Daniel Barry / Getty Images
A Continental Airlines jetliner carrying 247 passengers landed in Newark shortly before noon on Thursday , after the flight ’s captain died midflight .
Two first officers took control of the plane , a Boeing 777 , after the captain , who was 60 years old , “ died in flight , apparently of natural causes , ” according to Julie King , a spokeswoman for Continental .
The captain had 32 years of service with Continental and was based in Newark , she said , adding that his family had been notified .
The flight , Flight 61 , took off at 9:54 a.m. in Brussels ( 3:54 a.m. Eastern time ) , according to Continental ’s Web site .
It touched down at 11:47 a.m. , earlier than its scheduled noon landing , at Gate C123 at Newark Liberty International Airport .
Marlyse Isacson , who lives in Belgium and was flying to the United States to visit relatives , said that five people — four men and one woman — went up to the front of the plane after a call for a doctor was made over the plane ’s public - address system about halfway through the flight .
Four of them later returned .
The passengers were not told of the emergency .
“ We asked the stewardesses and they said ‘ someone fell ill , ' ” Ms. Isacson recalled .
She said the only thing even the slightest bit unusual was “ some of the staff were very irritated and unpleasant . ”
When the plane landed on the tarmac , for example , the flight attendants sternly warned the passengers to remain seated .
“ Now I understand why , ” Ms. Isacson added .
A Belgian cardiac radiologist , Dr. Julien Struyven , 72 , checked the pilot ’s vital signs and declared him dead .
Dr. Struyven told reporters that he tried to use a defibrillator on the plane , but was not able to revive the pilot .
Dr. Struyven said a heart attack was the likely cause of death .
Passengers had no idea what happened until the plane landed .
“ It ’s scary , but in all honesty , it ’s kind of good that they did n’t tell us , ” said Chris Balchuns , 18 , a passenger on the flight .
“ Everybody kept calm . ”
Martha Love , who was seated in the front row of the plane , said there was no panic .
“ It was very calm , ” she said .
“ Everyone was very relaxed . ”
Another passenger , Kathleen Ledger of Bethlehem , Pa. , who was returning from a visit to her husband in Brussels , said she turned on her cellphone after the plane had landed and spoke to her husband , who relayed the news .
After the pilot ’s death , his body was taken from the cockpit to the crew rest area , according to Les Dorr Jr. , a spokesman for the Federal Aviation Administration .
Mr. Dorr said the plane was on auto - pilot at the time the pilot died .
Ms. King said that two other pilots — a reserve officer and a first officer — assumed the controls .
“ The crew on this flight included an additional relief pilot , who took the place of the deceased pilot , ” she said .
“ The flight continued safely with two pilots at the controls .
The company has been in touch with his family and we extend our deepest sympathies . ”
Federal authorities received notification of the emergency at 10:30 a.m.
As of 11 a.m. , the plane was in the skies over Canada , having followed its route south over Newfoundland .
Information was reported to federal aviation officials from the air - traffic system on the ground , which was communicating directly with the cockpit , said Arlene Salac , an F.A.A. spokeswoman .
Steve Coleman , a spokesman for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , which operates the region ’s airports , said that at the request of the F.A.A. control tower , “ we rolled the emergency equipment as a precaution . ”
Fire trucks and other equipment assembled on the tarmac , but they were not necessary , he said .
In 2007 , Congress voted unanimously to increase the mandatory retirement age for commercial pilots from 60 to 65 , the international standard , changing a Federal Aviation Administration regulation that had been in place since 1960 .
The argument for the age limit is that older pilots more frequently become incapacitated for medical reasons .
Under the new law , known as the Fair Treatment for Experienced Pilots Act , pilots ages 60 and above are required to have a medical certificate renewed every six months .
The legislation also included a stipulation for international flights : a pilot who has turned 60 may be the pilot - in - command only if there is another pilot in the flight crew who is younger than 60 .
Amy Flanagan , a spokeswoman for the Air Line Pilots Association , said that the captain typically does not do all the flying on a transatlantic flight , and that first officers are required to do some takeoffs and landings to fill requisite hours .
In an emergency , if it becomes clear that the captain has become incapacitated , the first officer would be expected to first take control of the aircraft , and then seek help .
There have been previous instances of pilots dying during flights .
In April 2009 , a passenger landed a privately operated twin -engine plane at Southwest Florida International Airport , in Fort Myers , saving four lives , when the pilot died after takeoff .
The passenger , Doug White , who owned the plane and whose family was aboard , had experience flying only single - engine planes , but landed the plane safely with the help of traffic controllers .
In February 2008 , a British Airways flight operated by GB Airways , which had left Manchester , England , heading for Paphos , in Cyprus , was diverted to Istanbul after one of the first officers died .
None of the 156 passengers was hurt .
In January 2007 , a pilot of a Continental 757 bound from Houston to Puerto Vallarta , Mexico , died after takeoff , with 210 passengers were on board .
The flight landed safely after being diverted to McAllen - Miller International Airport in Texas .
Liz Robbins and A. G. Sulzberger contributed reporting from New York , and Nate Schweber and Dominick Tao from Newark .
The cloud with no name : Meteorologists campaign to classify unique ' Asperatus ' clouds seen across the world
Whipped into fantastical shapes , these clouds hang over the darkening landscape like the harbingers of a mighty storm .
But despite their stunning and frequent appearances , the formations have yet to be officially recognised with a name .
They have been seen all over Britain in different forms - from Snowdonia to the Scottish Highlands - and in other parts of the world such as New Zealand , but usually break up without producing a storm .
Stunning but undefined :
The clouds loom over the skies of New Zealand - but unfortunately words can't describe this dramatic vision from the heavens
And some experts believe the stormy weather phenomenon deserves its very own classification .
Experts at the Royal Meteorological Society are now attempting to make it official by naming it ' Asperatus ' after the Latin word for ' rough ' .
If they are successful , it would be the first variety of cloud formation to be given a new label in over half a century
' It is a bit like looking at the surface of a choppy sea from below , ' said Gavin Pretor - Pinney , founder of the Cloud Appreciation Society , who identified the cloud from photographs sent in by members .
Dramatic :
The ribbons across the sky look like a ' choppy sea viewed from below '
Cloudy skies : If ' Asperatus ' sticks , it could be the first such classification in half a century
' We try to identify and classify all of the images of clouds we get in , but there were some that just did n't seem to fit in any of the other categories , so I began to think it might be a unique type of cloud . '
He added : ' The underside of the clouds are quite rough and choppy .
It looks very stormy , but some of the reports we have been getting suggest that they tend to break up without actually turning into a storm . '
The Royal Meteorological Society is now gathering detailed information for the days and locations where the asperatus clouds have been seen in an attempt to understand exactly what is causing them .
Officials will then apply to the UN's World Meteorological Organisation in Geneva to have the new cloud type considered for addition into the International Cloud Atlas , the system used by meteorologists across the globe .
Professor Paul Hardaker , Chief Executive of the RMS , said : ' There would probably need to be quite a lot of heat around to produce the energy needed to generate such dramatic cloud formations .
' They are quite dark structures so there must be a lot of water vapour condensing in the cloud . '
Skies over Scotland :
This scene from Perthshire could help confirm the new ' Asperatus ' classification
A rush to stake claims for renewable energy projects in the California desert has triggered a federal investigation and prompted calls for reforms to prevent public lands from being exposed to private profiteering and environmental degradation .
Officials said last week that the inspector general ’s office of the Department of the Interior was investigating Tempe , Ariz . - based First Solar Inc. 's recent acquisition of Hayward , Calif . - based OptiSolar , and its unfinished renewable energy projects , for $ 400 million .
The deal gave First Solar control of what the company described as OptiSolar ’s “ strategic land rights ” to 136,000 acres of public land in San Bernardino , Riverside and Kern counties .
Bureau of Land Management officials , however , said First Solar acquired OptiSolar ’s applications to develop that land .
“ There is no value associated with a mere application , which could be rejected by us for a variety of reasons , ” said Greg Miller , renewable energy program manager for the BLM office in Moreno Valley .
Advertisement
“ A company can buy another company along with its applications , as long as those applications are not listed as assets .
That would be wrong , ” Miller said .
“ We ’re trying to weed out speculators who are filing applications , then waiting for someone to buy them at the highest price . ”
First Solar spokeswoman Lisa Morse said the transaction was above board .
“ We now have OptiSolar , and the applications were an important part of it for us , ” she said .
“ OptiSolar , which we acquired as a whole , is now a subsidiary of First Solar . ”
David Brown , special agent in charge of investigations for the inspector general ’s Western region , declined to discuss any ongoing investigation .
But he said that any company that might receive federal stimulus money is a concern and that his office is trying to get ahead of any potential problems by reviewing all such projects .
The investigation comes amid debate over how best to control burgeoning renewable energy industries as they overwhelm the chronically understaffed and underfunded BLM with an avalanche of applications .
Environmentalists say the situation is a preeminent conservation issue and a crucial test of the Obama administration ’s commitment to the environment .
Advertisement
Three years ago , the bureau had six applications for solar energy projects on file .
Over the last year , it has received 130 additional applications from 50 companies , covering about 600,000 acres -- much of it in one of the sunniest regions on Earth , the Mojave Desert .
Some applicants are asking for parcels as small as 250 acres .
Then there is Cogentrix Solar Investments , which is seeking more than 300,000 acres .
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger ’s executive order that a third of the state ’s electricity come from renewable resources by 2020 -- coupled with billions of dollars in federal stimulus funds expected to become available next year for wind , solar and biofuel projects -- has the BLM whipsawed by opposing forces .
Companies queuing up to develop solar farms say they want to replace imported oil and facilitate a national clean - energy economy .
The environmental community also wants to ensure that scenic landscapes and ecosystems are not trampled in the process .
Advertisement
“ My concern is that highly speculative and perhaps fraudulent investment games are being played with hundreds of thousands of acres of public land , ” said Bruce Pavlik , a professor of biology at Mills College .
San Francisco attorney Peter Weiner , whose clients include renewable energy companies and trade organizations , would not go that far .
“ The fears of paving over the desert are not well - taken ; there will ultimately be many fewer projects than there are applications , ” he said .
“ But it would be a mistake to think we can free ourselves from foreign oil and fossil fuels without impacting other environmental values . ”
In the meantime , applications for proposed renewable energy projects continue to stack up in BLM desert offices .
Advertisement
Hot spots of contention include 600,000 acres of former railroad lands between Mojave National Preserve and Joshua Tree National Park .
The land was purchased with $ 40 million in private donations collected by the Wildlands Conservancy and $ 18 million in federal funds , then donated to the Department of Interior for conservation .
Earlier this year , however , environmentalists were outraged to learn that the BLM was entertaining 19 applications for renewable energy projects on the donated lands , which Sen. Dianne Feinstein ( D - Calif. ) wants to transform into a national monument .
Feinstein urged Interior Secretary Ken Salazar to suspend the applications .
Advertisement
Salazar , in a seeming compromise , responded by saying that “ both national priorities -- developing renewable energy and preserving our treasured landscapes -- can be accommodated with careful siting and mutual consideration . ”
James Wesley Abbott , acting state director of the BLM , sided with Feinstein on Wednesday and instructed all deputy state directors , district managers and field offices to avoid authorizing more applications , or development , on lands acquired under donor agreements .
A coalition of a dozen environmental groups led by the Wildlands Conservancy has identified 137,000 acres of public and private agricultural and degraded desert lands -- all near existing transmission lines -- that could be used for solar energy farms .
“ On these alternative lands we can unite what otherwise would be conflicting environmental interests , ” said David Myers , executive director of the Wildlands Conservancy .
Advertisement
“ It would be a real shame if the public policy for our new green economy was driven haphazardly by speculators , ” he said .
--
louis.sahagun@latimes.com
It is ironic that homo sapiens , we big - brained and clever species , can trace almost every tragedy and failing to one generic cause : a failure of imagination .
We seem to be an idiot savant species -- stunningly clever at so many things , capable of greatness , creativity and sacrifice for others , melding genius and love when we are at our best , and greed and hate at our worst .
But whether it is the individual who fails to imagine the consequences of punching someone in a bar or a whole society which fails ( like California ) to imagine the consequences of starving itself of the revenue needed to function , observers from another world could easily conclude that we are terminally stupid .
Or , as John Ralston Saul put , unconscious as a civilization .
Those individuals and organizations who have fought off the madness and ruin of neo-liberal policies for over twenty years are now presented with the best possible time to present a vision of what is possible .
Washington Consensus exposed as a pack of lies
Globalization is effectively dead : what characterized the world for the past thirty years , the suicidal policies of what was called the Washington Consensus , will never return , at least not in its old form .
The climate crisis , the damage done to the real economies of the Global North , the arrival of peak oil , the inevitable return of protectionism and state intervention mean that we have left that era behind .
Not only has financial capitalism and its corruption and ersatz wealth been exposed .
The Chicago boys , the intellectual storm troopers in the free market think tanks and editorial writers of Asper media are facing an ideological crisis .
The whole edifice stands exposed as a pack of lies and deceptions created for the sole purpose of enriching the already wealthy .
“ There is no alternative . ” Really ?
There bloody well better be or we are all doomed .
“ Government is the problem , not the solution ? ”
The banks and the CEOs of the transnationals who reveled in this slogan would now disagree .
And what about the cause of the evil deficits -- governments “ spending like drunken sailors ? ”
Now Bay Street believes that government is n’t nearly drunk enough .
And the demand that we “ run government like a business ? ”
Just which bankrupt , crooked , reckless business would that be ?
The magnitude of the moral crisis of the political right is staggering .
The greed , dishonesty , hubris and psychopathic disregard for the public good renders the whole business elite utterly unfit to pronounce on anything -- not even on the economy , but certainly not democracy or how we run our collective affairs .
Denial and complacency in the face of crisis
All of this should add up to the biggest opportunity the left has had in over a generation to take the lead , to frame the issues in terms of Canadians ’ stated values and aspirations , to bury the Washington Consensus ideology in the rubble of its own destructive legacy .
This is our opportunity .
These two crises have arrived just in time to wake us up , just in time for us to choose to save the planet and ourselves from a truly grim future .
Not just rising oceans and the loss of coastal communities -- but a nightmarish dystopia characterized by global social unrest , the rise of fascism , mass starvation and wars over energy and water .
But to date there is silence .
Most middle class people -- and this includes the majority of social and political activists -- are still acting as if this is just another recession .
We ’ll just eat out less and take a two - week vacation instead of four until it blows over .
The concession to the moral crisis of climate change is to buy a Prius and think we have made a difference .
This is denial on a gargantuan scale .
If every gas guzzler were replaced tomorrow by a Prius we would still have ten times too many private cars on the road .
In the U.S. there is a growing movement to cut taxes -- in a country starved for social programs , with an education system barely competing with Botswana ’s and an almost unimaginable debt counted in the tens of trillions of dollars .
The U.S. is headed for the most catastrophic collapse of empire in human history .
Canada is not quite as delusional , but we are still a nation in denial , determined to maintain an insane consumer culture , and damn the consequences for ourselves and future generations .
Leadership lacking
The current situation is not a normal crisis -- it is a world - changing shift that could go in any of several directions .
It cannot remain static and without progressive leadership it is certain to go badly .
But where is that leadership ?
It is not coming from the traditional sources .
Organized labour is , understandably , preoccupied with saving threatened industries .
( No talk there of forcing the Big Three to focus their massive infrastructure and technical know - how on mass transit .
And no government commitment to expand it . )
Social movement organizations are fighting the usual single - issue battles as if the context had not changed at all .
The environmental movement still resists the fact that dealing with climate change without addressing social and economic democracy is impossible .
And the political parties who should be providing a vision for a better future are mired in tactical politics .
Jack Layton dismisses Michael Ignatieff ’s musing about the need for future tax increases as “ old school ” and suggests that the solution is to “ grow the economy . ”
The planet will not survive “ growing the economy . ”
In its current trajectory , our world is terminal with the cancer of rampant consumerism metastasizing to every living system we need to survive .
Sixty per cent of the world ’s ecosystems are currently degraded .
The stupendous “ growth ” of the last twenty years has seen the rich get filthy rich and the poor get poorer , with 20 per cent of the global population subsisting on two per cent of the world ’s resources .
Canadian families have wrung up unprecedented debt trying to maintain a middle class consumer lifestyle that does n’t even make them happy .
Buying a hybrid car is n’t going to cut it .
Indeed nothing short of a cultural revolution in the developed world has any chance of saving the planet and humanity .
How will we know that the revolution is under way ?
When there is a movement not to cut taxes but to ban advertising .
When there is a massive call for taxing wealth so that no individual can take more than , say , $ 100,000 a year out of our collective wealth .
When mandatory Sunday closing returns and families spend time together outside the shopping mall .
When there is no more talk of ending poverty and homelessness , because it will have disappeared .
When we willingly -- no , eagerly -- pay half our income in taxes so that we can have the things we actually say we want as a community .
We need , on the Left , to once again become the source of Big Ideas .
Our defensive politics of the last 25 years has dulled our imaginations to the point of stagnation .
We are leading from behind .
So - called ordinary Canadians are desperate for a vision of the future they can grasp on to and believe is possible .
We have given them more of the same : the politics of despair , telling struggling working people that things are actually worse than they already think they are .
We are obsessed with “ stimulating ” the economy .
Instead we need to have a national conversation about starving the beast .
Capitalism must grow to survive and no matter how we tweak this perverse system , growth will ensure its continued social and environmental destruction .
Growing the economy in the face of this crisis is madness : doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results .
Fortunately there are people thinking about this under the umbrella notion of “ prosperity without growth . ”
Amazingly , the British government has put together a whole website full of ideas and debates about what this might look like .
A project of the Sustainable Development Commission , it suggests that creating conditions for people to flourish , “ Includes tackling systemic inequality and removing incentives for unproductive status competition ; sharing available work and improving work - life balance and reversing the culture of consumerism ; building a sustainable macro-economy which is no longer structurally reliant on increasing consumption . ”
In Canada there is the just - started , three year Climate Justice Project of the B.C. office of the CCPA .
It promises to engage in groundbreaking research on climate change but through the lens of social justice .
There are others , as well .
In Paris last year the Economic De-Growth For Ecological Sustainability And Social Equity Conference came up with a Declaration about the world of the future .
Among its many articles , two stand out as characterizing the kind of thinking that must start spreading .
Degrowth in the global North , says the declaration , “ is characterized by substantially reduced dependence on economic activity , and an increase in free time , unremunerated activity , conviviality , sense of community and individual and collective health ; [ and the ] encouragement of self - reflection , balance , creativity , flexibility , diversity , good citizenship , generosity and non-materialism . ”
Everyone put their Blackberrys down .
Go to these sites .
Send them to friends .
To be fair to ourselves , progressive organizations are exhausted and demoralized .
Fighting trench warfare and rearguard actions against a powerful and ruthless adversary for 25 years will do that to individuals and organizations .
But we will not find new energy and inspiration in the trenches -- and we wo n’t inspire others from there either .
Canadians ’ values are amazingly progressive , but a generation of neo-liberal assaults has lowered their expectations of what is possible .
Nevertheless , they are out there waiting for someone , anyone , to present them with reasons to be hopeful .
What they want and what we need is what America ’s radical rabbi , Michael Lerner , calls the politics of meaning .
More on that next time .
Murray Dobbin is a guest senior contributing editor for rabble.ca .
Murray has been a journalist , broadcaster , author and social activist for 40 years .
His column , State of the Nation , appears in rabble .ca and the Tyee twice monthly .
Dear Wall Street , Choke to Death on Your Mom's Bloody Cunt Rag , You Miserable Shits !
The following is a fucking letter sent right fucking now to the New York Goddamn Times , another dying newspaper that is spending its final years ignominiously lurching between the rotten crotch of Wall Street and the ghastly juice pit of its political patrons .
The Fourth Fucking Estate lives on the Internet now , you simpering whores and charlatans !
This is a response to an actual publicity stunt of a letter puked out by the biggest dickbag in recent history , Jake DeSantis , and then published by America 's paper of dumb fucking record .
This ass polyp DeSantis worked for the patient zero of the ebola currently running rampant through the rupturing vessels and blown veins of our country 's financial circulatory system .
This is a dude who helped us move a couple clicks closer to some Road Warrior 12 Monkeys shit and now he 's crying because he did n't get his prostate massaged thoroughly enough by the taxpayers .
When I address this shit to Wall Street , I mean specifically Jake DeSantis , formerly of A.I.G. , but also all of the rest of these dumbfucks who just do n't fucking get it .
DEAR Wall Street ,
What a bunch of whiny fucking babies .
John
Galt would be puking blood for 200 - pages over this load of shit , you bunch of sobbing welfare queens .
You fucked up .
You ruined everything .
You broke it , and we fucking bought it , because big baby was too big baby to fail .
We get it all ways from you motherfuckers .
You 're robbing us of our present and future now , but first you stepped on our throats on your way to the top .
You raked in the money with a bunch of made up fantasyland bullshit that would n't fool a counting horse on America 's Funniest Home Videos , but somehow suckered in every major bank in the world .
Credit default swaps .
Those things are so fucking dumb that when you explain them to somebody and they laugh about how dumb they are you 've got to act like ooooh they 're so magical and complicated .
Far too complex for the plebes to get .
No !
Wrong !
Go into OTB and put fifty dollars on Rambo's Beautiful Blood .
You just bought a credit default swap .
Whoaaa you 're blowing my simple pea brain with your fancy Wall Street talkin ' .
You sadsack fuckers .
So everybody bought into your big scheme , even when they did n't know they were playing , and now the whole thing has come crashing down because too many people won the fucking unbelievably obvious bet that a million illegal immigrants were going to default on million dollar home loans .
Suddenly all your stupid fake money is gone , but if it 's gone the whole system of bullshit lies collapses and you look like dickheads .
So whoopty - doo , now we gotta make the fake money turn real or else the house of shitty cunt cards comes crashing down , only there is n't enough real money to cover all the fake money , so we 're making more real money .
Then there 's A.I.G. , the bad seed , the carbuncle on our anus , the weeping wound in our tit , the sorry source of all our misery and woe .
This is the monster garage full of miscreants that dreamed up the fire - breathing nitro - gulping predicament we 're in right fucking now .
Their financial products division created the derivatives market from lies and their executives raked in billions in bonuses and easy money .
While they were peddling bad bets , median wages in the US stagnated and poor working schmucks leaned increasingly on credit to get by .
Prices on everything were going up , but credit was easy to come by what with all that bullshit money to throw around .
In the past few days , there seems to be a shift in some of the reporting on this topic .
We are seeing more effort to dig into what healthcare cooperatives would mean , and that is a very good thing .
For starters , The Washington Post did a joint blog forum with the CEO of Group Health , casting a bit of light on how that system works .
It is important to note that Group Health is not just an insurer , but rather a self - contained provider with its own clinics and medical staff .
But what really has me impressed is that the Heritage Foundation ( a conservative think tank ) ran an extremely informative pieceon insurance co-ops and mutuals and other legal definitions .
Once again , it is the conservatives who seem to be taking a critical look at this idea , which is making progressives seem like naysayers for a change .
Do n't get me wrong :
There is still a lot of misinformation .
For example , The Wall Street Journal reported that the proposed insurance cooperatives would " see direct oversight from the Health and Human Services secretary , who would ( have ) authority to make ' final decisions about approvals of business plans and distribution of funds . ' "
My understanding of the item quoted ( in its proper context ) is not that there would be direct and ongoing oversight beyond the usual legal standards of the industry .
Rather , this wording apparently describes criteria by which the secretary makes the decision to disburse the funds during the start - up process .
Ultimately , that is not much different than any lender or grantor wanting to make sure that their money will be well spent , and I can't imagine that anyone would want the government to disburse money without an appropriate business plan .
That is , unless they were a crook looking for easy money .
The finished proposal may include ongoing oversight , but the draft proposal does not have any evidence of this and seems to address only the start - up financing .
Information is admittedly scarce , but unless the Journal knows something that it is n't reporting , it seems that it has jumped to a conclusion here .
By doing so , the Journal is needlessly fueling resistance to this proposal .
In fact , cooperatives are generally democratically controlled by their members , which is the reason they are being discussed as an alternative to a public plan .
While imperfect , a cooperative approach to health care reform deserves a fair chance .
Cooperatives are an unfamiliar concept to most people ( and various public figures are making erroneous statements ) , so it is especially important that the media avoid mischaracterization of cooperatives .
Co-ops are seen as weaker than the public option ( or , less gently " a cop - out " or " the stupidest idea ever " )
However , we should not assume that a public plan will mean that the system is somehow magically and permanently transformed .
Whatever happens , the government will still be on the brink of insolvency .
Worse , the same interest groups that made the health care mess will still be there , trying to make another mess .
Consider what has happened with financial regulation , which has effectively been captured by the industry it is supposed to regulate .
What is to stop the medical interests ( 1/6 of the economy , remember ) from continuing to interfere with elements of a public plan that do n't fit their interests ?
What is to stop them from trying to get the plan repealed or neutralized ?
Nothing , really .
On the other hand , what would stop them from interfering in co-ops ?
If co-ops are democratic , could n't an interest group donate to board candidates with pro-business philosophies , and thereby have its way ?
History is littered with demutualizations , in which co-op or mutual members are convinced to sell out when offered enough short term cash .
And consumer co-ops are notorious ( in the co-op world ) for very low election turnout .
So their elections might sell for cheap .
We 'll need to be vigilant here .
In any case , we now have a grand total of one slide worth of information about the co-op proposal ( which will probably have to compete with other proposals from other Senate committees , as well as from the House ) , so it is a bit too early to really tell how this is all going to work .
I do n't see any especially red flags , but still have some serious qualms about this coming from the government .
I also worry that the problem might be too big for this solution , and co-ops could get blamed for failing to fix the unfixable .
Nevertheless , it looks like the co-op plan is going to be with us for a while .
This proposal still has to go through the meat grinder , so there 's no telling what will come out on the other side .
But it seems entirely possible that co-ops will be prominently featured in the growing debate .
Whatever happens , I hope that this episode serves as an opportunity for us to encourage co-op development , which will be a good thing regardless of what government does .
What ?
Only seven years for the flint - eyed bitch ?
She 'll be out in half the time , none the wiser I imagine .
I do n't know Naseebah Bibi , 63 , from Blackburn , Lancashire , but the sight of her on the pages of the newspapers on Saturday turned me into a snarling fiend .
I wanted her to feel extreme pain and terror and never be redeemed .
Ugly , I know , such dark wrath directed at a stranger .
Somewhere inside there is a mobber in all of us .
Bibi enslaved three young women sent over from Pakistan to marry her sons who were cousins and so family .
Two of the men had white partners with whom they had children .
The brides were treated , said the judge , " like dogs " .
They were expected to breed , were physically abused every day , forced to work all hours , kept indoors mainly by the vicious progenitrix who was given a minimum sentence because the judge was concerned about her health and mental condition .
What a show mammy must have put on .
My excessive reaction may be connected to a sense of defeat , of failure even .
I was writing on such cases 30 years ago .
Things would get better , it all takes time , I was told then by Hindu and Sikh priests and Muslim mullahs who knew that every single day , in British homes , young Asian wives ( many newly married with henna flowers still fresh on their hands and feet ) were picked up by ambulances if they were lucky .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The women were scalded and blistered , or dosed - up on painkillers , or thrashed to breaking point .
Hospital wards were full of these fragile victims of domestic sadism .
Some could not speak of what had been done to them ; others said they had fallen down the stairs or had had a cooking " accident " .
Attempted and successful suicide rates for this section of the population were double that of the general citizenry .
I remember visiting a hospital burns unit where most patients were young Asian females whose faces were grotesque masks of red and yellow , eyes and noses in various states of waxy meltdown .
Investigating officers confirmed that the worst attackers were female members of the husband 's families , mostly mothers - in - law .
Hell hath no fury to match the cruelties these matriarchs could devise .
Traditions and distorted religious beliefs give licence to vile and violent mothers - in - law in India , Pakistan and Bangladesh and throughout their diasporas .
Bollywood films have always had storylines about these hideous moms who spoil their boys and hate their wives .
One actress Lalita Pawar , whose face was mean and menacing , made her whole career playing the villainous role .
When I was a child in Kampala , Uganda , our next door neighbour , a Sunni Muslim divorcee destroyed the women brought over from India to marry her sons .
She stamped on them as they cowered and locked them in rat infested rooms .
Another awful dowager hit her daughter - in - law , Khusa , with wet , leather sandals ( apparently this ups the pain ) .
When she gave birth to twin boys , her husband softened towards her and so his evil mother – or so the gossip went – killed them by placing honey and mercury on their small eager tongues .
When these tales of woe were published in my recent memoir , I had a letter from Khusa 's relative who said Khusa had lost her sanity before she was 50 and died soon afterwards .
That was then you might say , but it never ends .
Today in this modern nation which has enshrined human rights in law , there are households where wives are still ill - treated and violated by other women .
It is an open secret .
Occasionally we get tragic autobiographies written by tormented Asian wives who finally escaped and found their voices .
They are reviled because they break the rules of cultural protectionism .
Bibi's behaviour only came to light after her three - year - old grandson told staff at a nursery school that the bruising they had noticed on his mum was caused by his gran .
One crime has receded in the last decade .
We are seeing less " dowry violence " , the victimisation of brides deemed by their mothers - in - law to have brought insufficient cash and goods , rife in India , now rare in Britain .
But other kinds of habitual oppression and abuse of wives carries on and may even be getting worse .
One reason may be that as immigration laws tighten , many more families in the Asian community use bride and bridegroom importation from the subcontinent to get relatives over .
In Indian , Pakistani and Bangladeshi villages , families will do anything to get one of these arrangements .
Some are desperate for life chances , others simply manipulative .
Girls become the currency of these deals .
They arrive already of inferior status and most never see the lives they imagined .
The mothers - in - law went through the same and only want to perpetuate the cycle of suffering .
Of course there are mothers - in - law who are kind and loving .
The mother of my ex-husband was a treasure and I love her deeply to this day .
Friends of mine who have found affectionate second mothers say they feel themselves to be blessed because even now , the bad mother - in - law too often rules the roost .
Our government and those of the three subcontinental nations have started to take forced marriages seriously .
However , no policies or measures seem to be in place to help wives who are imprisoned and exploited in homes .
No leaflets at GPs ' surgeries or hospitals and schools tell them of their rights .
Politicians from their old homelands do not protect them and nor do they educate their people about the dangers of sending girls off to the west to families they foolishly trust .
Social worker Pramila ( not her real name ) recently described a Hindu woman whose hands were pushed down on the plate of a hot electric cooker by her mother - in - law because one chappati failed to rise : " What can she do ?
She knows no one in this country and so she is back with them .
It is so wrong . "
Damn right it is .
This abomination surely calls for a new abolitionist movement , maybe led by powerful British Asian women .
By the time Bibi is out , we should do all we can to ensure it is over for the witchy slave traders like her .
If she comes out only to resume business as usual , we will have failed again – and that is a possibility too appalling to contemplate .
y.alibhai-brown@independent.co.uk
A study of nasty and nice lab rats has scientists on the verge of knowing the genes that separate wild animals like lions and wolves from their tame cousins , cats and dogs .
Unlike their wild ancestors , house pets and other domesticated animals share the trait of tameness , meaning they tolerate or even seek out human presence .
New research , which is published in the June issue of the journal Genetics and involved the interbreeding of friendly and aggressive rats , reveals gene regions that influence the opposing behaviors .
" I hope our study will ultimately lead to a detailed understanding of the genetics and biology of tameness , " said researcher Frank Albert of the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Germany .
" Maybe we 'll then be able to domesticate a few of those species where humans have historically not been successful like the wild African Buffalo . "
And we can possibly understand more about the furry creatures in our homes .
" If you think about dogs , they are such amazing animals .
When you compare a dog with a wild wolf , a wolf has no interest in communicating [ with ] or tolerating humans , " Albert told LiveScience .
" If you 're lucky a wolf in the wild would n't care about you .
But a dog does care and they even seek human presence . "
He added , " Dogs were all wolves at some point .
How did they become these animals that need humans to exist ? "
Breeding rats
The roots of this study date back to 1972 when researchers in Novosibirsk , in what is now Russia , caught a large group of wild rats around the city .
Back at the lab , the researchers arbitrarily separated the rats into two groups .
In one group , called the tame rats , the scientists then mated the friendliest rats , those that tolerated humans , with one another , and in the other group they mated the most aggressive rats with each other .
Demeanor in rats is tested with the glove test , in which a human hand protected by a metal glove approaches a caged rat .
The tame rats tolerate the hand and even sometimes toddle across it .
Aggressive rats try to escape , scream , attack and bite the person 's hand .
The rats even perform boxing moves , standing on their hind legs while sort of punching the human hand away .
The experiment is going on to this day , with two generations bred each year , resulting in a team of extremely tame rats and a team of very aggressive ones .
Nice genes
To figure out the genes behind the rat behaviors , Albert and his colleagues interbred a few of the tamest rats with a few of the aggressive rats and then interbred the resulting pups .
That way , the rats would have a mix of genes from both types of parents .
So if two rats had matching genes in one region of their genomes but differing tameness behaviors , the researchers could rule out this genetic region as responsible for the behaviors .
The inverse is also true .
First , behavior tests teased out which rats were naughty and which were nice .
Then , the researchers ran genetic tests .
While the results do n't reveal specific tameness genes , the researchers have pinpointed sets of genes responsible for tameness .
Further breeding and testing will hopefully uncover the exact genes linked with certain rat behaviors .
By Detector | 04 June 2009
After five months of hard work , Amarok team released a big upgrade – Amarok version 2.1 codenamed “ Let There Be Light ” .
Older Amarok 2.0 bring many new features and ideas , but it lacked many options from the previous version that users were used to .
New , 2.1 version , according to the official website , not only corrects these deficiencies , but also introduces entirely new possibilities and options and all that for excellent user music experience .
The official announcement and download link are here .
Tags | Announcements , Linux , Music , Ubuntu
Celia Pearce is a game designer , artist , teacher and writer .
She is the designer of the award - winning virtual reality attraction Virtual Adventures : The Loch Ness Expedition , and the author of The Interactive Book : A Guide to the Interactive Revolution ( Macmillan , 1997 ) as well as numerous essays on game design and interactivity .
Past conversations :
Will Wright - Sims , BattleBots , Cellular Automata God and Go
Louis Castle - The Player with Many Faces
Author homepage :
www.cpandfriends.com
Game Noir - A Conversation with Tim Schafer by Celia Pearce ( Interviewed at Game Developers Conference , March 7 , 2003 ) Celia Pearce :
How do you see the relationship and the role of story in games ?
Tim Schafer : Games have always stressed story a lot .
Besides being the part that interests me most creatively , stories also really motivational for the player , to pull you through the experience .
Puzzles can be challenging , but I know I go through games a lot of times because I want to see the characters through , to solve their problems , find that character who was kidnapped and see them through to the end .
So , it 's about motivation .
CP : In many of your games , there is some sort of dilemma that the main character is presented with at the onset of the game that propels the story forward .
Often , the dilemma is very " gamey " if you will .
How do you establish a dilemma that will motivate the characters through the game ?
TS : I think you have to do two things at once .
You have to provide the character with motivation and you have to provide the player with motivation .
Because the character will care about things that the player will not necessarily care about .
CP : Like what ?
Can you give some examples ?
TS : Well , you end up doing these little bribes with the player .
Like in Psychonauts , the new game , you 're a kid at the Psychic Summer Camp .
There 's a girl , Lilly , at the Psychic Summer Camp with you , and she gets kidnapped .
And Raz , the player character , really likes Lilly , and he wants to go off and save her .
But you do n't know if the player really cares because he could just run and jump around and explore the camp and never go off and find her .
And so you want to make sure that Lilly actually gives you some cool power or some cool tool in the beginning of the game , as a way to bribe the player to strengthen their empathy .
You can't just rely on the story empathy , you have to put in little gameplay bribes , to make them like that character and want to pursue her .
CP : It sounds like you think about the player as a character too , in a way .
TS : I 'm always trying to think of a way to describe the model for what we do .
People compare it to film or Dungeons and Dragons , or something like that .
There are these plays in L.A. where the play is set in this house , and you go from room to room following the actors around .
You can hear a scene or not hear a scene .
You can go to it multiple times and it 's always different .
Because if you were n't upstairs at that moment in the story you do n't know who killed so - and - so .
CP : You mean Tamara ?
TS : Yes .
That 's a little closer in some way than a movie .
You 're interacting with it .
It 's more like The Last Express , which is very similar .
Because you can do it again and again , and every time , you miss something .
Some games are more like the Haunted House ride at Disneyland , where you 're moving through on a track , looking around .
That 's more like a rail shooter .
I think of the games that I work on as being more like a hunted house — the kind you go to for Halloween — something that 's been arranged for your entertainment , but more sophisticated , with a plot .
You go in and a mummy jumps out of the closet and grabs you , but it 's strung together with a plot involving the mummy .
But even that 's not exactly what 's going on , because when you go to that house , you 're just you , not a character .
So it 's kind of like you 're showing up that play , Tamara , and you have a part in it , and you know some of your lines , and you 're trying to wing it with the rest of the actors .
And they 're trained in improv , so they react to you in a way that hopefully holds the fantasy together .
CP : The characters in your games have a quality of being comically heroic , like Guybush Threepwood in Monkey Island , who is a Danny Kaye type of character .
You know , sort well - intended , clumsy but endearing the same time .
TS : Actually , we went through a big change over that .
The first two games I worked on , Monkey Island and Day of the Tentacle , had these characters - ( Bernard Bernouli ) and Guybush Threepwood who were these kind of " loveable losers " who kept messing up .
That 's a plot device that 's used over and over again in movies - you solve a problem , but then that actually causes this huge catastrophe , and than you fix that problem , and you get kind of a snowball effect .
CP : And a lot of times the solving of the problem is itself a sort of slapstick endeavor , like the whole business in Grim Fandango where you have to put the birdseeds , and the balloons , and then get the birds to pop the balloons .
Half the time it 's also kind of comical in its own way .
TS : ( Laughs )
Maybe that 's more of a personal style .
( Laughs )
Maybe these are all based on yourself in some way .
CP : Usually , I can only play most games for like a half an hour , and then I get bored .
But these are games I really played a lot , particularly Grim Fandango and Monkey Island .
What I like about them is that the story is not gratuitous to the game play , or vice versa .
Everything that happens tells you about the character .
It 's all integrated , it 's not like a story slapped on top of a shooter game , you know what I mean ?
TS : Right .
And that 's what we strive for , because the story is separate from the plot .
It 's not like a boring cut - scene intro to a level , a long cinematic that you watch before the actual game .
I know it 's always tempting for me as a writer to put those scenes in and make them long and beautiful , like movies .
But that 's the biggest challenge — my goal creatively would be someday to make a game with all the story elements that did n't have any cut - scenes in it at all , which is really , really hard .
CP : I give that as a parameter to my students in their game design assignments .
TS : No cut -scenes ?
CP : No cut -scenes .
TS : ( Laughs )
You 're kidding .
CP : And they whine and carry on .
But they make better games .
TS : I 'd like to do that someday .
But right now that there are still things I want to put in there .
We try to make them shorter .
I was inspired by some of the storytelling in Half - Life , where they tell little micro-stories , where you 're walking down the hallway and you hear this screaming and some shots .
And you go " What 's going on ? " and you run around the corner , and you see a dead alien , and there 's a security guard crawling toward the first aid kit .
And it 's obvious when you look at it : " Oh , he got attacked , and he shot the alien , " and he 's trying to get the first aid kit , but then he dies .
It 's a little tiny story that you pick up .
But they did n't put in any recorded dialog , they did n't do a cut - scene .
They just used their existing art assets , and they arranged them in an interesting way .
So the level design can actually tell the story as opposed to the media .
CP : It 's a narrative visual detail .
Talk a little bit about dialog .
I notice in your games that how things are worded is integral .
There 's a puzzle to solve , and you 're getting a clue , and interpreting one word in a different way can really make a difference .
TS : You want to give a hint but you do n't want to ruin the puzzle , and so you have to write them just enough .
CP : Obviously you come to this with a strong focus on writing .
I 'm curious how you arrived at a career in game design .
TS : I got my first job at LucasArts right out of college , and I was starting to abandon computer science .
I was a computer science major , but it was getting a little boring , and I was starting to get into creative writing .
And that was the job listing — half creative writing and half programming .
We had to write interactive dialog .
So you 're not just writing a sequential list of dialog lines , you 're thinking , this line of dialog could happen before or after a hundred other lines .
So it has to make sense that the player has done this , or the player has not done this .
Or else you have to determine whether the player has done that action or not and then have two separate lines .
And you do n't want to do that , because you want to make nice tight dialog — plus it 's better for financial reasons to have fewer dialog lines .
( Laughs )
So you just learn this style of writing dialog that works for multiple situations — either you write a different line for the second time you approach the character , or write a line that works multiple times .
CP : It 's interesting that you came from a cross - disciplinary background , so you already had a procedural way of thinking built into the writing process .
TS : Definitely .
I mean it would be really hard to do if one person was doing the writing and one person was doing the programming .
Because I 've never written my dialog in a script program .
I 've always written it in Scumm , or whatever language — into the code itself .
CP : Did you write Scumm ?
TS : Ron Gilbert made the language Scumm , and that 's what we used for Monkey Island 1 & 2 , and so I would write the dialog directly into Scumm .
CP : The first game job I had was writing , too , and I used to write all my game stuff in Lotus .
TS : Ugh .
CP : I developed these really complicated spreadsheets , mainly it was because everything was on laser disc .
So it was kind of a database that would call up frame numbers on the disc .
TS : Is that something that was released commercially ?
CP : No these were like location - based entertainment and prototypes .
We would write the script in Lotus , and then when we got the disc back , we would add a column with disc addresses , so that would become the master database for the program to go and find the proper clips .
It 's kind of old fashioned .
TS : ( Laughs )
But that 's the fun part to me .
In Psychonauts , we have a character named Boyd who is a conspiracy theory nut .
He 's based on an actual interesting character we have in the alley near where we work , who is always stopping and telling us about the radio transmissions beaming into his head , and how the government is looking at him through the broken glass on the street .
So we have a character in the game that 's always wandering around ranting about these conspiracy theories .
I wanted to have him create this conspiracy theory on the fly , and constantly change it , and stop and start over again , and get confused .
So we have this kind of randomly generated conspiracy that he 's always trying to like figure out , so he's got this list of conspirators , like the government , and the illuminati and the Girl Scouts or whatever .
And then there 's a bunch of stuff they could be doing , like they could be secretly controlling ... , or they 're blocking the production of ... , or they 're doing something bad to ... some group of victims .
CP : It 's almost like a Mad Lib in a way .
TS : Yeah , and that 's the one time I really had to make a flow chart for how this could all go , and randomize .
And then every once in a while , he 'll stick in something , he 'll cough or something and that 's a little loop , or maybe he 'll just say a non sequitur and then loop back .
So there 's a whole logic to these things .
And hopefully it wo n't seem really artificial .
CP : So this is a variation of what I mentioned earlier — the idea of coming up with a character premise to then facilitate a game - like behavior .
So you 're saying " okay , " he 's kind of a crazy guy , and then all of a sudden , there 's a great little conceit around which to build a character that 's part of the game story .
So the characters , by their nature , fit into the game world .
In the conversation I had with Louis Castle , we talked about how in the Blade Runner game the character starts out not knowing if he 's a replicant or a human , and that just sets off the whole story .
Just that one character trait propels the story forward .
So this segues well to my next question :
How do you invent characters ?
What inspires you ?
A lot of your games have a certain amount of satire of certain film genres , like Grim Fandango is kind of a film noir .
TS : It 's a loving homage , not a satire .
( Laughs )
A lot of it depends on what you 're inspired by at the moment , and what you 're tying to do .
It ties into what you were saying about the nebish characters .
That was kind of perceived as a problem at the time , because actually Monkey Island and those games did n't sell as well as they wanted them to .
And management was kind of like , " you know your heroes are not very heroic . "
But I think we enjoyed those characters because we liked poking fun at ourselves , because the characters are making fun of themselves a lot .
And maybe not everyone likes to do that .
I guess you have to be pretty secure to want to do that .
So then I started thinking that maybe people would want to be something they were n't in their regular life , like a fantasy , someone who 's tougher and cooler than them .
And that 's where Full Throttle came from - " I want to be a biker , I want to lead a biker gang , I want to kick down doors . "
I really think that all games are wish fulfillments of some kind , so why would you want to play a character that was not as cool as you ?
In Monkey Island , we thought it was because they got to say " the good come back . "
They got to be kind of a wise - ass and say the funny line that Guybrush thought of but they would n't .
But I still think it 's useful with any character you make up to think " How is this a wish fulfillment ?
Why would anybody want to be this character ? "
Like the say in screenwriting class , are you writing a character that an actor would fight to play ?
That 's actually a really a good rule too for characters in games .
Would any player want to play this character ?
It 's a very similar kind of question .
With Grim , I wanted to do film noir , but film noir had been kind of done in games , like Killing Moon , and others .
But people has only explored this one side , which I thought of as a very superficial take on noir — Sam Spade , sitting on the desk , the bottle of whiskey , the gorgeous dame walking in the office .
And there are so many more examples of film noire .
The one I really like is Double Indemnity , which was about an insurance salesman , you know what I mean ?
CP : ( Laughs ) TS : And , I mean , there 's nothing exciting about that , and yet it 's one of the greatest movies of all time .
That 's what inspired me to make the main character in Grim Fandango a travel agent .
This is another angle on noire — the story where a regular Joe makes one mistake , or some small error in judgement , or tries to take the short way out , and gets involved in a spiraling world of crime and corruption that they have to claw their way back out of .
That 's kind of what Grim is about — where he 's going to get a jump on Domino to get this one lead , and he ends up trapped in the conspiracy .
CP : Grim operates on so many levels .
It has the whole idea of the " Day of the Dead " world .
It harkens back to something like Cocteau 's Black Orpheus , which is the Greek myth of Orpheus going into hell to rescue his lover , reset during carnival in Brazil .
The theme itself has this sort of noire element built into it — Day of the Dead — and then there 's the whole art deco aesthetic mixed in with the Aztec motifs .
I show it to my students all the time because I think it 's a great example of a narrative world with many layers built into it .
TS : A lot it we picked just because that 's what we liked .
If you 're going to spend three years on a game , you have to build a little , as they say , sandbox .
You have to build something that 's going to be fun to play with for a couple of years .
The artists on the team brought a lot of the deco and art nouveau style to it .
CP : So the world itself is also a character in a way .
I 'm curious when you 're starting a new game and inventing a new world , what 's your process ?
How do you go about creating a world ?
For example , in the theme park industry , there is a process for creating fictional worlds that 's fairly consistent , that everybody learns .
I was curious if there was something like that in the way that you design .
TS : Hmmm ... I 'm just trying to think if there 's a consistent thread .
Well , often , the world is the initial inspiration for the game .
One day I was listening to someone tell me their stories of spending the summer in Alaska .
They had hung around this one biker bar , with these people with names like Smilin ' Rick and Big Phil .
And I thought , " Wow , what a crazy world that is . "
It 's so apart from everybody 's life , and yet it 's right there , it 's so mundane in a way .
And that 's where Full Throttle came from .
The world was the starting point .
And Grim Fandango , also , seeing the Day of the Dead art , that was the starting point too .
So it was n't so a game idea , and then " let 's make a world to fit it . "
You sort of stumble upon some world , and thing - that 's something that 's never been brought to life before .
Let 's bring it to life .
Would n't it be fun to run around in that world ?
CP : I was reading about the new game , Psychonauts , and I was really intrigued by the fact that you used this psychic vehicle as a way to do a game .
Where did you get that idea ?
TS : One of the great things about games is that they kind of accidentally explore surrealism , because they 're so abstract .
Myomoto games are very crazy and surreal , and people just accept it .
I always wanted to do a game that really went crazy with that .
I remember we had this sequence in Full Throttle where Ben was going to take peyote , and we had this interactive peyote trip .
But it got cut because we did n't think that would really fly at LucasArts.
CP : ( Laughs ) TS : But I 've always wanted to have interactive dream sequences .
I thought that would be interesting because all the layers of meaning .
There was this psychology of dreams class I took when I was at Santa Cruz ...
CP : Is that where you went to school ?
TS : For two years , and then I went to UC Berkeley .
CP : That explains a lot .
TS : ( Laughs )
There were two pivotal classes that have influenced my game work .
There was the psychology of dreams class that I use a lot , and there was Alan Dundee 's folklore class at Berkeley , which really inspired Grim Fandango .
Folklore is such a great place to mine for ideas and stories .
There 's such a rich body of work that people have , for no commercial reason , dragged from generation to generation , so it obviously resonates with people .
And in the dreams class , there were so many examples of people having problems in their lives , and expressing them in their dreams in a disguised way .
It 's like they want to think about it , but they can't .
And you can use so much of that ... going into a dream , you can have these crazy monsters and stuff , but knowing that they represent the fears of these characters , because you 're inside their head .
I thought that had so much possibility .
Taking this example of Psychonauts , where you 're a young psychic kid , and you 're going into people 's heads , it 's that whole idea of making a fun sandbox to work in .
Be cause you can go into anyone 's head , so each level of the game can be as different as the characters in the world .
We have a character who 's obsessed with black velvet art , and you go into his world , and his entire world is made of black velvet .
It 's a radically different style than the conspiracy theory nut , whose whole mind is literally a web of streets , spreading out from his house in the center , like concentric circles of conspiracy all around him .
His mental state is represented by the level design , so that the actual world that he's in expresses his personality .
CP : It sounds Jim Ludtke 's second game that he did with the Residents , Bad Day on the Midway , done in the mid-nineties .
It was theme park , a sort of nightmare carnival where every character 's brain was a ride .
When you met them , if you wanted , you could go inside them , and the first thing that would happen is that you'd be in the ride inside their head , and then you'd be in their persona interacting with the other characters .
TS : You know I have n't played that .
It sounds like I really should .
( Laughs . )
CP : I think you would like it .
You were talking about the fact that you studied creative writing and computer science .
Did you have it in your mind that you could do games with this , or was that just something that you came to when you got the job at LucasArts .
TS : No , I did games as a hobby , and I thought I would eventually be a writer , and write short stories .
For some reason , it never occurred to me that you could actually make money making games .
I just figured a very elite group of people did that .
Instead , I had this idea that I would get a database programming job , inspired by a young Kurt Vonnegut , who worked at PG&E or somewhere as he was writing his first stories .
I thought - " That 's what I 'm going to do .
I 'm going to get the most mundane job possible . "
Maybe if I 'd gotten that mundane job I would have had so much more motivation to get something published as a writer .
But because my job was very satisfying from a writing point of view , it never happened .
CP : So you played a lot of games .
Did you program games as well ?
TS : Yes .
Not extremely well .
I always loved adventure games .
I used to play the old Scott Adams adventures on my Atari ... Savage Island , Voodoo Castle .
It 's like Zork but you only could type in two - word sentences , like " get rock , " " use gun . "
I was really into games like that , and Zork of course .
CP : What about movies ?
TS : Right when we were starting Grim there was a huge film noir festival in town .
It was a strange coincidence , and I saw every single film showing there .
I think I used something from every single movie .
Like in Gilda , there 's this character who always bets on the number two and wins , and that 's how he gets his payoff in the Casino , and that 's in the game .
I just looted those games .
Casablanca was the biggest influence on Grim , and The Big Sleep , and Double Indemnity .
For Throttle , it was more Kurosawa films .
Yojimbo was a big inspiration for me - this really stoic main character , did n't speak unless he had to , seemed really gruff and like trouble , but he was really the morally pure character .
Which is also kind of a noir thing , too .
CP : Writers usually talk about getting inside the character 's head .
Do you do that with game characters ?
TS : I think you kind of have to think from their perspective , otherwise they become the victims of the plot .
Say you need a character to be in a certain place at a certain time , so they just go there .
But they do n't know why they 're there , so you kind of have to think about what they 're up to .
Getting inside the head of the non-main characters is also super important .
Like for Throttle , the female lead , Maureen , is out on the road and she thinks you killed her dad .
So there 's this plot where you 're trying to catch her .
But instead of her just showing up in town , I made this chart of different states of the game , and what she 's thinking at every state — kind of what she 's up to .
Every time you saw her , she was trying to go somewhere herself , rather than just showing up to give you the plot device you needed .
CP : One of the big debates that traditional writers have about interactive narrative is based on the premise that the decisions a character makes are what makes the character .
So they 're uncomfortable with letting a player make character decisions because that changes the character .
So if you have multiple player choices , how do you think about making them consistent with the character ?
TS : The old LucasArts school of thought was that we never used the word " you " in design documents .
We never said " you open the door , " we always said " Manny opens the door . "
You were not the main character , and that was a big design philosophy we all shared .
I still believe in that .
I mean there are games like Quake where you really are the main character .
And I think that 's totally valid , but that 's a whole different kind of game .
I like to do the game where you create a character that is a wish fulfillment , is a fantasy , is interesting enough that people want to jump inside their head and run around in it .
Because that 's an interesting thing to provide .
It 's like a different vehicle , like a car with different arms and legs and you make it so compelling that people want to try it out .
They start to ego - invest , they share the motivations of the character .
In any good book or movie , or anything , hopefully the audience shares that motivation , so that you want what the main character wants .
If it 's written well , you want them to succeed .
It 's the same with games .
So you line up player motivation and the character motivation , then you 'll find them doing the same thing .
And when they diverge , it 's kind of interesting to the player .
CP : So you try to map both the player and the main character , and think about both of them and where they overlap in their motivations .
TS : Yes , because otherwise the player will be like " Manny wo n't do this thing .
I want him to do it really bad . "
Or , " Manny is talking about wanting to get to that door , but I do n't care about that door , I want to go down here , because it 's more fun . "
CP : I want to go back again to our discussion about the worlds , because it seems like a lot of what you 're talking about has to do with exploring the world .
In terms of environments , are there any theme parks , or specific places that you are inspired by that have influenced the worlds that you 've created ?
What are your favorite places to explore ?
Like if you were a game character , where you would want to explore ?
You mentioned haunted houses .
Are there any others ?
TS : A lot of the games come from the idea of a theme parks after hours — you 're loose in this fantasy world , but done much better .
I think Monkey Island , Ron will always tell you , came from the Disneyland ride Pirates of the Caribbean .
He wanted to jump off the boat and run around Pirates of the Caribbean .
That 's very close to a theme park fantasy world , especially Disneyland - more narrative - based rides , not just thrill rides , the more atmospheric , " transport - you - to=another - world " rides .
I think those types of rides are very closely tied to games .
CP : In Monkey Island you can also see the Disney influence even in the animation .
Scott McCloud , who wrote , Understanding Comics , talks about is the relationship between the aesthetics of how an environment is made and how a character is made is very similar in comics , animated films , and games .
The environments are usually drawn in a much more realistic way than the characters .
His rationale is that you want the character to have a little space for the player 's or the reader 's imagination .
You see that in cartoons too .
You want the character to be a little more abstracted .
TS : I think that may be why it works , but it 's definitely not why it happens .
In games , it 's just a production issue .
CP : ( Laughs ) TS : Because you have to draw the main character over and over and over again , so you try to make him with as few lines as possible , and the backgrounds only need to get drawn once , so you get it super detailed ...
CP : That was one of the things that I thought was brilliant in Grim Fandango .
That came out at a point when doing 3D animation on a PC was not easy to do .
And you guys came up with this skeleton head with this really simple automatic mouth movement , so you did n't have to have lips or anything ... TS : ... or lip - synching .... ( Laughs ) CP : ... but it did n't take anything away from the aesthetics .
It was a great creative premise for solving a technical problem .
TS : I mean that 's actually the genesis of Grim Fandango .
3D art had just started , but a lot of us did n't want to use it because we thought 2D art was so much better - looking at the time .
I thought 3D characters in real time looked like a nylon stocking stretched over a bunch of cardboard boxes duck - taped together .
But when I was looking at the Dios de Los Muertos , I noticed they built the skeletons as these solid tube - shaped bodies with the ribcage painted on .
And I thought , what does that remind me of ?
It was like cheap texture mapping .
It 's made to be mass - produced and built really quickly and so it 's perfect for rudimentary 3D engines and stuff .
CP : That was when people were just starting to do this hybrid 3D background with sprite animation on top of it , so you felt like you were in a 3D space , even though it was really just layers of animation over a virtual set .
TS : There was a game called BioForge , this really interesting game by Ken Demarest that came out a couple of years earlier .
That was one of those interesting games , where your space ship crashes , there are fifteen people , everybody 's dead but you .
You hit your head , you do n't remember who you are , and your body has been mutated by some scientist , so you look in the mirror and you 're this hideous thing .
And you find out at the end of the game , who you were on the ship , but it 's different every time you play based on how you acted .
So if you got through the puzzles by killing , you would turn out to be the more military guy on the space ship .
And if you solve the puzzles in a different way you 're a different character .
CP : That 's kind of the Blade Runner model too .
Depending on what you do , you 're character becomes that thing .
Do you do that in your games , do you think about that ?
TS : They 're not as flexible as that .
There definitely is a stronger character set up , but I like to think of it more like the player is the intuition of the character .
The character is a fully - formed person , but they 're hearing this voice in their head that 's saying " walk to the right . "
And they 're like , " okay , I think I want to walk to the right . "
And the character always exhibits this cognitive dissonance .
They act like they wanted to .
" Yeah , I think I want to go over here .
I think I want to open this door . "
But it 's really you , you 're kind of like this voice in their head , this Tourette 's - syndrome compulsion - " Open the door .
Open it ! "
And they 're like , yeah , uh , I want to open the door .
CP : That 's kind of a nice way to think about it — that you 're the intuition of the character .
TS : Because you 're not the actual thought of the character , you 're sort of the hunch : " Go there .
Something good will happen . "
It 's like in real life , we 're getting these weird impulses that we do n't really understand sometimes , like " I think I should go to this party , I do n't know why . "
CP : I 'm curious if there is a cumulative effect like Guybush Threepfoot [ sic ] ... TS : Guybush Threepwood .
It 's from a P.G. Wodehouse novel .
One of the main characters in the Jeeves stories is named Threepwood .
CP : Hmmm ... all these literary references .
( Laughs ) I noticed that there 's a range of reactions that he has , sometimes of being kind of smart - alecky , as you mentioned before .
Does that affect later things in the game ?
I know it influences the scene , like how effective he is at getting what he wants .
TS : Once in a while we would do something like that , where you could make friends with a character , and they would come back and help you later .
Real choice in games is tricky .
If you have real branching , it can get exponentially large really fast .
And it gets into these cheesy production issues .
Are you going to record all that dialog ?
It costs $ 45 a line .
Are you going to make all these choices actually possible ?
Especially here at the Game Developer 's conference , there 's a lot of discussion about emergent behavior , especially with the success of GTA3 .
I think it 's valid to start with emergent behavior , and make it more and more aesthetically pleasing and more and more convincing .
But I come from a background where you start with the convincing , artistically satisfying stuff , and try to make it more and more emergent , more and more procedural as you go .
People do n't like that as much because it sounds more like a movie model .
The emergent behavior model is more of a game model .
But I think in some ways we 're working on the same problem from different ends .
The goal is really to create this total immersive fantasy experience , where you 're sucked into a strange world , where you are the character , and you 're having all this fun , and you get to do anything you want .
Hopefully someday we 'll figure out , with real AI and good simulation .
There 's possibilities that will actually happen .
But in the meantime , is someone like me going to be happy with a computer - generated response , which is what you 'd have to have ?
Probably not , so until then , we will have to employ this hybrid approach that integrates scripted elements with interactivity in order to make the experience as fun and seamless as possible .
[ To the top of the page ] © 2001 - 2004 Game Studies
Copyright for articles published in this journal is retained by the journal , except for the right to republish in printed paper publications , which belongs to the authors , but with first publication rights granted to the journal .
By virtue of their appearance in this open access journal , articles are free to use , with proper attribution , in educational and other non-commercial settings .
Seven years after Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh declared his country an ally in the US war on terror , two models of religious dialogue – one grass - roots and the other authorized at the highest echelons of Yemen 's government – are combating the rise of radicalism , though with varying degrees of success .
" We make sure [ convicted terrorists ] know the dangers involved in terrorism , their misunderstanding of Islamic teachings in regards to terrorism and the killing of innocents , " says Minister of Foreign Affairs Abubaker Al - Qirbi in an interview .
Yemen , the poorest country in the Arab world , has a history of being a safe haven for Islamist militants .
Although a top financier for Al Qaeda was reportedly arrested in the country over the weekend , the terror network has increased its visibility in Yemen , carrying out a number of fatal attacks against foreigners and foreign institutions in the past few years , including an attack on the US Embassy in Sanaa in September 2008 .
On Sunday , nine foreigners , including a Briton , a South Korean , and a German , were kidnapped by Shiite rebels in northern Yemen , according to news reports .
As Yemen attempts to handle the crisis of the moment , the country looks to its religious dialogue efforts as a possible counter - balance to the religious extremism that fuels kidnapping and Al Qaeda .
Human rights activists caution that the programs , however , do n't always translate into practical transformation .
Reaching out to religious leaders
But Shawki al - Qadhi believes such a result is possible .
This imam from the mountainous province of Taiz does n't buy the whole " clash of civilizations " idea .
Rather , he believes that rifts between the West and East , between America and the Muslim world , can be mended through dialogue and education .
Thus , seven years ago , Mr. Qadhi founded the Imam Democracy Training Program , an effort to teach ideas like human rights , women 's rights , and political participation to Yemen 's clergymen .
" These public speakers were in the past speaking against democracy and against elections , against political participation , against human rights , without reason , but due to a dangerous way of thinking , " explains al - Qadhi .
" So it was necessary that this understanding would be fixed . "
Rehab for ' Gitmo returnees ?
Yemen 's government also has tried its hand at tackling extremism by means of religious discourse .
Similar in theory to Qadhi 's initiative but entirely different in structure , the initiative aimed to teach a peaceful version of Islam to convicted terrorists within Yemen 's prisons .
Saudi Arabia also runs a similar jihadi reformation program .
Founded in 2004 , it is a more highly funded enterprise .
Yemen 's latest effort is a controversial plan to rehabilitate Yemeni detainees from Guantánamo Bay if and when they are repatriated .
US authorities are nearing a deal that could see many of the more than 100 Yemenis held at Guantánamo transferred to Saudi Arabia , The Wall Street Journal reported Thursday , citing officials in the negotiations .
In early May , Mr. Saleh spoke with President Obama for the first time over the phone about the pressing issue of where to send the Yemenis left in Guantánamo .
The Obama administration is trying to negotiate to send the Yemeni detainees to Saudi Arabia rather than Yemen , due to US concerns about Yemen 's ability to reintegrate them .
Saleh believes that the men should be repatriated , the Associated Press reported .
US not convinced
Plans for the new and improved rehabilitation program for the Guantánamo detainees were announced in mid-2008 by the Yemeni government .
If completed , the center would include a comprehensive program of religious and vocational training , says Mr. Qirbi , the minister of foreign affairs .
He stresses , however , the need for American monetary support in order to complete the center 's construction .
But the American government does not have full confidence in Yemen 's ability to successfully reintegrate the approximately 100 Guantánamo detainees remaining back into Yemeni society if the men are indeed sent home .
" While discussion with respect to the Yemeni detainees continues , the security situation in Yemen is a concern , " says a State Department official , declining to comment further on the issue .
In February 2006 , 23 convicted terrorists broke out of a prison in Sanaa .
In January of this year , two Saudi detainees from Guantánamo who had participated in Saudi Arabia 's rehabilitation program upon their return home , surfaced as operatives with Al Qaeda in Yemen .
In a video , they and two other men announced the creation of Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , an umbrella organization calling for attacks non-Muslims in the region .
Letta Taylor , a New York - based researcher with Human Rights Watch and author of a recent HRW report on obstacles to returning Yemenis from Guantánamo , said in an e-mail that the rehabilitation center would be a " proxy Guantánamo with counseling and job training tacked on as window dressing . "
In addition , says Ms. Taylor , who visited Yemen in December , a key weakness of the program is a lack of resources to build a new facility for the returned detainees and create a vocational program for those who are released , as Saudi Arabia has done .
" While there are many questions surrounding the efficacy of Yemen 's former religious dialogue programs , one clear problem was lack of funding and follow - up care , " says Taylor .
" Unlike oil - rich Saudi Arabia , cash - poor Yemen cannot fund a lavish , comprehensive program on its own . "
Furthermore , though the Yemeni government 's previous attempts at dialogue may look good on paper , human rights groups , including HRW and the Yemeni non-profit group National Organization for Rights and Freedoms ( HOOD ) , have claimed that prisoners are forced to renounce terrorism by means of torture , and that the idea of an actual dialogue is essentially non-existent , but is a ploy the Yemeni government uses to gain good favor with the US .
Khaled Alansi , a prominent Yemeni human rights lawyer and director of HOOD , has represented several Yemenis who have been through what he calls a " joke " of a dialogue program within Yemen 's prisons .
" The government says ' believe this ' to the prisoners .
The prisoners say ' no . '
Then they torture them .
Then they tell us you need to change your belief .
So this is the way the dialogue works , " Mr. Alansi says .
" You can not arrest people and then have dialogue with them .
The prison is not a place for dialogue . "
Changes are taking root
In a traditional country like Yemen , where the Islamic faith is at society 's core , Qahdi and Alansi say that working through religion is the only way to change the popular perceptions and try to prevent violent , fundamentalist ideas from taking root .
He adds that the approximately 500 imams who have participated in his year - long program now integrate what they have learned into their sermons , reaching a broader audience .
" Rules regulating society are shaped to a large extent by opinions and rulings of the imams .
When one imam discusses women 's rights at a Friday sermon , he will impact many people at the mosque , " says Atiaf Alwazir a researcher at the American University in Cairo , who has studied Qadhi 's program .
" The fact that these imams of different backgrounds are all in the same room with female preachers , is in itself an important positive step , " she adds , although she noted that some imams refuse to attend training sessions out of principle .
Jamal Moulaky , an imam from the Yemeni province of Ibb , completed the Imam Democracy Training Program two years ago and now travels around Yemen organizing children 's rights workshops at different mosques throughout the country .
" Before I did n't have a problem with democracy , but I was n't sure how it fit with Islam , " he says .
" But I learned that there are no problems with Islam and democracy working together . "
A network of individuals , independent and alternative media activists and organisations , offering grassroots , non-corporate , non-commercial coverage of important social and political issues .
Rossport fishermen's boat sunk at sea by masked shell security At 2 am on Thursday morning , Pat O'Donnell 's boat the ' Iona Isle ' was boarded by four masked men and sunk out at sea , near where Mr. O'Donnell lays his fishing pots off Erris , North Mayo .
Mr. O'Donnell and crewman Martin McDonnell were attacked and held down by some of the men , while others went below deck , where they proceeded to sink the boat .
Both local men have been taken to Castlebar General Hospital , where they are recovering .
This development follows a sinister pattern of attacks on high profile opponents of the Corrib gas project .
In April , local farmer Willie Corduff was severely beaten while protesting against Shell 's return to Glengad .
On that occasion , Shell 's private security force - Integrated Risk Management Services ( IRMS ) - initially refused to comment on the situation , but later claimed responsibility for a watered - down version of events .
IRMS have been accused of brutality on a number of occasions in relation to their work in Mayo , with ' YouTube ' video exhibiting their behaviour .
Another campaigner suffered ligament damage at the hands of IRMS last week while protesting .
Shell 's work in the Niger Delta has also been in the public mind this week with a huge settlement in favour of the Ogoni 9 at a court in New York .
In a separate incident , six people have been arrested during an attempt to board dredgers working in Broadhaven Bay , while two others will also appear before Westport District Court this morning in relation to arrests at a protest which blocked trucks from entering Shell 's Glengad compound for over an hour .
Shell to Sea spokesperson Maura Harrington said : “ Will Shell stop at nothing to stamp down on the protest here in Mayo ?
This attack on Pat and Martin and their boat is nothing short of disgusting , and could easily have been even more dangerous , as there were problems with their life raft and neither man can swim .
Those opposing the project are now in fear of their lives . ”
This action has been taken due to Mr. O'Donnell 's vocal opposition to Shell 's Corrib Gas project .
He is a local fisherman who whose family has fished Broadhaven Bay for generations .
Mr. O'Donnell is against the destruction of the Bay and his livelihood by Shell , and has been assaulted by Shell security and Gardaí on a number of previous occasions .
This development follows a sinister pattern of attacks on high profile opponents of the Corrib gas project .
In April , local farmer Willie Corduff was severely beaten while protesting against Shell 's return to Glengad .
On that occasion , Shell 's private security force - Integrated Risk Management Services ( IRMS ) - initially refused to comment on the situation , but later claimed responsibility for a watered - down version of events .
IRMS have been accused of brutality on a number of occasions in relation to their work in Mayo , with ' YouTube ' video exhibiting their behaviour .
Another campaigner suffered ligament damage at the hands of IRMS last week while protesting .
Shell 's work in the Niger Delta has also been in the public mind this week with a huge settlement in favour of the Ogoni 9 at a court in New York .
In a separate incident , six people have been arrested during an attempt to board dredgers working in Broadhaven Bay , while two others will also appear before Westport District Court this morning in relation to arrests at a protest which blocked trucks from entering Shell 's Glengad compound for over an hour .
Shell to Sea spokesperson Maura Harrington said : “ Will Shell stop at nothing to stamp down on the protest here in Mayo ?
This attack on Pat and Martin and their boat is nothing short of disgusting , and could easily have been even more dangerous , as there were problems with their life raft and neither man can swim .
Those opposing the project are now in fear of their lives . ” james
Shipping to 185 Countries
Mineralmakeup.ca operates worldwide and you can enjoy free delivery of all orders !
Then simply click the button in the toolbar to grab words from any web page .
Drag the button below to your browser 's toolbar :
Right click the button below and select " Add to Favorites ... "
A dialog box will appear that says that , " You are adding a favorite that may not be safe . "
Click " Yes " to continue .
VocabGrabber
Then simply click the button in your favorites to grab words from any web page .
In his 34 years on the Supreme Court , Justice John Paul Stevens has evolved from idiosyncratic dissenter to influential elder , able to assemble majorities on issues such as war powers and property rights .
Now , the court 's senior justice could be gaining ground on a case that dates back 400 years : the authorship of Shakespeare 's plays .
Justice Stevens , who dropped out of graduate study in English to join the Navy in 1941 , is an Oxfordian -- that is , he believes the works ascribed to William Shakespeare actually were written ...
Meeting of the Minds is now available as a Kindle ebook !
Chapter One : Contact
As if I did n't already have enough problems : I pick up a bizarre hitchhiker -- in my head !
Chapter Two :
The Farthest Reaches Humanity 's far future seems to be lots different from that described in the science fiction books of my youth .
Chapter Three : Baptism by Fire Being a primitive throwback country hick amongst super - smart future folk is n't necessarily all bad .
Chapter Four : Putting a Genie Back in His Bottle Containing a super powered being can be tricky !
Chapter Five : Inner Space Wars Somebody make it stop !
Chapter Six : Sol Mate
One of my fondest dreams comes true -- sort of .
Chapter Seven : Fractures
Loving a real - life goddess can be a soul - searing experience .
Chapter Eight : Not to Be Mark this down as one of the worst moments of my life .
a - j m o o n e y h a m .
c o m - o r i g i n a l The Madness of Dreamers is now available as a Kindle ebook !
Chapter One : A Fantasy of Chaos
The awful personal playground of one rich S.O.B. will go down in history as one of the biggest and most heinous crimes ever committed ...
Chapter Two : Descent into Chaos
Can we successfully fetch what we need from this madman 's fantasy world ?
Chapter Three : Hell and the Human Spirit Although it 's fascinating in its own way , I sure would n't want to live here ...
Chapter Four : The Terror Let me out of this thing !
Chapter Five : The Taking of Amphitritium Seizing control of an underwater city sounds like fun ( until someone gets hurt ) .
Chapter Six : The Siege of the Seventh Palace Some vicarious thrills from the experiences of those truly trapped in this scary virtual reality , courtesy of high tech implants ...
Chapter Seven : The Battle of Belphi station
Things go from bad to worse to -- huh ?
What the hell just happened !?
Rebellion to Oblivion Chapter One : Me , Myself , and a Nano Eye I finally get a chance to seize back control of my own destiny -- or do I ?
The mysterious alien entity now sharing my mind has its own agenda .
Chapter Two : Bad Bad Boy Probably the last thing these future folk expected of me was a real life Dr. Jekyll / Mr. Hyde transformation ...
Chapter Three : Bright Lights , Hard Vacuum
Taking down an artificial intelligence from 2483 AD can be quite a chore !
It 's a good thing I 've got help !
Chapter Four : Return to Origin I 'm blindsided by one last shocker , before being returned home again by my abductors ...
CLICK HERE to browse the research behind the books .
Thantia 's list from chapter eight of Meeting of the Minds
What could have been : Parallel universe tales of the Pagnew and its crew -- and abductees -- as well as other vessels in such straits | Coming Soon ! |
Build a legend Ovizatataron 's list of unsung 21st century heroes from chapter three of Rebellion to Oblivion
The historic heroes -- unrecognized by their own generation -- which the dying Ovizatataron urges Staute to aid as best he can during the 21st century | Coming Soon ! |
Build a legend
Google and 47 other international corporations have been sued in a US District Court for trademark infringement over their use of the word " Android . "
To Google , Android is the name of its open - source , Linux - based operating system for phones and mobile devices that it introduced in November of 2007 .
To Erich Specht , a software developer and internet applications service provider in the Village of Palatine , Illinois , Android is the part of the name of his company , Android Data , for which he was granted a trademark in October of 2002 by the US Patent and Trademark Office ( USPTO ) .
Google applied for a trademark for Android in October of 2007 , but had that application denied in February of 2008 .
The USPTO 's reasoning for the denial was simple : Since both Google and Specht were involved in the development of software and related services , " consumers are likely to conclude that the goods are related and originate from a single source . "
Google countered in August , claiming that the trademark Android Data had n't been used for over three years , that the company has been dissolved for over four years , and that there could n't be any confusion between the two names .
However , the USPTO said its decision was final .
Not to be deterred , Google tried again in November , asking that the trademark be suspended until further clarification of its use could be determined .
The USPTO granted that suspension .
And now Specht , by filing his lawsuit this Tuesday , has removed all doubt that he wants to keep Android his and his alone .
Specht is not being shy .
In addition to Google , the defendants cited in his 71 - page filing include the Open Handset Alliance , China Mobile , Sprint Nextel , T - Mobile , Vodafone , ARM , Broadcom , Intel , Nvidia , Texas Instruments , Motorola , Samsung , Toshiba , and Wind River - among others .
He 's also not shy in his accusations .
The suit contends that " it is clear that Google stole first and asked questions later . "
After going into some detail as to the legitimacy of his use of the Android trademark in what Specht claims is an active business , the suit requests that the defendants be permanently enjoined from using the Android trademark and " deliver up for destruction " any marketing materials with the Android trademark .
And of course , there 's a huge chunk of change involved .
The suit requests $ 2 m in damages for each use of the trademarked term by each defendant .
We smell a settlement .
If Specht can prove - as his suit claims - that he is developing his original Android Data product while preparing to release additional products in the near future under the Android Data product mark , Google and its 47 co-defendants seem to be on shaky ground .
A few million tossed to Specht might buy the trademark free and clear .
So it seems that Android was n't merely the brainchild of The Simpsons 's Comic Book Guy , whose shop , " The Android 's Dungeon , " has been a staple of Springfield commerce since the second season of the longest - running animated TV show in US history .
Instead , Android may be the smartest - or luckiest - idea that Erich Specht ever had . ®
Product activation and validation in Windows 7 is built off the same Software Protection Platform that was introduced with Windows Vista .
Microsoft claims the technology is much better than the one in XP : Vista is harder to pirate .
However , in response to customer feedback , Windows 7 will give users more informative notifications when it comes to activation .
For example , unlike in Vista SP1 , if Windows 7 is not activated during the login process , customers will no longer have to wait 15 seconds to click the " Activate later " button , and instead they will be given more information on activation .
Joe Williams , general manager of Worldwide Genuine Windows at Microsoft , today gave more information on what is coming for activation and validation in Windows 7 .
The most noticeable change is that the technology is being renamed from the rather well - known ( and hated ) Windows Genuine Advantage ( WGA ) to Windows Activation Technologies ( WAT ) .
It 's worth quoting the reasoning behind this change in full :
[ T ]he technology used in Windows Vista and Windows 7 is fundamentally different from that used with Windows XP .
It consists of new code and the latest methods for protecting Windows in ways that can only really be achieved with the components that are built in to both Windows Vista and now Windows 7 .
For that reason the anti-piracy features in Windows 7 — and future versions of updates of the technology for Windows Vista — will be referred to more accurately as Windows Activation Technologies .
We will continue releasing Window Genuine Advantage updates for Windows XP - based systems .
We also spent time thinking about how we could make activation and validation easier for enterprises .
For example , we think IT professionals will appreciate support in Windows 7 for virtualized images and volume activation technologies .
When Windows Vista was being developed , virtualization was primarily a server scenario , but today many companies have it in their production environment on both the server and the client .
We listened and adapted our management tool for organizations by making them more easily available .
I find it very interesting that Microsoft is moving away from " genuine advantage " to " activation technologies . "
In almost every WGA story that I 've written , the same comments keep appearing : users demand that Microsoft explain what the " genuine advantage " is to activation .
It looks like the PR department has started to pay a bit more attention and wants to make the technology 's aim more clear .
I guess the most popular comments will now be " What 's WAT ? "
Morgan Freeman wants to make Black History Month
a thing of the past
Damn it .
Just when we were ready to write off Morgan Freeman as a Hollywood wacko for having an affair with his step granddaughter , we run across this video .
It shows Freeman telling an absolutely incredulous Mike Wallace why he ’s against Black History Month .
Mike Wallace : Black history month you find ridiculous .
Why ?
Morgan Freeman :
You ’re going to relegate my history to a month ?
Mike Wallace : Oh , c’mon .
Morgan Freeman :
What do you do with yours ?
Which month is white history month ?
Well , c’mon , tell me .
Mike Wallace : I ’m Jewish .
Morgan Freeman : OK , which month is Jewish history month ?
Mike Wallace :
There is n’t one .
Morgan Freeman : Oh , oh .
Why not ?
Do you want one ?
Mike Wallace : No .
Morgan Freeman : No , I do n’t either .
I do n’t want a black history month .
Black history is American history .
Mike Wallace :
How we gonna get rid of racism until …
Morgan Freeman : Stop talking about it .
I ’m going to stop calling you a white man .
And I ’m going to ask you to stop calling me a black man .
I know you as Mike Wallace .
You know me as Morgan Freeman .
He made so much sense that 60 Minutes correspondent Mike Wallace is left damn near speechless .
And for that alone , Freeman is working his way back into our good graces .
THE Koran is the word of God , which every Muslim must follow , but its commands can be hard to interpret .
So people should submit to the rule of a properly trained religious scholar .
The idea is a simple one , and the father figure of Iran 's revolution of 1979 , Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini , made it the central principle of his Islamic state .
AP
Room for interpretation
But the notion of velayat-e faqih ( guardianship of the jurist ) has proved to be controversial as a religious doctrine and tricky in practice .
The turbulence now sweeping Iran has many causes , among them a simple urge for freedom .
Yet the tensions , inconsistencies and hypocrisies generated by trying to impose velayat-e faqih lie at the heart of its troubles .
Divisions among top
Shia scholars are nothing new .
In the main seminary towns of Najaf in Iraq and Qom in Iran , followers of competing ayatollahs have frequently clashed , sometimes with fists .
One recurring split has pitted scholars who believe they should stay outside politics against those who believe they must engage in it .
Ayatollah Khomeini pushed this argument to a new level .
His revolutionary constitution created the post of supreme leader , placing an unelected senior scholar in overall command of the country .
Many of his fellow ayatollahs saw this as an “ innovation ” , a bad word in Muslim jurisprudence , signifying an unsubstantiated departure from Islam 's founding texts .
Some feared that immersion in worldly affairs would taint clerics and end by repelling believers from the faith .
Others argued that democracy was a better way to divine God 's will , or that a committee of scholars , rather than a single man , would suit the leadership function better .
Ali al - Sistani , a Najaf - based ayatollah who is probably the most widely revered scholar among the world 's Shias today , has stated that in order to be legitimate such a ruler should win acceptance from a majority of believers .
Ayatollah Khomeini , who died in 1989 , himself once declared the popular vote a measure of legitimacy and allowed for an elected parliament and president , as well as an Assembly of Experts theoretically charged with monitoring the supreme leader .
But his successor , Ali Khamenei , despite lacking both the scholarly credentials and the revolutionary aura of Khomeini , has accumulated ever more power relative to Iran 's elected institutions .
Under his rule , questioning the doctrine of velayat-e faqih has become taboo .
Scholars who query it openly or cast doubt on Mr Khamenei 's fitness for the role have been dispatched to obscurity , exiled or imprisoned .
The Guardian Council , the appointed 12 - man body that vets candidates and elections , summarily disqualifies anyone seen as insufficiently devoted to the doctrine .
Yet opposition is still brewing .
The doubters include not only leading scholars in the seminaries of Qom , but some of Ayatollah Khomeini 's closest associates , including prominent members of his own family .
Today 's crisis , which has seen the supreme leader abandon the pretence of neutrality in favour of the hard - line faction behind Mr Ahmadinejad , has exposed doctrinal divisions as never before .
The cheated presidential candidates have appealed directly to the scholars of Qom without challenging velayat - faqih as a doctrine .
But their direct defiance of Mr Khamenei is an unprecedented show of rebellion against how it is practised .
The response from Qom has been mixed .
One group of mid-ranking clerics has blasted the election as a fraud , and at least four of the 19 grand ayatollahs who bestride Iran 's Shia hierarchy are said to agree .
So far none but Mr Khamenei has openly endorsed the official outcome .
This does not mean the supreme leader is alone .
Many Shia clergymen either depend on his largesse or hold loyalty to the state and its Islamic mission above matters of personal opinion .
Besides , Mr Khamenei 's tenure has seen power steadily drain away from the clergy and towards Iran 's security services , whose commanders he appoints .
But with rumours swirling of a lobbying campaign to rally clerical support for ousting Mr Khamenei , the supreme leader may suddenly find himself facing not only a backlash from the millions of ordinary citizens who now openly denounce him as a dictator , but also from his robed and turbaned comrades .
NEW YORK ( Marketwatch ) --
Treasury prices headed lower Thursday , with 10 - year note yields rising to the highest since November , after the Federal Reserve bought a lower portion of U.S. debt offered to it in its latest buyback .
Treasurys had been higher earlier in the session .
With data and other news mostly done for a holiday - shortened week , traders ' attention turned to preparing for the $ 101 billion in auctions the government has slated for next week .
Ten - year - note yields TMUBMUSD10Y , 0.696 % rose 15 basis points , the most since May 7 , to 3.34 % .
A basis point is 0.01 % .
Yields move inversely to prices .
Two - year - note yields TMUBMUSD02Y , 0.109 % increased 1 basis point to 0.85 % .
The Fed bought $ 7.398 billion in Treasurys on Thursday in its third such operation of the week .
Dealers submitted $ 45.694 billion in debt maturing from 2013 to 2016 to be bought , by far the most ever tendered for operations of any maturity range .
See results on Fed 's website .
The last time the Fed bought from this segment , on April 27 , it purchased $ 7.025 billion , of about $ 23.4 billion offered .
Late Wednesday , the Fed lowered its forecasts for U.S. employment and said the economy will shrink more than previously predicted .
Policy makers also said , in minutes of the April 28 - 29 Open Market Committee meeting , more purchases of long - term debt from the market " might well be warranted at some point to spur a more rapid pace of recovery . "
The central bank has bought more than $ 100 billion in Treasurys so far , well on its way to the $ 300 billion they plan to buy before autumn .
The Fed " may have wanted to push back the dealer community after many concluded yesterday from the FOMC minutes that the Fed might either increase its
Treasury purchases or be more aggressive with its purchases , " said Tony Crescenzi , chief bond market strategist at Miller Tabak & Co .
Also weighing on the market , the Treasury Department will sell $ 40 billion in 2 - year notes on Tuesday , the same amount as last month and matching the amount expected by Wrightson ICAP , a research firm specializing in government debt .
The government will also offer $ 35 billion in 5 - year notes TMUBMUSD05Y , 0.268 % the following day , and $ 26 billion in 7 - year notes on Thursday .
The 5 - and 7 - year note amounts both match what was sold last month , though Wrightson had expected the government to increase sizes .
The 7 - year security was reintroduced in March to help the government spread out its increasing debt issuance needed to fund all of lawmakers ' stimulus plans and the Fed 's programs to stabilize financial markets .
" Given the extent of the supply that Treasury will be issuing , that will probably limit the ability to see a longer - term downturn in yields , " said John Canavan , a fixed - income analyst at Stone & McCarthy Research Associates .
Thursday is the last full trading day before that 2 - year auction , as the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommend bond trading end early on Friday and remain shuttered Monday in observance of Memorial Day .
Mixed data
Bond prices were higher in earlier trading as economic data in the U.S. and equity markets ' reaction to the Federal Reserve 's dour outlook on the economy doused investors ' hopes for a quick recovery from recession .
The Labor Department said initial claims for unemployment benefits fell to a seasonally adjusted 631,000 in the week ending May 16 .
Continuing claims rose to a new record high , indicating continued problems in the employment sector .
See more on jobless claims .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA , +1.66 % was recently down more than 2 % .
" Asset markets have pulled back a bit from recent recovery enthusiasm , " said T.J. Marta , strategist and founder of research firm Marta on the Markets .
The main exception was British gilts , after Standard & Poor 's lowered its outlook on the country 's AAA rating to negative .
See more on U.K. outlook cut .
The yield on 10 - year gilts rose to as high as 3.72 % , the highest in almost three weeks .
Treasurys pared gains after the Philadelphia Fed said manufacturing in that region improved to - 22.6 in May , from - 24.4 last month .
Readings below zero indicate contraction in the industry .
Also , the national index of leading indicators rose to 0.1 % in April , the first increase in seven months , from - 0.3 % in the prior month .
The move to a positive number indicates the recession will be less intense in the near term , according to the Conference Board .
See more on leading indicators .
There was only one word for it : wow .
The 30 ft - high rowan tree , the magic tree of Celtic culture , lay on its side at the edge of the Scottish loch , a fat pile of woodchips clustered around the base of the trunk which had been so efficiently cut away .
Rowan wood is dense , tough wood – it is used for making walking sticks – but it had been sliced through as if it were cheese .
" They did this one at night , " said Jenny Holden , the Scottish Beaver Trial field officer .
" We were sitting in the canoe and could hear the male beaver chewing away at something .
At the end of the night he swam across the loch dragging a 7ft branch with him , and we came down and found what he'd been doing . "
She put her hand on the fallen tree 's lichen - encrusted bark with a clear sense of wonderment still , a couple of days after she 'd found it .
Looking on it freshly , I was astounded .
There could be no clearer evidence that a remarkable animal , one with a very high impact in its surroundings , was back in Britain after an absence of hundreds of years .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Two weeks ago 10 beavers , brought from Norway , were released into the wild in Knapdale Forest , in mid-Argyll .
They represented the triumph of an idea first put forward in 1995 , that a charismatic mammal , long extinct in the British Isles , might be reintroduced to Scotland in the same way that a captivating bird , the sea eagle , had been successfully brought back .
Once widespread in Britain and most European countries , the European beaver , Castor fiber ( a close relation of the North American beaver Castor canadensis ) is the continent 's largest rodent , much bigger than an otter , weighing as much as 65 lb .
It was hunted to extinction over most of its range for its fur , its flesh , and also for its scent gland or castoreum , which was used in perfume - making and in early medicine .
Traditionally it has been thought that British beavers died out in the Middle Ages or shortly afterwards but recent research by the archaeologist Bryony Coles has suggested they may have clung on unobserved for much longer , perhaps even as late as 1800 .
Professor Coles notes a record of a bounty of two pence paid for " a beaver 's head " by the churchwarden at Bolton Percy , a village on the lower River Wharfe in south Yorkshire , at the incredibly late date of 1789 – 600 years after the animal was supposed to have vanished from England .
She does not think it can be a mistaken case of an otter , for the same records show a quite separate otter bounty being paid , of one shilling .
Instead , Professor Coles believes the animals may have survived for centuries unobserved on the Humberhead Levels , the great wetland into which the Wharfe flows at the head of the Humber estuary .
Going by oral traditions , she similarly feels that beavers in Scotland may have survived much later than once thought , perhaps as late as 1700 .
Supporters of the reintroduction feel very much that they are restoring a lost native species , but their enthusiasm has been matched by misgivings in other quarters .
For more than virtually any other animal except man , beavers modify their environment .
With their hatchet - like incisor teeth they cut down trees for food and for building materials , lots of them , trees bigger even than our rowan ; they make wooden lodges to live in , and on rivers less than 30ft wide , they build dams , which create ponds deep enough to dive in to escape predators , and often flood surrounding land .
Opposition to the release has come from farmers , landowners and above all , fishermen , who fear that beaver dams may stop migratory fish such as Atlantic salmon and sea trout returning to their spawning streams .
Whether or not these fears are justified , it was clear , looking on the fallen rowan , that the impact on the landscape is going to be an unmistakable one .
The Independent was given the first sighting outside the trial project team of what the beavers had been up to , and in the brief two weeks since their liberation , the three in this particular loch , Loch Linne , had cut down numerous smaller trees such as birches and willows , effortlessly stripping off the bark and the twigs and smaller branches for food .
They will be in Knapdale for five years , while the trial , jointly run by the Royal Zoological Society of Scotland and the Scottish Wildlife Trust , and hosted by the Forestry Commission , carefully evaluates the impact the beavers make on the woodland , and the water quality , and the general ecology of the area .
Members of the team firmly believe it will be acceptable .
" How much damage do they do ?
It depends whether you see it as damage . "
Jenny Holden says .
" Beavers are habitat engineers .
They manage wild habitats , doing a lot of the jobs we as habitat managers ourselves do , jobs like coppicing , putting in sluice gates , thinning woodland , rewetting meadows by damming .
" The damage they can do pales into insignificance compared to the good they do for the ecosystem , and also the tourist potential for people coming in and watching the wildlife . "
Nevertheless , the team stresses that this is an enclosed trial in an isolated area , from which the animals will be prevented from moving , not least into major river systems – they are all radio - tagged – and there are clear criteria for success or failure .
If the project does not meet the criteria , it will be ended , and the beavers taken out of the wild , or if that cannot be done , they will be sterilised so that they will eventually die out .
If it is regarded as a success , the next stage will probably be a trial release onto a major river .
The Knapdale team insists beavers and salmon have evolved together and co-existed for millions of years and that Norway , for example , hosts both a superb salmon fishery and thriving beaver numbers .
" It 's clear that beavers have very little effect on migratory fish and Atlantic salmon populations , " the trial project manager , Simon Jones said .
" But if you want to get an answer to the question , and if the Scottish people and Government decide we should , there 's only one way to find out , and that 's to try it . "
The beavers are in two other lochs besides Loch Linne , Loch Coille - Bharr and Loch Creag Mhor , and the best chance of seeing them is in the evening from the track running around Loch Coille - Bharr from the beaver trial visitor centre at Barnluasgan on the B8025 , south of Crinan .
[ 2002-03 - 19 ]
Portable hole table
This is an end - or bedside - table which exploits the optical illusion known as a barbershop mirror to create the effect of an endless hole , appearing much deeper than the table itself .
Its construction is illustrated below .
Within the circumference of a section from a 24 " - diameter fiber drum ( A , light brown ) , a one - way circular mirror ( B , light blue ) is positioned parallel and opposite to a regular opaque mirror of the same size and shape ( C , dark blue ) .
The one - way mirror is positioned with its reflective surface oriented downwards , so that its rearward tranparent surface serves as the top of the table .
The regular mirror is positioned opposite , with its reflective surface oriented upward .
Light , emitted by a doubled length of rope light ( D , yellow ) concealed within a length of plastic pool - vacuum hose ( E , orange ) , is trapped within the resultant reflective chamber .
The image of the glowing plastic tube is thus repeatedly reflected back and forth between the upper and lower mirrors .
Because the upper mirror is partially transparent , however , some light is lost during each cycle .
This accounts for the attenuation in brightness with each successive image , and for the fact that the images are visible at all .
The illusion works best when the table is turned on at night , in a darkened room , but is still impressive in the daytime , under full room lighting conditions .
Our prototype has been set up with an appliance timer to automatically turn it on around sundown , and off again after everyone 's gone to bed .
It serves well as an end table and , because it's on casters , as an improptu TV - tray .
And it never fails to attract attention from guests .
last modified 2002-03-19
sean@seanmichaelragan.com
index
The Jonas Brothers arrive at a press conference before performing at Le Zenith in Paris on June 14 , 2009 .
Students assembled at a PS 17 school to watch " Camp Rock , " a Disney Channel movie starring the Jonas Brothers , but were exposed to 45 - seconds of sex acts instead , in an incident late last month .
( UPI Photo / David Silpa ) | License Photo
BROOKLYN , N.Y. , June 14 ( UPI ) --
A hardcore pornographic movie was accidentally screened at PS 17 in Brooklyn , N.Y. , school officials said .
Students from five classes at the school had assembled to watch " Camp Rock , " a Disney Channel movie starring the Jonas Brothers , but after a teacher powered up the DVD player and walked away to get the Disney movie , a skin flick began to play , the New York Post reported Sunday .
Advertisement
The students , some as young as 5 - years - old , were exposed to 45 - seconds of sex acts in the incident late last month , the newspaper said .
" My son told his friend he saw a naked lady at school , " said Rona Easton , whose 6 - year - old son , Cass , viewed the snippet with his kindergarten class .
" I thought he was just being silly .
It 's appalling . "
Principal Robert Marchi sent home a letter to parents the day of the incident .
" A very explicit pornographic video came on the screen , " Marchi wrote .
" This was extremely upsetting to the students and staff members in attendance .
... I am deeply sorry that this episode took place at PS 17 .
I know that we will make every effort to find out who was responsible for this despicable act . "
It 's that time of year once again when the streets are plagued with the cycle lane hogging , unsuitably attired , snail pace wobbling of the fair - weather cyclist .
The bane of summer ... or are we ?
Yes I am here to take your UV - ray - induced hatred as I out myself as a fair - weather friend of this pastime .
I bought a bike one grey October day , but did not actually embark on my cycling career in sincerity until well after the daffodils had come and gone .
I belong to the army of unconfident learner riders , blocking your previously speedy jaunt to the office , as we try to work out where the hell we 're supposed to be going , and stay upright .
While you irksome fellow citizens seem to get off on nothing more than hurtling past with a highly audible huff , nearly knocking a newbie off as you leave a trail of dust .
For today 's G2 Tom Meltzer describes such wrath that a seemingly pleasant summer 's day can instigate :
In all sorts of outdoor activities , from the humble commute to the most serious of sports , the first few days of sun spark an outbreak of fair - weather fury from the dedicated all - year - rounders .
Or , as they prefer to be called , people who know what they 're doing .
Meltzer describes the psychology of hardcore swimmers , joggers and surfers , who like small children refuse to share their adrenaline - fuelled joys with the more summer - orientated among us .
Cyclists though , are identified as the most prolific sufferers of such anger , perhaps because it 's more than a hobby – a way of life surely !
He explains :
Living as they do in constant fear that some idiotic motorist will nudge them into oblivion at every corner they come to , it 's easy to understand why they can be more than a little bit temperamental ...
The cyclist has been simmering with rage for so long that he's had time to sub - categorise the offenders ... they are either ' stupid idiots with unridable trendy bikes , completely self - centred and not looking where they 're going ' , or the ' arrogant Training for the Ironman Race ' kind of people with absolutely zero awareness of anybody else , scattering pedestrians , cyclists and small animals left , right and centre .
As my cycling has improved , I have begun to delicately overtake a fellow cyclist who perhaps does n't have as many gears as I , or is enjoying more of a gentle saunter than a late - for - work sprint , always with the ring of a bell and a smile .
And with every hot day , I have revelled in the city being full of more bikers , to look out for each other when a car fails to give way , shout out when something slips from a pocket , or compare panniers at the traffic lights .
So now 's your chance .
Ragers , what is it that makes you so mad ?
And how can we fight for the right to go for a bike ride in the sunshine , and all get on ?
Previous 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Page 6 Next
Page 6 of 8
Tech cult No. 5 : The Order of the Lisp
Established : 1958
Gathering of the tribes : International Lisp Conference
Major deity : John McCarthy
Minor deities : Paul Graham , Peter Norvig
Holy Scripture : " Paradigms in Artificial Intelligence Programming "
Like warrior monks driven into hiding , the Order of the Lisp was once a powerful force that lived at the heart of next - generation computing .
Closely allied with artificial intelligence and expert systems , the Lisp ( or List Processing ) language fell into disrepute as those concepts became allied with the dark side in the late 1970s .
A backlash against overhyped rule - based expert systems led to the so - called " AI winter , " notes Dan Weinreb , chairman of the International Lisp Conference ( ILC ) .
" The phrase ' artificial intelligence ' became almost a dirty word , and the Lisp language was dragged down with it . "
The language splintered into dozens of dialects as its practitioners dispersed across the Net .
But it remained a potent force in academic circles and on message boards .
Slava Akhmechet , a doctoral student in computer science at Stony Brook University , encountered Lisp on a programming bulletin board at the age of 16 ; he 's been a devoted practitioner ever since .
He describes his conversion from skeptic to Skywalker in his Defmacro blog : " It was a journey on an endless lake of frustration .
I turned my mind inside out , rinsed it , and put it back in place .
I went through seven rings of hell and came back .
And then I got it .
The enlightenment came instantaneously .
One moment I understood nothing , and the next moment everything clicked into place .
...
I 've achieved an almost divine state of mind , an instantaneous enlightenment experience that turned my view of computer science on its head in less than a single second . "
Despite its being more than 50 years old , interest in Lisp is on the rise , says Weinreb .
The International Lisp conference at MIT last March drew more than 200 attendees -- nearly twice as many as ILC 2007 .
The language is still in commercial use , though Weinreb says " there are companies using Lisp now who keep that fact a secret , feeling that they would be discredited to some extent if their use of Lisp were known , which is pretty silly . "
Akhmechet says you can identify true believers by their contrarian nature and their love for things of great beauty , regardless of age .
" Remember the part of ' Star Wars ' where Luke is introduced to the light - saber ? " he says .
" Obi Wan says , ' It 's an elegant weapon , from a more civilized age . '
That 's how we feel about Lisp .
It was designed in the 1960s by people who truly loved their craft and is an improvement not only on its predecessors , but also on most of its successors .
It has certain elegance and beauty to it that mathematicians recognize in some of their formulas , poets in their poems , and physicists in their theories . "
Last month ’s chart highlighted that September has been the worst month for stocks ( see Dow Jones Average Monthly Gain ) .
As it turned out , September 2020 was a difficult month ( Dow down 4.4 % so far ) .
Looking forward , today ’s chart illustrates that the S&P 500 has tended to trade higher in October .
In fact , a turn around in October has tended to be followed by some of the strongest calendar months of the year .
On average .
UPDATE !
Check out our coverage and video of Susan Boyle at the O2 Center in Dublin ...
Click here
Though the offers have flooded in from far and wide since her emergence as a global star after coming second on " Britain ’s Got Talent , " Susan Boyle is said to be very interested in playing herself in a cameo role on the hit ABC TV series “ Ugly Betty . ”
The show stars America Ferrera as an up - and - coming magazine editor in New York , and also stars Vanessa Williams and Irish American Eric Maibus .
" Susan has been bombarded with offers of work in America , but this is something she is really keen on and we hope to make happen , ” said a source close to the singer .
It is believed that TV executives in the U.S. contacted the Scottish singer , whose parents are from Ireland , last month to see if she would be interested in taking part in the show .
Other high profile stars to feature in guest roles on the show in the past include Irish - American actress Lindsay Lohan .
" Susan has many offers on the table .
At the moment she is looking forward to recording her album , " said a spokesperson for the singer .
Meanwhile , the tension is rising in Dublin as it is only a matter of hours before Boyle is set to take the stage at the O2 Arena on the BGT live tour .
Speculation has mounted whether Boyle will be fit enough to take part or not , and thousands of Irish fans are praying that they will get the chance to see their inspiration at the Point Depot venue this evening .
An Australian University is warning its faculty and students about some potential adverse health effects of using Apple 's notebook and other products with high gloss screens , saying prolonged use could lead to injury if precautionary measures are n't adopted .
The advisory , published a few months ago by Brisbane , Australia - based Queensland University of Technology on its Health and Safety website , specifically addresses Mac users with Apple ' glass ' or high gloss monitor screens and urges them to assess the manner in which those products are positioned and used .
" Reflections and glare on high gloss monitor screens and their relation to the angle of the monitor screen , could cause the operator to adopt awkward postures when viewing the monitor screen and using related equipment , " the advisory says .
" These reflections on the screen can be from internal and external sources such as the overhead lighting and / or position of windows . "
Queensland recommends that users of such products conduct an assessment of the area in which those products are to be used to ensure the sources of reflections and glare are eliminated or minimised to reduce the potential for injury .
It advises users to close their blinds or window shades and place the glossy displays at a 90 degree angle to any overhead lighting to minimise glare and reflection .
The university even goes as far as to recommend that students and faculty consider not purchasing products with glossy displays .
Those who must , however , are urged to consult with a " Facilities Management Lighting engineer to determine if overhead lighting can be modified e.g. tube removed and still provide adequate levels of light to enable reading , writing and screen based equipment work tasks to be performed . "
Other recommendations for those who must use glossy displays include adjusting the contrast to a ' low brightness ' setting , which the school says will increases readability for users of high gloss monitor screens with a glass surface .
Apple began offering glossy displays as an option on its high - end MacBook Pros a few years ago before making them standard on its redesigned aluminum iMac line ( review ) in the summer of 2007 .
While introducing its all - new line of unibody MacBooks ( review ) and MacBook Pros ( review ) last fall , the company announced that glossy displays would be the new standard for its notebook lines with no build - to - order option available for downgrading to a matte display .
Template
NodeList
Template
Template
Template
Template
Template
Template
NodeList
Template.render ( )
NodeList.render ( )
NodeList
NodeList
NodeList.render ( )
render ( )
NodeList.render ( )
render ( )
render ( )
Whether dealing with a complex web application or a simple web site with relatively few pages , using templates is generally a good idea .
With complex page structures , this is unavoidable .
The alternative would be to implement the page structure manually .
Even with simplistic web pages , there is often a dynamic element that is undesirable to manually edit .
If the web application is built with a Python web application , developers have several template engines to choose from .
TuboGears , for instance , offers support for several third - party template engines .
Django , on the other hand , offers their own template rendering system .
The Django template engine provides many of the same features as do other Python template engines .
The syntax used in Django templates is simplistic and easy to use .
Inside the template engine are two closely related classes that represent key template concepts and are illustrated below .
These classes areandTheclass represents a template in its ' entirety .
During the construction ofinstances , the template is compiled .
Since this process takes place in theconstructor , the template string is a required constructor parameter .
Since any giveninstance is compiled , it may be rendered at any time .
The template passed to the constructor is only compiled once since the compilation takes place in the constructor .
instances support iteration .
Each iteration through a particularinstance yields a node from theinstance that resulted from compiling the template .
Invokingwill in turn invoke , passing along the specified context .
Therepresents a collection of nodes that result from compiling a template string .
The majority of these nodes are HTML elements , template variables , or some Python language construct such as an if statement .
instances are also instances of the Python list primitive .
This means that each node contained within the list behaves just like a Python list element .
Themethod will cumulatively invokeon each node contained within the list .
The end result is the rendered template .
This rendering behavior provided by themethod can be considered polymorphic .
The method iteratively invokeson anonymous instances .
All it cares about is theinterface .
BODRUM , Turkey ( Reuters ) - The International Monetary Fund is likely to revise its 2010 growth forecast for the world economy up with signs the rate of decline in global output has moderated , a senior IMF official said on Friday .
IMF First Deputy Managing Director John Lipsky speaks to Reuters ' reporters in Washington March 11 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Kevin Lamarque
Addressing a Turkish business conference in this southern Turkish resort , IMF First Deputy Managing Director John Lipsky , however , warned it was far too early to declare victory , with financial conditions far from normal and the world economy still in recession .
“ While the latest data point to a slowing of the global contraction , there is still great uncertainty regarding the timing and pace of economic recovery , ” he said in prepared remarks to the Turkish Industrialists ’ and Businessmen ’s Association .
However , Lipsky said signs are emerging that the rate of output decline has moderated , financial conditions have improved , confidence is recovering gradually and indicators of future production and demand have firmed .
Given this backdrop , “ I expect that in the coming weeks we will revise our growth projections modestly upward , mainly with regard to 2010 , ” he said .
Turning to the economy of his hosts , Lipsky said Turkey may be on the verge of recovery but its rising fiscal deficit could hamper the rebound in growth .
He said consumer confidence in Turkey has rebounded strongly and manufacturing and employment have picked up , but Turkey ’s fiscal gap was a concern .
“ The rising fiscal deficit and weakening loan quality could -- if not addressed forcefully -- cloud the growth outlook , including by curtailing banks ’ ability to extend credit , ” he said .
Lipsky and other IMF officials have met Turkish Treasury officials over the past two days , prompting market gains on hopes the country was close to an IMF loan accord .
But an IMF official told Reuters on Thursday a deal had not been reached , reining in market optimism .
The IMF is scheduled to present updated forecasts for the world economy on July 7 in Washington .
In its previous forecast in April , the Fund projected the world economy would contract 1.3 percent this year in the deepest recession since World War Two and then rebound to grow at 1.9 percent next year .
SLUGGISH RECOVERY
Lipsky said the recovery next year will be sluggish , with activity in the world ’s advanced economies likely to revive only gradually , weighed down by financial deleveraging , restrained credit growth and weak household income growth .
Meanwhile , emerging markets will be unable to return to trend growth while advanced economies are still underperforming .
“ As a result , output gaps and unemployment rates in most economies should continue rising through 2010 , ” Lipsky warned .
He emphasized that policies need to focus on a sustained recovery , starting with reviving the financial sector .
So far , progress overall in nursing banks back to health had been slow and uneven , while little had been done to resolve the problem of toxic assets on banks ’ balance sheets .
“ In order to lay the ground for a revival of bank credit growth , the near - term focus of policies should continue to be on restructuring weakened financial institutions by cleansing banks ’ balance sheets of impaired assets , assessing bank viability , and ensuring bank recapitalization where needed , ” he said .
In addition , fiscal policy in advanced economies and in many emerging market countries should remain expansionary at least through 2010 , and additional stimulus may become necessary , Lipsky said .
Meanwhile , monetary policy should remain supportive until a sustained recovery takes hold , he added .
But Lipsky also said widening fiscal deficits in many industrial countries were a growing concern , especially with government costs expected to rise due to population aging and more people needing healthcare .
Still , even as policies are focused on ending the recession , authorities should start planning exit strategies , especially the extraordinary government intervention in the financial sector , he said .
Central banks will need to devise plans to exit from unconventional measures and forestall concerns that inflation pressures could be allowed to rise , Lipsky added .
Yahya is happy to visit home , but his family cannot adopt the house for him
By Heather Sharp
BBC News , Gaza City
Yahya Abu Saif , 20 , smiles lopsidedly as his brother steers his wheelchair along the narrow , rutted alley to his home .
It is nearly six months since an Israeli missile strike on a mosque left him close to death .
His right leg was amputated and his left side left paralysed by shrapnel that pierced his skull .
When the BBC visited him in February , the trainee teacher struggled to speak even a few despairing words as he gazed ahead into a life of dependence on others .
" I was so sad , " he says .
But now he is regaining some use of his left side and says he is " hopeful " about the future .
Some 5,000 Palestinians were injured in Israel 's 22 - day military offensive in Gaza in December and January .
The health ministry , run by the Hamas administration , says 680 of them will suffer life - long disabilities .
Bathroom problem
But in Gaza , damaged by the fighting and subject to a crippling Israeli blockade , the path to rehabilitation is strewn with obstacles .
Yahya now comes home from hospital at weekends .
" The biggest problem is the bathroom , " says his mother .
Down six steep concrete steps , through a narrow , splintering door and round a corner , the toilet is a hole in the battered floor tiles .
Yahya can barely stand on his remaining leg , and has to be carried to the toilet
The only wage earners in the family are two of Yahya's eight brothers , both Hamas policemen .
Thirteen people live in the five room house .
They say they can afford to eat , but not well .
A local organisation has offered to build a special bathroom for Yahya .
But they say they cannot get the necessary materials .
Building materials are virtually banned from entering Gaza , as Israel says Hamas could use them to build smuggling tunnels and weapons storage facilities .
Al - Wafa hospital , Gaza 's only specialist rehabilitation hospital - which is treating Yahya - is also feeling the strain .
Broken glass and concrete fragments litter the corridors in its state of the art new building , which contains the coastal strip 's only hydrotherapy pool .
It has never been used .
Javascript and Flash plug - in required Either the Flash plugin was not detected on your computer or the JavaScript features of your brower have been disabled .
To enable Javascript on your browser we recommend that you contact your computer support line .
Click here to download the Flash plugin from the Macromedia website Audio slideshow : Dr Khamees al - Essay shows the damage to al - Wafa hospital Staff say the building , due to be opened just days after Israel launched its operation , was hit by Israeli shells late at night on 15 January .
Sunlight gleams through holes in the walls , one room gapes open to the elements through a frame of twisted metal .
Israel says it " in no case intentionally targeted medical facilities " , which it says Hamas used , along with mosques and other civilian buildings , for military purposes .
Hamas denies the claims .
International human rights groups have said it fired rockets from civilian areas in the densely populated territory .
GAZA UNDER BLOCKADE : June 2009 40 % unemployed 750,000 receive Unrwa food aid No petrol or diesel since Nov 2008 ( except UN )
Half required cooking gas allowed Recently blocked items : light bulbs , candles , matches , books , musical instruments , crayons , clothing , shoes , mattresses , sheets , blankets , tea , coffee , chocolate , nuts Virtually no building materials allowed in Source : Unrwa and World Bank
Guide : Gaza under blockade Scant movement on Gaza blockade Gaza hospital bears heavy strain Al - Wafa 's director , Dr Khamees al - Essay , says there were no fighters inside the hospital , although he cannot be certain about the area around it , which is close to the border with Israel .
Hydrotherapy uses special waves and currents to stimulate the muscles of patients with spinal injures and could have helped patients from the conflict such as Yahya , Dr Essay .
He says the damage could be repaired in three to six months , but they too cannot get the building materials .
The hospital also faces shortages of specialist equipment .
It cannot , for example , find a special right - hand controlled wheelchair for Yahya , who cannot move his left arm enough to push a conventional wheelchair .
Ordinary wheelchairs are in reasonable supply , but according to the Israeli organisation Physicians for Human Rights , a consignment of 107 electrical wheelchairs has been waiting for an Israeli green light to enter Gaza since 2 April .
Israeli authorities say nine truckloads of wheelchairs have entered Gaza since the conflict , and the electrical wheelchair shipment has been held up by " lack of information " from those trying to transfer it .
' Extremely difficult '
Leaning hard on his physiotherapist , Yahya wobbles as he balances briefly on his remaining leg .
" I really hope I will get an artificial leg one day and continue my life normally , " he says .
But he has heard it is " extremely difficult " to get a prosthesis in Gaza .
Gaza 's only artificial limb workshop is full of lathes , sanding machines and benches piled with part - made beige legs .
Its manager , Hazim Shawwa , says the number of amputees from the conflict remains unclear .
Mr Shawwa says he has components for limbs for about 20 people , but has 250 in need of treatment
The centre is still assessing nearly 250 new cases that have registered since the war , normally four to five years ' work , he says .
The biggest problem , he says , is bringing in some 1,000 different components , imported from Germany .
" We have enough now for maybe 20 people , but not for 250 , " he says , showing me a storeroom filled with shelves of carefully labelled , plastic - wrapped packages .
Some shelves are completely empty , like the one for R26 , an average - sized foot .
" Even if you 're short of one screw for the foot , you can't continue the prosthesis , " he says .
Some artificial limb components are missing Israel has not turned any materials for prosthetic limbs back , but the International Committee of the Red Cross says the blockade is slowing attempts to import them .
Although medicines are allowed into Gaza , international organisations , including the World Health Organization , complain the approvals process for medical equipment is slow and bureaucratic .
Israeli authorities say the average time for approval of items , after " all the required information is received , " is about 11 days .
Israel says both the blockade and the military operation were aimed at weakening Hamas and ending eight years of Palestinian rocket attacks on Israeli towns .
It says the blockade is currently under review .
Yahya clings to his brother 's neck with his good arm , as his frail body is lifted onto the bed .
His mother bends to give him a gentle kiss .
" I am happy to see him at home , but I will be more happy when I see him here all the time , and he is walking on his own legs , " she says .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
MUSIC NEWS - Local Athens , GA police report that a major fire erupted at the landmark Georgia Theatre in Athens , GA this morning , a concert venue that helped break many now popular bands including REM , Dave Matthews Band , Widespread Panic and the B - 52s .
It 's been reported that the fire began around 7 am Friday , 6/19 /09 .
The converted movie theater was destroyed in the blaze .
Former Athens Mayor Doc Eldridge said he saw a huge plume of black smoke when he arrived at his nearby office in the downtown business district .
Fortunately , no injuries were reported .
In 2008 national touring acts such as the North Mississippi All - Stars , Galactic , Robert Earl Keen , Sister Hazel and Ghostface Killah played at the Georgia Theatre .
Eleven acts were scheduled to appear next weekend as part of the annual AthFest music festival .
Festival organizers are looking for alternative venues and hope to find a place for the bands to play .
The Morton Theater and the Classic Center were among venues under consideration .
From- Atlanta Journal - Constitution .
UPDATE - The Morton Theatre will be used for all AthFest events .
Easyweb is a company dedicated to video projection in buildings and objects , they started in 2005 with projections in historical buildings and the visual effects of their creations are just amazing .
This is definitely something that you should see .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Posted in Uncategorized
Tags : 2009 , easyweb , projection , showreel , video , youtube
President of WebFX .
Bill has over 25 years of experience in the Internet marketing industry specializing in SEO , UX , information architecture , marketing automation and more .
William 's background in scientific computing and education from Shippensburg and MIT provided the foundation for MarketingCloudFX and other key research and development projects at WebFX .
As a designer , doing work for yourself is probably the most difficult thing you can ever do .
In fact , most dread it .
To add to the pressure , creating an online presence is not only vital to get right , it has to be the best .
After all , if you ca n’t prove your skills on your own website then how can you expect someone to hire you ?
In this article we ’ll examine the barriers that hinder designing for yourself and reveal 10 rules to help you create the best design for yourself .
Together we ’ll squash that dark side in all of us .
The struggle within
As depicted in the story of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde the duality of human nature has been a fascinating subject throughout history .
Duality is the exploration of good and evil , or in this article , the inner conflict of the creative person .
As a designer this struggle within is something that can be a very powerful tool , if you can learn to control it .
Rule # 1 : Final destination
When you get in your car do you just start driving and hope you get to the right place ?
No .
You would know where you want to go .
Same thing goes for your website .
Ask yourself what you would like the results to be .
Do n’t be vague and say “ A cool site . ”
It might be to show clients you think through the user experience .
It could be to get recognition on some galleries .
Maybe you just want a place to experiment and collaborate with other designers .
It should be a condensed and focused idea of the overall goal for your site .
Rule # 2 : Create order
In the Mad Max movies there are no rules and anything goes .
This is what happens when you have no order .
Pure chaos .
The first step is to create some boundaries .
Some say make it a real project with a deadline .
I do n’t think self - imposed deadlines work .
Deadlines restrict you and curb creativity .
You will be thinking more about the deadline and be more apt to move it if it keeps getting in the way .
So dump that .
Define the tasks to meet your above goal .
That means outline the specific pages ( For example : home , blog , portfolio , about , contact ) .
Define what you want to see at the end of the project .
Rule # 3 : Content is king
Be as specific as you can on what you would like on each page .
That means decide on the content first .
I know , it ’s a design portfolio .
You need something to design though .
How many times has a client had you design something without saying what content they want on there , or saying they will get it to you soon ( meaning the day before it goes live ) .
Do n’t do this to you .
You do n’t have to write every line but decide if you ’ll have links in the footer , a big bio on the about page , or maybe what items you ’ll start out with in your folio section .
Rule # 4 : Stop comparing
There is always someone better than you .
Always .
But remember :
That person ’s first few websites sucked .
Not only did they suck , they might have been the worst website ever created .
So why are you trying so hard to have the best website ever in one shot ?
You wo n’t get better unless you start making your own sites .
Stop using other websites as a crutch while you aimlessly wander looking for something to spark an idea .
Since you have your goals defined and know what content you want , you can quickly move along until you find the elements that match your needs .
Then STOP looking .
Rule # 5 : Inspiration perspiration
Sometimes it ’s hard to get inspired .
It might be because many designers work for agencies all day creating work for others , then get home and do n’t feel like sitting in front of the computer .
Or they just might feel like they ca n’t come up with something that is original .
Go to the museum , catch a movie , or just get outside .
It will give you a break and might help you find some new ideas .
Everyone goes to many of the same places online to get inspired .
That might be why you feel like you ca n’t come up with that great idea that no one has ever seen .
You ’re looking in the same place as the rest of the design world .
Try something else and do n’t force yourself to be inspired , let it happen on its own .
Rule # 6 : Bulletproof Brand
Here is one of the most important things that I have discovered :
There is no one like you .
That probably sounds like an after - school special .
Well , it ’s true .
The brand you create should n’t be based on only design elements ( logo and colors ) .
It should reflect your personality and the way you want to express yourself .
It might be bold and modern , with an element of surprise .
You can take that and build a brand design around that .
Your brand is personal , it should come from you and not something you ’ve seen .
Trends mostly die so avoid those at all costs .
Once you establish your brand you ca n’t put holes in it .
It ’s bulletproof after all .
Become the best designer of that brand style .
Use that foundation for this site and future versions of your site .
It will make things so much easier when you know who you are .
Rule # 7 : Perfection is infinite
Now it ’s time to get rid of the inner critic .
If you keep hearing someone tell you it is not good enough , then they are n’t worth listening to ( this includes outside of your head too ) .
Let ’s get real .
You can keep designing for the next few years and still wo n’t be satisfied .
After you have defined all the previous rules you will have molded your site and style so well that it will be so much easier to get to the design you are looking for .
Accept your weaknesses as well as your strengths .
Designers by nature love what they do and are connected to their work .
With everything you do you are giving your all to it .
You ca n’t give anymore and if you do n’t put something out there you ’ll never get feedback or see the results .
Without that experience there is no growth to becoming a better designer .
Do n’t forget the best designers have all had failures to know what not to do in their work .
Rule # 8 : The right one
So how do you know it ’s the right one ?
When has it been long enough ?
Let your designs “ ferment ” for a few days and come back to them .
When you look at them again and feel that they are still good or even better , then you are on the right track .
Daniel : “ But how do I know if my picture ’s the right one ? ” Miyagi : “ If comes from inside you , always right one . ”
- From Karate Kid
Rule # 9 : You are not a creative genius
Designer ’s Block happens to the best of us .
I found a TED talk about creativity a while back .
The speaker is author Elizabeth Gilbert .
She talks about how creative inspiration or “ genius ” might be something that does not come from within , but rather is given to us by something outside of us .
Somewhat like a Muse from Greek mythology .
That takes away the pressure from the creative person to not be so hard on ourselves for coming up with brilliance every time .
It really changed my personal perspective on creativity and how to deal with things when design ideas are n’t flowing .
– Elizabeth Gilbert on nurturing creativity .
Rule # 10 : Use The Force
Together these rules are very powerful ways of overcoming the inner struggles of designing for yourself .
Remember to use what you have created within each of them as one powerful force to stop yourself from being sidetracked .
For example , if you happen to see a link of a cool site after you have stopped looking and started designing , use something like your Bulletproof Brand .
Think about the purpose of that cool site .
It works for that designer , but not for YOU .
That designer ’s goal could be very different from yours .
Just look and keep moving on to your great design .
Go design it
With these rules you can overcome the struggles of designing for yourself .
I have used these rules and concepts to help overcome my own design challenges .
I hope that others will find them to be useful too .
Sly ’s future just got a little brighter .
After the inFamous demo went live yesterday , people have already found some interesting stuff .
The most interesting one ?
Well , if you ’re playing the inFamous demo now , or plan to play it later , head on over to the Cineperplexed Movie House .
You ’ll see a couple parodies of some movies , though the best part is that the movies listed include Sly Cooper 4 .
Could this be hinting at the next game Sucker Punch will be working on ?
Or do you think they ’re just pulling our legs ?
Post your comments below .
[ Source / Via ]
A Live Twitter Phishing Attack
Description : Graham from Sophos demonstrates a live phishing attack striking users of the Twitter micro-blogging network .
More info about this attack is available here .
Tags : Twitter , Sophos , Sophos Labs , Phishing
This video has been referred to us by Graham ( gc [ ] sophos [ ] com ) .
You can visit his blog for interesting articles on computer security .
Tags : basics ,
Disclaimer :
We are a infosec video aggregator and this video is linked from an external website .
The original author may be different from the user re-posting / linking it here .
Please do not assume the authors to be same without verifying .
Kadish said he had made a mistake in sharing the confidential papers
An 85 - year - old former civilian employee of the US Army has been fined for passing classified documents to Israel in the 1980s .
Ben -Ami Kadish was spared jail because of his age and health , but ordered to pay $ 50,000 ( £ 31,000 ) by a US court .
The judge said the case was " shrouded in mystery " and he was surprised it took the FBI so long to charge Kadish .
Kadish said : " I thought I was helping the state of Israel without harming the United States . "
Prosecutors said that between 1980 and 1985 Kadish provided information about nuclear weapons , fighter jets and missiles to an Israeli agent , Yosef Yagur , who photographed the documents at Kadish 's residence .
" Why it took the government 23 years to charge Mr Kadish is shrouded in mystery , " US District Judge William Pauley said during sentencing in Manhattan federal court .
" It is clear the ( US ) government could have charged Mr Kadish with far more serious crimes . "
' A mistake '
Kadish was arrested in April 2008 and pleaded guilty to being an unregistered agent of Israel in December .
Court documents showed that Yosef Yagur was also the main Israeli contact for Jonathan Pollard , an American sentenced to life in prison for spying for Israel in the 1980s .
The judge said he had given Kadish a lenient sentence , but that he had committed " a grave offence " and had " abused the trust " of the US .
Kadish told the court : " It was a mistake .
It was a misjudgment . "
Kadish was born in the US but grew up in Palestine before the founding of the state of Israel in 1948 .
Dear Horndog ,
I will make you a deal .
As it happens , the Brazen Narcissist Horndog Politician on my brain right now is Republican South Carolina Gov. Mark Sanford , who has just confessed , in an almost admirably gut - spewing manner , that the trail he'd just been on was not rigorous and Appalachian , but amorous and Argentinian .
But not too long from now , Sanford 's ritual mortification will , God willing , have receded .
Then someone else 's — perhaps your own — will take its place , just as Sanford 's has replaced John Ensign's , which replaced John Edwards ' , which replaced Eliot Spitzer 's , which replaced Jim McGreevey's , which replaced Bill Clinton 's — not that anyone could ever replace Bill Clinton in the Brazen Narcissist Horndog department .
Anyway , you are n't busted yet , but given your astonishing knack for combining hubris and hypocrisy , you will be .
And we both know what — notwithstanding Sanford 's emoting — will almost certainly happen then .
You will go on TV to express contrition , insist that this is an aberration , venerate your wife , and screw the other woman , this time by dismissing her as a mistake .
Your political enemies will express shock and horror , despite the fact that they hear some version of this exact tale several times a year .
Friends and pundits will invoke femmes fatales from Sally Hemings to Monica Lewinsky .
Everyone , including the media , will trash the media for being so intrusive , petty , dirty , vindictive , and out of touch with what really matters to real Americans .
And real Americans will gobble up every salacious detail .
Enough .
Here 's the deal , straight from one of the reporters who will tell your story .
I will count or discount your role as a family man in my coverage to the exact degree that you count or discount it in your public account of yourself .
You want reporters to treat your family as off - limits ?
Do n't use your wife and kids as campaign props .
You do n't want the press to draw a connection between your private and public lives ?
Quit drawing that connection every chance you get , by telling us how Ellie made you care about children , or how Jeannie and Little Jeannie would never let you hear the end of it if you voted against a woman 's right to choose .
You want people to ignore the scoop on your shenanigans and focus on the economy and the war in Iraq ?
Next time People magazine wants to do a spread on your happy home life , decline on the grounds that we really ought to focus on the economy and the war in Iraq .
Not , you understand , that it has to be an all - or - nothing , black - or - white kind of arrangement .
Based on your emphasis — the florid videos you do or do n't release ; the hand - holding interviews you do or do n't give ; the public appearances your wife and kids do or do n't make with you or for you across the country — I will treat your personal life as if it matters not at all ; just a bit ; at least as much as anything else , or any variation thereof .
It 's entirely up to you .
Look , as far as I am concerned , your home is your castle , even if that home is the White House .
You dig the moat , and I 'll gladly stay on the other side .
But the more you invite me in , the more I am going to look around .
And , based on how you behave and with whom , I just might feel perfectly free to ask : " Hey Ozzie , does Harriet know about the hookers ? "
All best ,
Fed - Up Journalist
CHARLOTTE , N.C. --
Two days , two losses for Michael Phelps .
Phelps was beaten again at the Charlotte UltraSwim , losing to French star Frederick Bousquet in the 100 - meter freestyle Sunday night .
Phelps touched nearly a full second behind Bousquet , world - record holder in the 50 free , after losing his first final in nearly a year the previous night .
Aaron Peirsol beat Phelps in the 100 backstroke .
Bousquet went out strong , ensuring he had a big enough lead to hold off Phelps at the end -- even as the winningest Olympian ever experimented with a new straight - arm stroke that is supposed to provide more speed .
Michael Phelps finished nearly a second behind Frederick Bousquet in the 100 - meter freestyle .
AP Photo / Gerry Broome
The Frenchman touched in 48.22 seconds , while Phelps never really had a chance and finished second in 49.04 .
" The biggest thing that killed me were my turns and my finishes , " said Phelps , who holds the American record in the 100 free at 47.51 .
" I 'm not disappointed with that time , but the finish was awful .
There 's small things I need to work on .
But overall , it was a good meet . "
The North Carolina meet was his first since capturing a record eight gold medals at the Beijing Olympics .
The nine - month layoff was the longest of Phelps ' career , though he had intended to come back earlier -- after being photographed using a marijuana pipe , a picture that wound up on the front page of a British tabloid , he was given a three - month suspension by USA Swimming .
The sanction ended May 5 , and Phelps was eager to start competing again .
He entered five events at Charlotte and won the first two , the 200 free and 100 back , both of which were part of his gold - medal haul in China .
But Phelps still has some work to do in the 200 back and 100 free , two events he hopes to add to his repertoire while dropping several races he won at Athens and Beijing .
It 's all part of his plan to take on new challenges -- and stay motivated -- heading into his final Olympics at London .
Nothing gets
Phelps going like a loss .
Or two .
" This is something that will motivate me to fix those things over the next few weeks , " he said .
" I 'm kind of mad at myself .
I wanted to break 49 .
I was five - hundredths off it with the two stupid mistakes I made . "
Phelps was kicking himself for having to take an extra stroke going into the turn , and again at the finish .
Plus , he was experimenting with a straight - arm stroke that he believes will help him be more competitive in the sprint events .
He started out with the standard stroke -- elbow bent -- before switching to the windmill - like motion for the second half of the opening lap .
After the flip , Phelps went back to the regular stroke , then switched again to the straight arm for the final 15 meters .
Bousquet was amazed .
" Did he do that ?
Really ?
Whoa , " said the Frenchman , who last month became the first swimmer to break 21 seconds in the 50 free .
" That 's even more impressive .
To go 49.0 , which is a pretty decent time in season , and change up the strokes a couple of times during the race , that 's pretty impressive . "
All things considered , Phelps said he was pleased with his performance .
In addition to the two wins and two runner - up finishes , he entered the 50 free to get in some extra work with his new stroke .
He actually qualified for the final of that event -- barely -- but scratched .
" For my first meet back , I have no complaints , " he said .
" We 're on the right track .
This is exactly where I want to be . "
Bousquet covered the opening lap in a blistering 22.83 seconds , 0.99 ahead of Phelps , and did n't lose much of his advantage on his return to the wall .
" Whenever you race that guy , you can't count on your back - end speed to beat him , " Bousquet said .
" I knew I had to use my strength , which is my speed , and go out as fast as I could . "
Phelps knows what he needs to work on .
" I need some of Fred 's first - half speed , " the American marveled .
" He sure takes it out . "
Bousquet was a late addition to the four - day meet .
He does n't usually swim the 100 free in season , but could n't pass up a chance to go against Phelps .
" Tonight 's race helped me get motivated a lot , " the French star said .
" The fact he was in the race and the fact we were next to each other , too , definitely helped me to get motivated and get my head into it . "
Rising star Dagny Knutson won her fourth event of the meet in the women 's 200 individual medley .
The 17 - year - old North Dakotan , who trains on her own and without benefit of a 50 - meter indoor pool , touched first in 2 minutes , 12.87 seconds , beating out 2008 Olympian Julia Smit by nearly two seconds .
Aaron Peirsol completed his sweep of the backstroke events with a victory in the 200 .
The previous night , he handed Phelps his first finals loss in 364 days , having beaten him in the 200 back at Santa Clara , Calif. , in the lead - up to the Olympics .
The other winners on the final night of the meet : Joe Kinderwater in the men's 800 freestyle , Brazil 's Thiago Pereira in the 200 individual medley ( beating out Ryan Lochte ) , Emily Brunemann in the women 's 1,500 free , Elizabeth Beisel in the 200 back and Amanda Weir in the 100 free .
Unwed pregnant teens and twenty - somethings who attend or have graduated from private religious schools are more likely to obtain abortions than their peers from public schools , according to new sociological research .
" This research suggests that young , unmarried women are confronted with a number of social , financial and health - related factors that can make it difficult for them to act according to religious values when deciding whether to keep or abort a pregnancy , " said the study 's author , sociologist Amy Adamczyk , an assistant professor at the John Jay College of Criminal Justice and the Graduate Center , City University of New York .
While previous research has investigated the link between religion and abortion attitudes , fewer studies have explored religion 's impact on abortion behavior .
To fill this research gap , Adamczyk examined how personal religious involvement , schoolmate religious involvement and school type influenced the pregnancy decisions of a sample of 1,504 unmarried and never - divorced women age 26 and younger from 125 different schools .
The women ranged in age from 14 to 26 at the time they discovered they were pregnant .
Twenty - five percent of women in the sample reported having an abortion , a likely underestimate , according to Adamczyk .
Results revealed no significant link between a young woman 's reported decision to have an abortion and her personal religiosity , as defined by her religious involvement , frequency of prayer and perception of religion 's importance .
Adamczyk said that this may be partially explained by the evidence that personal religiosity delays the timing of first sex , thereby shortening the period of time in which religious women are sexually active outside of marriage .
Despite the absence of a link between personal religious devotion and abortion , religious affiliation did have some important influence .
Adamczyk found that conservative Protestants were the least likely to report having an abortion , less likely than mainline Protestants , Catholics and women with non-Christian religious affiliations .
Regarding the impact of the religious involvement of a woman 's peers , Adamczyk found no significant influence .
However , Adamczyk did find that women who attended school with conservative Protestants were more likely to decide to have an extramarital baby in their 20s than in their teenage years .
" The values of conservative Protestant classmates seem to have an abortion limiting effect on women in their 20s , but not in their teens , presumably because the educational and economic costs of motherhood are reduced as young women grow older , " Adamczyk said .
Despite Adamczyk 's finding that rates of reported abortions were higher for young women educated at private religious schools , the type of religious school was not a factor : Catholic schools had similar rates as other religious schools .
" Religious school attendance is not necessarily indicative of conservative religious beliefs because students attend these schools for a variety of reasons , " Adamczyk said .
" These schools tend to generate high levels of commitment and strong social ties among their students and families , so abortion rates could be higher due to the potential for increased feelings of shame related to an extramarital birth . "
Data for this study came from the National Longitudinal Study of Adolescent Health ( Add Health ) , a three - wave school - based study of the health - related behaviors of students in grades 7 to 12 at the time of the first wave .
Adamczyk analyzed data from the first and third waves of Add Health , the first wave taking place from 1994 to 1995 and the third wave being completed between 2001 and 2002 .
[ Collected via e-mail , 1999 ]
Does evil exist ?
The university professor challenged his students with this question .
Did God create everything that exists ?
A student bravely replied , “ Yes , he did ! ” “ God created everything ?
The professor asked .
“ Yes sir ” , the student replied .
The professor answered , “ If God created everything , then God created evil since evil exists , and according to the principal that our works define who we are then God is evil ” .
The student became quiet before such an answer .
The professor was quite pleased with himself and boasted to the students that he had proven once more that the Christian faith was a myth .
Another student raised his hand and said , “ Can I ask you a question professor ? ” “ Of course ” , replied the professor .
The student stood up and asked , “ Professor , does cold exist ? ”
“ What kind of question is this ?
Of course it exists .
Have you never been cold ? ”
The students snickered at the young man ’s question .
The young man replied , “ In fact sir , cold does not exist .
According to the laws of physics , what we consider cold is in reality the absence of heat .
Every body or object is susceptible to study when it has or transmits energy , and heat is what makes a body or matter have or transmit energy .
Absolute zero ( - 460 degrees F ) is the total absence of heat ; all matter becomes inert and incapable of reaction at that temperature .
Cold does not exist .
We have created this word to describe how we feel if we have no heat . ”
The student continued , “ Professor , does darkness exist ? ”
The professor responded , “ Of course it does . ”
The student replied , “ Once again you are wrong sir , darkness does not exist either .
Darkness is in reality the absence of light .
Light we can study , but not darkness .
In fact we can use Newton ’s prism to break white light into many colors and study the various wavelengths of each color .
You can not measure darkness .
A simple ray of light can break into a world of darkness and illuminate it .
How can you know how dark a certain space is ?
You measure the amount of light present .
Is n’t this correct ?
Darkness is a term used by man to describe what happens when there is no light present . ”
Finally the young man asked the professor , “ Sir , does evil exist ? ”
Now uncertain , the professor responded , “ Of course as I have already said .
We see it every day .
It is in the daily example of man ’s inhumanity to man .
It is in the multitude of crime and violence everywhere in the world .
These manifestations are nothing else but evil . ”
To this the student replied , “ Evil does not exist sir , or at least it does not exist unto itself .
Evil is simply the absence of God .
It is just like darkness and cold , a word that man has created to describe the absence of God .
God did not create evil .
Evil is not like faith , or love that exist just as does light and heat .
Evil is the result of what happens when man does not have God ’s love present in his heart .
It ’s like the cold that comes when there is no heat or the darkness that comes when there is no light . ”
The professor sat down .
The young man ’s name — Albert Einstein .
For those looking for a quick answer to the question of whether the above narrative is literally true , we ’ll state up front that it is not .
Nothing remotely like the account related above appears in any biography or article about Albert Einstein , nor is the account congruent with that scientist ’s expressed views on the subject of religion ( in which he generally described himself as an “ agnostic ” or a “ religious nonbeliever ” ) .
Einstein ’s name has simply been inserted into an anecdote created long after his death in order to provide the reading audience with a recognizable figure and thus lend the tale an air of verisimilitude
As to what this account says from a standpoint of faith , one of the most troubling conundrums is the question of how evil and suffering can survive in a universe created and managed by a loving supreme being .
Postulated explanations of this paradox are known as theodicies , and such answers have been for centuries handed out by members of many belief systems when challenged to provide logical answers to the question of how it is possible that a just and moral God can co-exist with evil .
Among these answers are :
Free Will :
God gave his children the right to make up their own minds as to who they would be , and some choose to be rotten .
Imperfect Supreme Being : God struggles valiantly to cope with a universe filled with random events ( chaos ) , but as powerful as he is , he ca n’t undo every awful thing the moment it happens .
The Devil :
An evil entity preys upon the weak of will , winning many of the flawed to his side where they are first welcomed , then sent out to do his bidding .
While God is ultimately fated to win the final battle against this adversary , until that time the evil entity ’s minions will wreak havoc .
Incomprehensibility : “ Good ” and “ evil ” are human constructs born of mankind ’s limited understanding of the universe .
Were people capable of seeing things through God ’s eyes , they would grasp the morality and rightness of events that now leave them aghast in horror and riddled with unease at their seeming unfairness .
The online forward quoted above draws upon yet another possible explanation : that evil is the absence of God , in the same way that cold is the absence of heat , and dark is the absence of light .
This argument has been around for a long time , as has the legend about the pious student
using it to squelch an atheist professor .
The name of Einstein gets used in legends whose plots call for a smart person , one whom the audience will immediately recognize as such ( i.e. , modern tellings of an ancient legend about a learned rabbi who switches places with his servant feature Albert Einstein in the role of esteemed scholar ) .
This venerated cultural icon has , at least in the world of contemporary lore , become a stock character to be tossed into the fray wherever the script calls for a genius .
Likewise , “ the atheist professor ” is a stock figure common to a number of urban legends and anecdotes of the faithful : he gets flung into the mix where there ’s a need for someone to play the role of Science Vanquished in Science - versus - Religion tales .
But he is not inserted merely to serve as an icon of learning to be humbled in tales that aim to teach that faith is of greater value than provable knowledge ; he is also woven into these sorts of stories for his lack of belief .
Just as the villain in
oldtime melodramas had to have a waxed moustache , a black cape , and an evil laugh , so too must the bullying professor of such stories be an atheist : it would not be enough for him to be merely an insufferable , over - educated git arrogantly attempting to stretch the minds of his students by having them question something deeply believed .
No , he must instead be someone who rejects the existence of God , an assignment of role that re-positions what might otherwise have been a bloodless debate about philosophy as an epic battle between two champions of faith and denial and sets up the action to unfold as one putting the boots to the other .
“ The atheist professor ” plays his expected role of getting his pants kicked in the Dropped Chalk tale , where he ( once again ) challenges his browbeaten students on the topic of God ’s existence .
He is also pivotal to these following tales , which are yet other variations on the same theme :
A college class was led by an atheist professor , and every day he ’d stand in front of his class and say , “ Have you ever seen God ? ” to which nobody would answer .
Then he ’d ask , “ Have you ever felt God ? ” and nobody would answer .
Finally he ’d ask , “ Have you ever heard God ? ” and , like the other times , nobody would answer .
He then would say , “ It is obvious that there is no God . ”
One day a Christian student had been having an extremely bad day ; her car broke down , her mother was sick , her boyfriend was out of town , and she ’d gotten a bad grade on one of her exams .
She had been fed up with her professor ’s little act every morning , so she decided to do something about it .
While the professor stood up at the beginning of class and did his thing , the student had an idea .
She got up and said , “ Professor , would you mind if I said something ? ”
He said , “ Of course not .
This is an expressive classroom , and I think it would be fine if you spoke your mind . ”
The girl said to the class , “ Have you ever seen our professor ’s brain ? ” and nobody answered .
Then she asked , “ Have you ever felt our professor ’s brain ? ” and nobody answered .
Finally she asked , “ Have you ever heard our professor ’s brain ? ” and , like the other times , nobody answered .
She then said , “ It is quite obvious that our professor has no brain . ”
An atheist professor was teaching a college class and he told the class that he was going to prove that there is no God .
He said , “ God , if you are real , then I want you to knock me off this platform .
I ’ll give you 15 minutes ! ”
Ten minutes went by .
The professor kept taunting God , saying , “ Here I am , God .
I ’m still waiting . ”
He got down to the last couple of minutes and a Marine just released from active duty , and newly registered in the class , walked up to the professor , hit him full force in the face , and sent him flying from his platform .
The professor struggled up , obviously shaken and yelled , “ What ’s the matter with you ?
Why did you do that ? ”
The Marine replied , “ God was busy , so He sent me . ”
Navy SEALs are always taught 1 ) Keep your priorities in order and
2 ) Know when to act without hesitation .
A Navy SEAL was attending some college courses between assignments .
He had completed missions in Iraq and Afghanistan .
One of the courses had a professor who was an avowed atheist and a member of the ACLU .
One day he shocked the class when he came in , looked to the ceiling , and flatly stated , “ God , if you are real , then I want you to knock me off this platform .
I ’ll give you exactly 15 minutes . ”
The lecture room fell silent .
You could hear a pin drop .
Ten minutes went by and the professor
proclaimed , “ Here I am God .
I ’m still waiting . ”
It got down to the last couple of minutes when the SEAL got out of his chair , went up to the professor , and cold - cocked him ; knocking him off the platform .
The professor was out cold .
The SEAL went back to his seat and sat there , silently .
The other students were shocked and stunned and sat there looking on in silence .
The professor eventually came to , noticeably shaken , looked at the SEAL and asked , “ What the hell is the matter with you ?
Why did you do that ? ”
The SEAL calmly replied , “ God was too busy today protecting America ’s soldiers who are protecting your right to say stupid shit and act like an asshole .
So He sent me . ”
The key to understanding the allure of these tales lies in this one line from the “ evil is the absence of God ” story :
“ The professor was quite pleased with himself and boasted to the students that he had proven once more that the Christian faith was a myth . ”
Faith ca n’t be proved ( or disproved ) ; if such validations were possible , those concepts would stop being matters of faith and start being matters of fact .
Unfortunately , this leaves those who are convinced of the existence of God without an incontrovertible , irrefutable answer to those who challenge them to provide evidence of the veracity of their belief systems ’ tenets , or to demonstrate beyond any shadow of doubt that their inner direction is the right one to those who insist on independently verifiable proof of that which ca n’t be proved .
That God permits evil to exist ( and some would say to thrive ) is taken by non-believers as an inarguable sign that there is no supreme being .
This puzzle is pointed to by them as the unanswerable fallacy that proves the negative : they reckon that a loving , all - powerful God would have stamped out evil , ergo
He does n’t exist , or He is not all - powerful , or He is not all that enamored of His children .
As such , this paradox can be disquieting to those who do believe : not only do they themselves have to wrestle with the seeming disconnect , they are left unable to convincingly answer their critics when this topic comes up .
They find themselves similarly hamstrung when pressed to prove the existence of God .
If anybody asks me what I have accomplished , I will say all I have accomplished is that I have written a few good sentences .
Eric Hoffer ( 25 July 1902 – 21 May 1983 ) was an American writer on social and political philosophy .
His first book , The True Believer : Thoughts On The Nature Of Mass Movements ( 1951 ) is widely recognized as a classic on mass - movements and the psychological roots of fanaticism .
Despite rising to fame with the success and popularity of his writings , he continued to work as a longshoreman until retiring at age 65 .
Quotes [ edit ]
Our passionate preoccupation with the sky , the stars , and a God somewhere in outer space is a homing impulse .
We are drawn back to where we came from .
It is doubtful if the oppressed ever fight for freedom .
They fight for pride and power — power to oppress others .
My writing is done in railroad yards while waiting for a freight , in the fields while waiting for a truck , and at noon after lunch .
Towns are too distracting .
Letter to Margaret Anderson ( 1941 )
It 's disconcerting to realize that businessmen , generals , soldiers , men of action are less corrupted by power than intellectuals ...
You take a conventional man of action , and he 's satisfied if you obey .
But not the intellectual .
He does n't want you just to obey .
He wants you to get down on your knees and praise the one who makes you love what you hate and hate what you love .
In other words , whenever the intellectuals are in power , there 's soul - raping going on .
Interview with Eric Sevareid ( 1967 )
Our passionate preoccupation with the sky , the stars , and a God somewhere in outer space is a homing impulse .
We are drawn back to where we came from .
On the first moon - landing , as quoted in The New York Times ( 21 July 1969 )
It was the craving to be a one and only people which impelled the ancient Hebrews to invent a one and only God whose one and only people they were to be .
As quoted in Dictionary of Quotable Definitions ( 1970 ) by Eugene Brussell
It is probably true that business corrupts everything it touches .
It corrupts politics , sports , literature , art , labor unions and so on .
But business also corrupts and undermines monolithic totalitarianism .
Capitalism is at its liberating best in a noncapitalist environment .
" Thoughts of Eric Hoffer , Including : ' Absolute Faith Corrupts Absolutely ' " , The New York Times Magazine ( April 25 , 1971 ) , p. 50 .
Wordiness is a sickness of American writing .
Too many words dilute and blur ideas .
Letter to Mrs. Blumberg ( 27 September 1977 )
There is not an idea that cannot be expressed in 200 words .
But the writer must know precisely what he wants to say .
If you have nothing to say and want badly to say it , then all the words in all the dictionaries will not suffice .
Letter to Mrs. Blumberg ( 27 September 1977 )
It is doubtful if the oppressed ever fight for freedom .
They fight for pride and power — power to oppress others .
The oppressed want above all to imitate their oppressors ; they want to retaliate .
Quoted in War and Conflict Quotations : A Worldwide Dictionary of Pronouncements from Military Leaders , Politicians , Philosophers , Writers and Others ( 1997 ) by Michael C. Thomsett and Jean F. Thomsett Paraphrased variant : " I doubt if the oppressed ever fight for freedom ... "
The oppressed want above all to imitate their oppressors ; they want to retaliate .
If anybody asks me what I have accomplished , I will say all I have accomplished is that I have written a few good sentences .
Manuscript note , quoted at The Eric Hoffer Award official site
The True Believer ( 1951 ) [ edit ]
Faith in a holy cause is to a considerable extent a substitute for the lost faith in ourselves
The less justified a man is in claiming excellence for his own self , the more ready he is to claim all excellence for his nation , his religion , his race or his holy cause .
It is startling to realize how much unbelief is necessary to make belief possible .
What we know as blind faith is sustained by innumerable unbeliefs .
The opposite of the religious fanatic is not the fanatical atheist but the gentle cynic who cares not whether there is a god or not .
Mass movements can rise and spread without belief in a God , but never without belief in a devil
Passionate hatred can give meaning and purpose to an empty life ...
The awareness of their individual blemishes and shortcomings inclines the frustrated to detect ill will and meanness in their fellow men .
society .
True loyalty between individuals is possible only in a loose and relatively free
For though ours is a godless age , it is the very opposite of irreligious .
The true believer is everywhere on the march , and both by converting and antagonizing he is shaping the world in his own image .
And whether we are to line up with him or against him , it is well that we should know all we can concerning his nature and potentialities .
Preface
Part One : The Appeal of Mass Movements [ edit ]
When hopes and dreams are loose in the streets , it is well for the timid to lock doors , shutter windows and lie low until the wrath has passed .
For there is often a monstrous incongruity between the hopes , however noble and tender , and the action which follows them .
It is as if ivied maidens and garlanded youths were to herald the four horsemen of the apocalypse .
Section 5 , Ch. 2 : The Desire For Substitutes
There is a fundamental difference between the appeal of a mass movement and the appeal of a practical organization .
The practical organization offers opportunities for self - advancement , and its appeal is mainly to self - interest .
On the other hand , a mass movement , particularly in its active , revivalist phase , appeals not to those intent on bolstering and advancing a cherished self , but to those who crave to be rid of an unwanted self .
A mass movement attracts and holds a following not because it can satisfy the desire for self - advancement , but because it can satisfy the passion for self - renunciation .
Section 7
On the other hand , a mass movement , particularly in its active , revivalist phase , appeals not to those intent on bolstering and advancing a cherished self , but to those who crave to be rid of an unwanted self .
Faith in a holy cause is to a considerable extent a substitute for the lost faith in ourselves .
Section 8
The less justified a man is in claiming excellence for his own self , the more ready he is to claim all excellence for his nation , his religion , his race or his holy cause .
Section 9
A man is likely to mind his own business when it is worth minding .
When it is not , he takes his mind off his own meaningless affairs by minding other people 's business .
Section 10
There is no doubt that in exchanging a self - centered for a selfless life we gain enormously in self - esteem .
The vanity of the selfless , even those who practice utmost humility , is boundless .
Section 10
The vanity of the selfless , even those who practice utmost humility , is boundless .
When our individual interests and prospects do not seem worth living for , we are in desperate need for something apart from us to live for .
All forms of dedication , devotion , loyalty and self - surrender are in essence a desperate clinging to something which might give worth and meaning to our futile , spoiled lives .
Section 13
Part Two : The Potential Converts [ edit ]
The poor on the borderline of starvation live purposeful lives .
To be engaged in a desperate struggle for food and shelter is to be wholly free from a sense of futility .
Section 21 , Ch.5 The Poor
Unless a man has talents to make something of himself , freedom is an irksome burden .
Of what avail is freedom to choose if the self be ineffectual ?
We join a mass movement to escape individual responsibility , or , in the words of the ardent young Nazi , " to be free from freedom . "
It was not sheer hypocrisy when the rank - and - file Nazis declared themselves not guilty of all the enormities they had committed .
They considered themselves cheated and maligned when made to shoulder responsibility for obeying orders .
Had they not joined the Nazi movement in order to be free from responsibility ?
Section 26
Of what avail is freedom to choose if the self be ineffectual ?
We join a mass movement to escape individual responsibility , or , in the words of the ardent young Nazi , " to be free from freedom . "
It was not sheer hypocrisy when the rank - and - file Nazis declared themselves not guilty of all the enormities they had committed .
They considered themselves cheated and maligned when made to shoulder responsibility for obeying orders .
Had they not joined the Nazi movement in order to be free from responsibility ?
Those who see their lives as spoiled and wasted crave equality and fraternity more than they do freedom .
If they clamor for freedom , it is but freedom to establish equality and uniformity .
The passion for equality is partly a passion for anonymity : to be one thread of the many which make up a tunic ; one thread not distinguishable from the others .
No one can then point us out , measure us against others and expose our inferiority .
They who clamor loudest for freedom are often the ones least likely to be happy in a free society .
The frustrated , oppressed by their shortcomings , blame their failure on existing restraints .
Actually , their innermost desire is for an end to the " free for all . "
They want to eliminate free competition and the ruthless testing to which the individual is continually subjected in a free society .
Section 28
The passion for equality is partly a passion for anonymity : to be one thread of the many which make up a tunic ; one thread not distinguishable from the others .
No one can then point us out , measure us against others and expose our inferiority .
The frustrated , oppressed by their shortcomings , blame their failure on existing restraints .
Actually , their innermost desire is for an end to the " free for all . "
They want to eliminate free competition and the ruthless testing to which the individual is continually subjected in a free society .
Where freedom is real , equality is the passion of the masses .
Where equality is real , freedom is the passion of a small minority .
Section 29
We can never have enough of that which we really do not want , and ... we run fastest and farthest from ourselves .
Section 37 , Ch.6 Misfits
The most incurably frustrated — and , therefore , the most vehement — among the permanent misfits are those with an unfulfilled craving for creative work .
Both those who try to write , paint , compose , etcetera , and fail decisively , and those who after tasting the elation of creativeness feel a drying up of the creative flow within and know that never again will they produce aught worthwhile , are alike in the grip of a desperate passion .
Neither fame nor power nor riches nor even monumental achievements in other fields can still their hunger .
Even the wholehearted dedication to a holy cause does not always cure them .
Their unappeased hunger persists , and they are likely to become the most violent extremists in the service of their holy cause .
Section 37 , Ch.6 Misfits
Part Three : United Action and Self - Sacrifice [ edit ]
The capacity to resist coercion stems partly from the individual 's identification with a group .
Section 45 , Ch. 13 Factors Promoting Self - sacrifice
Glory is largely a theatrical concept .
There is no striving for glory without a vivid awareness of an audience — the knowledge that our mighty deeds will come to the ears of our contemporaries or " of those that are to be . "
We are ready to sacrifice our true , transitory self for the imaginary eternal self we are building up , by our heroic deeds , in the opinion and imagination of others .
Section 47
There is no striving for glory without a vivid awareness of an audience — the knowledge that our mighty deeds will come to the ears of our contemporaries or " of those that are to be . " up , by our heroic deeds ,
Failure in the management of practical affairs seems to be a qualification for success in the management of public affairs .
Section 54
The readiness for self - sacrifice is contingent on an imperviousness to the realities of life .
... For self - sacrifice is an unreasonable act .
...
All active mass movements strive , therefore , to interpose a fact - proof screen between the faithful and the realities of the world .
... by claiming that the ultimate and absolute truth is already embodied in their doctrine and that there is no truth nor certitude outside it .
... To rely on the evidence of senses and of reason is heresy and treason .
It is startling to realize how much unbelief is necessary to make belief possible .
What we know as blind faith is sustained by innumerable unbeliefs .
Section 56
. ... by claiming that the ultimate and absolute truth is already embodied in their doctrine and that there is no truth nor certitude outside it .
... To rely on the evidence of senses and of reason is heresy and treason .
We can be absolutely certain only about things we do not understand .
A doctrine that is understood is shorn of its strength .
Section 57
A doctrine that is understood is shorn of its strength .
The urge to escape our real self is also an urge to escape the rational and the obvious .
The refusal to see ourselves as we are develops a distaste for facts and cold logic .
There is no hope for the frustrated in the actual and the possible .
Salvation can come to them only from the miraculous , which seeps through a crack in the iron wall of inexorable reality .
They ask to be deceived .
What Stresemann said of the Germans is true of the frustrated in general : " [ They ] pray not only for [ their ] daily bread , but also for [ their ] daily illusion . "
The rule seems to be that those who find difficulty in deceiving themselves are easily deceived by others .
They are easily persuaded and led .
Section 59
The refusal to see ourselves as we are develops a distaste for facts and cold logic .
There is no hope for the frustrated in the actual and the possible .
Salvation can come to them only from the miraculous , which seeps through a crack in the iron wall of inexorable reality .
They ask to be deceived .
What Stresemann said of the Germans is true of the frustrated in general : " [ They ] pray not only for [ their ] daily bread , but also for [ their ] daily illusion . "
The rule seems to be that those who find difficulty in deceiving themselves are easily deceived by others .
They are easily persuaded and led .
The opposite of the religious fanatic is not the fanatical atheist but the gentle cynic who cares not whether there is a god or not .
Section 62
Mass movements can rise and spread without belief in a God , but never without belief in a devil .
Section 65 , Ch.14 Unifying Agents
We do not make people humble and meek when we show them their guilt and cause them to be ashamed of themselves .
We are more likely to stir their arrogance and rouse in them a reckless aggressiveness .
Self - righteousness is a loud din raised to drown the voice of guilt within us .
Section 69
It is easier to hate an enemy with much good in him than one who is all bad .
We can not hate those we despise .
The Japanese had an advantage over us in that they admired us more than we admired them .
They could hate us more fervently than we could hate them .
The Americans are poor haters in international affairs because of their innate feeling of superiority over all foreigners .
An American 's hatred for a fellow American ( for Hoover or Roosevelt ) is far more virulent than any antipathy he can work up against foreigners .
It is of interest that the backward South shows more xenophobia than the rest of the country .
Should Americans begin to hate foreigners wholeheartedly , it will be an indication that they have lost confidence in their own way of life .
... though hatred is a convenient instrument for mobilizing a community for defense , it does not , in the long run , come cheap .
We pay for it by losing all or many of the values we have set out to defend .
Section 73
Passionate hatred can give meaning and purpose to an empty life .
Thus people haunted by the purposelessness of their lives try to find a new content not only by dedicating themselves to a holy cause but also by nursing a fanatical grievance .
A mass movement offers them unlimited opportunities for both .
Section 75
Thus people haunted by the purposelessness of their lives try to find a new content not only by dedicating themselves to a holy cause but also by nursing a fanatical grievance .
A mass movement offers them unlimited opportunities for both .
We tend today to exaggerate the effectiveness of persuasion as a means of inculcating opinion and shaping behavior .
... Actually the fabulous effects ascribed to propaganda have no greater foundation in fact than the fall of the walls of Jericho ascribed to the blast of Joshua 's trumpets .
Section 83
Fanatical orthodoxy is in all movements a late development .
It comes when the movement is in full possession of power and can impose its faith by force as well as by persuasion .
Section 85
Once the stage is set , the presence of an outstanding leader is indispensable .
Without him there will be no movement .
.
Without him there will be no movement .
Exceptional intelligence , noble character and originality seem neither indispensable nor perhaps desirable .
The main requirements seem to be : audacity and a joy in defiance ; an iron will ; a fanatical conviction that he is in possession of the one and only truth ; faith in his destiny and luck ; a capacity for passionate hatred ; contempt for the present ; a cunning estimate of human nature ; a delight in symbols ( spectacles and ceremonials ) ; unbounded brazenness which finds expression in a disregard of consistency and fairness ; a recognition that the innermost craving of a following is for communion and that there can never be too much of it ; a capacity for winning and holding the utmost loyalty of a group of able lieutenants .
This last faculty is one of the most essential and elusive .
Section 90
.
The main requirements seem to be : audacity and a joy in defiance ; an iron will ; a fanatical conviction that he is in possession of the one and only truth ; faith in his destiny and luck ; a capacity for passionate hatred ; contempt for the present ; a cunning estimate of human nature ; a delight in symbols ( spectacles and ceremonials ) ; unbounded brazenness which finds expression in a disregard of consistency and fairness ; a recognition that the innermost craving of a following is for communion and that there can never be too much of it ; a capacity for winning and holding the utmost loyalty of a group of able lieutenants . .
Charlatanism of some degree is indispensable to effective leadership .
There can be no mass movement without some deliberate misrepresentation of facts .
Section 91
There can be no mass movement without some deliberate misrepresentation of facts .
People whose lives are barren and insecure seem to show a greater willingness to obey than people who are self - sufficient and self - confident .
To the frustrated , freedom from responsibility is more attractive than freedom from restraint .
They are eager to barter their independence for relief of the burdens of willing , deciding and being responsible for inevitable failure .
They willingly abdicate the directing of their lives to those who want to plan , command and shoulder all responsibility .
Section 93
They are eager to barter their independence for relief of the burdens of willing , deciding and being responsible for inevitable failure .
They willingly abdicate the directing of their lives to those who want to plan , command and shoulder all responsibility .
The frustrated follow a leader less because of their faith that he is leading them to a promised land than because of their immediate feeling that he is leading them away from their unwanted selves .
Surrender to a leader is not a means to an end but a fulfillment .
Whither they are led is of secondary importance .
Section 94
The truth seems to be that propaganda on its own cannot force its way into unwilling minds ; neither can it inculcate something wholly new ; nor can it keep people persuaded once they have ceased to believe .
It penetrates only into minds already open , and rather than instill opinion it articulates and justifies opinions already present in the minds of its recipients .
The gifted propagandist brings to a boil ideas and passions already simmering in the minds of his hearers .
he echoes their innermost feelings .
Where opinion is not coerced , people can be made to believe only in what they already " know . "
The awareness of their individual blemishes and shortcomings inclines the frustrated to detect ill will and meanness in their fellow men .
Self - contempt , however vague , sharpens our eyes for the imperfections of others .
We usually strive to reveal in others the blemishes we hide in ourselves .
Section 100
Collective unity is not the result of the brotherly love of the faithful for each other .
The loyalty of the true believer is to the whole — the church , party , nation — and not to his fellow true believer .
True loyalty between individuals is possible only in a loose and relatively free society .
Section 101
Part Four : Beginning and End [ edit ]
A movement is pioneered by men of words , materialized by fanatics , and consolidated by men of action .
When the same person or persons ( or the same type of person ) leads a movement from its inception to maturity , it usually ends in disaster .
There are , of course , rare leaders such as Lincoln , Gandhi ...
They do not hesitate to harness man 's hungers and fears to weld a following and make it zealous unto death in the service of a holy cause ; but ... they are not tempted to use the slime of frustrated souls as the mortar in the building of a new world ... for they know that no one can be honorable unless he honors mankind .
Section 113 , Ch. 17 The Practical Men of Action
J. B. S. Haldane counts fanaticism among the only four really important inventions made between 3000 B.C and 1400 A.D. It was a Judaic - Christian invention .
And it is strange to think that in receiving this malady of the soul the world also received a miraculous instrument for raising societies and nations from the dead — an instrument of resurrection .
Section 125 , Ch.18 Good and Bad Mass Movements , citing Haldane 's The Inequality of Man ( 1938 )
The Passionate State Of Mind , and Other Aphorisms ( 1955 ) [ edit ]
art , music ,
The autonomous individual , striving to realize himself and prove his worth , has created all that is great in literature science and technology .
The autonomous individual , also , when he can neither realize himself nor justify his existence by his own efforts , is a breeding call of frustration , and the seed of the convulsions which shake our world to its foundations .
It has often been said that power corrupts .
But it is perhaps equally important to realize that weakness , too , corrupts .
Power corrupts the few , while weakness corrupts the many .
Hatred malice , rudeness , intolerance , and suspicion are the faults of weakness .
The fanatical believer is not conscious of his envy , malice , pettiness and dishonesty .
There is a wall of words between his consciousness and his real self
The real " haves " are they who can acquire freedom , self - confidence , and even riches without depriving others of them .
They acquire all of these by developing and applying their potentialities .
The sick in soul insist that it is humanity that is sick , and they are the surgeons to operate on it .
Compassion is probably the only antitoxin of the soul .
Where there is compassion even the most poisonous impulses remain relatively harmless .
There are many who find a good alibi far more attractive than an achievement .
To know a person 's religion we need not listen to his profession of faith but must find his brand of intolerance .
Rudeness is the weak man 's imitation of strength
To believe that if we could have but this or that we would be happy is to suppress the realization that the cause of our unhappiness is in our inadequate and blemished selves .
Excessive desire is thus a means of suppressing our sense of worthlessness .
Section 6
Every extreme attitude is a flight from the self .
Section 8
The uncompromising attitude is more indicative of an inner uncertainty than of deep conviction .
The implacable stand is directed more against the doubt within than the assailant without .
Section 13
A fateful process is set in motion when the individual is released " to the freedom of his own impotence " and left to justify his existence by his own efforts .
The autonomous individual , striving to realize himself and prove his worth , has created all that is great in literature , art , music , science and technology .
The autonomous individual , also , when he can neither realize himself nor justify his existence by his own efforts , is a breeding call of frustration , and the seed of the convulsions which shake our world to its foundations .
The individual on his own is stable only so long as he is possessed of self - esteem .
The maintenance of self - esteem is a continuous task which taxes all of the individual 's powers and inner resources .
We have to prove our worth and justify our existence anew each day .
When , for whatever reason , self - esteem is unattainable , the autonomous individual becomes a highly explosive entity .
He turns away from an unpromising self and plunges into the pursuit of pride — the explosive substitute for self - esteem .
All social disturbances and upheavals have their roots in crises of individual self - esteem , and the great endeavor in which the masses most readily unite is basically a search for pride .
Section 29
The individual on his own is stable only so long as he is possessed of self - esteem .
The maintenance of self - esteem is a continuous task which taxes all of the individual 's powers and inner resources .
We have to prove our worth and justify our existence anew each day .
When people are free to do as we please , they usually imitate each other .
Section 33
Pride is a sense of worth derived from something that is not organically part of us , while self - esteem derives from the potentialities and achievements of the self .
We are proud when we identify ourselves with an imaginary self , a leader , a holy cause , a collective body or possessions .
There is fear and intolerance in pride ; it is sensitive and uncompromising .
The less promise and potency in the self , the more imperative is the need for pride .
The core of pride is self - rejection .
It is true that when pride releases energies and serves as a spur to achievement , it can lead to a reconciliation with the self and the attainment of genuine self - esteem .
Section 35
It is true that when pride releases energies and serves as a spur to achievement , it can lead to a reconciliation with the self and the attainment of genuine self - esteem .
Whenever we proclaim the uniqueness of a religion , a truth , a leader , a nation , a race , a part or a holy cause , we are also proclaiming our own uniqueness .
Section 37
It has often been said that power corrupts .
But it is perhaps equally important to realize that weakness , too , corrupts .
Power corrupts the few , while weakness corrupts the many .
Hatred , malice , rudeness , intolerance , and suspicion are the faults of weakness .
The resentment of the weak does not spring from any injustice done to them but from the sense of inadequacy and impotence .
They hate not wickedness but weakness .
When it is their power to do so , the weak destroy weakness wherever they see it .
Section 42
The resentment of the weak does not spring from any injustice done to them but from the sense of inadequacy and impotence .
God alone is satisfied with what He is and can proclaim : " I am what I am . "
Unlike God , man strives with all his might to be what he is not .
He incessantly proclaims : " I am what I am not . "
Section 54
To most of us nothing is so invisible as an unpleasant truth .
Though it is held before our eyes , pushed under our noses , rammed down our throats — we know it not .
Section 59
The weakness of a soul is proportionate to the number of truths that must be kept from it .
Section 61
A doctrine insulates the devout not only against the realities around them but also against their own selves .
The fanatical believer is not conscious of his envy , malice , pettiness and dishonesty .
There is a wall of words between his consciousness and his real self .
Section 68
We lie loudest when we lie to ourselves .
Section 70
Those in possession of absolute power can not only prophesy and make their prophecies come true , but they can also lie and make their lies come true .
Section 78
When we believe ourselves in possession of the only truth , we are likely to be indifferent to common everyday truths .
Section 83
Modern man is weighed down more by the burden of responsibility than by the burden of sin .
We think him more a savior who shoulders our responsibilities than him who shoulders our sins .
If instead of making decisions we have but to obey and do our duty , we feel it as a sort of salvation .
Section 84
We think him more a savior who shoulders our responsibilities than him who shoulders our sins .
If instead of making decisions we have but to obey and do our duty , we feel it as a sort of salvation .
The remarkable thing is that we really love our neighbor as ourselves : we do unto others as we do unto ourselves .
We hate others when we hate ourselves .
We are tolerant toward others when we tolerate ourselves .
We forgive others when we forgive ourselves .
We are prone to sacrifice others when we are ready to sacrifice ourselves .
It is not love of self but hatred of self which is at the root of the troubles that afflict our world .
Section 100
: we do unto others as we do unto ourselves .
We hate others when we hate ourselves .
We are tolerant toward others when we tolerate ourselves .
We forgive others when we forgive ourselves .
We are prone to sacrifice others when we are ready to sacrifice ourselves .
The pleasure we derive from doing favors is partly in the feeling it gives us that we are not altogether worthless .
Section 113
The real " haves " are they who can acquire freedom , self - confidence , and even riches without depriving others of them .
They acquire all of these by developing and applying their potentialities .
On the other hand , the real " have nots " are they who cannot have aught except by depriving others of it .
They can feel free only by diminishing the freedom of others , self - confident by spreading fear and dependence among others , and rich by making others poor .
Section 115
Kindness can become its own motive .
We are made kind by being kind .
Section 123
The sick in soul insist that it is humanity that is sick , and they are the surgeons to operate on it .
They want to turn the world into a sickroom .
And once they get humanity strapped to the operating table , they operate on it with an ax .
Section 124
They want to turn the world into a sickroom .
And once they get humanity strapped to the operating table , they operate on it with an ax .
To find the cause of our ills in something outside ourselves , something specific that can be spotted and eliminated , is a diagnosis that cannot fail to appeal .
To say that the cause of our troubles is not in us but in the Jews , and pass immediately to the extermination of the Jews , is a prescription likely to find a wide acceptance .
Section 126
Our credulity is greatest concerning the things we know least about .
And since we know least about ourselves , we are ready to believe all that is said about us .
Hence the mysterious power of both flattery and calumny ....
It is thus with most of us : we are what other people say we are .
We know ourselves chiefly by hearsay .
Sections 128 - 129
And since we know least about ourselves , we are ready to believe all that is said about us .
Hence the mysterious power of both flattery and calumny ....
It is thus with most of us : we are what other people say we are .
Compassion is probably the only antitoxin of the soul .
Where there is compassion even the most poisonous impulses remain relatively harmless .
One would rather see the world run by men who set their hearts on toys but are accessible to pity , than by men animated by lofty ideals whose dedication makes them ruthless .
In the chemistry of man 's soul , almost all noble attributes — courage , honor , hope , faith , duty , loyalty , etc. — can be transmuted into ruthlessness .
Compassion alone stands apart from the continuous traffic between good and evil proceeding within us .
Section 139
One would rather see the world run by men who set their hearts on toys but are accessible to pity , than by men animated by lofty ideals whose dedication makes them ruthless .
In the chemistry of man 's soul , almost all noble attributes — courage , honor , hope , faith , duty , loyalty , etc. — can be transmuted into ruthlessness .
It is compassion rather than the principle of justice which can guard us against being unjust to our fellow men .
Section 140
The only index by which to judge a government or a way of life is by the quality of the people it acts upon .
No matter how noble the objectives of a government , if it blurs decency and kindness , cheapens human life , and breeds ill will and suspicion — it is an evil government .
Section 147
To become different from what we are , we must have some awareness of what we are .
Section 151 , p. 93
No one is truly literate who cannot read his own heart .
Section 159
There are many who find a good alibi far more attractive than an achievement .
For an achievement does not settle anything permanently .
We still have to prove our worth anew each day : we have to prove that we are as good today as we were yesterday .
But when we have a valid alibi for not achieving anything we are fixed , so to speak , for life .
Moreover , when we have an alibi for not writing a book , painting a picture , and so on , we have an alibi for not writing the greatest book and not painting the greatest picture .
Small wonder that the effort expended and the punishment endured in obtaining a good alibi often exceed the effort and grief requisite for the attainment of a most marked achievement .
Section 181
For an achievement does not settle anything permanently .
We still have to prove our worth anew each day : we have to prove that we are as good today as we were yesterday .
But when we have a valid alibi for not achieving anything we are fixed , so to speak , for life .
Moreover , when we have an alibi for not writing a book , painting a picture , and so on , we have an alibi for not writing the greatest book and not painting the greatest picture .
Small wonder that the effort expended and the punishment endured in obtaining a good alibi often exceed the effort and grief requisite for the attainment of a most marked achievement .
Rabid suspicion has nothing in it of skepticism .
The suspicious mind believes more than it doubts .
It believes in a formidable and ineradicable evil lurking in every person .
Section 184
With some people solitariness is an escape not from others but from themselves .
For they see in the eyes of others only a reflection of themselves .
Section 211
To know a person 's religion we need not listen to his profession of faith but must find his brand of intolerance .
Section 215
Add a few drops of venom to a half truth and you have an absolute truth .
Section 216
To spell out the obvious is often to call it in question .
Section 220
You can discover what your enemy fears most by observing the means he uses to frighten you .
Section 222
Take away hatred from some people , and you have men without faith .
Section 225
The fear of becoming a " has been " keeps some people from becoming anything .
Section 231
We usually see only the things we are looking for — so much so that we sometimes see them where they are not .
Section 237
Rudeness is the weak man 's imitation of strength .
Section 241
The search for happiness is one of the chief sources of unhappiness .
Section 280
Not yet placed by section ( These have been cited as being from The Passionate State of Mind but without sectional citations ) :
A preoccupation with the future not only prevents us from seeing the present as it is but often prompts us to rearrange the past .
( 1954 ) , p. 75
The real persuaders are our appetites , our fears and above all our vanity .
The skillful propagandist stirs and coaches these internal persuaders .
The basic test of freedom is perhaps less in what we are free to do than in what we are free not to do .
A ruling intelligentsia , whether in Europe , Asia or Africa , treats the masses as raw material to be experimented on , processed , and wasted at will .
Vehemence is the expression of a blind effort to support and uphold something that can never stand on its own ...
Whether it our own meaningless self we are upholding , or some doctrine devoid of evidence , we can do it only in a frenzy of faith .
There is a powerful craving in most of us to see ourselves as instruments in the hands of others and thus free ourselves from the responsibility for acts which are prompted by our own questionable inclinations and impulses .
The beginning of thought is in disagreement — not only with others but also with ourselves .
It is when power is wedded to chronic fear that it becomes formidable .
Propaganda does not deceive people ; it merely helps them to deceive themselves .
From The Passionate State of Mind , and Other Aphorisms ( 1955 ) , p. 260 ; as cited in The Columbia Dictionary of Quotations , ed. Robert Andrews , Columbia University Press ( 1993 ) , p. 741
The Ordeal of Change ( 1963 ) [ edit ]
It is easier to love humanity as a whole than to love one 's neighbor .
Some of the worst tyrannies of our day genuinely are " vowed " to the service of mankind , yet can function only by pitting neighbor against neighbor .
The all - seeing eye of a totalitarian regime is usually the watchful eye of the next - door neighbor .
Not only does the intellectual 's penchant for tutoring , directing , and regulating promote a regimented social pattern , but his craving for the momentous is bound to foster an austere seriousness inhospitable to the full play of freedom
Absolute power corrupts even when exercised for humane purposes .
The benevolent despot who sees himself as a shepherd of the people still demands from others the submissiveness of sheep .
The taint inherent in absolute power is not its inhumanity but its anti-humanity .
In an adequate social order , the untalented should be able to acquire a sense of usefulness and of growth without interfering with the development of talent around them .
We have to adjust ourselves , and every radical adjustment is a crisis in self - esteem : we undergo a test , we have to prove ourselves .
Ch. 1 : " Drastic Change "
: we undergo a test , we have to prove ourselves .
Not only are oppression and exploitation an old story in Asia , but the colonial regimes of the British in lndia and of the Dutch in lndonesia were fairly beneficent — more so perhaps than any regime those countries ever had or are likely to have for some time .
I am convinced that were the Western colonial powers a hundred times more beneficent , and had they been animated from very beginning by the purest philanthropic motives , their impact on the Orient would still have had the fateful consequences we are witnessing at present .
Ch. 2 : " The Awakening of Asia "
It has often been said that power corrupts .
But it is perhaps equally important to realize that weakness , too , corrupts .
Power corrupts the few , while weakness corrupts the many .
Hatred , malice , rudeness , intolerance , and suspicion are the faults of weakness .
The resentment of the weak does not spring from any injustice done to them but from the sense of inadequacy and impotence .
We cannot win the weak by sharing our wealth with them .
They feel our generosity as oppression .
St. Vincent De Paul cautioned his disciples to deport themselves so that the poor " will forgive them the bread you give them . "
Ch. 2 : " The Awakening of Asia " This passage uses phrases from his earlier work The Passionate State Of Mind , and Other Aphorisms ( 1955 )
The resentment of the weak does not spring from any injustice done to them but from the sense of inadequacy and impotence .
We cannot win the weak by sharing our wealth with them .
They feel our generosity as oppression .
St. Vincent De Paul cautioned his disciples to deport themselves so that the poor " will forgive them the bread you give them . "
There is in even the most selfish passion a large element of self - abnegation .
It is startling to realize that what we call extreme self - seeking is actually self - renunciation .
The miser , health addict , glory chaser and their like are not far behind the selfless in the exercise of self - sacrifice .
Ch. 5 : " The Readiness to Work "
If in order to keep the wheels turning you have to deafen ears with propaganda , crack the whip of Terror , and keep pushing people around , then you have n't got a machine civilization no matter how numerous and ingenious your machines .
Ch. 5 : " The Readiness to Work "
To dispose a soul to action we must upset its equilibrium .
Ch. 5 : " The Readiness to Work "
It is easier to love humanity as a whole than to love one 's neighbor .
There may even be a certain antagonism between love of humanity and love of neighbor ; a low capacity for getting along with those near us often goes hand in hand with a high receptivity to the idea of the brotherhood of men .
About a hundred years ago a Russian landowner by the name of Petrashevsky recorded a remarkable conclusion : " Finding nothing worthy of my attachment either among women or among men , I have vowed myself to the service of mankind . "
He became a follower of Fourier , and installed a phalanstery on his estate .
The end of the experiment was sad , but what one might perhaps have expected : the peasants —
Petrashevsky 's neighbors — burned the phalanstery .
Some of the worst tyrannies of our day genuinely are " vowed " to the service of mankind , yet can function only by pitting neighbor against neighbor .
The all - seeing eye of a totalitarian regime is usually the watchful eye of the next - door neighbor .
In a Communist state love of neighbor may be classed as counter - revolutionary .
Ch. 11 : " Brotherhood "
There may even be a certain antagonism between love of humanity and love of neighbor ; a low capacity for getting along with those near us often goes hand in hand with a high receptivity to the idea of the brotherhood of men .
About a hundred years ago a Russian landowner by the name of Petrashevsky recorded a remarkable conclusion : " Finding nothing worthy of my attachment either among women or among men , I have vowed myself to the service of mankind . "
He became a follower of Fourier , and installed a phalanstery on his estate .
The end of the experiment was sad , but what one might perhaps have expected : the peasants — Petrashevsky 's neighbors — burned the phalanstery .
In a Communist state love of neighbor may be classed as counter - revolutionary .
There can be no freedom without freedom to fail .
Ch. 12 : " Concerning Individual Freedom "
In exceptional cases , like Puerto Rico and Israel , where capital and skills are available , rapid modernization is not incompatible with a considerable measure of individual freedom .
To some extent , the present dominant role of the intellectual in the modernization of backward countries also militates against the prevalence of individual freedom .
Not only does the intellectual 's penchant for tutoring , directing , and regulating promote a regimented social pattern , but his craving for the momentous is bound to foster an austere seriousness inhospitable to the full play of freedom .
The intellectual " transforms the prosaic achievements of society into Promethean tasks , glorious defeats , tragic epics . "
The strained atmosphere of an eternal drama working up toward a climax and a crisis is optimal for heroes and saints but not for the autonomous individual shaping his life to the best of his ability .
The chances are that should an advanced country come into the keeping of the intellectual it would begin to show many of the hectic traits which seem to us characteristic of a backward country in the throes of awakening .
Ch. 12 : " Concerning Individual Freedom "
[ In this passage " transforms the prosaic achievements of society into Promethean tasks , glorious defeats , tragic epics " is a quotation of Raymond Aron from The Opium of the Intellectuals ( 1957 ) , p. xiv ]
To some extent , the present dominant role of the intellectual in the modernization of backward countries also militates against the prevalence of individual freedom .
The intellectual " transforms the prosaic achievements of society into Promethean tasks , glorious defeats , tragic epics . "
The strained atmosphere of an eternal drama working up toward a climax and a crisis is optimal for heroes and saints but not for the autonomous individual shaping his life to the best of his ability .
The chances are that should an advanced country come into the keeping of the intellectual it would begin to show many of the hectic traits which seem to us characteristic of a backward country in the throes of awakening .
To the intellectual the struggle for freedom is more vital than the actuality of a free society .
He would rather " work , fight , talk , for liberty than have it . "
The fact is that up to now the free society has not been good for the intellectual .
It has neither accorded him a superior status to sustain his confidence nor made it easy for him to acquire an unquestioned sense of social usefulness .
For he derives his sense of usefulness mainly from directing , instructing , and planning — from minding other people 's business — and is bound to feel superfluous and neglected where people believe themselves competent to manage individual and communal affairs , and are impatient of supervision and regulation .
A free society is as much a threat to the intellectual 's sense of worth as an automated economy is to the workingman 's sense of worth .
Any social order that can function with a minimum of leadership will be anathema to the intellectual .
The intellectual craves a social order in which uncommon people perform uncommon tasks every day .
He wants a society throbbing with dedication , reverence , and worship .
He sees it as scandalous that the discoveries of science and the feats of heroes should have as their denouement the comfort and affluence of common folk .
A social order run by and for the people is to him a mindless organism motivated by sheer physiologism .
Ch. 12 : " Concerning Individual Freedom " .
[ In this passage " work , fight , talk , for liberty than have it " is a quotation of Lincoln Steffens from The Autobiography of Lincoln Steffens ( 1931 ) , p. 635 ]
The intellectual craves a social order in which uncommon people perform uncommon tasks every day .
He wants a society throbbing with dedication , reverence , and worship .
He sees it as scandalous that the discoveries of science and the feats of heroes should have as their denouement the comfort and affluence of common folk .
A social order run by and for the people is to him a mindless organism motivated by sheer physiologism .
The explosive component in the contemporary scene is not the clamor of the masses but the self - righteous claims of a multitude of graduates from schools and universities .
This army of scribes is clamoring for a society in which planning , regulation , and supervision are paramount and the prerogative of the educated .
They hanker for the scribe 's golden age , for a return to something like the scribe - dominated societies of ancient Egypt , China , and Europe of the Middle Ages .
There is little doubt that the present trend in the new and renovated countries toward social regimentation stems partly from the need to create adequate employment for a large number of scribes .
And since the tempo of the production of the literate is continually increasing , the prospect is of ever - swelling bureaucracies .
Ch. 13 : " Scribe , Writer , and Rebel "
They hanker for the scribe 's golden age , for a return to something like the scribe - dominated societies of ancient Egypt , China , and Europe of the Middle Ages .
There is little doubt that the present trend in the new and renovated countries toward social regimentation stems partly from the need to create adequate employment for a large number of scribes .
And since the tempo of the production of the literate is continually increasing , the prospect is of ever - swelling bureaucracies .
It has been often stated that a social order is likely to be stable so long as it gives scope to talent .
Actually , it is the ability to give scope to the untalented that is most vital in maintaining social stability .
For not only are the untalented more numerous but , since they cannot transmute their grievances into a creative effort , their disaffection will be more pronounced and explosive .
Thus the most troublesome problem which confronts social engineering is how to provide for the untalented and , what is equally important , how to provide against them .
For there is a tendency in the untalented to divert their energies from their own development into the management , manipulation , and probably frustration of others .
They want to police , instruct , guide , and meddle .
In an adequate social order , the untalented should be able to acquire a sense of usefulness and of growth without interfering with the development of talent around them .
This requires , first , an abundance of opportunities for purposeful action and self advancement .
Secondly , a wide diffusion of technical and social skills so that people will be able to work and manage their affairs with a minimum of tutelage .
The scribe mentality is best neutralized by canalizing energies into purposeful and useful pursuits , and by raising the cultural level of the whole population so as to blur the dividing line between the educated and the uneducated .
If such an arrangement lacks provisions for the encouragement of the talented it yet has the merit of not interfering with them .
Ch. 13 : " Scribe , Writer , and Rebel "
For not only are the untalented more numerous but , since they cannot transmute their grievances into a creative effort , their disaffection will be more pronounced and explosive .
Thus the most troublesome problem which confronts social engineering is how to provide for the untalented and , what is equally important , how to provide against them .
For there is a tendency in the untalented to divert their energies from their own development into the management , manipulation , and probably frustration of others .
They want to police , instruct , guide , and meddle .
This requires , first , an abundance of opportunities for purposeful action and self advancement .
Secondly , a wide diffusion of technical and social skills so that people will be able to work and manage their affairs with a minimum of tutelage .
The scribe mentality is best neutralized by canalizing energies into purposeful and useful pursuits , and by raising the cultural level of the whole population so as to blur the dividing line between the educated and the uneducated .
If such an arrangement lacks provisions for the encouragement of the talented it yet has the merit of not interfering with them .
One should see the dominant role of the weak in shaping man 's fate not as a perversion of natural instincts and vital impulses , but as the starting point of the deviation which led man to break away from , and rise above , nature — not as degeneration but as the generation of a new order of creation .
The corruption inherent in absolute power derives from the fact that such power is never free from the tendency to turn man into a thing , and press him back into the matrix of nature from which he has risen .
For the impulse of power is to turn every variable into a constant , and give to commands the inexorableness and relentlessness of laws of nature .
Hence absolute power corrupts even when exercised for humane purposes .
The benevolent despot who sees himself as a shepherd of the people still demands from others the submissiveness of sheep .
The taint inherent in absolute power is not its inhumanity but its anti-humanity .
Ch. 15 : " The Unnaturalness Of Human Nature "
The weak are not a noble breed .
Their sublime deeds of faith , daring , and self - sacrifice usually spring from questionable motives .
The weak hate not wickedness but weakness ; and one instance of their hatred of weakness is hatred of self .
All the passionate pursuits of the weak are in some degree a striving to escape , blur , or disguise an unwanted self .
It is a striving shot through with malice , envy , self - deception , and a host of petty impulses ; yet it often culminates in superb achievements .
Thus we find that people who fail in everyday affairs often show a tendency to reach out for the impossible .
They become responsive to grandiose schemes , and will display unequaled steadfastness , formidable energies and a special fitness in the performance of tasks which would stump superior people .
It seems paradoxical that defeat in dealing with the possible should embolden people to attempt the impossible , but a familiarity with the mentality of the weak reveals that what seems a path of daring is actually an easy way out :
It is to escape the responsibility for failure that the weak so eagerly throw themselves into grandiose undertakings .
For when we fail in attaining the possible the blame is solely ours , but when we fail in attaining the impossible we are justified in attributing it to the magnitude of the task .
Ch. 15 : " The Unnaturalness Of Human Nature "
All the passionate pursuits of the weak are in some degree a striving to escape , blur , or disguise an unwanted self .
It is a striving shot through with malice , envy , self - deception , and a host of petty impulses ; yet it often culminates in superb achievements .
Thus we find that people who fail in everyday affairs often show a tendency to reach out for the impossible .
They become responsive to grandiose schemes , and will display unequaled steadfastness , formidable energies and a special fitness in the performance of tasks which would stump superior people .
It seems paradoxical that defeat in dealing with the possible should embolden people to attempt the impossible , but a familiarity with the mentality of the weak reveals that what seems a path of daring is actually an easy way out :
It is to escape the responsibility for failure that the weak so eagerly throw themselves into grandiose undertakings .
For when we fail in attaining the possible the blame is solely ours , but when we fail in attaining the impossible we are justified in attributing it to the magnitude of the task .
The Temper of Our Time ( 1967 ) [ edit ]
Free men are aware of the imperfection inherent in human affairs , and they are willing to fight and die for that which is not perfect . …
The rejection of approximations and the insistence on absolutes are the manifestation of a nihilism that loathes freedom tolerance , and equity
The ratio between supervisory and producing personnel is always highest where the intellectuals are in power .
In a Communist country it takes half the population to supervise the other half .
One would like to see mankind spend the balance of the century in a total effort to clean up and groom the surface of the globe — wipe out the jungles , turn deserts and swamps into arable land , terrace barren mountains , regulate rivers , eradicate all pests , control the weather , and make the whole land mass a fit habitation for Man .
The globe should be our and not nature 's home , and we no longer nature 's guests .
Free men are aware of the imperfection inherent in human affairs , and they are willing to fight and die for that which is not perfect .
They know that basic human problems can have no final solutions , that our freedom , justice , equality , etc. are far from absolute , and that the good life is compounded of half measures , compromises , lesser evils , and gropings toward the perfect .
The rejection of approximations and the insistence on absolutes are the manifestation of a nihilism that loathes freedom , tolerance , and equity .
Up to now , America has not been a good milieu for the rise of a mass movement .
What starts out here as a mass movement ends up as a racket , a cult , or a corporation .
Frequently misquoted as " Every great cause begins as a movement , becomes a business , and eventually degenerates into a racket . "
The attitude of the intellectual community toward America is shaped not by the creative few but by the many who for one reason or another cannot transmute their dissatisfaction into a creative impulse , and cannot acquire a sense of uniqueness and of growth by developing and expressing their capacities and talents .
There is nothing in contemporary America that can cure or alleviate their chronic frustration .
They want power , lordship , and opportunities for imposing action .
Even if we should banish poverty from the land , lift up the Negro to true equality , withdraw from Vietnam , and give half of the national income as foreign aid , they will still see America as an air - conditioned nightmare unfit for them to live in .
Israel 's Peculiar Position ( 1968 ) [ edit ]
The Jews are a peculiar people : things permitted to other nations are forbidden to the Jews .
The Jews are a peculiar people : things permitted to other nations are forbidden to the Jews .
Other nations drive out thousands , even millions of people and there is no refugee problem .
Russia did it , Poland and Czechoslovakia did it , Turkey threw out a million Greeks , and Algeria a million Frenchman .
Indonesia threw out heaven knows how many Chinese — and no one says a word about refugees .
But in the case of Israel the displaced Arabs have become eternal refugees .
Everyone insists that Israel must take back every single Arab .
Arnold J. Toynbee calls the displacement of the Arabs an atrocity greater than any committed by the Nazis .
Other nations when victorious on the battlefield dictate peace terms .
But when Israel is victorious it must sue for peace .
Everyone expects the Jews to be the only real Christians in this world .
Other nations when they are defeated survive and recover but should Israel be defeated it would be destroyed .
Had Nasser triumphed last June he would have wiped Israel off the map , and no one would have lifted a finger to save the Jews .
No commitment to the Jews by any government , including our own , is worth the paper it is written on .
There is a cry of outrage all over the world when people die in Vietnam or when two Negroes are executed in Rhodesia .
But when Hitler slaughtered Jews no one remonstrated with him .
The Swedes , who are ready to break off diplomatic relations with America because of what we do in Vietnam , did not let out a peep when Hitler was slaughtering Jews .
They sent Hitler choice iron ore , and ball bearings , and serviced his troop trains to Norway .
Yet at this moment Israel is our only reliable and unconditional ally .
We can rely more on Israel than Israel can rely on us .
And one has only to imagine what would have happened last summer had the Arabs and their Russian backers won the war to realize how vital the survival of Israel is to America and the West in general .
Working and Thinking on the Waterfront ( 1969 ) [ edit ]
You accept certain unlovely things about yourself and manage to live with them .
The atonement for such an acceptance is that you make allowances for others — that you cleanse yourself of the sin of self - righteousness
People unfit for freedom — who cannot do much with it — are hungry for power .
The desire for freedom is an attribute of a " have " type of self .
It says : leave me alone and I shall grow , learn , and realize my capacities .
…
Freedom gives us a chance to realize our human and individual uniqueness .
Working and Thinking on the Waterfront : A Journal : June 1958 - May 1959
You accept certain unlovely things about yourself and manage to live with them .
The atonement for such an acceptance is that you make allowances for others — that you cleanse yourself of the sin of self - righteousness .
Journal entry ( 30 October 1958 , 6:30 am )
There is , for instance , the fact that there is a greater readiness to work in a society with a high standard of living than in one with a low standard .
We are more ready to strive and work for superfluities than for necessities .
People who are clear - sighted , undeluded , and sober - minded will not go on working once their reasonable needs are satisfied .
A society that refuses to strive for superfluities is likely to end up lacking in necessities .
The readiness to work springs from trivial , questionable motives . …
A vigorous society is a society made up of people who set their hearts on toys , and who would work for superfluities than for necessities .
The self - righteous moralists decry such a society , yet it is well to keep in mind that both children and artists need luxuries more than they need necessities .
Journal entry ( 22 February1959 , 8:15 P.M. )
… A vigorous society is a society made up of people who set their hearts on toys , and who would work for superfluities than for necessities .
The self - righteous moralists decry such a society , yet it is well to keep in mind that both children and artists need luxuries more than they need necessities .
The significant point is that people unfit for freedom — who cannot do much with it — are hungry for power .
The desire for freedom is an attribute of a " have " type of self .
It says : leave me alone and I shall grow , learn , and realize my capacities .
The desire for power is basically an attribute of a " have - not " type of self .
If Hitler had had the talents and the temperament of a genuine artist , if Stalin had had the capacity to become a first - rate theoretician , if Napoleon had had the makings of a great poet or philosopher they would hardly have developed the all - consuming lust for absolute power .
Freedom gives us a chance to realize our human and individual uniqueness .
Absolute power can also bestow uniqueness : to have absolute power is to have the power to reduce all the people around us to puppets , robots , toys , or animals , and be the only man in sight .
Absolute power achieves uniqueness by dehumanizing others .
To sum up :
Those who lack the capacity to achieve much in an atmosphere of freedom will clamor for power .
Journal entry ( 28 March 1959 )
The desire for power is basically an attribute of a " have - not " type of self .
If Hitler had had the talents and the temperament of a genuine artist , if Stalin had had the capacity to become a first - rate theoretician , if Napoleon had had the makings of a great poet or philosopher they would hardly have developed the all - consuming lust for absolute power .
Absolute power can also bestow uniqueness : to have absolute power is to have the power to reduce all the people around us to puppets , robots , toys , or animals , and be the only man in sight .
To sum up :
First Things , Last Things ( 1971 ) [ edit ]
If it is to survive , a just society must be strong and resolute enough to deal swiftly and relentlessly with those who would mistake its good will for weakness
A just society must strive with all its might to right wrongs even if righting wrongs is a highly perilous undertaking .
But if it is to survive , a just society must be strong and resolute enough to deal swiftly and relentlessly with those who would mistake its good will for weakness .
Ch. 8 " Thoughts on the Present "
When cowardice becomes a fashion its adherents are without number , and it masquerades as forbearance , reasonableness and whatnot .
Ch. 8 " Thoughts on the Present "
Social stability is the product of an equilibrium between a vigorous majority and violent minorities .
Disorder does not come from an increased inner pressure or from the interaction of explosive ingredients .
There is no reason to believe that the nature of the violent minorities is now greatly different from what it was in the past .
What has changed is the will and ability of the majority to react .
It is hard to tell what causes the pervasive timidity .
One thinks of video - induced stupor , intake of tranquilizers , fear of not living to enjoy the many new possessions and toys , the example of our betters in cities and on campuses who high - mindedly surrender to threats of violence and make cowardice fashionable .
Ch. 8 " Thoughts on the Present "
It is hard to tell what causes the pervasive timidity .
One thinks of video - induced stupor , intake of tranquilizers , fear of not living to enjoy the many new possessions and toys , the example of our betters in cities and on campuses who high - mindedly surrender to threats of violence and make cowardice fashionable .
The elites are finally catching up with us .
We can hear the swish of leather as saddles are heaved on our backs .
The intellectuals and the young , booted and spurred , feel themselves born to ride us .
p. 65
Reflections on the Human Condition ( 1973 ) [ edit ]
Good and evil grow up together and are bound in an equilibrium that cannot be sundered .
The most we can do is try to tilt the equilibrium toward the good .
In a time of drastic change it is the learners who inherit the future .
The learned usually find themselves equipped to live in a world that no longer exists .
Good and evil grow up together and are bound in an equilibrium that cannot be sundered .
The most we can do is try to tilt the equilibrium toward the good .
Section 26
Man is a luxury - loving animal .
Take away play , fancies , and luxuries , and you will turn man into a dull , sluggish creature , barely energetic enough to obtain a bare subsistence .
A society becomes stagnant when its people are too rational or too serious to be tempted by baubles .
Section 28
The Savior who wants to turn men into angels is as much a hater of human nature as the totalitarian despot who wants to turn them into puppets .
There are similarities between absolute power and absolute faith : a demand for absolute obedience ; a readiness to attempt the impossible ; a bias for simple solutions — to cut the knot rather than unravel it ; the viewing of compromise as surrender ; the tendency to manipulate people and " experiment with blood . "
Both absolute power and absolute faith are instruments of dehumanization .
Hence absolute faith corrupts as absolutely as absolute power .
Section 13 ; often the final portion of this is quoted alone as : " Absolute faith corrupts as absolutely as absolute power . "
There are similarities between absolute power and absolute faith : a demand for absolute obedience ; a readiness to attempt the impossible ; a bias for simple solutions — to cut the knot rather than unravel it ; the viewing of compromise as surrender ; the tendency to manipulate people and " experiment with blood . "
The central task of education is to implant a will and a facility for learning ; it should produce not learned but learning people .
The truly human society is a learning society , where grandparents , parents , and children are students together .
In a time of drastic change it is the learners who inherit the future .
The learned usually find themselves equipped to live in a world that no longer exists .
Section 32
It is the malady of our age that the young are so busy teaching us that they have no time left to learn .
Section 33
The Paleolithic hunters who painted the unsurpassed animal murals on the ceiling of the cave at Altamira had only rudimentary tools .
Art is older than production for use , and play older than work .
Man was shaped less by what he had to do than by what he did in playful moments .
It is the child in man that is the source of his uniqueness and creativeness , and the playground is the optimal milieu for the unfolding of his capacities .
p. 20
Commitment becomes hysterical when those who have nothing to give advocate generosity , and those who have nothing to give up preach renunciation .
Section 44
Nature has no compassion .
Nature accepts no excuses and the only punishment it knows is death .
Section 36
An empty head is not really empty ; it is stuffed with rubbish .
Hence the difficulty of forcing anything into an empty head .
It is a talent of the weak to persuade themselves that they suffer for something when they suffer from something ; that they are showing the way when they are running away ; that they see the light when they feel the heat ; that they are chosen when they are shunned .
Section 49
Nonconformists travel as a rule in bunches .
You rarely find a nonconformist who goes it alone .
And woe to him inside a nonconformist clique who does not conform with nonconformity .
Section 50
The history of this country was made largely by people who wanted to be left alone .
Those who could not thrive when left to themselves never felt at ease in America .
Section 53
We take for granted the need to escape the self .
Yet the self can also be a refuge .
In totalitarian countries the great hunger is for private life .
Absorption in the minutiae of an individual existence is the only refuge from the apocalyptic madhouse staged by maniacal saviors of humanity .
Section 55
The ignorant are a reservoir of daring ...
One wonders whether a generation that demands instant satisfaction of all its needs and instant solution of the world 's problems will produce anything of lasting value .
Such a generation , even when equipped with the most modern technology , will be essentially primitive — it will stand in awe of nature , and submit to the tutelage of medicine men .
Section 60
Such a generation , even when equipped with the most modern technology , will be essentially primitive — it will stand in awe of nature , and submit to the tutelage of medicine men .
They who lack talent expect things to happen without effort .
They ascribe failure to a lack of inspiration or ability , or to misfortune , rather than to insufficient application .
At the core of every true talent there is an awareness of the difficulties inherent in any achievement , and the confidence that by persistence and patience something worthwhile will be realized .
Thus talent is a species of vigor .
Section 77
They ascribe failure to a lack of inspiration or ability , or to misfortune , rather than to insufficient application .
At the core of every true talent there is an awareness of the difficulties inherent in any achievement , and the confidence that by persistence and patience something worthwhile will be realized .
Thus talent is a species of vigor .
What monstrosities would walk the streets were some people 's faces as unfinished as their minds .
Section 89
If in some manner the voice of an individual reaches us from the remotest distance of time , it is a timeless voice speaking about ourselves .
The ignorant are a reservoir of daring .
It almost seems that those who have yet to discover the known are particularly equipped for dealing with the unknown .
The unlearned have often rushed in where the learned feared to tread , and it is the credulous who are tempted to attempt the impossible .
They know not whither they are going , and give chance a chance .
Section 124
It almost seems that those who have yet to discover the known are particularly equipped for dealing with the unknown .
The unlearned have often rushed in where the learned feared to tread , and it is the credulous who are tempted to attempt the impossible .
They know not whither they are going , and give chance a chance .
To the excessively fearful the chief characteristic of power is its arbitrariness .
Man had to gain enormously in confidence before he could conceive an all - powerful God who obeys his own laws .
Section 163
The end comes when we no longer talk with ourselves .
It is the end of genuine thinking and the beginning of the final loneliness .
The remarkable thing is that the cessation of the inner dialogue marks also the end of our concern with the world around us .
It is as if we noted the world and think about it only when we have to report it to ourselves .
Section 165
The remarkable thing is that the cessation of the inner dialogue marks also the end of our concern with the world around us .
It is as if we noted the world and think about it only when we have to report it to ourselves .
That which is unique and worthwhile in us makes itself felt only in flashes .
If we do not know how to catch and savor the flashes we are without growth and exhilaration .
The hardest arithmetic to master is that which enables us to count our blessings .
Section 172
Our greatest weariness comes from work not done .
Section 178
It is the individual only who is timeless .
Societies , cultures , and civilizations — past and present — are often incomprehensible to outsiders , but the individual 's hunger , anxieties , dreams , and preoccupations have remained unchanged through the millennia .
Thus , we are up against the paradox that the individual who is more complex , unpredictable , and mysterious than any communal entity is the one nearest to our understanding ; so near that even the interval of millennia cannot weaken our feeling of kinship .
If in some manner the voice of an individual reaches us from the remotest distance of time , it is a timeless voice speaking about ourselves .
Section 183
Societies , cultures , and civilizations — past and present — are often incomprehensible to outsiders , but the individual 's hunger , anxieties , dreams , and preoccupations have remained unchanged through the millennia .
Thus , we are up against the paradox that
Both the revolutionary and the creative individual are perpetual juveniles .
The revolutionary does not grow up because he cannot grow , while the creative individual cannot grow up because he keeps growing .
p. 62
A war is not won if the defeated enemy has not been turned into a friend .
p. 127
That which is unique and worthwhile in us makes itself felt only in flashes .
If we do not know how to catch and savor the flashes we are without growth and exhilaration .
Also quoted in Between the Devil and the Dragon : The Best Essays and Aphorisms of Eric Hoffer ( 1982 )
In Our Time ( 1976 ) [ edit ]
The monstrous evils of the twentieth century have shown us that the greediest money grubbers are gentle doves compared with money - hating wolves like Lenin , Stalin , and Hitler , who in less than three decades killed or maimed nearly a hundred million men , women , and children and brought untold suffering to a large portion of mankind .
" Money " p. 37
Ours is a golden age of minorities .
At no time in the past have dissident minorities felt so much at home and had so much room to throw their weight around .
They speak and act as if they were " the people , " and what they abominate most is the dissent of the majority .
" The Trend Toward Anarchy , " p. 52
Before the Sabbath ( 1979 ) [ edit ]
The best education will not immunize a person against corruption by power .
The best education does not automatically make people compassionate .
We know this more clearly than any preceding generation .
Our time has seen the best - educated society , situated in the heart of the most civilized part of the world , give birth to the most murderously vengeful government in history .
Forty years ago the philosopher Alfred North Whitehead thought it self - evident that you would get a good government if you took power out of the hands of the acquisitive and gave it to the learned and the cultivated .
At present , a child in kindergarten knows better than that .
p. 40 - 41
The best education does not automatically make people compassionate .
We know this more clearly than any preceding generation .
Our time has seen the best - educated society , situated in the heart of the most civilized part of the world , give birth to the most murderously vengeful government in history .
Forty years ago the philosopher Alfred North Whitehead thought it self - evident that you would get a good government if you took power out of the hands of the acquisitive and gave it to the learned and the cultivated .
At present , a child in kindergarten knows better than that .
I hang onto my prejudices , they are the testicles of my mind .
p. 79
The Renaissance was a time of mercenary soldiers , ours is a time of mercenary labor .
Eric Hoffer and the Art of the Notebook ( 2005 ) [ edit ]
Quotations from Hoffer 's notebook entries as quoted in " Eric Hoffer and the Art of the Notebook " by Tom Bethell in Harper 's Magazine ( July 2005 )
A profound thought is an exciting thing — as exciting as a detective 's deductions or hunches .
The simpler the words in which a thought is expressed the more stimulating its effect .
I am more and more convinced that taking life over - seriously is a frivolous thing .
The path of self - realization , even when it is the only open one , is taken with reluctance .
Men of talent have to be goaded to engage in creative work .
The groans and laments of even the most gifted and prolific echo through the ages .
The most important point is — and remains — not to take oneself seriously .
There is hardly a single instance of cultural vigor marked by moderation in expression
To think out a problem is not unlike drawing a caricature .
You have to exaggerate the salient point and leave out that which is not typical .
" To illustrate a principle , " says Bagehot , " you must exaggerate much and you must omit much . "
As to the quantity of absolute truth in a thought : it seems to me the more comprehensive and unobjectionable a thought becomes , the more clumsy and unexciting it gets .
I like half - truths of a certain kind — they are interesting and they stimulate .
Entry ( 1950 )
" To illustrate a principle , " says Bagehot , " you must exaggerate much and you must omit much . "
As to the quantity of absolute truth in a thought : it seems to me the more comprehensive and unobjectionable a thought becomes , the more clumsy and unexciting it gets .
There is no reason why the profoundest thoughts should not make easy and exciting reading .
A profound thought is an exciting thing — as exciting as a detective 's deductions or hunches .
The simpler the words in which a thought is expressed the more stimulating its effect .
Entry ( 1950 )
Perhaps people throw themselves into heated polemics to give content to their lives , to warm their hearts .
What Luther said of hatred is true of all quarreling .
There is nothing like a feud to make life seem full and interesting .
Entry ( 1950 )
It is not good for our efforts at self - realization to know the opinions other people have of us .
It is difficult or perhaps impossible to be ourselves if we are known .
Entry ( 1951 )
What merit there is in my thinking is derived from two peculiarities : ( 1 ) My inability to be familiar with anything .
I simply can't take things for granted .
( 2 ) My endless patience .
I assume that the only way to find an answer is to hang on long enough and keep groping .
Entry ( 1951 )
I am more and more convinced that taking life over - seriously is a frivolous thing .
There is an affected self - dramatizing in the brooding over one 's prospects and destiny .
The trifling attitude of an Ecclesiastes is essentially sober and serious .
It is in closer touch with the so - called eternal truths than are the most penetrating metaphysical probing and the most sensitive poetic insights .
Entry ( 1952 )
There is an affected self - dramatizing in the brooding over one 's prospects and destiny .
The trifling attitude of an Ecclesiastes is essentially sober and serious .
It is in closer touch with the so - called eternal truths than are the most penetrating metaphysical probing and the most sensitive poetic insights .
This food - and - shelter theory concerning man 's efforts is without insight .
Our most persistent and spectacular efforts are concerned not with the preservation of what we are but with the building up of an imaginary conception of ourselves in the opinion of others .
The desire for praise is more imperative than the desire for food and shelter .
Entry ( 1952 )
Our most persistent and spectacular efforts are concerned not with the preservation of what we are but with the building up of an imaginary conception of ourselves in the opinion of others .
The chief difference between me and others is that I have plenty of time — not only because I am without a multitude of responsibilities and without daily tasks , which demand attention :
But also because I am basically without ambition .
Neither the present nor the future has claims on me .
Entry ( 1952 )
The sense of worth derived from creative work depends upon " recognition " by others , which is never automatic .
As a result , the path of self - realization , even when it is the only open one , is taken with reluctance .
Men of talent have to be goaded to engage in creative work .
The groans and laments of even the most gifted and prolific echo through the ages .
Entry ( 1953 )
Thinking with me is like looking for a person whose address I do n't know .
I stand on a street corner all day long waiting for him to pass by .
Certainly there are more efficient ways of locating a person whose address you do n't know .
But if you have a whole lifetime to wait and enjoy watching things go by , then waiting on street corners is as good a method as any .
If you do n't find the person you are looking for , you might meet someone else .
Entry ( 1953 )
To think for oneself is not only , as Gide said , counterrevolutionary but also apostasy and , at certain times , treason .
Entry ( 1953 )
By circumstance and perhaps also by inclination , I think in complete intellectual isolation .
To expect others to help me think seems to me almost like expecting them to help me digest my food .
Entry ( 1954 )
The most important point is — and remains — not to take oneself seriously .
There is no past , and , certainly , no future .
There are but a few years — ten at the most .
You pass your days as best you can , doing as little harm as possible .
Let the desires be few and treat expectations as weeds .
You read , scribble as the spirit moves you , hear some new music , see every week the few people you are attached to .
Again : guard yourself , above all , against self - dramatization , a feeling of importance , and the sprouting of expectations .
Entry ( 1954 )
There is no past , and , certainly , no future .
There are but a few years — ten at the most .
You pass your days as best you can , doing as little harm as possible .
Let the desires be few and treat expectations as weeds .
You read , scribble as the spirit moves you , hear some new music , see every week the few people you are attached to .
Again : guard yourself , above all , against self - dramatization , a feeling of importance , and the sprouting of expectations .
It is precisely because we can never really know ourselves , but only guess , that we are so vehement about the good and the evil ascribed to us by others .
In maintaining ourselves against all comers , we are maintaining something that is unknown , uncertain , and never wholly provable .
We need a chorus of consent , and we are engaged in an unceasing proselytizing campaign in our own behalf .
Entry ( 1954 )
How terribly hard and almost impossible it is to tell the truth .
More than anything else , the artist in us prevents us from telling aught as it really happened .
We deal with the truth as the cook deals with meat and vegetables .
Entry ( 1954 )
More than anything else , the artist in us prevents us from telling aught as it really happened .
We deal with the truth as the cook deals with meat and vegetables .
In products of the human mind , simplicity marks the end of a process of refining , while complexity marks a primitive stage .
Michelangelo 's definition of art as the purgation of superfluities suggests that the creative effort consists largely in the elimination of that which complicates and confuses a pattern Entry ( 1954 )
Michelangelo 's definition of art as the purgation of superfluities suggests that the creative effort consists largely in the elimination of that which complicates and confuses a pattern
A multitude of words is probably the most formidable means of blurring and obscuring thought .
There is no thought , however momentous , that cannot be expressed lucidly in 200 words .
Entry ( 1954 )
It is the Frenchman 's readiness to exaggerate that is at the root of his intellectual lucidity and also of his capacity for acknowledging merit .
The English were not afraid to exaggerate in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries , and they were then not far behind the French in the lucidity of their thinking ....
There is hardly a single instance of cultural vigor marked by moderation in expression .
Entry ( 1954 )
It has been my experience that there is no substitute for time where thinking is concerned .
Why is it so ?
The answer seems to be that in many cases to think means to be able to allow the mind to stray from the task at hand .
The mind must be able to be " elsewhere . "
This needs time .
Entry ( 1955 )
Our doubts about ourselves cannot be banished except by working at that which is the one and only thing we know we ought to do .
Other people 's assertions cannot silence the howling dirge within us .
It is our talents rusting unused within us that secrete the poison of self - doubt into our bloodstream .
Entry ( 1955 )
Other people 's assertions cannot silence the howling dirge within us .
It is our talents rusting unused within us that secrete the poison of self - doubt into our bloodstream .
We are ready to die for an opinion but not for a fact : indeed , it is by our readiness to die that we try to prove the factualness of our opinion .
Entry ( 1955 )
The impulse to think , to philosophize and spin beauty and brilliance out of mind and soul , is somehow the offspring of resistance — of an effort to overcome an apparently insurmountable obstacle .
Hence cultural creativeness is more likely to flourish in an atmosphere of restriction , of an imposed pattern of thought and behavior , than in one of total freedom .
Entry ( 1956 )
One is not quite certain that creativeness in the arts , literature , and science functions best in an environment of absolute freedom .
Chances are that a relatively mild tyranny stimulates creativeness .
Entry ( 1956 )
Good writing , like gold , combines lustrous lucidity with high density .
What this means is good writing is packed with hints .
Actual creativeness is a matter of moments .
One has to piece together the minute grains to make a lump .
And it is so easy to miss the momentary flashes , it is like sluicing in placer mining .
He who lets the flakes float by has nothing to show for his trouble .
Entry ( 1956 )
One has to piece together the minute grains to make a lump .
And it is so easy to miss the momentary flashes , it is like sluicing in placer mining .
He who lets the flakes float by has nothing to show for his trouble .
Universities are an example of organizations dominated wholly by intellectuals ; yet , outside pure science , they have not been an optimal milieu for the unfolding of creative talents .
In neither art , music , literature , technology and social theory , nor planning have the Universities figured as originators or as seedbeds of new talents and energies .
Entry ( 1956 )
It is apparently vital that we should be in the dark about ourselves — not to be clear about our intentions , fears , and hopes .
There is a stubborn effort in us to set up a compact screen between consciousness and the self .
Entry ( 1956 )
To overestimate the originality of one 's thoughts is perhaps a less serious defect than being unaware of their newness .
There is a more pronounced lack of sensitivity in underestimating ( ourselves and others ) than in overestimating .
Entry ( 1957 )
Good writing , like gold , combines lustrous lucidity with high density .
What this means is good writing is packed with hints .
Entry ( 1957 )
Those who discover things for themselves and express them in their own way are not overly bothered by the fact that others have already discovered these things — have even discovered them over and over again — and have expressed what they found in all manner of ways .
I have never felt that I had a thought too profound for others to understand .
On the contrary , it always seemed to me axiomatic that what was clear to me should be clear and easy to everyone else .
This despite the fact that it often took me years to grope my way to an idea ....
I can spend days and even months on a single sentence .
I do not know how to skip .
To think and write with me is like putting brick on brick .
Entry ( 1959 )
How rare it is to come across a piece of writing that is unambiguous , unqualified , and also unblurred by understatements or subtleties , and yet at the same time urbane and tolerant .
It is a vice of the scientific method when applied to human affairs that it fosters hemming and hawing and a scrupulousness that easily degenerates into obscurity and meaninglessness .
Entry ( 1960 )
It is a vice of the scientific method when applied to human affairs that it fosters hemming and hawing and a scrupulousness that easily degenerates into obscurity and meaninglessness .
Flaubert and Nietzsche have emphasized the importance of standing up and walking in the process of thinking .
The peripatetics were perhaps motivated by the same awareness .
Yet purposeful walking — what we call marching — is an enemy of thought and is used as a powerful instrument for the suppression of independent thought and the inculcation of unquestioned obedience .
Entry ( 1960 )
Total innovation is a flight from comparison and also from imitation .
Those who discover things for themselves and express them in their own way are not overly bothered by the fact that others have already discovered these things — have even discovered them over and over again — and have expressed what they found in all manner of ways .
Entry ( 1960 )
What counts most is holding on .
The growth of a train of thought is not a direct forward flow .
There is a succession of spurts separated by intervals of stagnation , frustration , and discouragement .
If you hold on , there is bound to come a certain clarification .
The unessential components drop off and a coherent , lucid whole begins to take shape .
Entry ( 1961 )
The growth of a train of thought is not a direct forward flow .
There is a succession of spurts separated by intervals of stagnation , frustration , and discouragement .
If you hold on , there is bound to come a certain clarification .
The unessential components drop off and a coherent , lucid whole begins to take shape .
Originality is not something continuous but something intermittent — a flash of the briefest duration .
One must have the time and be watchful ( be attuned ) to catch the flash and fix it .
Originality is not something continuous but something intermittent — a flash of the briefest duration .
One must have the time and be watchful ( be attuned ) to catch the flash and fix it .
One must know how to catch and preserve these scant flakes of gold sluiced out of the sand and rocks of everyday life .
Originality does not come nugget - size .
Entry ( 1961 )
One must know how to catch and preserve these scant flakes of gold sluiced out of the sand and rocks of everyday life .
Originality does not come nugget - size .
A good sentence is a key .
It unlocks the mind of the reader .
A good sentence is a key .
It unlocks the mind of the reader .
Entry ( 1962 )
As a full - time longshoreman I am necessarily more a scribbler than a writer .
But I am also so by inclination .
The writing I can enjoy is the sketching of an idea in a few dozen words — two hundred at most .
Elaboration and expansion are for me hard going .
An article of several thousand words becomes inevitably a mosaic of ideas — a series of ideas stuck together .
Entry ( 1962 )
Some people have no original ideas because they do not think well enough of themselves to consider their ideas worth noticing and developing .
Entry ( 1967 )
Disraeli felt that " nothing could compensate his obscure youth , not even a glorious old age . "
Practically all writers and artists are aware of their destiny and see themselves as actors in a fateful drama .
With me , nothing is momentous : obscure youth , glorious old age , fateful coincidences — nothing really matters .
I have written a number of good sentences .
I have kept free of delusions .
I know I am going to die soon .
Entry ( 1977 )
I could never figure out — or probably did not take the trouble to figure out — what the great philosophical problems are about .
The momentous statements I come across are at best a storm in a teacup .
There are quite a number of people who have a vested interest in the stuff , make a noble living out of it , and they conspire with one another to keep it alive .
Entry ( 1977 )
In all my life I never competed for fortune , for a woman , or for fame .
I learned to write in total isolation .
My first work was also my best , and the first thing published .
I never belonged to a circle or clique .
I did not know I was writing a book until it was written .
When my first book was published there was no one near me , an acquaintance let alone a friend , to congratulate me .
I have never savored triumph , never won a race .
Entry ( 1981 )
My first work was also my best , and the first thing published .
I never belonged to a circle or clique .
I did not know I was writing a book until it was written .
When my first book was published there was no one near me , an acquaintance let alone a friend , to congratulate me .
I have never savored triumph , never won a race .
Quotes about Hoffer [ edit ]
Scotland On Rails Presentations Now Online : 27 Awesome Videos
By Matthew Lang
Did you miss the Scotland on Rails conference this year ?
No need to fret though , as Engine Yard are hosting videos of all the presentations made at this popular conference .
With 27 presentations covering topics from deployment to testing , there is something here for everyone .
This is an awesome way to " catch up " with the spirit of what 's been going on at some of the recent conferences , especially as a few of the talks have been given elsewhere too ( such as RailsConf ) .
Enjoy !
Day 1 - Friday Presentations
Day 2 - Saturday Presentations
Post by Matthew Lang - Matthew Lang is an ERP developer with a keen interest in Ruby and Rails programming .
One of the most humiliating things that can happen to an NBA player is to get posterized .
This occurs when a player dunks in the face of another , basically it comes down to the simple fact of who can jump higher .
While I do respect players for attempting to block the incoming freight train and not just letting them score , but it has got to be horrible to see yourself getting dominated on every sports network in the world .
Yes I am talking to you Shawn Bradley , Dikembe Mutombo , Manute Bol , and Greg Ostertag or Postertag .
With the 2009 NBA Finals in full swing , it is time to examine some of the greatest dunkers of all time .
For the list I tried to select influential dunks that changed the way we view the great game of basketball .
You will find your favorite idols throwing down in important NBA games , most being in the playoffs .
Unfortunately I could not add every dunk I wanted to the list and had to accommodate for video availability and quality .
Be sure to comment on some of your favorites that have been omitted and link to the video if it exists .
10 . Kobe Dunks on Dwight Howard
I had to add this dunk to the list as Kobe and Howard are facing off in 2009 NBA Finals .
Kobe has posterized many NBA stars over the years and there were a number of plays to choose from , but this was one of the best throw - downs I have ever seen .
Some other notable Kobe dunks are over Yao Ming , Steve Nash , and Ben Wallace .
This particular play took place in a regular season game a couple years ago .
Kobe was coming off an injury and was on fire during the entire game .
He basically jumps over the 7 ft.
Howard and introduces him to the NBA .
Dwight still vividly remembers the dunk and vows to never let it happen again .
9. Baron Davis Dunks on Andrei Kirilenko
This dunk took place in game 3 of the 2007 second round playoff matchup between the Warriors and the Jazz .
Golden State was coming off an incredible upset by knocking off Dallas in the first round , but lost the series to Utah in five games .
This dunk was the highlight of the entire playoffs in my mind .
First off Baron Davis is only 6 ft. 3 inches tall and that is extremely small in the NBA .
In this play he attacks the basket and posterized Andrei Kirilenko who is a good seven inches taller then him .
I love to watch a shorter player soar through the air and dunk .
8. Tracy McGrady Dunks on Shawn Bradley
McGrady might not be known for it , but he is a great dunker .
This play occurred in game 2 of the 2005 playoffs between Houston and Dallas .
Tracy blows by his defender and has one thing in mind and it is to throw - down .
He dunks on Shawn Bradley so hard that I think everyone in the arena felt it .
Another great thing about this play is the call by announcer Kevin Harlan .
After the dunk he proclaims “ he just sucked the gravity right out of the building . ”
7. LeBron James Dunks on Damon Jones
LeBron James has quite a resume of dunks and he is only 25 - years - old .
Everyone knew that he was something special when you watched him dunk between his legs in a high school basketball game .
He might not have the acrobatic dunking ability of Jordan and Wilkins , but he elevates higher then any player I have ever seen .
He is also an extremely powerful dunker .
This particular dunk occurred on February 2nd , 2005 in a Miami vs. Cleveland matchup .
LeBron steals the ball and then Jones makes the poor decision to try and block him .
He has no chance and LeBron goes right through him on his way to the hoop .
Some other famous dunks by LeBron are when he posterized Tim Duncan and Kevin Garnett .
6. Tom Chambers Dunks on Mark Jackson
Tom Chambers was a great NBA player for many years .
He was drafted out of Utah and was selected as the 8th overall pick in the 1981 draft .
He was a star on many Suns teams and in the 1989 - 90 season he averaged 27.2 points per game .
His posterization of Mark Jackson had to be added to this list .
It was the first time that an NBA player has completely jumped over someone on his way to the hoop .
Chambers literally fly ’s through the air and extends at least a foot or two above the rim .
This was early in his career and just a regular season game against the Knicks , but the athletic ability Chambers displays is astounding .
5. John Starks Dunks on Michael Jordan
This might be the most famous dunk in the storied history of New York basketball .
It was game 2 of the 1993 Eastern Conference Finals .
The Knicks had blown a 14 - point lead in the 3rd quarter and found the game tied with little time left when the 6 ’ 5 ’’
Starks stormed around a Ewing screen elevated and slammed in the face of Jordan .
The Knicks won the game and took a 2 - 0 lead in the series .
One might say that this single play enraged Jordan as he torched New York in the next four games and the Bulls took the series 4 games to 2 , eventually winning their third straight championship .
4. Julius Erving Dunks on Michael Cooper
Dr. J was one of the first professional basketball legends to play above the rim .
His leaping ability was amazing as he defied gravity .
He blocked 1941 shots in 15 NBA seasons .
His dunk on Michael Cooper is one of the most famous in the history of the game .
It occurred in a January 5 , 1983 regular season game between the Sixers and the Lakers .
The dunk was in the final minutes of the game and helped to propel Philadelphia to a two - point win .
Erving steals the ball and then in a fluent motion strides to the hoop and posterized Cooper .
It is funny as Cooper jumps he realizes that he has no chance of blocking Erving , so he just gets out of the way .
I can watch this dunk over and over and it never gets old .
3. Dominique Wilkins Dunks All Over Everyone
Dominique might be the best dunker ever to play the game of basketball .
He reached his true prime in the 1980 ’s and was a human highlight reel .
We all remember his many battles with Jordan in slam dunk contests during this era , but he also posterized many famous players .
I was not able to find a good video of one specific dunk by Dominique , but rather a collection of some amazing slams .
When this man went to the rim there was nothing that could stop him .
He had the elevation , but is most widely known for his true power .
If you tried to block his shot then he would go through you or adjust and make something spectacular .
It was almost poetic watching Dominique Wilkins perform .
2. Michael Jordan Dunks on Patrick Ewing
Many would argue that this is the most famous and amazing dunk in the legendary career of Michael Air Jordan .
It was game 3 of the first round in the 1991 NBA Playoffs .
The Bulls won the contest and eventually swept the Knicks in this series .
Chicago went on to capture their first ever NBA title after being a member of the league for 25 - years .
This entire play is utterly mind - boggling .
He shakes Starks with an incredible move , drives the lane , and posterizes Ewing .
He reaches heights of unbelievable proportion .
You keep waiting for him to come down , but he never stops elevating .
He just continues to rise almost reaching towards the heavens and then throws it down with one hand .
1. Vince Carter Dunks on Frédéric Weis
This is widely considered as the greatest dunk of all time .
It was the 2000 Olympics and Vince Sanity and the Americans were facing off against the French squad .
Frédéric
Weis is a famous French player and stands 7 ft. 2 inches tall .
On this particular play Carter storms in and steals the ball then he jumps completely over Weis and throws down with one - hand .
His hang time is unmatched as he fly ’s through the air .
It almost looks to be in slow motion and his head is at the rim when he dunks .
Trust me the video says it all .
Liked it ?
Take a second to support Toptenz .net on Patreon !
Other Articles you Might Like
the biggest natural titties your ever going to see in one place
What ’s really important : Sensor size .
A bigger light sensor in the camera means better light sensitivity , which means the shutter does n’t have to stay open as long , which means fewer blurred shots .
But the camera companies do n’t want you to know this statistic  it ’s not on the box , it ’s not in the ads  because it ’s easier and cheaper to goose the megapixels than the sensor size .
You can look up a camera ’s sensor size on the Web , but even then you ’ll be presented with goofy , hard - to - understand , impossible - to - compare measurements like 1/2.3 inches ( for small cameras ) and 16 x 23 mm ( for S.L.R. cameras ) .
They never , ever appear in simple diagonal inch measurements , the way TV screens ( and even camera screens ) are measured .
No , that would be too simple .
Cellphones
What you ’re told is important : coverage .
What ’s really important : coverage .
Yes , they ’re advertising the right thing .
Coverage is what people want .
We do n’t want to see no bars and be unable to make a call ; we do n’t want interrupted conversations when we go through dead spots .
We just want the darned thing to work .
The real problem is that they ’re lying .
The first clue is that , despite all of those claims , we still complain about our cellphones ’ coverage .
The second clue is that every cellphone company makes a similar claim .
“ More bars in more places ” ... “ Largest network ” ... “ Most reliable network ” ... “ Fewer dropped calls . ”
They ca n’t all be right .
( Turns out they ’re measuring different things  how many people live within the coverage area , for example , versus how many square miles are in the coverage area , or coverage in the United States versus worldwide coverage . )
The third clue is the coverage maps on each company ’s Web site .
Zoom in a tad , and you find out that lots of states have more dead spots than live ones .
I ’d sure hate to be a cowboy trying to make phone calls while galloping through Wyoming , Montana , Idaho , Arizona and Nevada .
It ’s not easy being a cellphone company , of course .
It ’s expensive to put up cell towers , and it ’s not worth doing in sparsely populated areas .
And even in populated areas , you have to fight the locals who do n’t want big ugly towers in their backyards .
Today Big Shots pedals floating bicycles at the Giro d'Italia cycling race in Venice , collides with birds in an air race in San Diego , and drops in on Vlore , Albania in a paraglider .
There 's F1 racing in Montmelo Spain , cliff diving in La Rochelle , France , and steeplechase in Doha , Qatar .
This week I 'll also bring you special posts on the USA Diving Grand Prix in Fort Lauderdale and a look at open flames in soccer stadiums worldwide .
( 33 photos total
Nobody can honestly dispute that Fox News does not have a staff largely composed of Republicans , but many people may not know the levels of party affiliations .
This goes beyond trying to pass off a GOP press release as their own research ( including the typo ) .
Fair.org ( Fairness & Accuracy in Reporting ) has an older article that mentions some of the people listed below .
What I would like to point out , before getting to the list is the following paragraph :
The abundance of conservatives and Republicans at Fox News Channel does not seem to be a coincidence .
In 1996 , Andrew Kirtzman , a respected New York City cable news reporter , was interviewed for a job with Fox and says that management wanted to know what his political affiliation was .
“ They were afraid I was a Democrat , ” he told the Village Voice ( 10/15/96 ) .
When Kirtzman refused to tell Fox his party ID , “ all employment discussion ended , ” according to the Voice .
The Connections :
Sarah Palin – Former Republican Governor of Alaska ( resigned mid-term ) and Vice - Presidential nominee is now a Fox News contributor who will host an occasional series .
Roger Ailes – American President of Fox News Channel was a media consultant for Richard Nixon , Ronald Reagan , George H. W. Bush and Rudy Giuliani .
He was also once the executive producer of Rush Limbaugh ‘s short - lived TV show
Mike Huckabee – Former Republican Governor of Arkansas and Presidential Candidate joined Fox News as a commentator , contributor and host of “ Huckabee ” on Fox News Channel .
Dana Perino – Former White House Press Secretary , Speech Writer and Assistant to the President , George W. Bush , appears as a political pundit on Fox News .
Karl Rove – Former Chief of Staff and Senior Advisor to George W. Bush is now a Wall Street Journal Contributing Writer as well as a political analyst , contributor and frequent guest on Fox News .
Tony Snow – Chief Speech Writer for George H. W. Bush , then guest host for The Rush Limbaugh Show , then regular personality on Fox News Channel , then hosted Fox News Sunday and Weekend Live , then guest host of The O’Reilly Factor , then on to White House Press Secretary for George W. Bush .
Newt Gingrich – Former Republican Speaker of the House turned Fox News contributor and frequent guest .
He also hosts occasional specials on Fox News Channel .
Greta Van Susteren – Host of “ On The Record ” has personal ties to Alaskan Governor Sarah Palin .
She ’s married to John Coale , a one time adviser to Sarah Palin .
Greta also played host / handler to Todd Palin at the White House Correspondents Dinner .
John Kasich – Former Republican United States Representative , turned Fox News host , guest host for The O’Reilly Factor and frequent guest on Sean Hannity ’s show .
He is now preparing to run as a Republican Gubernatorial candidate in Ohio ’s 2010 election .
Share this article
0 shares
Nigel Lythgoe , the old bastard who used to produce American Idol until he quit , and went on to keep talking about American Idol even though no one cared , returned to television last night with his show So You Think You Can Dance , and so did his homophobia .
During the Denver auditions , two men auditioned together –Mitchel Kibeland is straight and Misha Belfer is gay , and both needed dance partners–and Nigel started by looking confused , and then just panicked .
“ This is the first time we ’ve had do two guys do … ” he said , and could n’t even think of the dance ’s name ( the samba ) .
“ I think you ’d probably alienate a lot of our audience .
We ’ve always had the guys dance together on the show , but they ’ve never really done it in each other ’s arm ’s before .
I ’m certainly one of those people that really like to see guys be guys and girls be girls on stage , ” Nigel said .
The problem with this moronic , juvenile argument , as I previously discussed , is he ’s confusing genitals with behavior , and artificially linking the two .
People do n’t behave specific way because they have a penis or a vagina , although our culture likes to point out and make fun of people who do n’t fit into their expected gender role .
( For just one of many examples , that was evident during the primaries last year , when Hillary Clinton received criticism for being too masculine and Barack Obama was criticized for being too feminine . )
The irony is that Nigel makes arguments about conforming to gender roles and yet keeps his hair long and wavy , which is rather feminine .
But I do n’t judge him for his hair , I judge him for his stupidity .
Last July , the old coot said he did n’t care about sexual orientation but did n’t want “ effeminate boys that mince around the stage . ”
My friend Sam Greenspan calls this homophobia “ much more insidious , and , therefore , much more likely to slip into people ’s consciousness as being ‘ acceptable , ' ” suggesting as part of his 11 reasons why Idol is better than SYTYCD that “ it ’s fairly conceivable that someone watching will assimilate the dance - like - a - man - do n ’t - mince - like - a - gay - guy concept into their beliefs … [ a ] nd , in the process , a seed of subtle anti-gay bias is unknowingly formed . ”
Exactly .
The two men were eventually eliminated last night , but not before being mocked by the show ’s editors , who played James Brown ’s “ It ’s a Man ’s Man ’s Man ’s World ” as they left .
Incredibly , Misha told After Elton that what actually happened “ was more offensive than what they showed . ”
What did air , however , barely focused on the fact that they were n’t that good , falling down during their routine , and not doing much better once they danced with women .
That second audition came about after the other judges critiqued their initial , coupled dance .
After Nigel freaked out , Mary Murphy had slightly more insightful criticism ; she said “ the technique , actually , needs work , ” and had issues with them switching who was leading and following because it confused her .
So Nigel said , “ I do n’t think you want to see two guys there and think male - female . …
I ’d like to see you both dancing with a girl , ” he said , and then added , “ You know what , you might enjoy that , too . ”
You know what I ’d enjoy , Nigel ?
Your early retirement .
Some may view smartphones as a necessity , but that does n’t mean users are happy about the costs associated with the phone ’s monthly data plan .
i Phone users are especially among this group who do n’t like the pricey data plans required for the phone .
As the wireless industry continues to address the downturn in customer spending by offering lower priced service plans and phones , AT&T is holding its ground with the iPhone and required data plan that accompanies the phone despite increasing pressure from the industry and from consumers .
Last month , AT&T wireless chief Ralph de la Vega said the company was considering a lower tier service plan for the iPhone that could include limits on how long users could surf the Web or how many programs they could download over the air .
This sounded promising at first , but AT&T is reluctant to offer a less expensive data plan for the iPhone because it would lose a valuable source of revenue .
The current data plans are used to help offset the subsidies AT&T pays to keep the iPhone at the $ 200 level .
The plan also offsets the cost of delivering the service .
All in all , AT&T must balance the growing number of iPhone users with the amount of traffic they use on the network .
In a recent survey , the number one reason customers avoided the iPhone was because of the service plan ’s price , followed closely by the smartphone ’s price tag .
Apple and AT&T are addressing this second concern by lowering the price of its older iPhone 3G model to $ 99 .
Additionally , AT&T ’s competitors are offering similar service plans for other smartphones at reduced prices .
For example , Sprint Nextel claims its plan for the iPhone- rival Palm Pre will cost users $ 600 less per year than AT&T .
Verizon Wireless offers its smartphone users an unlimited data and messaging plan for $ 70 per month .
AT&T says the average monthly bill for an iPhone user is in the mid-$ 90 range .
To make matters worse , it ’s possible AT&T could charge an additional fee for mixed media messaging and tethering , two new features found on the latest iPhone .
This could add another $ 10 to $ 40 to an iPhone users ’ monthly phone bill .
Even though AT&T is under pressure to offer a lower priced plan , AT&T spokesman Mark Siegel said there are no plans to alter the company 's data prices .
The plans will be in effect when the new iPhone 3G S launches June 19 The iPhone ’s success has been vital to AT&T , especially as its traditional landline business has declined .
Over the past two years , more than 21 million iPhones have been sold .
On average , each iPhone owner generates about 1.6 times the revenue of other AT&T wireless customers .
You can bet this added revenue is not something AT&T will give up easily .
AT&T must pay for some of these results , however .
In order to keep the iPhone priced low and maintain the company ’s status as the exclusive iPhone provider , AT&T must shell out hundreds of dollars for each iPhone .
It takes AT&T several months to recoup these costs through service revenue .
In addition , AT&T must continue to invest in its network in order to deliver reliable service and speeds for iPhone users .
The iPhone already makes up for a disproportionately large amount of data traffic .
In fact , iPhone users overwhelmed AT&T ’s network in March due to heavy use .
The higher the traffic , the more AT&T must pay to transport that data across its network .
This so - called backhaul is believed to be one of the company ’s largest expenses .
While a lower - priced plan may help entice new customers , it could hurt AT&T ’s margins because the cost to manage the added traffic could rise faster than the added service revenue .
Of course , AT&T could implement a lower - priced plan with data limits , but whether or not customers would be willing to accept caps when they ’ve been trained to think of data as an unlimited service is yet to be seen .
In all , it appears that AT&T is n’t going to change the iPhone ’s data plan pricing for the time being .
But , competition has been known to convince carriers to change , even when such changes were unexpected .
Time will tell who wins this battle .
An inspector general fired by President Obama says he was given no warning and only one hour to decide whether to resign or be let go , hinting the action was retaliation for a report highly critical of Sacramento Mayor Kevin Johnson , a former NBA basketball star and an Obama supporter .
Gerald Walpin , a 2006 Bush appointee who reviewed grants awarded by AmeriCorps and other national service programs , said the telephone call he received Thursday evening from White House counsel Norman L. Eisen informing him he was ousted “ occurred totally out of the blue . ”
Mr. Walpin said he and his staff had always acted with the “ highest integrity ” during his two - and - a - half - year tenure .
“ We performed very well the responsibility of the independent overseer of the agency , and reported things as we saw it , ” he said .
The White House has n’t said specifically why it fired Mr. Walpin , other than to say that the president has lost confidence in him .
“ It is vital that I have the fullest confidence in the appointees serving as Inspectors General , ” said Mr. Obama in a letter to Congress Thursday .
“ That is no longer the case with regard to this Inspector General . ”
In an e-mail response to Mr. Eisen Thursday , Mr. Walpin said he refused to resign on such short notice because “ it would do a disservice to the independent scheme [ for inspector generals ] that Congress had mandated - and could potentially raise questions about my own integrity - if I were to render what would seem to many a very hasty response to your request . ”
But Mr. Walpin , in his e-mail to Mr. Eisen , said he was n’t convinced of the White House ’s assertion that his firing and the release of two reports he recently submitted that are highly critical of AmeriCorps parent group , the Corporation for National and Community Service ( CNCS ) , was n’t “ coincidence . ”
“ I would suggest there is a high likelihood that others may see it otherwise , ” Mr. Walpin wrote .
One of Mr. Walpin ’s reports dealt with his investigation of a highly publicized case accusing St. Hope Academy - founded by Mr. Johnson - of mishandling some of the $ 850,000 it received in CNCS grants , which came out during the Sacramento mayoral race .
Mr. Johnson ’s nonprofit group has promised to repay about half of the money .
But Sacramento ’s Acting U.S. Attorney Lawrence G. Brown has sharply criticized Mr. Walpin ’s handling of his investigation of Mr. Johnson and the nonprofit group .
In August 2008 , while Mr. Johnson was campaigning for his successful November election , Mr. Walpin referred the matter to the local U.S. attorney ’s office , which said his conclusions seemed overstated and did n’t accurately reflect the information gathered in the investigation .
The report said Mr. Johnson used grants to pay volunteers to engage in school - board political activities and to run personal errands for Mr. Johnson .
Mr. Brown accused Mr. Walpin of overstepping his authority , compromising his impartiality and withholding information from the U.S. Attorney ’s Office .
“ The Inspector General is not intended to act as an advocate for suspension and debarment , ” complained Mr. Brown in a letter to the Council of the Inspectors General on Integrity and Efficiency .
“ He sought to act as the investigator , advocate , judge , jury and town crier . ”
On Wednesday night , Alan Solomont , a Democrat and the board chairman of the government - run corporation , and Stephen Goldsmith , a Republican and the board ’s vice chair , said they backed the president ’s decision , which they learned about ahead of time .
Ken Bach , who works in the CNCS inspector general ’s office , has been named acting inspector general until Mr. Obama appoints a replacement to Mr. Walpin .
Mr. Walpin declined to say what his next move will be .
“ I ’ll let the facts speak for themselves , ” he said .
“ We did our job as we saw it with high integrity , issuing two reports that the corporation objected to and the [ CNCS ] chairman of the board objected to .
That ’s the job of the inspector general . ”
Sen. Charles E. Grassley , Iowa Republican , on Friday praised Mr. Walpin for identifying millions of dollars in wasted or misspent grants .
The Obama administration has requested $ 1.149 billion for CNCS and its programs for fiscal year 2010 , a $ 259 million - or 29 percent increase - over its previous budget .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Firefox is a very popular browser , especially among web designers .
There are more than 70 % of WDB ’s readers are using Firefox .
There are few reasons which make Firefox so popular compared to others and obviously , its plugins had contributed a lot for that .
Today , we are going to look into 35 useful Firefox extensions for both web designers and web developers .
You are not required to install all extensions , as this will cause your Firefox slow and lag .
Without talking much , let ’s look into these extensions .
1. Firebug
Firebug integrates with Firefox to put a wealth of development tools at your fingertips while you browse .
You can edit , debug , and monitor CSS , HTML , and JavaScript live in any web page .
2. Window Resizer
The Browser Window Resizer is useful for testing different screen sizes .
It accurately resizes your browser so you can test to see what a web page looks like in all of the standard resolution sizes .
Supports the 640×480 , 800×600 , 1024×768 , 1280×800 , 1280×1024 , 1600 ×1200 resolutions .
3. Total Validator
Provides true HTML validation ( HTML 2.0 to XHTML 1.1 ) using the official DTDs , plus added attribute checking .
So you no longer have to put up with the limitations of the W3C validator ( no type checking ) and tools like HTML Tidy which interpret the standards incorrectly ( they do n’t use the official DTDs ) .
4. Fireshot
FireShot is a Firefox extension that creates screenshots of web pages ( entirely or just visible part ) .
Unlike other extensions , this plugin provides a set of editing and annotation tools , which let users quickly modify web captures and insert text annotations and graphical annotations .
5. FireRainbow
FireRainbow is a Javascript syntax highlighting for Firebug 1.3+.
It requires Firebug 1.3 or higher .
6. HTML Validator
HTML Validator is a Mozilla extension that adds HTML validation inside Firefox and Mozilla .
The number of errors of a HTML page is seen on the form of an icon in the status bar when browsing .
7. Library Detector
Detects what javascript libraries are being used on the current page and displays the result as icons with detailed tooltips in the statusbar .
8. Tamper Data
Use tamperdata to view and modify HTTP / HTTPS headers and post parameters .
Trace and time http response / requests .
9. Firefinder for Firebug
Firefinder is an add - on to Firebug , to help find HTML elements matching chosen CSS selector (s ) or XPath expression .
Type in desired filter and view the results .
10 . JSONView
With the JSONView extension , JSON documents are shown in the browser similar to how XML documents are shown .
The document is formatted , highlighted , and arrays and objects can be collapsed .
11 . JavaScript Deobfuscator
This add - on will show you what JavaScript gets to run on a web page , even if it is obfuscated and generated on the fly .
12 . FireFTP
FireFTP is a free , secure , cross - platform FTP client for Mozilla Firefox which provides easy and intuitive access to FTP servers .
13 . HTTPFox
HttpFox monitors and analyzes all incoming and outgoing HTTP traffic between the browser and the web servers .
It aims to bring the functionality known from tools like HttpWatch or IEInspector to the Firefox browser .
14 . Aardvark
Powerful and user - friendly selector utility for selecting elements and doing various actions on them .
It can be used for cleaning up a page prior to printing it ( by removing and isolating elements ) , and for web development .
15 . Firecookie
Firecookie is an extension for Firebug that makes possible to view and manage cookies in your browser .
Firebug has to be installed in order to use this extension .
16 . Dummy Lipsum
Generate “ Lorem Ipsum ” dummy text ( from http://www.lipsum.com).
Minimum text length : 5 words .
Context menu option on form inputs ( “ Insert Dummy Lipsum ” ) .
This option fills automatically the selected field .
17 . Pixel Perfect
Pixel Perfect is a Firefox / Firebug extension that allows web developers and designers to easily overlay a web composition over top of the developed HTML .
18 . EditCSS
Stylesheet modifier in the Sidebar .
19 . Firediff
Firediff implements a change monitor that records all of the changes made by firebug and the application itself to CSS and the DOM .
20 . FirePHP
FirePHP enables you to log to your Firebug Console using a simple PHP method call .
FirePHP is ideally suited for AJAX development where clean JSON or XML responses are required .
21 . OperaView
Open pages in Opera from Firefox and Mozilla context menus .
Very useful for web developers .
22 . DOM Inspector
DOM Inspector is a tool that can be used to inspect and edit the live DOM of any web document or XUL application .
The DOM hierarchy can be navigated using a two - paned window that allows for a variety of different views on the document and all nodes within .
23 . YSlow
YSlow analyzes web pages and why they ’re slow based on Yahoo ! ’s rules for high performance web sites .
24 . CodeBurner for Firebug
CodeBurner is a Firefox add - on that integrates with Firebug , to extend it with reference material for HTML and CSS .
25 . IE Tab
This is a great tool for web developers , since you can easily see how your web page displayed in IE with just one click and then switch back to Firefox .
26 . CSS Viewer
A simple CSS property viewer .
27 . ColorZilla
Advanced Eyedropper , ColorPicker , Page Zoomer and other colorful goodies .
28 . MeasureIT
Draw out a ruler to get the pixel width and height of any elements on a webpage .
29 . Web Developer
Web Developer adds a menu and a toolbar with various web developer tools .
30 . ViewSourceWith
The main goal consists to view page source with external applications but you can also open page source as DOM document , open CSS and JS files , open images with your image viewer and a lot of other features .
31 . GridFox
GridFox is a Firefox extension that overlays a grid on any website .
If you can open it in Firefox , you can put a grid on top of it .
It ’s easy to customize , allowing you to create the exact grid you designed your layout around .
32 . Screengrab
It will capture what you can see in the window , the entire page , just a selection , a particular frame .
Basically it saves web pages as images – either to a file , or to the clipboard .
33 . Pencil
Pencil is a free and open source tool for making diagrams and GUI prototyping that everyone can use .
34 . Palette Grabber
Palette Grabber creates a color palette for Photoshop , Paint Shop Pro , GIMP , Flash , Fireworks , Paint .
NET , or OS X based on the current page .
35 . Dust - Me Selectors
Dust - Me Selectors is a Firefox extension ( for v1.5 or later ) that finds unused CSS selectors .
Data Stealing In Digital Dumping Grounds
Description :
Please visit the
Rachel James pointed us to this PBS documentary about Digital Dumping Grounds via Twitter .
From a security perspective , it 's interesting to see that not disposing our hard drives properly , before dumping our computers could have serious consequences .
Also , it 's pretty sad to see so many people in developing countries work in hazardous conditions in these waste disposal plants .
Please visit the PBS site for more details on this documentary
Tags : fun ,
Disclaimer :
We are a infosec video aggregator and this video is linked from an external website .
The original author may be different from the user re-posting / linking it here .
Please do not assume the authors to be same without verifying .
The parliamentary authorities reacted to damaging revelations of cabinet and junior ministers cynically exploiting Commons expenses rules by calling in the police to investigate how the details were leaked and by whom .
The involvement of the police , and the prospect of a full - scale criminal inquiry , came as fresh disclosures emerged of expenses claims made by middle - ranking ministers for items as trivial as a razor and a kettle .
One MP implicated in the latest allegations told the Guardian that he believed a mole was still active operating inside parliament and feeding material to the Daily Telegraph .
Others said the paper was guilty of trading in stolen property , and could be subject of a swingeing court fine running into millions .
Sir Stuart Bell , a member of the Commons estimates committee , claimed that there had been a breach of the Data Protection Act .
Downing Street believes the police investigation may backfire because of the huge public anger at what is seen as greed and fraud by MPs .
Tonight it emerged that the employment minister , Tony McNulty , could face a police investigation after a complaint was made about expenses he had been claiming under the second homes allowance .
In March , it emerged that McNulty had claimed about £ 60,000 from Commons allowances since 2002 , towards maintaining a house where his parents lived .
The Daily Telegraph is expected to continue revealing fresh detailstomorrow , this time focusing on a clutch of middle - ranking ministers , including the Home Office minister Phil Woolas , and the health ministers Phil Hope and Ben Bradshaw .
Hope said he had made a mistake in wrongly claiming for a razor .
" In order to represent my constituents effectively I have somewhere to live - in my family home - near Corby and I have somewhere to live in London to carry out my duties in parliament , for which these costs have been incurred . "
He added : " In all my claims for the costs of the accommodation in London I have acted with the full approval of the fees office and the claims are entirely in line with the rules of parliament .
Any new fittings were brought to replace dilapidated or broken fittings in my flat in London , any household items were bought to make the flat usable , I 've got a communal garden for recreational use around my flat .
I made one claim for a razor .
I did n't realise it was inadmissible .
It was pointed out and I withdrew it . "
Woolas said that the Telegraph had made a mistake in the allegations it had put to him .
He said that the paper wrongly assumed that receipts submitted by him were his expenses claim .
In fact he regularly submitted full receipts - until asked not to do to by the fees office - and then claimed for far less .
The paper put to Woolas that he had claimed for clothes on behalf of his wife , plus children 's nappies and comics .
They were on receipts submitted , but not claimed on , by the minister .
" I am a victim of too much honesty in putting in the full receipts , " he said .
Woolas did claim for a kettle in 2006 .
Labour MPs believe that a mole may be feeding sensitive personal information to the Daily Telegraph .
One MP raised his concerns with the Commons authorities , which helps explain why the police were called in to investigate .
The MP acted after his office raised a series of questions with the fees office about expense claims dating back to 2004 .
Within an hour of this conversation , the MP 's staff were contacted by the Daily Telegraph which then asked questions covering exactly the same area .
The MP told the Guardian : " It was uncanny .
There is something horrible going on .
I have never been so frightened .
What is happening is disgusting . "
Lord Mandelson , the business secretary , accused the Telegraph of running a dishonest political campaign by focusing on the government and delaying the publication of shadow cabinet expenses claims until Monday .
The Commons members estimates committee will meet on Monday to decide how to respond to the leak and the serious damage being done to the reputation of parliament .
It is certain to bring forward publication of the past five years of claims from the planned date in July .
A series of ministers took to the airwaves earlier today to defend their conduct .
Gordon Brown , aware of the damage being inflicted on his battered government , insisted he had been trying to reform the expenses rules and admitted that " the system does n't work . "
The allegations against the cabinet ranged from the bizarre to what looked like a systematic attempt to bend the rules for personal gain .
They included :
• Gordon Brown , who paid his brother , Andrew , £ 6,577 over 26 months between 2004 and 2006 for cleaning services at his London flat .
• Jack Straw , the justice secretary , who claimed for the full rate of council tax on his home in his Blackburn constituency , despite receiving a 50 % discount from his local authority .
Straw discovered the mistake and paid back the money .
• A series of ministers - Hazel Blears , Geoff Hoon and Alistair Darling - changed the status of their London and constituency homes , prompting claims that they were attempting to maximise their claims under the additional costs allowance which is used to subsidise second homes .
Blears made claims on three properties in the space of one year .
David Cameron , bracing himself for revelations about his own party , said every MP would have to explain themselves to their constituents .
He said : " I completely understand how angry the public are about this and we desperately need change .
" We 've got to radically reduce the number of things that MPs can claim for such as barbeques and patio heaters .
The Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg said the issue " affects all politicians of all parties and no one comes out of this smelling of roses " .
The Speaker , Michael Martin , will make a Commons statement on Monday .
It is thought that only 120 MPs have so far examined their " raw " receipts and could go ahead with publication straight away .
The MPs who have still not examined their expenses fully may be given another week before pressing ahead with publication .
The fees office set up a weekend hotline to advise panic - stricken MPs who are worried about how their claims covering the five years back to 2004 will look to their constituents .
Na helló , szia , szevasz , van nálatok terasz ?
Csángó brékesek , szevasztok !
Otthon szülő anyukák , szevasztok !
Józsi korábban kellően kivesézte a családcentrikus nők témakörét , akiket úgy említ a szakirodalom gyakran , hogy szivolák .
Ők azért hagyják a klasszikus női szerepet önnönmagukon manifesztálódni , hogy ezzel erősítsék férjük - urukkal való összetartozásukat , nehogy elmarja mellőlük valami vérmes kis picsa .
Hiszen a mai világban nehéz már olyan gavallért találni , aki még tud udvarolni .
Definíció
Az ősanyák azok a családcentrikus nők , akiket nem a papamacihoz való ragaszkodás , hanem a szüléssel együtt járó hormonháztartás - változás billent át visszafordíthatatlanul egy furcsa állapotba , ahonnan évekkel a szülés után sem térnek vissza .
Kicsit olyanok , mint amikor ufóinvázió van az eldugott amerikai kisvárosban , és a lakók azon része , aki még embernek látszik , de már ufó , felismeri a többi ufót a tejbárban meg a szatócsboltban , és odabiccent nekik , hogy tudja ám , hogy ufók .
Vagy hogy ősanyák .
Félreértés ne essék , engem is anya szült , de ahogy a legtöbbünk esetében : ő nem őrült bele .
Önképzés és mások oktatása
Az ősanya áldott állapotának első perceiben már alternatív szülési lehet őségek után kutat .
Ő tudja magáról , hogy jobban szül , de kell , hogy mások is lássák .
Ahogy a hormonok elöntik , leáll a hajfestéssel , visszatér a természethez , illetve Természet Anyához , hiszen rövidesen névrokonok lesznek .
Rádöbben , hogy az élet értelme a szaporodás ( tehát véletlenül sem a feltétele , hanem az értelme ) .
Az első gyermekáldás alkalmával természetesen lányt szül , pontosabban egy kis ősanyát .
Csak minden 2n - edik szülés alkalmával tud fiút .
A születendő csöppség részére azonnal nevek után kutat .
Ha a természetbe vonulás előtt legalább felhasználói szintű számítógépes ismeretekkel rendelkezett , akkor Excelben szűri le előbb a kereszténység előtt is létező magyar neveket , hiszen magyarok vagyunk , vagy nem ?
Esetleg melléjük veszi a Conan a barbár bármelyik epizódjában felbukkanó női szereplők neveit , majd ezeket az utolsó 5 év névadási adatai alapján növekvő sorrendbe rendezi .
A legritkábbat , ami leginkább egy indonéz sziget vagy egy gyógyszer ( jó esetben kúp ) nevéhez hasonlít , kiválasztja , a listán szereplő következő három nevet pedig megjegyzi , hogy majd más anyukáknak ajánlhassa .
Ajánlja .
Te sem akarhatod , hogy összetévesszék a gyereket kezdetű érvelését önmagával kicsit vitatkozva azzal zárja , hogy ilyen különleges névvel viszont fontos az első benyomás .
Amelyet természetesen a megfelelő nevelés garantál , ehhez terhességének ötödik hetére beszerez a világon minden tudást , és a fennmaradó 35 hetet ennek továbbadásával tölti .
Megtudhatod tőle , hogy a második trimeszterben csak piros ételeket szabad enni , a talpad idegvégződésein át minden fontos szerved elérhető , de ő mondjuk a fülcimpádon keresztül is tudja , ha akarod , megmutatja .
( Nem akarod .
Megmutatja . )
Közben folytatja , nem jó , ha csuklasz , minden csuklásnál lecsöppen egy vér a szívedről , rá a gyerekre , vagy mittudomén hová .
Alul már nem esik ki , azt biztos .
Nem kedvelik a biológiai megközelítést , magát a „ terhes ” szót sem , hiszen a gyermek nem teher , hanem Isten ajándéka .
Az állatorvosi megközelítést sem kedvelik , azaz a vemhesség , ellés és tőgy kifejezéseket ne használjátok a közelükben , illetlenség .
Szóhasználat és kényes témák
A „ gyerek ” szót soha többé nem mondják ki .
SOHA .
Csak azt , hogy gyerMek .
Minden olyan szót előnyben részesítenek , amelybe ezt bele lehet magasztoskodni : kismedence helyett gyermekmedence .
Játszótér helyett gyermekjátszótér .
Gyakorlatilag minden óvintézkedést megtesznek a szóhasználat tekintetében arra az esetre , ha urambocsá ' a kisjézust szülnék meg , hogy utána ne érhesse szó a ház elejét , amiért nem viseltettek kellő tisztelettel iránta .
Habár egy részüktől korábban maximum azt tudtad meg , hogy ők ugyan nem szopnak* , mert az közönséges és megalázó , ahogy gömbölyödnek , egyre többet hallod , hogy mennyire jó Vincével , most kipróbálták hason is , csak előtte díszpárnákból ki kellett zsaluzni egy inverz terhes nő alakú öntőformát .
Sokkal nagyobbakat élvez , és kipróbálták a popószexet is , hátha így rugalmasabb lesz az altája , és ezzel elkerülik a gátszakadást .
( Nem kerülik el. )
Legitimációt érez arra , hogy a korábban szűk barátnői társaságban kitárgyalt témákat akár szülei , nagyszülei , és főleg vadidegen , életük hátralévő részében eredetileg még néhány alkalommal kúrni tervező férfiak társaságában hüvelyi higiéniáról , irrigációról , placentáról , nyákdugóról beszéljen , esetleg mutatja is , hogy mindezek nagyjából hol találhatók – amit elnézek , férfitársaim évszázados nyilvános faszigazgatásainak büntetését a kollektivitás szellemében vállalom .
(* : faszt )
Szülés és vonzatai
Na érjünk el oda , hogy megellik .
Eljő az evangélium ideje , kijön a kis Sándor ( végül ezt választotta , mert női névben különleges ) .
Hónapokig tartó vívódás ér ezzel a végéhez , melyben először az otthon szülés , aztán a fürdőkádba szülés , majd az otthoni fürdőkádba szülés merült fel lehet őségként .
A védőnő kiguglizása után kiderült , hogy vannak bábák is , majd dúlák következtek , végül 1 - 2 katmandui sámán .
A megfelelő weboldalak magyarra fordíttatása után felmerült a vízbe szülés mellett a szentelt vízbe , vagy egyenesen Isten ölébe szülés , vagy egyből diplomaátvevő talárba , igazgatói karosszékbe beleszülés , az jó ómen .
Az ősanyák nem tudják előre , de én igen , hogy végül mégis csak a kórházi szülés mellett maradnak , hiszen ez TB - re ingyen jár , nem azért fizetek ennyi adót , hogy másra költsék ( közös teherviselés és közjószág teljes meg nem értése ) .
Természetesen itt két beikszelhető extra marad , az egyik az apás szülés ( amit ő papás szülésnek hív ) , a másik a videokamerázás .
Ezt beikszeli .
Sándor születése után a gerlepár egymást már csak anyának és apának hívja , amelyre való rászokás egy esetleges ( és szomorú ) gyerMekhalál esetén nem fogja megkönnyíteni együtt maradásukat .
Innentől kezdve a piros ételt kell enni jelleg ű tézisek új sora jön , de immáron a gyermekre vonatkoztatva .
A társaságban eddig kellemetlenül forgatott szex témát ( hiszen többé jóformán nem szexel ) felváltja a szoptatás .
Nagyon bedagadtak a bimbóim , az egyik kicsit ki is sebesedett ( WTF ! ) .
Ide tartozna az is , hogy nehezen jön a tejem , valamint az ehhez kapcsolódó üvegfúvási műremekek bemutatása , DE ez nem kerül szóba , hiszen az ősanyának mindig van teje .
Természetesen jut apának és anyának is belőle .
Sándor hagy .
Isszák , mert ez természetes , nem találnak ebben semmi kivetnivalót .
Egy mondat közepén előkapja az egyik mellét , amelyen a diszkréció jegyében falatnyi kis mellbimbóját figyelmességből 14 centi átmérőjű zalahús vagy parizer takarja .
Nem csoda , hogy a gyerek mellészopik .
Mindezt a korábban említett félidegen férfiak és nagyszülők társaságában .
Szembesíti az elbotlott anyákat
A vendéganyukák , akik egyenként és együtt is több gyereket neveltek fel és járattak egyetemre , itt megtudhatják , hogy mindent az elejétől fogva teljesen rosszul csináltak .
És minden rendben a gyerekkel ?
– kérdezi , mert az ő tudása és jósnője számításai szerint már életben sem kéne lennie annak , aki előbb tudott beszélni , mint úszni , első három évében nem vitték fel 6000 méterre és nem lakott legalább egy hetet egy kőszáli sas fészkében .
A rossz anyukák nem jól reszelték / darálták le a zöldséget , és eleve nem jó zöldséget , így nem indul meg a fogzás , az ínyzés , és egyéb , korábban felelőtlenül gusztusosnak vélt testrészek fejlődése .
A gyermeknek értelemszerűen fogacskája , hajacskája van , meg kakikája , pisikéje .
A bébikre ez nem vonatkozik , a gyerekek szara a bilikorszak alatt a legbüdösebb , ezt és kizárólag ezt nevezi a magyar nyelv „ kakának ” , á-val a végén .
Pólyások és kamaszok csak simán szarnak .
Az ősanyának ez ügyben „ csupán ” a pelenkákkal szemben van averziója .
No nincs szó ápolatlanságról , a társadalmi együttélés szabályait betartja , csak ő a szükséglet - kommunikáció híve : ő ugyan nem pelenkázza .
Majd látja a gyereken , ha kell neki .
Olyankor felkapja , és kiviszi a teraszra és eltartja messzire .
Egy erről szóló dokumentumfilm néhány jelenete alatt 3 x szart a parkettára ugyanaz a gyerek , tehát még kicsit under construction ez az évezredes módszer .
De majd elkészül !
A demokrácia sem tökéletes , csak annál jobbat még nem találtak ki .
Ugyanezek az anyukák legalább 3 , de – a józanész határain belül – maximum 27 éves korukig szoptatják mindhárom gyereküket .
Viselkedése falkában
Faster broadband allows 200 MP3s to be downloaded in just five minutes Around seven million people in the UK are involved in illegal downloads , costing the economy tens of billions of pounds , government advisers say .
Researchers found 1.3 m people using one file - sharing network on one weekday and estimated that over a year they had free access to material worth £ 12bn .
The Strategic Advisory Board for Intellectual Property ( SABIP ) warned it may be hard to change attitudes .
The government says work must be done internationally to tackle the problem .
Intellectual Property Minister David Lammy said the report put into context the impact illegal downloads had on copyright industries and the UK economy as a whole .
But he added : " This is not an issue confined by national boundaries and I am sure that other [ EU ] member states and their copyright industries will find this report of use in the development of policy . "
HAVE YOUR SAY
Many people do not even realise that what they are doing is illegal Ralph Cook , Barking , UK An alliance of nine UK bodies representing the creative industries recently joined trades unions in calling on the government to force internet service providers to cut off persistent illegal file - sharers .
They said more than half of net traffic in the UK was illegal content .
The Open Rights Group - a UK based group that works on digital rights and freedoms - said the study illustrated the sheer size of the market .
" We need a compelling ' all you can eat ' music service to reduce illicit file sharing , " the groups executive director , Jim Killock , told the BBC .
" But [ we need ] to remember that extreme enforcement measures would probably be very unfair and make people angry . "
Copyright confusion Internet service providers say it is not their job to police the web .
The latest report for the SABIP , said the new generation of broadband access at 50 M bps could deliver 200 MP3 files in five minutes , a DVD in three and the complete digitised works of Charles Dickens in less than 10 .
It said the seven million people who access files illegally could not all be students and that many of them were uncertain about what was illegal .
The fact that so much on the internet is free only added to the confusion , it said .
Dame Lynne Brindley , SABIP
Board member , said : " This report gives us some baseline evidence from which we can develop a clear research strategy to support policy development in this fast moving area . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Will your son join a gang ?
The answer may well be in his genes .
A new study conducted by researchers at Florida State University found young men who carry a particular variation of the gene Monoamine oxidase A , or MAOA , are almost twice as likely to join gangs and use a weapon in a fight .
It also found gang members with the genetic variant , sometimes called the " warrior gene , " were more than four times as likely to use a weapon in a fight , compared to gang members without that particular variant .
This is the first time a direct connection has been made between the MAOA gene and the selection of a violent lifestyle , said the study 's lead author , Kevin Beaver , a biosocial criminologist at the university 's college of criminology and criminal justice .
" The genetic variant was distinguishing the most violent gang members from the least violent gang members , " he said .
" We were surprised and shocked about how strong the effect was . "
Experts say the study , the latest in a burgeoning field that looks for links between genetic makeup and behaviour , will help researchers better understand why some people are drawn to a criminal lifestyle .
That , in turn , will result in more effective crime prevention and rehabilitation programs targeted to individuals and their particular risk factors .
Gail Anderson , a criminology professor at Simon Fraser University , said knowing the biological basis of behaviour is key to solving why some people turn to crime .
" It does n't mean that biology acts on its own , " she said , " but it means that it is one small part of the puzzle .
And if you are ignoring one small part of the puzzle , you are never going to finish the puzzle . "
One of the jobs of MAOA in the body is to break down neurotransmitters , including dopamine and serotonin , which are important for regulating mood .
The variant of the MAOA gene associated with violent behaviour is found on the X - chromosome and is less effective at breaking down neurotransmitters .
Males , who have one X - chromosome and one Y - chromosome , have only one copy of the MAOA gene , which means a male is stuck with a low - functioning variant .
Females , who have two X - chromosomes , have two copies of the gene , one of which could compensate for a low - functioning variant .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Beaver said this gender difference is one of the reasons his team did not find a link between the low - functioning MAOA variant and gang membership in females .
The study , published in the July issue of the journal Comprehensive Psychology , examined genetic and lifestyle data from more than 2,500 respondents to the ( U.S. ) National Longitudinal Study of Adolescent Health .
Off Campus Drive 2020 Tibco ← India Job Profile : Associate Engineer Degree Needed : B.E/B.Tech / BS Exp Needed : Freshers Work Location : Pune What You ’ll Do Design , develop , test , and own the software building infrastructure and pipelines .
Provide support for the build and testing infrastructure to software engineers .
Support and enhance build , release , and deployment automation .
Collaborate with other internal teams to distil business requirements into technical solutions .
Use Agile … Fresher / B.E. / B.Tech / Computers / IT
Corporate Sales Manager Req For Canada Australia Pear Visa Immigration Services Private Limited ← India coordinating the activities of a sales team in order to build a healthy and profitable relation with buyers and other associates ; assigning members of the team to the companys accounts ; devising new and original strategies and techniques necessary for achieving the sales targets ; setting weekly , quarterly , monthly , and annual sales targets for the Sales Executives and other Sales Representatives , making sure these targets are realistic and achievable ; defining …
Any Graduate / Post Graduates / Computers / IT
Engineer Ii Embedded Linux Microchip Technology India Private Limited ← India
As part of the Microchip MPU Application team , you will be in charge of Linux software developments and its publication in Open Source communities for the entire MPU product line .
We are looking for enthusiast engineers motivated to participate in Open Source projects to join our experienced Linux development team .
You will be involved in developing a full embedded Linux system starting from the Linux kernel and continuing up into …
Any Graduate / Post Graduates / Computers / IT
Senior Embedded Linux Engineer Microchip Technology India Private Limited ← India
As part of the Microchip MPU Applications team , you will be in charge of creating and managing a Linux software development team and its contributions to the Open Source communities for the MPU product line .
We are looking for an experimented Embedded Linux engineer , with a good experience in Linux driver developments and mainlining , interested in growing in a manager position .
He should be able to select candidates , grow new junior …
Any Graduate / Post Graduates / Computers / IT
Immediate Openings For Legal Advisor Contract Management Exp Pune Crown Solutions India Private Limited ← India Dear Candidate ,
We have huge openings for Legal Advisor with Contract management experience for Pune location .
Kindly find below in detailed JD Primary skills : ??
Should have good legal aptitude , good grasp over the basic contract terminologies and structure , and good working knowledge of contracts ??
Fair knowledge of Indian Contract Act , 1972 and other the principles underlying the law of contracts ??
Past experience working on Contracts ( Contracts … Any Graduate / Post Graduates / Computers / IT
C Net Developer / software Design Engineer Zen3 Infosolutions Private Limited ← India Fresher / Any Graduate / Post Graduates / Computers / IT
Oracle Apps Database Administrator For Mnc In Hyderabad C2h Dynpro India Private Limited ← India Any Graduate / Post Graduates / Computers / IT
Work From Home Internet Marketing Job Tfg Digital India ← India Fresher / Any Graduate / Post Graduates / Computers / IT
Openings For Part Time Internet Marketing Executive Tfg Digital India ← India Fresher / Any Graduate / Post Graduates / Computers / IT
Maps are from an article by John H. Tanton , " End of the Migration Epoch , " reprinted by The Social Contract , Vol IV , No 3 and Vol. V , No. 1 , 1995 .
