TRADE PACT COMMITMENT CLAUSE *
The bill stipulates that the Buy American provision be " applied in a manner consistent with United States obligations under international agreements . " *
That is further explained in separate report language on the bill to clarify that it requires the United States to comply with obligations under the World Trade Organization 's government procurement agreement and under the North American Free Trade Agreement and other U.S. free trade accords .
*
The report language says products from least - developed countries would be treated in the same manner as countries with which the United States has formal trade commitments .
*
The trade compliance language gives members of the WTO 's government pact such as the European Union , Japan , Canada , South Korea and Taiwan comfort they could provide material for a public works project funded by the stimulus bill .
. . .
WAIVER AUTHORITY *
The act allows the Buy American mandate to be waived if the federal agency overseeing a particular project deems it would be " inconsistent with the public interest . " *
It can also be waived if iron , steel and the relevant manufactured goods " are not produced in the United States in sufficient and reasonably available quantities and of a satisfactory quality " or if it would increase the overall cost of a project by more than 25 percent .
*
The waivers can apply to a " category of cases " so if a particular product is not made in the United States , contractors would not have to apply over and over again for permission to use it .
( Emphasis supplied . )
The 25 % steel subsidy is a provision that was put in place in the 1980s by President Reagan .
I believe it was allowed to lapse at some point and now returns .
But I might be wrong on this .
It might never have lapsed .
I 'll doublecheck that point .
But I do know that the original Buy American provision provided absolute requirement that domestic steel and iron be used .
so even this 25 % subsidy is a weakening of the original provision .
As for the rest of the provisions , this is all existing law as I understand it .
In short , the attempted imposition of stricter Buy American provisions seems to have fallen by the wayside , at President Obama 's behest .
Booman relies on an LATimes story on the issue :
" Buy American " rules remain in the stimulus bill that the president is scheduled to sign Tuesday , but labor advocates were alarmed by Obama 's willingness to insert himself in the debate as a champion of business concerns .
They said his stance was far different than during the presidential election , when Obama was trying to win union votes and called for rebuilding America with union - made materials .
While it is true the Buy American language remains ( it was mostly already on the books anyway ) , the language about complying with trade agreements pretty much strips it of any new teeth .
I am not sure how anyone can plausibly argue that Obama did not weaken the Buy American provisions in the stimulus bill .
He clearly did .
Now that 's all right with me .
If and when the President goes back on promises I care about , I will and have been screaming loudly .
I find it interesting that folks claiming to feel strongly about " fair trade " issues have stood mute on this one .
I suspect they will be disappointed on trade agreements generally with President Obama ( I have always said that I believed Obama would agree with me on trade and I see no evidence to think I am wrong . )
I wonder if they will continue to be muted on that issue .
I think they will .
I think they are playing for one particular issue - EFCA , the Employer Free Choice Act .
I think labor will give Obama lots of room on everything else but I think they will absolutely pummel President Obama if he does not fight for passage of EFCA .
We will find out pretty soon .
Speaking for me only
Let ’s face it : it ’s basically a requirement for your nonprofit to be on Facebook these days .
And there are definitely a lot of advantages .
Just take this story of how Free the Children used Facebook likes to raise $ 2.4 million for their charity .
Or how Patty Foley , the Membership Chairperson of Newington Community Television uses Facebook to find new volunteers .
Plus , regardless of whether or not you think you have time for it , some well - intentioned board member is sure to come ask you about it if you do n’t have one .
But do n’t worry .
I know you do n’t have time to deal with that -- regardless of what Janet thinks .
( If she has so much time , why does n’t she just run it herself ?
Sigh . )
So , I ’m here to show you how to set up your profile , make a posting strategy , and more .
Even better , it ’ll take you less than half a day , so you can quickly stop worrying about likes and get back to more important marketing questions -- like which colour you should use for the cover of your annual report .
In this post , I will cover :
1. Set up Your Nonprofit ’s Facebook Page
Time : 1 hour
First things first , let 's set up your Facebook page .
Here is everything you need to know about setting up a page with everything your fans need to know about you - and everything that will encourage them to support you !
1. Go to Facebook for Business .
Unlike many other platforms , you will create and manage your page through your personal profile .
After you log on , go to Facebook for Business .
Hover over the " Create Ad " button on the upper right corner and then click on " Create a page . "
2. Choose your business classification .
As a nonprofit or organization , you will click " Get Started " under " Business or Brand . "
Your Page Name should simply be the name of your organization .
Next , select the category that most closely fits your organization .
To select the Nonprofit Organization category for your Page , start typing into the Category box and select Nonprofit Organization when it appears .
3. Upload a profile picture and cover photo .
Many organizations use their logo as its profile picture .
You can do so , or use an image that depicts the kind of work you do .
For example , if you work with animals , you can use a picture of an animal , or if you work with mothers , you can use an image of a mother and child .
Using an image instead of a logo gives your page a more personal feel , and will help your page blend in seamlessly with your fan 's friend and family posts on their feed .
When creating a cover photo , be sure to use optimal dimensions : 315 pixels tall by 851 pixels wide .
Keep this image simple ; do n't feel like you need to use a lot ( or any text at all ) .
There are plenty of places in your profile to use writing to share your work and mission .
Here are three great ways you can create / use a Facebook banner to help grow your organization :
1. Event Promotion
The American Counseling Association changed their cover photo to include information about an upcoming event .
Now everyone who comes to their Facebook Page will know about their conference and the ACA will likely see a boost in event registrants .
2. Membership or Cause Promotion
In this example , Canadian Blood Services added a CTA ( call to action ) on their cover photo , challenging all their Facebook visitors to become a donor .
They ’ve also included a website link in the image , making it easy for someone to find out more information .
In a similar way , you can use your cover photo to ask people to join your organization and tell them where they can become a member .
3. Member Engagement
QUT Tennis Club used a picture of their members for their cover photo .
Besides being a great photo , this does two more things to help the club :
The people in the photo will likely share QUT ’s Page with their Facebook friends , since photos have a super high interaction rate on Facebook .
In turn , this will help boost member engagement with your current followers , especially those in the photo .
A photo of real members lets potential members know your organization is personable , inviting , and most importantly , that your organization cares about its members .
4 . Fill out the About section .
This can be found on the left side of the page .
This is where you can provide all the information your audience should know about your organization .
Be sure to complete the " Our Story " section , which will give your audience insight into your mission and how it all got started .
5. Get Your First Followers
Now you have a basic Facebook Page set up for your nonprofit !
How does that feel ?
But do n't rest on your laurels just yet .
It ’s time to start getting followers who will like your Page ( do n’t forget to like the Page yourself ! ) .
Followers who like your Facebook Page will see your photos and posts in their Facebook feed whenever you have a new update .
Here are four simple things you can do to get more followers :
Use Facebook search to invite your Facebook friends to like the Page .
This is located on the bottom right of your Page .
Simply type a friend ’s name and click “ Invite ” .
These friends will receive a notification inviting them to like your Page .
Email your current subscribers and members with a link to your Facebook Page and ask them to like it .
You can find the link to your Facebook Page in the URL as shown below .
Simple copy and paste this text into an email .
Add a Facebook link to your website .
It ’s a good idea to place this link where your contact information is located .
The most visually engaging way to do this is to make the link an image of Facebook ’s logo , like how it ’s shown below .
Include a Facebook feed on your website ’s homepage .
That way , all your website visitors can see your updates and like your Facebook Page right from your website .
Here ’s an example from The Webb Mountain Discover Zone .
Simply scroll down their homepage to see their Facebook feed .
If you want to add a Facebook feed onto your website , visit Facebook for Developers , which shows you the steps .
However , you may need a little technical expertise to do this .
Note : Webb Mountain Discovery Zone added their Facebook feed using Wild Apricot ’s drag - and - drop website builder made for nonprofits .
Now that you have your Facebook page set up and you have some followers , you 're ready to post .
( And when you ’re ready to create a Facebook Group for your nonprofit , check out this post to get inspired ! )
2. Create a Facebook Posting Strategy
Time : 2 hours
As you may already know , haphazard posting is not only time - consuming , it wo n’t help you reach your goals .
If you post regularly , your posts are much more likely to show up on your supporters ’ feeds .
They ’re also more likely to feel personally invested in your organization if they can follow along with your successes and struggles .
That ’s why before you start posting , you should create a simple post strategy that includes a plan tailored to succeed on Facebook as well as content that supports your efforts .
( This also gives you a justification NOT to post when other staff members come to you with last - minute requests .
You ’re welcome ! )
If your nonprofit is active on other social platforms , such as Instagram , your Facebook strategy should align with your overall social media strategy .
Check out these 5 examples of successful nonprofit social media strategies for some inspiration .
What Your Platform Plan Should Include
Start creating your platform plan by understanding what kind of content does well on Facebook .
To figure that out , click around and see which posts from other organizations in your niche are getting the most shares and likes , as well as seeing what other pages your supporters are likely to follow and what kind of content they ’re posting .
From there , determine the purpose of your Facebook page , the amount of posts you plan to post a week , and your budget , as well as the kinds of content you will focus on .
Asking these questions can help you create a clear roadmap to a successful Facebook page .
Finally , Facebook is a social network , so indicate how you plan to engage with your fans .
For example , maybe you can manage to post three times a week .
Through a bit of research and by looking at your previous analytics , you learned that it ’s challenging to reach people through organic posts , that images with little text perform better than those that are text - heavy , and that you are more likely to reach your audiences between the ages of 40 to 64 years old .
Your platform strategy may look something like this :
Purpose :
To communicate with current and potential supporters over the age of 40
Cadence : 3x / week
Paid Spend : $ 25 / week
Content : Focus on videos and images .
Share client stories , impact , organization activities and victories , and behind - the - scene staff features .
Engagement : Tag applicable partners , invite those who like posts to like or follow page , respond to all comments and messages within 24 hours
As you can see , this plan does n’t have to be complicated , especially if you do n’t have much time to spend on it .
How to Create a Content Plan
Next , you should create content buckets to guide the kinds of posts you will create .
There are a range of media you can use for each bucket , including images , text overlay ( text over pictures ) , simple animation / gifs , and video .
Here are eight content buckets for you to consider .
Inspire : Highlight your clients and show impact .
Thank your donors often .
Introduce : Feature your staff , board , volunteers , and partners .
Show the human side of your organization .
Inform : Educate your audience on your issue .
Be a go - to source for news in your sector .
Entertain : Post fun and light - hearted posts , like memes or GIFs , that relate back to your organization ’s struggles .
Interact : Ask questions , share surveys , or hold contests .
Update : Share your organization ’s news , upcoming events and activities , and what ’s going on behind the scenes .
Call - to - Action :
Make a direct ask to donate , volunteer , join your email list , sign a petition , or apply for a job opening .
User - Generated Content :
If your donors , volunteers , or the population you serve is creating content about you , all you have to do is reshare it !
Keep an eye out for mentions of your name on social media so that you can capture these great opportunities , or simply ask your supporters to share why they love your organization .
Many people will be happy to do so .
We suggest planning out your content anywhere from a week or a month in advance .
Set a day aside to focus on content planning , creation , and scheduling — which will allow you to then focus on other tasks .
You can also check out some of these great social media scheduling tools to help you save time throughout the week .
Five Inspiring Posts from Nonprofits on Facebook
Do you need a bit of inspiration before choosing content buckets ?
Check out these posts .
Many of these will take you five minutes or less to create .
Host a recurring Facebook Live video .
Principal Belinda George of Homer Drive Elementary School reads a bedtime story to her students ( and hundreds of others across the globe ! ) every Tuesday evening for its weekly Tucked In Tuesdays .
Post about a trending topic , whether on the news , a holiday , or a national observance .
For example , LiveOnNY tied in organ donation into this Halloween post .
Use inspirational quotes .
UNICEF , one of the most popular nonprofit Facebook pages , often posts inspirational quotes from youth across the globe .
Quiz your followers .
World Wildlife
Fund engaged with its followers by quizzing them on their wildlife knowledge .
Do you know the difference between a dolphin and a porpoise ?
( I did n’t before looking at this quiz ! )
You can create posts like this either in Facebook itself using the poll function , or create a blog post on the topic to which you can then direct your audience .
Thank your followers .
You can thank them for attending an event the following day , donating , or simply for showing up and interacting with your Facebook page .
SHOFCO made a lovely thank you post following # GivingTuesday .
3. Make Facebook Live Videos
Time : no extra time if streaming during events
Videos continue to be one of the most popular and high performing media to use on Facebook .
While the average engagement rate for Facebook posts is 3.6 % , video posts have a double average engagement rate of 6.13 % .
In fact , 60 % of users who watch digital videos do so on Facebook , second only to YouTube .
The easiest way to incorporate videos into your posts is to post live videos , since they do n’t require as much scripting or any editing .
You can live stream events , plan live - streamed Q&As , or demonstrations .
Hosting a Facebook Live is simple .
Here is how you can go live straight from your smartphone :
Go to the ' create post ' section of your page and click the Live button .
If you have n’t done so already , give Facebook access to your camera and microphone when prompted .
Write an interesting description of what will take place in the Live video .
Click the blue " Start Live Video " button to start broadcasting .
Click " Finish " when your live stream is complete .
How to Host a Successful Live Video
Make the most of your Live videos .
Facebook gives these five tips for hosting successful live videos .
1 . Go live with a strong connection .
Ensure your broadcast is as clear , high - resolution , and as stable as possible .
2. Engage with your audience .
Facebook prioritizes content that sparks conversations and includes meaningful interactions between real people .
Try these engagement methods :
Say hello to commenters by name and reply to their comments .
Answer questions on - air .
Pin great comments to the top of the chat .
Encourage event participants to engage with the audience via the live comments .
3. Broadcast for more extended periods to reach more people .
Facebook prioritizes longer videos ( over three minutes ) that inspire people to continue watching .
For Live broadcasts , the longer you are Live , the more likely people will discover the video .
4 . Tell people ahead of time when you 're going to broadcast .
Build anticipation by letting people know when you 'll be broadcasting live .
5 . Be creative and go Live often .
Try different types of broadcasts , and go live frequently to keep your audience engaged .
You can also use insights available in the Creator Studio to see what kind of content performs best and optimize your videos to focus on those topics .
You can also switch up your posting time to see if your audience prefers one time over another .
4. Create Facebook Events
Time : 15 minutes
When planning an event for your organization , do n't forget to include a Facebook event .
Even if you ’ve already sent out an email blast , the more reminders to your audience the better !
Plus , since potential attendees ’ friends can see that they ’ve clicked “ Interested ” or “ Attending ” , you have the chance to reach a larger audience who may not already be following your page .
Here are the steps :
Go to the Facebook Events page , and click the Create Event button at the bottom - left of your screen .
Select " Create Public Event " from the drop - down menu to make a public , not - invite - only event .
Select your brand 's Facebook page .
This will make sure the event is linked to your page so it can be promoted appropriately .
Complete all of the info on the screen .
You can include all of the vital information about your event , including event images and details .
When choosing an image , be sure to use a vivid and compelling image with little to no text .
Use keywords that will help people discover your event , like " panel , " " auction , " or " health fair . "
If you have one , add a link to your registration or ticket purchase page .
Add cohosts , like other organizations , committee chairs , or the event space .
This ensures they ’ll get a notification when the event is created , and will then be prompted to share your event as well ( and who does n’t love additional promotion ? ) .
Publish and promote your event !
Four Ways to Promote Your Event
Share the event frequently from your Facebook page , and pin the post to the top of your page .
Use other channels , like email and other social media sites , to drive potential attendees there .
Use the " Invite " tab on your event to invite your organization 's network and expected guests .
Consider running an ad to promote your event .
Read more about how to do that in this post .
5. Create Facebook Nonprofit Ads
Time : 1 hour
Facebook prioritizes friends and family posts over brands , making it harder and harder for nonprofit Facebook posts to be seen organically .
So , if you have a little budget to spare or experiment with , include boosting posts or running Facebook ads in your Facebook strategy to get more eyes on your content ( and thus more potential donors , members , or event attendees ) .
Learning how to create Facebook nonprofit ads is an incredible marketing skill to have .
For a thorough guide on Facebook Ads , check out our free , on - demand webinar " How to Start Using Facebook Ads to Reach a Big Audience with a Small Budget " and visit Hubspot 's Facebook Paid Ad Checklist .
For a quick glimpse at the process , here is an overview of how to create a Facebook Ad .
Start creating an ad through Facebook 's Ads Manager .
To create a new campaign , ad set , or ad through the Facebook Ad Manager , choose the type of ad you want to create and click the green " Create " button .
Select an objective .
There are many to choose from , including brand awareness , reach , website traffic , lead generation , and conversions .
For example , if you want your ad to be seen by as many people as possible , you will want to choose reach as an objective .
If you 're going to direct people to your website or a blog post , you will indicate website traffic as your objective .
Choose your audience .
You will be able to create a particular target audience for your ad .
Facebook provides several targeting options , including location , age , gender , languages , relationship , education , financial , interests , and more .
Creating the right custom audience will take lots of testing , trial , and error .
The longer you create ads , the more successful your targeting will be .
Set your budget .
You will have the option to set a daily budget or a lifetime budget .
Create your ad !
Now for the fun part .
You will create an advertisement based on the objective you set .
Facebook shared these tips to get the most engagement from your ads :
Use vertical videos , which is how most people use their phones .
Avoid text on images .
Instead , use the text / headline / link description boxes .
Keep your text short , clear , and concise to get your message across .
Add multiple images using the carousel format .
Ads with movement stand out in the News Feed .
Use videos or simple animations .
When you make a Stories ad , you can use free templates that automatically animate your ad .
Use calls to action ( CTA ) .
CTA buttons draw attention and encourage people to engage with your ad and will help you reach your ad's objection .
Track your ad's performance .
You 're not quite done when you publish your ad .
Keep an eye on it during the duration of the campaign so that you can make changes on underperforming ads and replicate well - performing ones .
6. Facebook Fundraisers : Are They For Your Nonprofit ?
Time :
Once approved , 3 minutes
Facebook Fundraisers allow people to create a fundraiser for their favorite organizations through Facebook .
The fundraising platform has been quite the controversy over the past few years .
Millions of dollars were raised through Facebook — $ 120 million on 2019 # GivingTuesday alone — but fundraisers struggle with the lack of control and donor information when going this route .
Before you jump into enabling Facebook Fundraisers for your organization , you can check out our full guide on the topic here .
Additionally , here are a few pros and cons to consider .
Pros
It ’s an excellent crowdfunding opportunity .
Your champions will fundraise for you , and your organization will be exposed to their family , friends , and network .
Facebook charges no fees for donations made to nonprofits .
It 's a great way to engage with new and current fans on Facebook .
Cons
You wo n't be able to cultivate an ongoing relationship with donors since you will not receive any donor information .
This is the most significant criticism of the platform fundraising tool .
You wo n't be able to control the images and messaging used in the fundraisers .
It can take a few weeks to get approval to allow people to create Facebook fundraisers for your organization .
Facebook Fundraisers are a fantastic way to raise money , but not the best way to build new donor relationships .
Nonprofit Social Media Strategist Julia Campbell gives solid advice to help you decide if Facebook Fundraisers will work for your organization :
" To determine if nonprofit fundraising on Facebook will work for your nonprofit , always return to your goals .
What would you like to achieve by setting up fundraisers on Facebook ?
If you want some quick cash for a specific project , then Facebook fundraising may be the way to go .
If you want to build your donor file , and build relationships with your donors , fundraising on Facebook is not the best avenue for long - term donor retention . "
Enabling Facebook Fundraising
The fundraising Facebook rules to apply as an organization may take time , but after that , it ’s simple .
Sign up to accept donations on Facebook .
To complete this application , you will need to provide a bank statement , information on your CEO or Executive Director , and your organization 's tax ID number ( EIN or VAT number ) .
This process could take two to three weeks .
Once your page is approved to accept donations , log in to Facebook , and click " Publishing Tools " in the top menu of your Facebook Page .
Find the Donation Settings under Fundraisers .
Check the box next to " allow people to create fundraisers " and to " allow people to add donate buttons next to their posts . "
Be sure to click Save .
We hope this post encouraged you to jump on the bandwagon to create and manage a Facebook page for your nonprofit .
Within just a few hours a week , this platform will help you check off many marketing goals , and will help you reach new audiences that would love to know about the incredible work your organization does .
And best of all ?
Once you ’ve done these things , you wo n’t have to spend very much time managing it going forward -- and Janet will stop asking you when it ’s finally going to happen .
( You ’re welcome . )
Do you have any other Facebook tips to make nonprofit marketers ’ lives easier ?
Let me know in the comments !
In a day marked by transition , another interesting one to note : @thewhitehouse , the Twitter account previously maintained by the Bush Administration , has changed hands to the Obama team .
The Bush team updated Twitter more than 1,500 times , mostly with links to content like the President ’s weekly radio address and more recently , text of executive orders issued in the final days of Bush ’s tenure .
Today , along with the rollout of a new Whitehouse.gov , the account is now featuring updates ( and a new avatar ) from Obama ’s new media team , with links to the text of the inaugural address and the new White House blog .
It ’s unclear how interactive the Twitter account will be , but it will certainly help appease those who have criticized the Obama team for failing to update the @BarackObama account since Election Day ( though a few updates have recently been posted ) .
@ The WhiteHouse is following only 7 other users – links for other departments of the US government as well as @wxchicago – the weather forecast in Obama ’s hometown .
What we can say with certainty , in the wake of the Red Cross report , is that the United States tortured prisoners and that the Bush administration , including the president himself , explicitly and aggressively denied that fact .
We can also say that the decision to torture , in a political war with militant Islam , harmed American interests by destroying the democratic and Constitutional reputation of the United States , undermining its liberal sympathizers in the Muslim world and helping materially in the recruitment of young Muslims to the extremist cause .
By deciding to torture , we freely chose to embrace the caricature they had made of us .
The consequences of this choice , legal , political and moral , now confront us .
Time and elections are not enough to make them go away .
Kristian Kissling
With its open source operating system , the OpenMoko Project was once the pride of the community .
Now , however , development of the new model will cease .
One of Switzerland 's leading newspapers , The Berner Zeitung , reports that OpenMoko 's planned Smartphone GTA03 has been put on ice and according to CEO Sean Moss - Pultz , speaking at the OpenExpo in Bern , the Taiwanese company FIC is laying off half its workforce .
Despite limited resources , development of the Smartphone will continue .
Moss -Pultz called for the community to help the project by purchasing the current model , programming new applications and removing bugs .
He hopes to implement such changes in later versions .
Meanwhile , OpenMoko is following Plan B : the company wants to release another device that also uses open source software , said Moss - Pultz at the conference .
He declined to go into detail , but it will not be a telecommunications device .
Reminder to Lloyds :
If a government tries to sell you a bank , you say No
Today Lloyds Banking Group ceded control to the UK government in return for UK taxpayers insuring £ 260 billion of toxic loans it acquired via its government - brokered merger with HBOS .
The UK government ’s stake has jumped from 45 % to 65 % under the terms .
Lloyds has also agreed with its new owners that it will lend an additional £ 28 billion over the next two years .
It ’s a sorry turn of events for an institution that can trace its roots back 250 years , and which was once rightly regarded as one of the UK ’s safest – and most boring – stock market investments .
This was a bank which paid a reliable 8 - 10 % dividend for years , ignoring calls for the payout to be scrapped and the money reinvested in proprietary operations or other ill - fated wheezes dreamed up by Wall Street during the boom years .
I myself held Lloyds shares specifically because I judged no CEO would want to be the first man to cut its dividend in more than two centuries .
And I was right – up until the government made it an offer it probably could n’t refuse in the shape of HBOS , the UK ’s largest mortgage lender .
Lloyds ’ CEO Eric
Daniels last month admitted to MPs that he had n’t done as much due diligence on HBOS prior as he ’d have liked .
Too right .
More than 80 % of the toxic loans the government is insuring , according to The Guardian newspaper today , come from the HBOS side of the business .
If it had n’t merged with HBOS , it ’s unlikely Lloyds would have had to go to the government .
It might even have still been paying that dividend .
Lloyds bank and me
I first bought Lloyds TSB shares in 2004 .
I watched them rise from £ 4 to £ 6 before seeing them crash down and selling out at £ 2.09 on November 5th 2008 as it looked increasingly likely the merger with HBOS would be bad for Lloyds ’ shareholders .
But hold the champagne : I had topped up on Lloyds shares as the price fell on the merger news .
Worse , I put the Lloyds money into more banks – HSBC and Standard Chartered – which have subsequently fallen too , though not half as badly as Lloyds .
Indeed , I ’d rate myself a C - minus rather than a D grade – because as I write , Lloyds shares are now worth just 40 pence each .
Caveat emptor ?
No wonder shares in Barclays , the still - privately owned UK bank hanging on after a grim 2008 , are now down to 60 pence .
As I wrote back in late January 2009 , UK bank shares are being driven by fear , and that fear should certainly extend to the grim hand of a government ‘ bailout ’ .
It ’s the height of irony , if you ’re a UK shareholder , to now hear complaints about how the UK government has ‘ rescued ’ UK banks , as if we ’re all sitting eating caviar and deciding which Northern town of we ’ll buy up for our next estate .
Sure , a few fatcats like former RBS CEO Sir Fred Goodwin have managed to slip away with millions .
But the average shareholder in Lloyds , Barclays , and RBS has seen their shareholdings fall to as little as a tenth of its peak value ( or worse ) .
And that includes every citizen with a pension linked to the UK stockmarket .
With government rescues like these , who needs bankruptcies ?
That is n’t to say I do n’t think the government is doing broadly the right thing ( whatever my qualms about the murky quantitative easing policy ) .
But I do think more humility and accountability is in order .
A few months ago Gordon Brown – a man for whom the word ‘ hubris ’ could have been invented – accidentally claimed he ’d saved the world .
He has n’t even saved the banks yet .
And he certainly has n’t saved the fortunes of shareholders and pensioners who were put money into these companies , only to endure the insult of seeing their investments kicked about as a political football , on top of financial injury .
Lloyds ’ CEO Eric Daniels and Chairman Sir Victor
Blank must either go , or spell out exactly what was said by the government that made them think merging with HBOS would be a good deal .
As for Gordon Brown , our unelected Prime Minister should stop calling for more state bailouts from other countries and accountability from the private sector , and instead call a General Election .
As the mighty Lloyds crumbles , his own legacy is looking dodgier by the day .
Some think the New Deal rescued America from economic crisis in the 1930s .
Others argue the opposite .
But whatever their ideology , and whatever their credentials , most of the pundits , historians and economists who debate the Great Depression agree about one thing :
Whatever may have caused the crisis , protectionism , trade barriers and , yes , the Smoot - Hawley Tariff Act , helped to ensure that it lasted as long as it did .
So uncontroversial is this view that it is virtually U.S. government policy .
" To this day , " intones a State Department Web site , " the phrase ' Smoot - Hawley ' remains a watchword for the perils of protectionism . "
With equal solemnity , government officials everywhere are echoing that sentiment .
Last weekend , the finance ministers of the Group of Seven again swore fealty to the official anti-tariff mantra , announcing that they remain " committed to avoiding protectionist measures , which would only exacerbate the downturn . "
The U.S. Treasury secretary , Tim Geithner , agreed : " All countries need to sustain a commitment to open trade and investment policies which are essential to economic growth . "
So did his German colleague : " We will have to do everything to ensure history does not repeat itself . "
Which is all very well -- except that there are many ways to pursue protectionist policies , and rest assured that every single one of them is being tried by someone , somewhere , right now .
New tariffs are already in force , for example in Russia , where especially high ones have destroyed the previously thriving used - car import business ( and thus inspired used - car salesmen to stage unusually violent protests ) .
Rumors of more tariffs pending -- in Brazil , in the Philippines -- are haunting the steel industry trade press , too .
Still , these are minor infractions .
The real story , over the next several years , will be the spread of more carefully camouflaged protectionism : measures , some legal , some not , designed to help one nation 's workers or companies at the expense of those next door .
These kinds of games are already being played stealthily in Europe , where , despite pious recitations by G - 7 finance ministers -- and despite the free - trade rules that are supposed to be enforced by the European Union -- almost everyone is seeking to protect domestic industry .
The French have not only thrown heavy subsidies at their automobile industry , they have made it crystal clear that the money is to be spent in France .
" If we are to give financial assistance to the auto industry , we do n't want to see another factory being moved to the Czech Republic , " declared President Nicolas Sarkozy , failing to note that the Czechs and the French theoretically belong to the same free - trade zone , with open borders .
Meanwhile , the Slovaks , who live in the same free - trade zone , have declared that if the French try anything funny with Slovakia , they 're going to send Gaz de France packing .
The Germans , whose economy depends heavily on exports , often object to all of this -- but they are quietly playing a subtler game , offering special loans to German companies , for example , through German banks which the German government now partly owns .
The Spanish have also joined in , with subsidies for Spanish companies , as have the Swedes .
Both , like the United States , started with the automobile industry -- but if cars , why not other industries , too ?
Some British banks , meanwhile , have quietly told their employees not to invest abroad .
Whatever the finance ministers might say , all of these measures are , of course , extremely popular , and political parties of all stripes have capitalized on them wherever possible .
The U.S. Congress put its nonsensical " Buy American . . . as long as no trade laws are broken " clause into the stimulus bill , thus guaranteeing that every infrastructure investment will be accompanied by a flood of extra paperwork .
A Spanish minister has called on his nation to " Buy Spanish . "
In England the most popular strike slogan is " British jobs for British workers . "
Expect more than one political leader , on more than one continent , to rise to power in the next few years riding a wave of protectionist sentiment .
But this should surprise no one ; after all , Smoot - Hawley was popular , too .
At the time of its passage , more than 1,000 economists of all ideologies signed a petition against it .
Since then , historians have reckoned that it reinforced the global slump : Between 1929 and 1934 , world trade declined by 66 percent .
Still , the politicians of the 1930s knew which way the popular winds were blowing -- and those of the present know , too .
There is no need to hold any further G - 7 meetings to warn against the perils of a protectionist world :
We 're living in one already .
applebaumletters@washpost.com
Lorentz Invariance Abnormality Could Overturn Building Block Of Einstein's Relativity , Say Physicists
Physicists at Indiana University have developed a promising new way to identify a possible abnormality in a fundamental building block of Einstein 's theory of relativity known as " Lorentz invariance . "
If confirmed , the abnormality would disprove the basic tenet that the laws of physics remain the same for any two objects traveling at a constant speed or rotated relative to one another .
IU distinguished physics professor Alan Kostelecky and graduate student Jay Tasson take on the long - held notion of the exact symmetry promulgated in Einstein 's 1905 theory and show in a paper to be published in the Jan.
9 issue of Physical Review Letters that there may be unexpected violations of Lorentz invariance that can be detected in specialized experiments .
" It is surprising and delightful that comparatively large relativity violations could still be awaiting discovery despite a century of precision testing , " said Kostelecky .
" Discovering them would be like finding a camel in a haystack instead of a needle . "
If the findings help reveal the first evidence of Lorentz violations , it would prove relativity is not exact .
Space - time would not look the same in all directions and there would be measurable relativity violations , however minuscule .
The violations can be understood as preferred directions in empty space - time caused by a mesh - like vacuum of background fields .
These would be separate from the entirety of known particles and forces , which are explained by a theory called the Standard Model that includes Einstein 's theory of relativity .
The background fields are predicted by a generalization of this theory called the Standard Model Extension , developed by Kostelecky to describe all hypothetical relativity violations .
Hard to detect , each background field offers its own universal standard for determining whether or not an object is moving , or in which direction it is going .
If a field interacts with certain particles , then the behavior of those particles changes and can reveal the relativity violations caused by the field .
Gravity distorts the fields , and this produces particle behaviors that can reveal otherwise hidden violations .
The new violations change the gravitational properties of objects depending on their motion and composition .
Objects on the Earth are always moving differently in different seasons because the Earth revolves around the Sun , so apples could fall faster in some seasons than others .
Also , different objects like apples and oranges may fall differently .
" No dedicated experiment has yet sought a seasonal variation of the rate of an object 's fall in the Earth 's gravity , " said Kostelecky .
" Since Newton 's time over 300 years ago , apples have been assumed to fall at the same rate in the summer and the winter . "
Spotting these minute variances is another matter as the differences in rate of fall would be tiny because gravity is a weak force .
The new paper catalogues possible experiments that could detect the effects .
Among them are ones studying gravitational properties of matter on the Earth and in space .
The Standard Model Extension predicts that a particle and an antiparticle would interact differently with the background fields , which means matter and antimatter would feel gravity differently .
So , an apple and an anti-apple could fall at different rates , too .
" The gravitational properties of antimatter remain largely unexplored , " said Kostelecky .
" If an apple and an anti-apple were dropped simultaneously from the leaning Tower of Pisa , nobody knows whether they would hit the ground at the same or different times . "
• Man tried to calm pet down with cannabis smoke • ' Lots of people do this , I 'm just the first to get caught '
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
A man who stuffed his girlfriend 's cat into a marijuana bong said he had done it on other occasions and it had calmed the cat down .
Acea Schomaker of Lincoln , Nebraska , said he never intended to hurt six - month - old Shadow .
Sheriff 's deputies fined 20 - year - old Schomaker for animal cruelty after responding to a domestic disturbance .
Officers caught him smoking from a box - like contraption with Shadow inside the 30 cm x 15 cm base .
Schomaker 's girlfriend , Marissa Vieux , was fined for animal cruelty because she allegedly did not try to stop ­Schomaker , Sergeant Andy Stebbing said .
Vieux , 22 , said she took in the cat two months ago from friends who had abused it .
Schomaker said the cat would bite and scratch but he did not want to discipline it by swatting or squirting water at it .
He said they did not take it to an animal shelter for fear it would be put down .
Schomaker said he decided to use the bong because he had heard about people calming their pets by blowing marijuana smoke in their faces .
" I know for sure this is n't the first time someone has done this , " he said .
" I 'm just the first one to get caught . "
He said he put the cat in the bong a total of three times and it calmed the cat .
" Every time we took her out she would pretty much just lay down and proceed to clean herself and act like a stoned person , " Schomaker said .
The bong had a 30 cm piece of garden hose coming out of a Plexiglas box , with the top secured with duct tape .
Schomaker said the pipe was built in such a way that the cat did not get too immersed in smoke .
Schomaker said police and animal ­specialists lectured him about why what he had done was cruel .
He said he had learned from his mistake .
Correct me if I 'm wrong , but that looks like a telco POTS run to what the phone company people would call a " main frame " ( not to be confused with a computer mainframe ) .
This is where your plain old telephone service line from your house enters the phone co. central office .
It feeds what amounts to a giant punch - down block , size of a whole room .
It 's vay old school , before they went to digital cross connects .
If I 'm correct ( I 've only seen these a few times back in the day ) , then consider this :
How often did your old copper phone line go down ?
Rarely .
They had a lot of automatic testing and repair in the old days , plus an army of craftpeople ( what they called technicians ) who worked like monks to keep this stuff online .
Now let me tell you about the time I saw an old 1AESS electromechanical switch ROOM ( yes , it took up the whole floor of a buidling ) .
Damn , I 'm old ...
“ Once you are in the Sydney housing market you are pretty well set then for the rest of your life , ” It ’s the claim of New South Wales Housing Minister , Anthony Roberts .
The Sydney property market is one of the most expensive in the world , and with Australia also having the …
In a move seemingly designed to further our frustrations with broadband providers , Time Warner Cable has soft - announced an " unlimited " package once its new data caps go into place ... for an affordable $ 150 monthly charge .
Responding to criticism over the company 's plans to start capping usage and charging for overages , Landel Hobbs clarified the provider 's stance , letting users know that the capping would be limited to a $ 75 ceiling , thus ( when paired with its top tier plan ) would provide " virtually unlimited " usage .
Virtually unlimited .
Here 's a rundown of what the COO proposes :
A limited package for " light users " at 1GB / month , 768KB down / 128 KB up , with overage charges of $ 2 / GB / month .
Road Runner Lite , Basic , Standard , and Turbo packages at 10 GB / 20 GB / 40 GB / and 60 GB caps , respectively , and overage charges at $ 1 / GB / month .
A big daddy , 100GB Turbo package at $ 75 / month with overage fees of $ 1 / GB , which , when coupled with that magic threshold of $ 75 in charges , becomes the " unlimited " plan .
We only have two questions , guys .
First , how will you let end users know they 're hitting caps ?
Right now there 's no centralized solution for monitoring bandwidth .
Even cell phones show minutes used , so will you give us the infrastructure for broadband monitoring ?
Secondly -- instead of giving users a " virtually " unlimited package , why not just sell an unlimited package at $ 150 a month ?
The impression we get is that you want to leave the door open for aggressive users , and that your capping of capping charges might be a moving target in the right situation .
[ Via eWeek
We have all the trendiest and latest handsets from all the leading brands .
Our goal is to provide you maximum satisfaction .
We are the top and the finest retailer who offer best deals in mobile phones , and we promise to serve you the best .
Click here to see more advice about phones .
every once and a while you have to stop and taste the roses
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - The United States needs a safer way to shut down large nonbank financial firms without destabilizing the entire financial system , Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke said on Friday .
KEY POINTS : * “ We have such a regime for insured depository institutions , but it is clear we need something similar for systemically important nonbank financial entities , ” he said in prepared remarks to a community bankers convention in Phoenix . * “ Improved resolution procedures for these firms would help reduce the too - big - to - fail problem by giving the government the option of safely winding down a systemically important firm rather than keeping it operating , ” he said .
COMMENTS :
CARY LEAHEY , ECONOMIST , DECISION ECONOMICS , NEW YORK :
“ Bernanke is making a very mild pitch for a too - big - to - fail regulator which he would like to be the Federal Reserve .
But more importantly , the Federal Reserve and other policymakers are begging Congress to set up a new framework so that we can more effectively wind down institutions like AIG without having to resort to bankruptcy court .
“ Bernanke is expressing some policy outrage about the AIG situation , but unfortunately , though he can’t say this publicly , the potential clawback of AIG bonuses would apply to any large organizations that got involved with the government and what that really means is an end to the TARP and the TALF program .
No financial institution is going to be willing to do business with the U.S. government if the rules change in the middle of the game .
DAN COOK , SENIOR MARKET ANALYST , IG MARKETS , CHICAGO :
“ Basically he had some comments out but did not say anything new .
He said , we ca n’t expect any type of economic recovery until we stabilize our financial sector and that is nothing too earth shattering .
I did not expect a lot from him , particularly after Wednesday , probably just reaffirming what he said then and the reasoning behind it . ”
LEE OLVER , FIXED INCOME STRATEGIST , SMH CAPITAL , HOUSTON :
“ Clearly the approach we have dealt with financial companies individually has n’t worked very well . ”
“ These toxic assets are valued so low .
You ca n’t let a bank to make up value and ignore these assets . ”
MARKET REACTION : STOCKS : U.S. equity indexes stay mostly lower .
BONDS : U.S. Treasury debt prices hold at little changed .
DOLLAR : U.S. dollar extends gains versus yen .
The Explorer
Mixins considered harmful /
2
by Michele Simionato
January 6 , 2009
Summary
In this post I clarify my position with respect to mixins , I show a few common design mistakes and I suggest some alternative solution .
Advertisement
A few conceptual issues with mixins
In the first article of this series I have discussed a very serious problem of the mixin approach , i.e. the namespace overpopulation issue .
The overpopulation issue comes from the idea of growing functionality by adding more and more mixin classes , which is just plain wrong .
It is true that you can use the idea in little frameworks with little damage , but that does not make it a good design solution .
Small frameworks have a tendency to grow , and you should not start with a weak design .
Some reader argued that this is not a problem of mixins per se , but a problem of bad design .
That is true , but I maintain that a technique which is so easy to misuse even by expert programmers , should be regarded with suspicion , especially when there are better solutions available .
Moreover , I have a few conceptual issues with mixins - as implemented in most languages - which are independent of the overpopulation problem .
First of all , I think everybody agrees that the best way to solve a complex problem is to split it in smaller subproblems , by following the dividi et impera principle .
The disturbing thing about mixins is that the principle is applied at the beginning ( the problem is decomposed in smaller independent units ) but at the end all the functionalities are added back to the client class as an undifferentiated soup of methods .
Therefore a design based on mixins looks clean to the framework writer - everything is well separated in his mind - but it looks messy to the framework user - she sees methods coming from all directions without a clear separation .
It is really the same situation than using the from module import * idiom , which is rightly frowned upon .
I find it most unpythonic that mixins make the life of the framework writer easier , but the life of the framework reader more difficult , since the goal of Python is to make code easy to read , not easy to write .
The scenario I have in mind is the usual one : a poor programmer who needs to debug an object coming from a gigantic framework which is terra incognita to her , without any documentation and with a strict deadline ( do you see yourself in there ? ) .
In such conditions a framework heavily based on mixins makes things harder , since the programmer gets drowned under hundreds of methods which are properly ordered in mixin classes on the paper , but not on the battle field .
There is also another conceptual issue .
The idea behind mixins is that they should be used for generic functionality which can be applied to different classes ( think of mixins like Persistent , Comparable , Printable , etc. ) .
But this is exactly the same situation where you want to use generic functions .
In this post of mine I actually argue that generic functions ( a.k.a. multimethods ) are a better solution than mixins .
I also provide a very concrete example , which I think generalizes .
The advantage of generic functions is that they are clearly defined outside classes , whereas the mixin approach is kind of schizophrenic : the functionality is actually defined externally , but that fact is made invisible to the final user .
I am a big fan of generic functions which are already used in the Python word - print is a generic function , the comparison operators are generic functions , numpy universal functions ( ufunctions ) are generic functions , etc - but should be used even more .
With generic functions , mixins becomes useless .
A side effect is that the class namespace becomes much slimmer : for instance , in CLOS classes are used just to contain state , whereas the methods live in a separate namespace .
In most languages instead , classes are used as a namespace control mechanism , performing double duty - namespace control should be the job of modules .
A particularly bad usage of mixins A tipical beginner 's tutorial ( for instance , I recommend Using Mix-ins with Python , by Chuck Esterbrook which is very well written and very informative , even if the point of view is exactly the opposite of mine ) will tell you that mixins are used to add functionality to the classes they mix in .
For instance a mixin class WithLog could be used to enhance a pre-existing class C with a logging capability : class C ( object ) : " A base class " class WithLog ( object ) : " A mixin class " @property def log( self ) : return logging.getLogger(self.__class__.__name__ ) class C_WithLog( C , WithLog ) : " A mixin - enhanced class "
An example of usage is the following : >>> c = C_WithLog ( ) >>> c.log.warn ( " hello " )
That prints WARNING : C_WithLog : hello .
The usage of mixins you see here is wrong : why would you use inheritance when you need just one method ?
You can just import the one method you need !
Generally speaking , a mixin class has sense only when you have a set of methods which belong together : if you have a single method , or a set of disconnected methods , you are much better off by defining the methods externally , in an utility module , and then by importing them in the class namespace .
Of course , here I am assuming that you really want the external method to end up in the class namespace , possibly because of interface requirements , but I am not saying that this is always a good idea .
You can import the method in your class as simply as that : class CWithLog ( C ) : from utility import log # log is the property defined above
This approach is very little used in Python , probably because most people coming from other languages do not know it is possible , but it is in my opinion a much clearer solution than inheritance .
The problem with inheritance is that it requires a substantial cognitive load : when I see the line of code class C_WithLog( C , WithLog ) I immediately I ask myself many questions : which methods are exported by C_WithLog ?
is there any method of C which accidentally overrides one of the methods of C_WithLog ?
if yes , is there any method cooperation mechanism ( super ) or not ? what are the ancestors of C_WithLog ?
which methods are coming from them ?
are such methods overridden by some C method ? is there a cooperation mechanism on C_WithLog ancestors ?
What 's the method resolution order of the hierarchy ?
On the other hand , if I see from utility import log I have very little to understand and very little to worry about .
The only caution in this specific example is that I will have a single logger shared by all instances of the class since logging.getLogger(self.__class__.__name__ ) will return always the same object .
If I need different loggers with different configurations for different instances I will have to override the .log attribute on a case by case basis , or I will have to use a different strategy , such as the dependency injection pattern , i.e .
I will have to pass the logger to the constructor .
Acceptable usages of mixins
There are usages for mixins which are restricted in scope and not dangerous : for instance , you can use mixins for implementing the comparison interface , or the mapping interface .
This is actually the approach suggested by the standard library , and by the new ABC 's in Python 2.6 .
This is an acceptable usage : in this case there is no incontrollable growth of methods , since you are actually implementing well know interfaces - typically a few specific special methods .
In order to give a practical example , let me discuss a toy application .
Suppose you want to define a PictureContainer class in an application to manage pictures and photos .
A PictureContainer object may contain both plain pictures ( instances of a Picture class ) and PictureContainer objects , recursively .
From the point of view of the Python programmer it could make sense to implement such a class by using a dictionary .
A Picture object will contain information such as the picture title , the picture date , and a few methods to read and write the picture on the storage ( the file system , a relation database , an object database like the ZODB or the AppEngine datastore , or anything else ) .
The first version of the PictureContainer class could be something like that : class SimplePictureContainer ( object ) : " A wrapper around the .data dictionary , labelled by an id " def __init__ ( self , id , pictures_or_containers ) : self .id = id self .data = {} # the inner dictionary for poc in pictures_or_containers : # both pictures and containers must have an .id self.data[poc.id ] = poc
At this point , one realized that it is annoying to call the inner dictionary directly and that it would be nicer to expose its methods .
A simple solution is to leverage on the standard library class UserDict .
DictMixin which is there just for that use case .
Since we are at it , we can also add the logging functionality : that means that the low - level interface ( calling directly the inner dictionary methods ) will not log whereas the high level interface will log : class BetterPictureContainer ( SimplePictureContainer , DictMixin ) : from utility import log def __getitem__ ( self , id ) : return self . data [ id ] def __setitem__ ( self , id , value ) : self.log.info(' Adding or replacing %s into %s ' , id , self.id ) self.data[id ] = value def __delitem__( self , id ) : self.log.warn (' Deleting %s ' , id ) del self .
data [ id ] def keys ( self ) : return self.data.keys ( )
Using DictMixin is acceptable , since DictMixin provided to its subclasses the standard interface of a dictionary , a conceptually tied set of methods ; the dictionary interface is well know to anybody knowing how to use dictionaries in Python , so that the cognitive load is zero ; DictMixin allows a substantial code reuse : we redefined explicitly just 4 methods , but actually we are indirecty affecting 17 other methods : __cmp__ , __contains__ , __iter__ , __len__ , __repr__ , clear , get , has_key , items , iteritems , iterkeys , itervalues , pop , popitem , setdefault , update , values : without DictMixin we would need to reimplement all of them .
However , notice that in this example the usage of DictMixin as mixin class is acceptable , but not optimal : the best solution is to use DictMixin as a base class , not as a mixin class .
The core problem is that we started from a wrong desing : we wrote SimplePictureContainer when we did not know of the existence of DictMixin .
Now , a posteriori , we are trying to fix the mistake by using multiple inheritance , but that it not the Rigth Thing ( TM ) to do .
The right thing would be to change the source code of SimplePictureContainer and to derive directly from DictMixin .
In the real world usually you do not have complete control of the code : you may leverage on a third party library with a design error , or simply with an old library , written when DictMixin did not exist .
In such a situation you may have no way to modify the source code .
Then using DictMixin and multiple inheritance is a perfectly acceptable workaround , but it is a workaround still , and it should not be traded for a clever design .
Moreover , even the best examples of mixins could be replaced by generic functions : this is why I would not provide mixins , should I write a new language from scratch .
Of course , in an existing language like Python , one has to follow the common idioms , so I use mixins in a few controlled cases , and I have no problems with that .
For instance , one could define an Equality Mixin which defines the special methods __eq__ and __ne__ , with __ne__ being the logical negation of __eq__ ( Python does not do that by default ) .
That would be a fine usage but I do n't do that , I prefer to duplicate two lines of code and to write the __ne__ method explicitly , to avoid complicating my inheritance hierarchy .
One should should decide when to use a mixin or not on a case by case basis , with a bias for the not .
Talk Back !
Have an opinion ?
Readers have already posted 10 comments about this weblog entry .
Why not add yours ?
RSS Feed
If you 'd like to be notified whenever Michele Simionato adds a new entry to his weblog , subscribe to his RSS feed .
About the Blogger
Michele Simionato started his career as a Theoretical Physicist , working in Italy , France and the U.S.
He turned to programming in 2003 ; since then he has been working professionally as a Python developer and now he lives in Milan , Italy .
Michele is well known in the Python community for his posts in the newsgroup (s ) , his articles and his Open Source libraries and recipes .
His interests include object oriented programming , functional programming , and in general programming metodologies that enable us to manage the complexity of modern software developement .
This weblog entry is Copyright © 2009 Michele Simionato .
All rights reserved .
Welcome to Programming
I love programming .
I enjoy the challenge to not only make a working program , but to do so with style .
Programming is like poetry .
It conveys a message , not only to the computer , but to those who modify and use your program .
With a program , you build your own world with your own rules .
You create your world according to your conception of both the problem and the solution .
Masterful programmers create worlds with programs that are clear and succinct , much like a poem or essay .
One of the greatest programmers , Donald Knuth , describes programming not as telling a computer how to do something , but telling a person how they would instruct a computer to do something .
The point is that programs are meant to be read by people , not just computers .
Your programs will be modified and updated by others long after you move on to other projects .
Thus , programming is not as much about communicating to a computer as it is communicating to those who come after you .
A programmer is a problem - solver , a poet , and an instructor all at once .
Your goal is to solve the problem at hand , doing so with balance and taste , and teach your solution to future programmers .
I hope that this book can teach at least some of the poetry and magic that makes computing exciting .
Most introductory books on programming frustrate me to no end .
At the end of them you can still ask " how does the computer really work ? " and not have a good answer .
They tend to pass over topics that are difficult even though they are important .
I will take you through the difficult issues because that is the only way to move on to masterful programming .
My goal is to take you from knowing nothing about programming to understanding how to think , write , and learn like a programmer .
You wo n't know everything , but you will have a background for how everything fits together .
At the end of this book , you should be able to do the following :
Understand how a program works and interacts with other programs
Read other people 's programs and learn how they work
Learn new programming languages quickly
Learn advanced concepts in computer science quickly
I will not teach you everything .
Computer science is a massive field , especially when you combine the theory with the practice of computer programming .
However , I will attempt to get you started on the foundations so you can easily go wherever you want afterwards .
There is somewhat of a chicken and egg problem in teaching programming , especially assembly language .
There is a lot to learn - it is almost too much to learn almost at all at once .
However , each piece depends on all the others , which makes learning it a piece at a time difficult .
Therefore , you must be patient with yourself and the computer while learning to program .
If you do n't understand something the first time , reread it .
If you still do n't understand it , it is sometimes best to take it by faith and come back to it later .
Often after more exposure to programming the ideas will make more sense .
Do n't get discouraged .
It 's a long climb , but very worthwhile .
At the end of each chapter are three sets of review exercises .
The first set is more or less regurgitation - they check to see if can you give back what you learned in the chapter .
The second set contains application questions - they check to see if you can apply what you learned to solve problems .
The final set is to see if you are capable of broadening your horizons .
Some of these questions may not be answerable until later in the book , but they give you some things to think about .
Other questions require some research into outside sources to discover the answer .
Still others require you to simply analyze your options and explain a best solution .
Many of the questions do n't have right or wrong answers , but that does n't mean they are unimportant .
Learning the issues involved in programming , learning how to research answers , and learning how to look ahead are all a major part of a programmer 's work .
If you have problems that you just can't get past , there is a mailing list for this book where readers can discuss and get help with what they are reading .
The address is < pgubook-readers@nongnu.org > .
This mailing list is open for any type of question or discussion along the lines of this book .
You can subscribe to this list by going to http://mail.nongnu.org/mailman/listinfo/pgubook-readers.
If you are thinking of using this book for a class on computer programming but do not have access to Linux computers for your students , I highly suggest you try to find help from the K - 12 Linux Project .
Their website is at http://www.k12linux.org/ and they have a helpful and responsive mailing list available .
LOS ANGELES  Hollywood could get used to this recession thing .
While much of the economy is teetering between bust and bailout , the movie industry has been startled by a box - office surge that has little precedent in the modern era .
Suddenly it seems as if everyone is going to the movies , with ticket sales this year up 17.5 percent , to $ 1.7 billion , according to Media by Numbers , a box - office tracking company .
And it is not just because ticket prices are higher .
Attendance has also jumped , by nearly 16 percent .
If that pace continues through the year , it would amount to the biggest box - office surge in at least two decades .
Americans , for the moment , just want to hide in a very dark place , said Martin Kaplan , the director of the Norman Lear Center for the study of entertainment and society at the University of Southern California .
“ It ’s not rocket science , ” he said .
“ People want to forget their troubles , and they want to be with other people . ”
As a former prisoner I recognise better than most that people in prison , and I include myself , are there because they deserve to be locked up .
Some need to be there for the safety of society and some need to be there to be punished – and the loss of their liberty is a fair punishment for a lot of people .
But most offenders inside Britain 's prisons are low on the scale of criminality and if we are interested in reducing offending rates and getting people into law - abiding lifestyles , which currently we could hardly be doing a worse job of , then we need to consider reform .
We have a system in which two thirds of prisoners are re-offending within two years .
When you think that this is a prison system upon which we spend nearly £ 20 bn a year , it 's a very poor return .
Because our system is based on punishment rather than rehabilitation , we are simply creating a permanent conveyor belt of crime and offending , which in turn leads to prison overcrowding .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
People released from prison end up back there because they are not helped to integrate back into society .
The best way to do that is for them to get a job , but our current legislation only allows for criminal records to be expunged after at least 10 years .
It makes it impossible for former prisoners to get jobs because if they are given an interview they are forced to admit that they have a criminal record .
No one will then employ them , and they are dragged back into a life of crime .
No one is suggesting that people who have committed sex offences or have committed serious or violent crimes such as murder or rape should not have to disclose their criminal past .
But depending on things such as age and seriousness of offence , this rule could be relaxed .
I think that in the case of a young prisoner who has committed a minor offence the time period for expunging a criminal record could be as little as two years .
This would mean that they could make a fresh start when they have served their time and would be able to apply for jobs without having to mention the fact that they have a criminal record .
It is a similar system to the Second Chance Act brought in in the United States last year under the sponsorship of Joe Biden .
I see no reason why it can't work here .
I have not gone soft on crime just because I have been in prison , but I am the first to admit that if I were to look up some of the speeches I used to make as a right - of - centre Tory backbencher back in the 1970s , I know they would make me blush .
I used to call for tougher sentences and say things like , " Life should mean life " .
I do not think I ever went as far as to say , " Lock them up and throw away the key " , but I was from that school of thought .
With hindsight , I now realise that this is an unintelligent way to think if you are at all interested in reducing offending rates and rehabilitating people after they have paid their debt to society .
In Holloway Prison in north London it costs £ 52,000 a year to house women inmates , the majority of whom are not dangerous prisoners and could easily be kept in community homes .
At £ 300 a week as opposed to £ 1,000 , not only would this be cheaper , but it would go a long way to enabling these women to re-join society .
They would be closer to their families and would have the opportunity to look for and apply for jobs .
That would be a much better system .
I do not want to make excuses for my crime .
I have always accepted that what I did was wrong and that I deserved to be sent to prison for it .
I have never complained about my prison sentence .
But when I came out I had plenty of problems .
I did not have a bank account and I was not allowed a credit card for a very long time .
It was because , in the eyes of the bank , I was a criminal .
It was not until I could prove that I was committed to earning an honest living that they gave allowed me a credit card .
I had a difficult re-entry period during which I found it very difficult to get started again and I fully concede that I would have found it a lot easier than most people .
The sad fact is that the deficiencies in our system are making it difficult for prisoners to reintegrate into society and instead they are leading people back to a life of crime .
This will continue to be the case unless we look at reform .
We need to move away from retribution and towards rehabilitation .
Jonathan Aitken is a former Conservative MP who was imprisoned for perjury .
His report , ' Locked Up Potential ' , for the Centre for Social Justice , is published today .
He was speaking to Mark Hughes
The recordings include a talk given by Samba 's Jeremy Allison on Microsoft and its relationship with the free software community , and Gnash developer Rob Savoye announcing the Cygnal project -- a rich media server with features roughly compatible with the Flash Media Server .
Two members of the autonomo.us group , Evan Prodromou and FSF director Mako Hill , spoke about efforts to engineer for free network services and the successful launch of the micro- blogging service identi.ca .
The event , which was attended by free software activists from all over the world , also included a panel discussion on regional software activism efforts from Brian Gough of the GNU Project , Ryan Bagueros of North - by - South and Bradley M. Kuhn of the Software Freedom Conservancy .
FSF president Richard Stallman announced a new article and campaign targeting the dangers of nonfree JavaScript , then presented the FSF Award for the Advancement of Free Software to Wietse Venema , developer of the Postfix mail server , and the FSF Award for Projects of Social Benefit to Creative Commons .
" These recordings provide the free software community an opportunity to hear about some of the important work underway , and to get connected with the priorities that the Free Software Foundation is staking out for the coming year " said Peter Brown , FSF executive director .
The recordings , presented in the Ogg Vorbis and Ogg Speex codecs , as well as photographs of the event , courtesy of local photographer Matt Hins can be found at http://www.fsf.org/associate/meetings/2009/
About the Free Software Foundation
The Free Software Foundation , founded in 1985 , is dedicated to promoting computer users ' right to use , study , copy , modify , and redistribute computer programs .
The FSF promotes the development and use of free ( as in freedom ) software -- particularly the GNU operating system and its GNU / Linux variants -- and free documentation for free software .
The FSF also helps to spread awareness of the ethical and political issues of freedom in the use of software , and its Web sites , located at fsf.org and gnu.org , are an important source of information about GNU / Linux .
Donations to support the FSF 's work can be made at http://donate.fsf.org.
Its headquarters are in Boston , MA , USA .
Media Contacts
Matt Lee
Campaigns manager
Free Software Foundation
+1 ( 617 ) 542 5942 x24
campaigns@fsf.org
###
Landsbanki was one of the banks that was taken over by the authorities Charities in the UK that lost millions of pounds when the Icelandic banking system collapsed should get a bail - out , according to a committee of MPs .
But local authorities that suffered the same fate should not be compensated , the Treasury Select Committee said .
Deposits held by British citizens living outside the UK with savings in these banks ' offshore arms should also not be covered .
Iceland 's financial sector collapsed last October , riddled with bad debt .
The committee 's report into the Icelandic fall - out is the first of a series of findings on the banking crisis .
Bail - out
The committee recommended a one - off compensation package for charities which lost an estimated £ 120 m of deposits with the Icelandic banks .
[ This ] has raised many new questions about issues such as consumer advice and cross - border regulation of financial institutions
John McFall
Treasury Committee chairman
Full list of council deposits
Why did councils trust the banks ?
Many of these charities were too big to be covered by the government 's deposit insurance scheme and face trying to get back funds from the banks ' administrators .
" At a time when more people than ever may be faced with difficult circumstances , we believe that it is imperative that charities have access to the funds that were provided to them by the public , " the report said .
It also called for a fresh look at the classification of charities under the government 's protection scheme to avoid similar cases in the future .
The committee did not offer the same support to local authorities that had sunk a total of nearly £ 1bn into accounts with the Icelandic banks .
Diligence ?
The report acknowledged that , although some councils would " feel hard done by " regarding the limitations of government support for them , it would be " perverse " for them to be compensated .
" They have a duty to the taxpayer diligently to protect the money they are investing on their behalf .
Some authorities have shown themselves to be better than others in this regard , " the report said .
" Under these circumstances , it would seem perverse to reward those authorities who failed to protect their investment with yet more money from the taxpayer . "
Unsurprisingly , the conclusions were welcomed by a charities ' group , but criticised by the Local Government Association ( LGA ) .
" We now need the chancellor to act swiftly and compensate those [ charities ] which have lost funds , " said John Low , chief executive of the Charities Aid Foundation .
Margaret Eaton , chairman of the LGA , said : " There must be a consistent and fair approach to compensation .
If charities are to be compensated , why should there no relief whatsoever for the council taxpayer ?
Councils provide vital services to society 's most vulnerable people . "
Chancellor 's comments Iceland was thrown into economic chaos when its three biggest banks were taken over by the authorities .
Iceland suffered more than most countries from the downturn First to lose independence was First Glitnir , closely followed by Landsbanki , which owns Icesave - an internet bank used by many UK customers .
Finally , Iceland 's biggest bank , Kaupthing , was nationalised in October .
Iceland 's government blamed UK Chancellor Alistair Darling for undermining confidence in Kaupthing by using anti-terrorism laws to seize Landsbanki's UK assets .
Mr Darling said that UK depositors and creditors were unlikely to be protected to the same extent as Icelandic ones .
" We also have seen no evidence that Kaupthing would have survived if the Chancellor had not expressed his views , " the report concluded .
However , it expressed concern over the Financial Services Authority 's " impotence " to tackle the fears raised by the former boss of Singer and Friedlander about the takeover by Kaupthing in 2005 .
British savers Hundreds of letters were sent to the committee from British savers who had deposits with Landsbanki's Guernsey arm and Kaupthing Singer and Friedlander 's Isle of Man operation .
But the committee recommended that the UK government could not compensate losses by British citizens in jurisdictions outside the direct control of the UK .
Some 2,000 Landsbanki depositors in Guernsey have received 30 p in the pound on an estimated £ 117 m .
Around 10,000 savers with £ 840 m tied up in Kaupthing 's Isle of Man business have received £ 105 m back so far , but they do not know how much they will receive in total .
In 2008 , Kaupthing Singer and Friedlander ( Isle of Man ) took over the Isle of Man subsidiary of the Derbyshire Building Society .
Those with long - term bonds had no chance to remove their funds without a penalty .
Offshore savers using independent financial advisers were not advised of the changing risk profile of their savings , the committee found .
" This aspect of our banking crisis inquiry has also raised many new questions about issues such as consumer advice and cross - border regulation of financial institutions , " said the committee 's chairman , John McFall .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A world of aliens at the bottom of the sea .
Understanding the Linux Directory Layout
The layout
A quick ‘ ls ’ command will show you the directory structure of any linux system .
Just go to the root directory , ‘cd /’ and type ‘ ls ’ .
In my current system , Ubuntu 8.10 I have :
bin
Bin contains the system binary files that are essential for general operation of your computer .
These exectuable files are the next line after the system kernel .
Withtout these you ca n’t do a whole lot of anything on your computer .
Some of these include :
cp - Copy files to and from
ls -
Get a directory listing , remember we used this above
bash - A popular Linux CLI ( shell )
dev
If you are used to other operating systems this will be weird for you .
As everything in Linux devices are represented as a directory .
This makes it easier for other programs to interact with them .
For example mount .
You can use the system binary mount in the / bin folder to interact with a removable hard drive for example .
lost + found
If you have a system crash and the Linux file system checker ( fsck ) recovers corrupt files they are placed here .
opt
Opt is reserved for additional software you install ; although , most providers do n’t use it .
This is kind of like ‘ Program Files ’ for linux .
sbin
Sbin is similar to / bin with the exception that these ready to run binaries are reserved for root users .
That is they typically will only work when executed by root or sudo .
Examples would include :
mke2fs
ifconfig
fdisk
tmp
Tmp is a temporary storage folder .
Anything that is to be temporarily stored goes here .
It is recommended that you do n’t delete these manually .
If you want to delete them you usually add this to boot up or shutdown procedure since they can contain useful information for programs that are already running .
boot
This folder contains only the files that are absolutely necessary to get a basic Linux system up and going .
This folder is not used for programs to run on startup or other user scripts .
This folder usually contains Grub information and the Linux kernel .
etc
This folder is the config folder for your entire operating system .
Almost everything about configuring your system can be done in here .
The general rule of thumb is that these files are static and text based .
No binaries should be placed in this folder .
Common config files in here are :
/etc/X11 - For configuring X ( gui )
/etc/apt/sources.list - Configuring apt for Debian based systems
/etc/cups - Printer configuration
/etc/fstab - Device mounting
/etc/httpd - Apache webserver
Media
Traditionally all mounts were stored in the / mnt directory but out of controversy of where to stored removable mounts this directory was born .
/ media should be used to store mounts for removable devices only , like :
CD - Rom
DVD - Rom
Floppy
Flash Disks
proc
Proc is a special virtual directory like / dev that contains process information .
It contains runtime system info like : system memory , devices mounted , hardware configuration , etc .
srv
Srv is a serve folder .
It holds site specific data to be served by the system for protocols such as , ftp , rsync , www , cvs etc .
To be compliant distributions include this folder but I have not seen it used much .
usr
Usr houses all the binaries , documentation , libraries , and header files for all the user applications .
Most user binaries will be installed into this folder making this one of the largest folders in the Linux directory .
cdrom
CD - Roms can be mounted to this folder but it is not in the official Linux Filesystem Hierarchy .
CD - Roms should be mounted under / media .
home
Home is where you will store all user specific documents and settings .
This is similar to Windows , “ Documents and Settings ” .
On most Linux distributions / home will contain a directory with each user ’s name or group of users .
e.g. / home / mark / home / guests .
lib
Lib contains system library binaries that are required to run the system .
In Windows this would be the system folder with .dlls .
Only in Linux it is represented by ‘.so ’ .
mnt
According to FSSTND version 2.3 , “ This directory is provided so that the system administrator may temporarily mount a filesystem as needed .
The content of this directory is a local issue and should not affect the manner in which any program is run . ”
I think of this directory as the place to mount fixed hard drives that I mount with the fstab file , but as described in FSSTND it is primarily for temporary mounts .
root
Root is the “ home ” directory for root .
If this directory does n’t exist it defaults back to ‘/’.
Hence the username root .
sys
This is kinda like / proc it is used for plug and play configuration .
var
This stands for variable .
This stores all the files that vary as the system runs .
Things like log files , backups , mail , cache , etc . .
Conclusion
So there you have it a quick layout of the Linux system .
If you have any further questions you can consult the official Filesystem Hierarchy Standard ( FHS ) or comment below .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Two suspected drug dealers caused chaos on a California interstate by throwing thousands of dollars from their pickup truck as police gave chase .
Other motorists took their lives in their hands to chase the $ 20 and $ 100 bills on Interstate 5 , near San Diego .
Salma Hayek Breastfeeding Video
Selma Hayek in Sierra Leone
traveled to the African country Sierra Leone last fall for the second annual Pampers / UNICEF program to stop the spread of maternal and neonatal tetanus .
While there she encountered a woman trying to breast feed her baby .
" The baby was perfectly healthy , but the mother did n't have milk .
He was very hungry .
I was weaning Valentina , but I still had a lot of milk that I was pumping , so I breast - fed the baby , " she says , her voice dropping .
" You should have seen his eyes .
When he felt the nourishment , he immediately stopped crying . "
Malnutrition is so rampant in underdeveloped countries such as Sierra Leone that doctors there say they would like to see women breast feed for two years .
Unfortunately that is rare because culture mores forbid sexual intercourse with breastfeeding women , so men urge their wives to quickly stop .
" It is the best thing you can do for your child , not only the bonding , that 's how you build the immune system , so in a country like Africa imagine how important it is for the mothers do that , " Hayek said .
" But here , there is the belief that if you are breast - feeding you cannot have a sexual life so the husbands , of course , of these women are really encouraging them to stop and this is just a taboo . "
Nightline 's Cynthia McFadden followed Hayek on her goodwill trip and cameras rolled as she breastfed the one week old baby boy , who ironically shares the same birthday as her daughter .
View Salma
Hayek breastfeeding video below .
photo : WENN
Skip the sub -menu .
Interview with the author of “ Mastering cat ”
Published on : 1 - April-2009
Shlomi Fish , acclaimed author of Mastering mv and Mastering rm has taken the time to sit down with us for an interview on his latest book , Mastering cat .
In this 344 pages - long book , Fish details everything you wanted to know about the UNIX cat command .
We decided to have an interview with him to find out more about the book ’s motivation , content , and philosophy .
O’Reilly Net : Hi Shlomi !
Shlomi Fish : Hi !
O’Reilly Net : So , what has motivated you to write the book ?
Shlomi Fish :
Well , I realised people use cat so often that they do n’t take the time to fully investigate it and learn it .
For example , many people I worked with believed that cat can only be used to output one file at a time .
So to output several files they used something like :
( cat file1.txt ; cat file2.txt ; cat file3.txt ) | command
The horror ! cat accepts several files as arguments .
So you can write it as :
cat file1.txt file2.txt file3.txt | command
This has motivated me to write the book , to make people fully understand the command .
O’Reilly Net : Is n’t mastering cat supposed to be quite easy ?
Does it really necessitate its own book ?
Shlomi Fish :
Hell no !
Mastering cat is not easy at all .
In fact , mastering cat is almost as difficult as herding cats .
For example , one case where I found that people truly underestimate the power of cat is in the prefixing a line example .
You can do that with :
echo " This would be the first line " | cat - myfile.txt > myfile.txt.new mv -f myfile.txt.new myfile.txt
But people do not realize that and instead opted to use sed , awk , or even perl ( ! ) .
It can be taken further , of course .
If the prefix is already in its own file , you can simply use cat prefix .
txt myfile.txt
Of course , if you want to append the same text to both the start and the end of a file , you ca n’t do that with cat - myfile .
txt - .
It simply does n’t work that way .
So , I end up explaining a lot about UNIX pipeline concepts in the book .
O’Reilly Net :
So what else does your book cover ?
Well , I cover many things there .
Among them are :
History of the cat command .
Differences between the various cat implementations .
( GNU , the BSDs , System V , etc. ) cat equivalents in other operating systems ( DOS , Win32 , VMS , OS / 390 , etc. )
Overview of the GNU cat codebase ( for programmers ) .
I ’m also focusing on the various cat flags , which aid in its interactive use .
For example , the - E / -- show - ends flag , that places dollar signs at the end of the lines .
Aside from all that , I ’m also covering dog which is a program that provides a superset of the cat program .
I should also mention mouse which aimed to provide an even greater superset , and was never released .
Rumours say some parts of it are based on code of the leaked Windows 2000 sources .
O’Reilly Net :
Your book seems bound to be popular ( for some values of popularity ) .
What can we expect from you next ?
Shlomi Fish :
Well , I hope many people will buy the book , or read it online so they ’ll be educated about cat .
If you like Mastering cat , look forward to my next book - Mastering echo .
I expect it to be published next fall .
Thanks
Thanks to Drew Dexter , Diego Iastrubni , Omer Zak , chromatic and others for reviewing this item and giving some useful advice - some of which was incorporated into the final version .
Coverage
Copyright and Licence
This document is Copyright by Shlomi Fish , 2009 , and is available under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution - ShareAlike License 3.0 Unported ( or at your option any later version ) .
For securing additional rights , please contact Shlomi Fish and see the explicit requirements that are being spelt from abiding by that licence .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
This is pretty excellent .
It ’s a chart , created by Paul Rosenberg at Open Left , that combines data from Moody ’s Economy.com and Dean Baker ’s Center for Economic Policy and Research .
It shows the return on investment for different stimulus options .
The takeaway ?
Food stamps , unemployment benefits , and infrastructure investment put the most money back into the economy for every dollar spent on them .
Tax cuts for corporations and the wealthy do the least .
( A payroll tax holiday , which is essentially a tax break for poor people , is n’t so bad . )
Job creation maps similarly .
So when conservatives tell you that FDR ’s public investment programs made the depression worse and that we need to hold fast to the conservative economic principles that created the current mess , shoot them this link .
Perhaps President Obama should use that snazzy new BlackBerry of his to email it to his Republican opponents in Congress .
The latest record store to announce its closing in New York is a big one : the Virgin Megastore in Union Square .
Virgin Entertainment Group North America , which announced last month that the Times Square Megastore would close in April , will also shut the Union Square shop in late May or early June , a spokeswoman said , confirming a report in Billboard .
Virgin will also close its Market Street store in San Francisco in April .
Thousands of music retailers have closed in recent years as CD sales have plunged , and Virgin has been shuttering most of its locations around the country since it was bought by the real estate companies Vornado and Related in 2007 , even though its high - traffic New York stores were said to be profitable .
IBM has today announced job cuts in its North America operations , even though its profits have steadily risen .
IBM would not confirm numbers or exact locations but it is being widely reported that there will be 5,000 job losses .
A spokesperson from IBM said : " On March 26 , we notified some employees to inform them that some jobs were being eliminated .
IBM continuously evaluates its mix of skills and resources throughout the year , and makes changes as needed .
Managing resources in this way keeps us competitive , while adapting to the evolving needs of our clients . "
" We anticipate that some employees will find other positions within IBM , and we 're helping them in that effort .
Those employees who leave IBM will receive separation benefits . "
In a recent announcement , IBM said it had a 12 per cent rise in its fourth - quarter profits , which may make these job cuts controversial .
The cuts also come just a week after it showed an interest in buying Sun Microsystems for a reported $ 6.5 billion ( 4.6 billion ) .
Once upon a time , not long ago , it looked like bedroom coding was dead – at least as a commercial pursuit .
The nineties brought in a growing obsession with detailed 3D visuals , requiring ever - larger teams of ever more specialised coders , artists and designers .
And while an indie gaming scene continued to flourish online , the fruits of those labours were largely unseen and unappreciated by mainstream gamers .
But a lot has happened over the last three years .
Vitally , Microsoft started trawling the indie scene for content to fill its Xbox Live Arcade service .
Sony and Nintendo soon followed suit , resulting in the likes of Braid , World of Goo , Mutant Storm and Strong Bad's Cool Game for Attractive People becoming key downloadable releases .
At the same time , the growing PC casual gaming scene , together with the arrival of the iPod and iPhone as fully - fledged gaming platforms , has built an audience that clamours for graphically simple puzzle and word games .
In a sense , casual gaming has legitimised non-naturalistic , often 2D , visuals and intuitive gameplay , reclaiming videogame culture for the masses .
Bedroom coding is back .
What we 're seeing now is an intriguing interplay between the community ethic of indie coding and the commercial clout of the industry 's corporate giants .
And Stickman Studios is a great example .
Formed in 2005 , Stickman is essentially Simon Nevill and Harvey Greensall , two ex-Codemasters staffers with backgrounds in web design and architectural modeling .
Bored of churning out trees , tarmac and other peripheral objects for games like Club Football , LMA Manager and Colin McRae , the duo quit to set up their own studio .
Originally , their plan was to abandon videogames altogether and work on a card trading game , but an encounter with Imperial Glory by Pyro Studios got them thinking about creating their own pirate adventure .
" We really liked the naval battles in the game which were set during the Napoleonic Wars , " explains Nevill .
" The ships looked great and it had a good feel to it , but it had a point - and - click interface and the ships moved incredibly slowly .
We thought that a faster - paced , arcade - style game could work for this same period of history .
Our own idea was to give the player control over a single ship as opposed to a squadron of boats and make the ship itself the ' character ' .
So we based the game in the Caribbean and gave the player direct control of their very own pirate ship " .
The result , released via Steam at the end of last year is Buccaneer : The Pursuit of Infamy , essentially an arcade shooter , based in wooden ships rather than spacecraft .
Players blast through a variety of missions , upgrading their boat as they go – sort of Team Fortress meets Midnight Club on the high seas .
It 's a remarkable achievement , especially considering it 's ostensibly the work of two men – and neither of them coders .
Their first decision was to license Torque , a fully - featured cheaply priced 3D engine developed by indie publisher GarageGames and available to small studios for just $ 150 .
But price is n't the only attractive factor .
As Nevill explains , " we wanted an engine that was not completely reliant upon having a full time coder sat working with us .
Torque 's script - based coding system meant that many areas of the game could be changed by us … simply altering settings in existing scripts .
There is also a great community spirit on the GarageGames forums and any problems you encounter are likely to have been seen before , so there is always help readily available . "
The GarageGames set - up , part - commercial publishing hub , part thriving community , is what indie gaming is all about in 2009 .
And the fact that large publishers like Vivendi are employing Torque is another hint that the mainstream industry is now happy to court the indie sector if the price and the results are right .
It 's also the community element that insured Buccaneer became more than just an idea scribbled on the back of a fag packet .
" We have had masses of help from a number of great people throughout the development process , " admits Nevill .
" Being basically self - funded ( thus poor ) , we have n't had a budget for outsourcing work and so have relied heavily upon the good will of a number of people .
Our time spent in the game industry meant that we already had contacts in the industry skilled in programming and several were willing to help us out in their spare time .
Massive thanks must go out here to Neil Palframan , now working for Electronic Arts in Canada and Mr. " Winston Wolfe " .
" We were also approached by a number of guys via the GarageGames forums who offered to supply audio work for us because they simply wanted to be involved with a pirate game .
Our original plan was to do the vocal work ourselves and have some musically talented friends create a theme tune for us , but fortunately due to the incredible work supplied by some very talented individuals , Harvey and I were not required to get our microphones out .
Special thanks have to go out to Pattarawit Arinyasak for his great Artificial Intelligence work , Joel Steudler for his unbelievable musical masterpieces and Captain Paul Bergel … the gravelly voice of Buccaneer . "
Brilliantly , Stickman also somehow became involved with New Jersey - based , pirate metal band Swashbuckle who let the studio use some of their material in the game .
They make a virtual appearance at the Buccaneer Tavern .
" In return we put together a music video for their song " Drink Up ! " , which is accessible from our website . "
Along the way , Simon and Harvey carried out freelance work for a range of companies to fund their pirate project .
One client was veteran Leamington - based developer Blitz Games , to whom the chaps showed a demo of Buccaneer .
Suitably impressed , Blitz offered to support the remainder of the game 's development , providing vital QA testing and also using its bulging contacts book to secure distribution via Steam .
Coincidentally , Blitz was also making contact with another small studio , Regolith Games , entering into a similar partnership with them to see through the development of crossword puzzler , KrissX .
From here , the company decided to formalise the process , setting up its 1 > UP programme to fund and support smallscale game projects .
" Funding is just one of the resources that we supply , and in fact that part is always likely to be a minor element , " explains Chris Swan , Director of Blitz Arcade , the developer 's specialist downloadable game studio .
" We are n't trying to be a publisher here , and in fact one of our clients put it best when they likened us to a ' Swiss army knife of an agent ' since there are so many elements that we can potentially provide .
Things like advice on game prototypes based on our knowledge of the marketplace , resources such as art , design , code and audio , licensing our high - end BlitzTech , providing PR or legal advice - these can all be put into the mix .
" To be honest though I think one of the largest benefits is our network of contacts , which stretches all the way from outsourcing and developers to publishers and distributors .
By being one of the largest independent developers we are also able to meet with a lot of the bigger players who are simply unable to provide the time for reviewing individual proposals from very small developers .
So when Blitz has a meeting with a client , we can present an entire raft of games , some of which are ours and some which come through the 1 > UP programme . "
Blitz 's approach reflects an industry - wide interest in embracing the indie community .
The likes of XBLA ( which should see a conversion of Buccaneer soon ) , PSN and WiiWare represent a reasonable revenue stream for publishers and developers , especially with a recession looming .
However , in - house staff may not have the skills required to punch out cool , hugely intuitive budget games , with little or no management .
If you look at something like Geometry Wars from Bizarre Creations , the project was started in the free time of experienced coder Stephen Cakebread , and may never have happened had he been shunted on to different , larger projects ( see my blog post on the subject ) .
Instead , big industry players are reaching out to the indie scene to source talent .
Blitz has formed 1 >UP , but you 've also got Epic buying small studios like Chair Entertainment and People Can Fly , and Valve nurturing its own mod community into tomorrow's A list developers .
It 's probably the Valve model , of engaging with - and nurturing - a dedicated home coding community that 's going to shape the industry over the next few years .
Maintaining massive in - house teams will surely become all but impossible for many developers , and outsourcing only solves half of the problem – outsource studios are usually highly specialized , perfect for churning out graphics and audio to strict pre-agreed templates , but often not able to provide their own creative ideas .
Meanwhile , buying studios is a risky and expensive move , with no guarantee of subsequent product .
What 1 >UP points to is perhaps a videogame publishing model that works more like – for want of a better allusion – a terrorist network : independent cells working on their own projects with only the loosest direction from a higher authority .
If one cell goes down , there are others to produce the goods .
Of course , there will always be a place for epic Triple ' A ' blockbusters , but at the moment , the industry is undergoing a major period of fragmentation , both in terms of audience and available platforms – the only way to hit all the targets is to produce a lot of cheap , original content .
Chris Swan agrees that creating small , highly - targeted games could well be the way ahead .
" It 's always hard to predict ahead in this industry , but I 'm confident that in the long run this is an area of growth .
In particular , as the portals and platform - holders more sublimely present the consumers with tailor - made game lists , we should be in an era where every kind of game can reach and make an impact on its ideal audience " .
Through the inter - coupling of indie guile with corporate experience and finance , the industry is going long - tail .
Chris is right ; nothing is really predictable from here .
The Pirate Bay scandal has brought worldwide attention to the existence of numerous illegal filesharing websites , while dividing the populace into pro- and anti-copyright camps .
Although the recent one year jail sentences doled out by the Swedish courts would make others behind torrent tracking sites a little nervous , these people will get some added assistance in the form of a fund intended to help pay for legal defense .
The three Swedes behind the fund are Maria Ferm ( Green Party of Sweden Youth Branch ) , Lage Rahm ( Green Party of Sweden and Member of the Swedish Parliament ) and Peter Sunde ( Pirate Bay Co-Founder ) .
The fund is designed to delegate finances to assist those being prosecuted by copyright - holding companies .
Since anti-copyright advocates feel that some copyright laws are unjust in the first place , many are all - too - willing to donate , helping to pay for legal costs incurred when a matter is taken to trial .
New Law : Not a Unanimous Decision
The new Swedish anti-piracy law went into effect on April 1 .
The law states that property rights holders can take their grievances to a court , which will then examine the evidence and decide whether the name of a holder of an IP address will be released by the Internet Service Provider , who can later run a civil case against them .
( Source : cnet.com )
The Green Party of Sweden voted against the law .
Many cast their vote with the belief that , should the law come into effect , it had the potential to be exploited and abused by major corporations .
Case in point -- there is often an " imbalance of power " that comes when a multinational record , music , or movie corporation sues the average person .
Many feel that the " little guy " will never win a lengthy ( and costly ) legal battle against a multi-million dollar enterprise .
Thus , the attempt to settle out of court is a natural finality .
( Source : silobreaker.com )
Payments for Court Costs Only
Ferm , Rahm and Sunde promised that the fund will only serve as payment for legal expenses incurred during the trial process and will not be used towards the payment of fines sought by copyright holders .
The ambition thus far is for the fund to dole out 50,000 to 100,000 kronor ( $ 6,000 to $ 12,000 USD ) in legal aid for each case .
Providence , R.I .
“ THIS is not a time for partisanship , ” declared Senator Judd Gregg , Republican of New Hampshire , when he accepted President Obama ’s invitation to serve as commerce secretary .
By last week , Mr. Gregg had changed his mind , citing “ irreconcilable conflicts . ”
For historians , this outcome was predictable : Bipartisan dreams have been crashing into political reality from the earliest days of the Republic .
Only a few months after his first election , George Washington dropped by the Senate to solicit advice about a treaty — but all he got was a loud and agitated debate between the senators .
Already they were breaking into factions .
Washington , who believed that partisan strife would be “ fatal ” to the new nation , marched out with what one observer called “ a discontented air of sullen dignity . ”
Now it ’s President Obama ’s turn .
He seems eager to put aside small political differences and to restore a culture of cooperation in Washington .
But it ’s going to be a long , hard effort because , well , that golden bipartisan era never existed .
The popular myth of getting past politics , in its modern form , dates back to the 1880s , when reformers known as Mugwumps challenged the corrupt bosses , powerful parties and political machines .
The rough - and - tumble party politicians sneered at these well - educated , upper - crust activists : “ namby - pamby , good - goody gentlemen who sip cold tea ” and “ forget that parties are not built by deportment or ladies ’ magazines or gush . ”
And while the Mugwumps eventually achieved a lot of their reforms , their larger aspiration — nonpartisan politics — always slipped out of reach .
CIUDAD JUÁREZ , Mexico  Mayor José Reyes Ferriz is supposed to be the one to hire and fire the police chief in this gritty border city that is at the center of Mexico ’s drug war .
It turns out , though , that real life in Ciudad Juárez does not follow the municipal code .
It was drug traffickers who decided that Chief Roberto Orduña Cruz , a retired army major who had been on the job since May , should go .
To make clear their insistence , they vowed to kill a police officer every 48 hours until he resigned .
They first killed Mr. Orduña ’s deputy , Operations Director Sacramento Pérez Serrano , together with three of his men .
Then another police officer and a prison guard turned up dead .
As the body count grew , Mr. Orduña eventually did as the traffickers had demanded , resigning his post on Feb. 20 and fleeing the city .
Replacing Mr. Orduña will also fall outside the mayor ’s purview , although this time the criminals will not have a say .
With Ciudad Juárez and the surrounding state of Chihuahua under siege by heavily armed drug lords , the federal government last week ordered the deployment of 5,000 soldiers to take over the Juárez Police Department .
With the embattled mayor ’s full support , the country ’s defense secretary will pick the next chief .
WASHINGTON -- Computer spies have broken into the Pentagon's $ 300 billion Joint Strike Fighter project -- the Defense Department 's costliest weapons program ever -- according to current and former government officials familiar with the attacks .
Similar incidents have also breached the Air Force 's air - traffic - control system in recent months , these people say .
In the case of the fighter - jet program , the intruders were able to copy and siphon off several terabytes of data related to design and electronics systems , officials say , ...
Posted on March 14 , 2009 in Political Cartoons
See Also : Obama did n’t borrow and spend in a boom ; Bush did , What Am I Missing ? , The Bush Doctrine : DOA at DOD ?
Part II , Quote du Jour , Canada To Prosecute Bush ? , Diana
West speaks the truth ,
The face of RNC is Rove , not Limbaugh , It ’s still Bush ’s fault ! , Obama less popular than Bush , Bush policy institute ‘ unlikely ’ to ‘ emphasize ’ the Iraq war , Obama Would Like To Remind You That The Economic Downturn Is All Bush ’s Fault , Stop Whining About Bush Failures , and Core Values Conservatism .
[ tags ] george bush , america , united states , the country he inherited , the country he left behind , facts , statistics , debt , inflation , wars , picture , images , george w. bush , presidency , effect of george bush presidency , economy , unemployment , gw bush , graph , stats , numbers , figures , laid off , wage differential , income inequality , usa , iraq , afghanistan , 9/11 [ / tags ]
Question :
What do we spend 95 % of our time sitting at our computers doing ?
Answer : Browsing the web ( read : looking at silly videos of cats ) .
So these days , when saving every dollar counts , why do we still need to own $ 800 to $ 1,000 laptops , when most of the processing power and features are never used ?
The good news is , you do n't .
The netbook revolution is upon us , and the savings could be more than $ 750 for a machine that does not sacrifice any features you 're likely to use .
A new wave of mini portable laptops that go for $ 240 to $ 400 , known as netbooks , from manufacturers such as Dell ( Stock Quote : DELL ) , Acer , HP ( Stock Quote : HPQ ) , and Asus look like a great buy as a secondary computer or as a replacement for your old laptop .
The idea of owning a simple and compact netbook , rather than a full - size laptop , has been piquing the curiosity of tech - savvy individuals for some time .
A netbook 's upside includes a simple , less cluttered operating system , a budget - friendly price and increased portability .
The latest models are the size of a standard hardcover book and weigh only two or three pounds .
You can pop it in your handbag or backpack with ease and be able to check e-mail , read a blog or shop online while you are on the go .
In a recent Wired magazine feature on netbooks , columnist Clive Thompson offered the analogy that these new mini models are to standard laptops as small fuel - efficient electric cars are to their oversized , gas - guzzling SUV predecessors .
You do n’t need all that power for what amounts to a simple " commute " to Firefox or Internet Explorer .
Just as consumers realize they wo n’t be doing much off - roading with that garage - bound 4x4 when gas prices are high , they should also come to terms with the fact they wo n’t be doing much high - intensity video - editing or graphics - draining gaming while on their laptops .
What is the netbook 's secret ?
Most of the innovation in creating this new wave of tiny netbooks has come with the incorporation of solid state or flash memory .
This is similar to the type of technology used to save pictures on your digital camera or pocket flash drive .
The netbook can be incredibly fast at a fraction of the size because it does not contain a traditional hard or optical disc drive which runs , and often tends to fail , in your desktop and laptop .
According to Peter Holt , an IT professional from New Jersey , netbooks offer everything an average consumer would need at a quarter of the size and cost of a traditional laptop .
“ They also have the added benefit of the manufacturer usually taking the time to make a very user - friendly interface that anyone can use , ” he says .
Something Lost , Something Gained
Netbooks do have their limitations though .
With reduced power and memory space , be prepared for the loss of Microsoft Office ( Stock Quote : MSFT ) and memory - sucking programs like Word and Excel .
But fear not , there are dozens of options for open source word processing programs you can download for free and use on your netbook , like OpenOffice .
One particularly popular alternative is to use Google Documents to type up , save , and share your work .
You also wo n’t want to use graphics - intensive programs like Adobe Photoshop to edit your photos or create images ( Stock Quote : ADBE ) .
However , with the abundance of free web applications available online , programs like Foto Flexer and Sumo Paint can now handle all your basic needs quickly and at no cost .
Another downside with netbooks is the problem of physical discomfort over time .
As is often the case with portable technology , sitting and typing away at a netbook for hours can be uncomfortable due to the smaller screen and compact keyboard .
For these reasons , many reviewers have said they do n’t feel the netbook can completely replace the laptop yet .
Just as you would n’t be satisfied writing your entire dissertation on your iPhone ( Stock Quote : AAPL ) or BlackBerry ( Stock Quote : RIMM ) device , you probably would n’t last long in one sitting with a netbook .
Netbooks should continue to improve over time .
( Think faster models with more advanced features while improving ergonomic design . )
Let ’s just hope the prices stay this affordable .
MainStreet 's Top 5 Netbooks Right Now
1. Acer Aspire One Runs Windows XP , comes with a built - in web cam , can be upgraded to include a DVD player all for the lowest price we ’ve seen anywhere .
It ’s no surprise this is one of the best selling netbooks on the market today .
Price tag : $ 240
2. HP Mini 1000 Comes with the same Windows XP
Home edition , web cam and a more comfortable keyboard .
Price tag : $ 299
3. Dell Inspiron Mini 9 Includes a simple Linux user interface and a 4 GB solid state drive .
Price tag : $ 249
4. Asus Eee PC
Very basic specifications from the brand that pioneered this product before the big guys got involved .
Price tag : $ 269
5.HP 2140 Comes with an 80 GB solid state drive and up to 5 hours of battery life all while weighing in at 2.62 lbs .
Price tag : $ 499
Neil Strauss , author of The New York Times ’ bestseller The Game , is shifting his attention from picking up women to surviving world crises .
Strauss ’s new book , Emergency : This Book Will Save Your Life – the author ’s first full - length release since his foray into the world of seduction–details his eight - year attempt to figure out what it ’d take to make it in a world with no structure and no government support .
The story explores a worst - case - scenario side of society most people only imagine encountering .
From the book ’s official description :
“ After the last few years of violence and terror , of ethnic and religious hatred , of tsunamis and hurricanes–and now of world financial meltdown –Strauss , like most of his generation , came to the sobering realization that , even in America , anything can happen .
But rather than watch helplessly , he decided to do something about it .
And so he spent three years traveling through a country that ’s lost its sense of safety , equipping himself with the tools necessary to save himself and his loved ones from an uncertain future . ”
‘ Emergency ’ : Exclusive Sneak Peek
Emergency : This Book Will Save Your Lifewill be available starting March 10 .
The Inquisitr , however , has an exclusive sneak peek now at an entire chapter from the text .
var scribd_doc = scribd.Document.getDoc(12988063 , ‘ key - ju3phalbtnxe7jf5oy6 ’ ) ; scribd_doc.addParam(‘ height ’ , 450 ) ;scribd_doc.addParam(‘ width ’ , 650 ) ; scribd_doc.write(‘ mediaPlayer ’ ) ;
You can read through some other scattered samples from the book on the publisher ’s official Emergency preview page .
QR Code Link to This Post
Location : orange line - towards cote vertu
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
You sat next to me and were wearing a tuque .
You were trying to open up some sort of electronic device that was shelled in tough plastic .
I watched as you tried jamming your keys through the packaging and failed repeatedly to retrieve what was on the inside .
I found the way you would scowl and swear to yourself every few seconds charming and it was when you threw your hands up in the air in despair that I really swooned .
I really wanted you to get the prize on the inside while I was there to witness it - That was until you ripped a part of the packaging off and threw it away on the floor of the metro car without skipping a beat .
You discarded your garbage onto the rest of the passengers , without a care in the world .
The spell was over , and your childish fits of rage were no longer cute to me .
I fell in and out of love with you during a three stop metro ride .
I all of a sudden hated you .
and your stupid electronic thing .
I hope you never get through that packaging .
The Pirate Bay verdict is being criticized by the Swedish public and protests are being planned .
Opposition to the decision is widespread , indicated partly by the surge in new memberships to Sweden 's Pirate Party .
It has seen its ranks grow by 20 % in the handful of hours since the verdict and the number of members is increasing by the minute .
Support for the Swedish Pirate Party grew increasingly healthy after the government came up with more stringent copyright legislation .
Its membership has surpassed that of the well established Green Party , and more than half of all Swedish men under 30 are considering pledging their vote to the Pirate Party in the upcoming 2009 European Parliament elections .
Today ’s verdict in the Pirate Bay case only strengthens support for the site .
Many people have been blown away by the harsh sentences and will protest in the streets of Stockholm tomorrow .
The upside seems to be that people have realized that the current climate needs to change , indicated by the Swedish Pirate party gaining many new members .
Over the past few hours over 3000 members applied , raising the member count from less than 15,000 up to more than 18,000 .
“ We ’ve surpassed another party in parliament , making us the 5th largest in member count , and our youth section is about to take the number 1 position , ” Swedish Pirate Party Leader Rick Falkvinge told Torrent Freak in a comment .
Christian Engström , vice - chairman of the Swedish Pirate Party said in a comment that the verdict is their ticket into the European Parliament .
For the upcoming European election , the Pirate Party requires 100,000 Swedish votes to get a seat , a goal that is within reach after today .
The Pirate Party is a strong supporter of reforming current copyright laws and party leader Rick Falkvinge told Torrent Freak earlier that their aim is to “ shake the political copyright world at its core . ”
The US Dept of Health and Human Services recently conducted a study on food source traceability ( thanks to the Oregon Independent blog for the tip - off about this study ) , and found that they could only trace 12.5 % of the items .
Wow .
To turn that figure around , they could n’t identify the source of 87.5 % of the foods they tried to trace .
They chose 10 different products , including eggs , bottled water , manufactured ice , fruit juice , oatmeal , yogurt , flour , milk , freshcut greens and tomatoes .
For each product , they tried to trace 4 different samples ( for example , 4 cartons of eggs , 4 containers of yogurt , etc . )
So their sample size was 40 products ( 10 types x 4 units each )
Out of the 40 products , only 5 were fully traceable – 3 cartons of eggs , 1 container of yogurt , and 1 bottle of water .
According to the study , the eggs had the shortest supply chain – from farm to retailer .
I think that says a lot about the major problem relating to food safety in our country … there are so many links in the chain that our ability to trace our food is greatly diminished , especially if record - keeping is poorly done .
As a food consumer ( and preparer for my toddler son ) , if food items — even simple whole foods such as tomatoes or milk — are not easily traceable to their source , why should I be expected to buy those products with confidence ?
And the study did n’t even look at something like ground beef , or prepackaged and prepared foods ( such as crackers made with peanut butter ) , both of which I ’ll bet are probably even more difficult to trace than the items in the study .
And furthermore , why should I spend my food dollars in a system that ca n’t guarantee quality or traceability ?
To my mind , those two things are linked .
If it can take weeks to identify all the possibly food products where tainted peanut may have ended up , how is it possible to buy items with confidence ?
And where exactly are my food dollars are going , and how are those dollars are related to the quality of a product ?
The more hands that products go through before reaching mine , the less money there is to go back to the original producer .
If the producer is hardly making any money per item , that means that they probably are extremely large , because the only way they ’d be making a profit and staying in business is through the economy of scale .
If they are extremely large , that means that there probably are n’t hands - on owners taking responsibility for their products … most likely there are share - holders .
The bottom line for share - holders is making a profit .
Profit might be motivation for a share - holder driven business ( AKA corporation ) to encourage food safety , as the economic loss due to a food recall is huge , but should that be the primary motivation for producing and distributing safe , high quality food ?
Food is a basic need , something which we consume several times a day to nourish our bodies .
Do we really want to rely on a system where corporations may or may not be producing safe food , based on concerns about their bottom line ?
And what about other “ quality ” - related issues like humane treatment of animals , fair wages and good conditions for workers , sustaining farmland ecologically , socially , and politically ?
If we use our food dollars within the current system of food production and distribution , are n’t we sending the message that we do n’t care about those things ?
Since we do n’t really know where our food is coming from , how do we really know that producers ’ values are aligned with ours ?
Going back to my question above , if a government study can’t easily trace milk , greens , or tomatoes , can we really have confidence in our current food system ?
And furthermore , why do we want to support this system ?
I think the greater good would be local - based food systems , with supply chains that are short and traceable , and not dependent on an out - dated , fossil fuel - intense system of distribution .
I vote for a local food system with my food dollars as much as possible .
I buy produce at the farmers ’ market .
I buy my eggs from friends .
I shop at a locally - owned market chain , and buy local products from them as much as possible .
I do n’t value cheap food – I value quality food .
And I probably pay more for our groceries than I have to , but I feel better knowing that most of my food dollars stay right in in Oregon .
And that very little of it goes to middle men .
And that I can trace most of the food my family eats right back to the farm it came from .
That , for me , is food safety .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - People who eat the most red meat and the most processed meat have the highest overall risk of death from all causes , including heart disease and cancer , U.S. researchers reported on Monday .
Cooks grill chianina steaks at a barbeque in Cortona , Italy August 15 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Marco Bucco
The National Cancer Institute study is one of the largest to look at the highly controversial and emotive issue of whether eating meat is indeed bad for health .
Rashmi Sinha and colleagues looked at the records of more than 500,000 people aged 50 to 71 who filled out questionnaires on their diet and other health habits .
Even when other factors were accounted for -- eating fresh fruits and vegetables , smoking , exercise , obesity -- the heaviest meat - eaters were more likely to die over the next 10 years than the people who ate the least amount of meat .
“ Red and processed meat intakes were associated with modest increases in total mortality , cancer mortality , and cardiovascular disease mortality , ” Sinha and colleagues wrote in the Archives of Internal Medicine .
They divided the volunteers into five groups , called quintiles .
Between 1995 and 2005 , 47,976 men and 23,276 women died .
The quintile who ate the most red meat had a higher risk for overall death , death from heart disease and cancer than the men and women who ate the least red meat .
The researchers said thousands of deaths could be prevented if people simply ate less meat .
“ For overall mortality , 11 percent of deaths in men and 16 percent of deaths in women could be prevented if people decreased their red meat consumption to the level of intake in the first quintile , ” Sinha ’s team wrote .
HELPING THE ENVIRONMENT
Many studies have shown that people who eat less meat are healthier in many ways , and Sinha ’s team noted that meat contains several cancer - causing chemicals , as well as the unhealthiest forms of fat .
The U.S. government now recommends a “ plant - based diet ” that stresses fruits , vegetables and whole grains .
Barry Popkin , an expert in nutrition and economics at the University of North Carolina , said the study was unusually thorough and careful .
Eating less meat has other benefits , he said , and governments should start promoting this .
For instance , farming animals for meat causes greenhouse gas emissions that warm the atmosphere and uses fresh water in excess , he said .
“ I was pretty surprised when I checked back and went through the data on emissions from animal food and livestock , ” Popkin said in a telephone interview .
“ I did n’t expect it to be more than cars . ”
Cancer experts said the study fit in with what is known from other research .
“ This large study provides further evidence to support the recommendations by groups such as the World Cancer Research Fund in demonstrating an association between a high consumption of red and processed meats and a increase risk of death from cancer , ” said Ian Olver , Chief Executive Officer of Cancer Council Australia .
The meat industry denounced the study as flawed .
But American Meat Institute executive president , James Hodges , said : “ Meat products are part of a healthy , balanced diet and studies show they actually provide a sense of satisfaction and fullness that can help with weight control .
Proper body weight contributes to good health overall . ”
[ / caption ]
A new class of galaxy clusters has been identified by volunteers and astronomers of the Galaxy Zoo project , together with the Sloan Digital Sky Survey .
These clusters are rare , and have apparently gone unnoticed before , despite their unusual linear properties .
Astronomers believe the identification of these types of clusters depend on the visual inspection of large numbers of galaxies , a feat which has only recently been made possible by the Galaxy Zoo project , and this may explain why they have n’t been discovered until now .
“ Space is , after all , really big , ” said the Galaxy Zoo scientists , “ and full of really surprising things . ”
These clusters are unusually elongated , possess young and highly dynamic galaxy populations , and most unexpectedly , present neatly typeset , left - justified , messages written in the English language .
One sample even includes punctuation similar to an exclamation mark .
( See image below . )
The occurrence of these new galaxy phenomena could potentially lend support to some of the more exotic models for Dark Energy or modified gravity , which one of the Universe Today trolls may find extremely notable .
More controversially , as most occurrences of English sentences are considered to be the work of intelligent beings , the existence of these messages might indicate intelligent life beyond our own .
Conversely , however , they could indicate that many phenomena usually attributed to intelligent life on Earth may actually occur spontaneously , without any thought necessarily being involved at all .
While these new discoveries may have profound implications for cosmology , the most important thing to consider is the date of this publication , being April 1 .
The Galaxy Zoo team stresses that , despite their implausible appearance , the galaxies comprising each individual character in the figures presented here are taken directly from the SDSS multicolour composite imaging .
Note , however , that some degree of translation and rotation has been performed to the individual characters , for presentation purposes .
PRINCETON , NJ -- A new Gallup Poll finds just over half of Americans , 53 % , favoring a new law that would make it easier for labor unions to organize workers ; 39 % oppose it .
This is a key issue at stake with the Employee Free Choice Act now being considered in Congress .
The poll reveals sharply differing reactions to the issue within the general public according to political orientation .
Most Democrats ( 70 % ) say they would favor a law that facilitates union organizing , while a majority of Republicans ( 60 % ) say they would oppose it .
Independents lean in favor of such a law , 52 % vs. 41 % .
As originally proposed , the 2009 Employee Free Choice Act ( in its House and Senate versions ) strengthens the " majority signature " or " card check " basis for union organizing by automatically unionizing any workplace in which a majority of workers have signed a union authorization card .
The act would eliminate employers ' ability to call for secret - ballot elections ( although employees can still call for one ) , and would make changes to enforcement of labor protections and contract - settlement procedures .
Thus far , the proposal has not been a prominent item in the mainstream national news ; however , it has sparked fierce union - versus - business debate in Washington and appears headed toward a close vote in the U.S. Senate .
By their own admission , most Americans are not paying very close attention to the congressional debate on this issue .
According to the March 14 - 15 survey , only 12 % of U.S. adults say they are following news about the union - organizing bill " very closely " and another 22 % say they are following it " somewhat closely . "
Nearly two - thirds of Americans say they are following it less closely than that ( 26 % ) , or not at all ( 39 % ) .
Those most closely following news about the union - organizing bill are the most opposed to the general concept of a law making it easier for unions to organize : just 40 % are in favor ; 58 % are opposed .
The bill enjoys its highest support -- 58 % -- among those not following the bill at all .
Bottom Line
Previous Gallup polling has shown that Americans are fundamentally sympathetic to labor unions , and these underlying attitudes are no doubt reflected in their general support for legislation characterized as making it easier for workers to unionize .
For example , Gallup 's annual polling on workplace issues , conducted each August , has found consistently high approval of labor unions in recent years , including a 59 % approval rating last summer .
The current level of support for a new law facilitating more union membership -- 53 % in favor -- is only slightly less favorable to unions .
The current findings could bode well for the pro-union side of the issue as it ramps up the public - information component of its lobbying efforts , particularly at a time when corporate America has serious image problems .
Americans appear to be a sympathetic audience for a basic argument behind the law if it is described simply as making it easier for unions to organize .
At the same time , Americans have barely begun to pay attention to the issue .
The 12 % who are following it " very closely " is exceptionally low relative to public attention to other news issues Gallup has measured over the last two decades .
And , while Americans are broadly supportive of labor unions , Gallup 's August 2008 Workplace survey found only 35 % in favor of unions having greater influence .
In this context , with the arguments against card check yet to be fully aired and debated , it could be a troubling sign for unions that no more than 53 % of Americans immediately support this fundamental aspect of the card - check bill .
The Employee Free Choice
Act is a complex piece of legislation with numerous components , making it difficult to assess overall support for the bill among a population that is largely unaware of it .
General support for the idea of " making it easier for unions to organize " as measured in the current poll is telling , but not necessarily indicative of public reaction to the bill if and when the political debate spills over into news headlines .
Future Gallup polling will explore public reaction to specific aspects of the bill 's provisions , and will continue to monitor overall support for the concept of making it easier for workers to unionize .
Survey Methods
Results are based on telephone interviews with 1,024 national adults , aged 18 and older , conducted March 14 - 15 , 2009 , as part of Gallup Poll Daily tracking .
For results based on the total sample of national adults , one can say with 95 % confidence that the maximum margin of sampling error is ±3 percentage points .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on land - line telephones ( for respondents with a land - line telephone ) and cellular phones ( for respondents who are cell - phone only ) .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
[ Haskell - cafe ] Haskell Logo Voting has started !
Hi there !
I updated a couple of logo versions and ungrouped and regrouped the ( former ) number 31 .
Other than that , there was nothing standing in the way of the voting to begin imho , so I started up the competition .
By now , I suppose everybody should have received their ballot .
If you think you should have received it but did n't , please report it , I can resend the invitation .
Also , for people not directly subscribed to the haskell - cafe mailing list , you can still send ballot requests until the end of the competition ( March 24 , 12:00 UTC ) .
Make sure the message contains ' haskell logo voting ballot request ' ( e.g. in the subject ) .
Depending on the winner of this voting round we can decide whether we need to continue with variations .
Jared Updike already offered to donate a bit of time to help create several variations .
But for now , good luck with sorting those options ! :) -- Regards , Eelco Lempsink
-------------- next part
--------------
A non-text attachment was scrubbed ...
Name : PGP.sig Type : application / pgp-signature Size : 194 bytes Desc :
This is a digitally signed message part Url : http://www.haskell.org/pipermail/haskell-cafe/attachments/20090317/c4176103/PGP.bin
TEHRAN ( Reuters ) - Iran plans to start up its first atomic power plant this summer , its foreign minister was quoted as saying on Wednesday .
Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki , referring to the summer in the northern hemisphere , made the comment a week after Iran said it carried out successful tests at the Russian - built Bushehr plant , taking it a step closer to its inauguration .
“ The Bushehr nuclear power plant will be inaugurated in the summer , ” Mottaki told parliament in comments carried by state broadcaster IRIB and other Iranian media .
“ This government sees it as its duty to finalise this project and , God willing , with its inauguration by summer we will be witnessing a political victory despite all the pressures imposed ( on Iran ) , ” he said .
Iran has announced dates for starting the power plant in the past that have been missed .
The West accuses Iran of covertly seeking to build nuclear weapons , something Tehran denies .
It says its nuclear activities are aimed at generating electricity to meet soaring demand in the world ’s fourth largest oil producer .
The head of Iran ’s Atomic Energy Organisation on February 25 said the Islamic Republic plans a nearly 10 - fold expansion of its uranium enrichment capacity in the next five years , denying a U.N. report which said its nuclear activities had slowed .
Enriched uranium can be used as fuel for power plants and provide material for nuclear bombs if enriched much more .
The latest report by the International Atomic Energy Agency showed Iran had added few centrifuges to production since August , in what U.N. officials said was a considerable slowdown in the expansion of the programme .
But the report also showed a notable buildup in Iran ’s stock of enriched uranium , in theory giving it enough to convert into fuel for one atom bomb if it so chose .
But this would require a raft of technical steps taking two or more years , experts say .
It was certainly a neck and neck race to the finish line for last week 's Hive Five .
Competing for the title of best home server software , Ubuntu Server Edition and Windows Home Server nearly tied with just a fraction of a percent giving Ubuntu the edge — only a 29 vote lead !
Following in a distant third place was FreeNAS , a rock solid operating system for network attached storage but definitely underpowered in the broader spectrum of home server capabilities .
For more information about the top five and your fellow readers ' insightful comments , check out the Hive Five Best Home Server Software and the Call for Contenders .
Advertisement
Vector images are those type of images , which can be transformed into any size without losing the quality of the image , itself .
Basically , they work best for flash animations , print ads , and are loved and admired by designers , as it gives great flexibility .
If you are looking for icons , images , clip -arts , to use in your design project , then here ’s a list of 60 +
Websites To Download Absolutely Free Vector Images .
Deviantart – Link
Vector4 Free – Link
Vecteezy – Link
QVectors – Link
KeepDesigning – Link
Garcya – Link
Webdesign Easy – Link
istockphoto – Link
The Pixlpusher – Link
Vector Art – Link
All the Flags of the World – Link
Spoon Graphics – Link
ClipArt Design – Link
Free Clip Art – Link
Uberpiglet Vectors – Link
Vector Wallpapers – Link
Vector Junky – Link
Bittbox – Link
Cool Vectors – Link
Vector Vault – Link
I Heart Vector – Link
You The Designer – Link
vektorDB – Link
idee Montabili – Link
Dragon Artz Designs – Link
Brain Corp – Link
Logo Templater – Link
Snap2objects – Link
RoundPixel – Link
Vibr8 bros – Link
Ndesign Studio – Link
Adobe – Link
Dezignus – Link
GoMediaZine – Link
Today Free – Link
Vector Cartoons – Link
Smashing Magazine – Link
Design Bum – Link
Createsk8 – Link
AiVault – Link
Magic People – Link
Brands of The World – Link
Vector Portal – Link
Creativosonline – Link
Designers Revolution – Link
Logo Types 101 – Link
Best Company Logo – Link
Logo types – Link
Vector Logo – Link
Free Logotypes – Link
LogoZu – Link
Lalogotheque – Link
AllFreeLogo – Link
Gravitation – Link
[ No Image ]
Vectors Workshop – Link
[ No images ]
[ No images ]
Extras
Mountain High Maps – Link
Gauchada – Link
Havana Street – Link
Arcade Art Library – Link
Monsterama – Link
N.Design Studio – Link
Nuguerrilla – Link
CALIFORNIA CITY , Calif . -
One man in the classroom earned more than $ 100,000 framing tract homes during the building heyday .
Another installed pools and piloted a backhoe .
Behind him sat a young father who made a good living swinging a hammer in southern Utah .
But that was before construction jobs vanished like a fast - moving dust storm in this blustery high desert .
Hard times have brought them to a classroom in Kern County , about 120 miles northeast of Los Angeles , to learn a different trade .
Tonight 's lesson : how to avoid death and dismemberment .
This is Wind Technology Boot Camp at Cerro Coso Community College , where eight weeks of study and $ 1,000 in tuition might lead to a job repairing mammoth wind turbines sprouting up across the nation .
The work requires smarts and stamina .
It is potentially dangerous .
Candidates need good knees , a cool head - and a stomach for heights .
" I 've seen guys just freeze halfway up the tower , " said instructor Merritt Mays , a baby - faced former Marine , who at 29 already is a grizzled veteran in this young industry .
For those who can hack it , starting pay ranges from $ 15 to $ 20 an hour .
Crack technicians can make six figures a year .
Wind farms are hiring and probably will be for years to come .
That 's luring hard hats such as 49 - year - old Chuck Patterson back to school , despite the inherent risks of working 300 feet in the air .
" This is where the money 's going to be , " said the contractor from Ridgecrest , southwest of Death Valley National Park , who likes the idea of a steady paycheck after years of construction boom and bust .
As in previous recessions , this economic downturn is boosting enrollment at community colleges and vocational schools .
Classrooms are swelling with workers from hard - hit industries looking to change careers .
Educators say the difference this time is the surging interest in so - called green - collar jobs .
President Obama wants to create 5 million such jobs over the next decade .
What is n't clear is how the nation is going to prepare this workforce .
Technical education for renewable - energy workers is scarce , particularly for the fast - growing wind industry .
Only a handful of wind programs operate in community colleges .
Cerro Coso filled the 15 slots in its boot camp within hours .
The next course is already full .
The United States last year surpassed Germany as the world 's number one wind - powered nation , with more than 25,000 megawatts in place .
Wind could supply 20 percent of America 's electricity needs by 2030 , up from less than 1 percent now , according to a recent Energy Department report .
California is the number three wind state , behind Texas and Iowa .
A slew of developments are in the pipeline , including in Kern County , where hundreds of turbines already dot the wind - swept ridges of the Tehachapi mountain range .
" This is going to be ground zero for alternative energy " in California , said Jim Fay , vice president of academic affairs at Cerro Coso Community College , which has five campuses in Kern County .
" We have to prepare our students . "
The economic crisis has dampened growth in the renewable - energy sector .
But the US wind industry is clamoring for skilled technicians to maintain the 30,000 wind turbines already in the ground .
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
NBC would not air PETA ’s soft - porn vegetarian ad during the Super Bowl , but that does n’t mean you ca n’t watch it .
Do vegetarians have better sex , as the ad attests ?
That ’s subjective , at best .
While PETA may be concerned about animals ’ well being , the objectification of women is clearly A - OK .
’ Veggie Love ’ : PETA ’s Banned Super Bowl Ad
[ PETA via ANIMAL ]
Update :
The good gentlemen at Vulture found that the VP of advertising standards at NBC shares our concerns .
The new species of Antarctic fish , Gosztonyia antarctica , has been discovered at a depth of 650 metres in the Bellingshausen Sea in the Antarctic Ocean , an area which has not been studied since 1904 and where the fauna is " completely " unknown .
Jesús Matallanas , the Spanish researcher responsible for the find , collected four specimens of the new species during Spanish Institute of Oceanography ( IEO ) campaigns in the southern hemisphere summers of 2003 and 2006 .
" The study of the biodiversity of the Bellingshausen Sea has been systematically ignored by international projects because it is quite inaccessible and its beds are not mapped " , SINC was told by Jesús Matallanas , the study 's main author and researcher from the Autonomous University of Barcelona ( UAB ) .
The work , which appears in the journal Polar Biology , is based on the IEO 's Bentart - 03 and Bentart - 06 campaigns , in which Matallanas participated as an expert in taxonomy of Antarctic fish .
It is a taxonomic study of these zoarcidae specimens ( groups of dominant fish on the continental slope of northern seas which make up around 240 species ) captured in the Bellingshausen Sea .
" One of the most significant results is that the ichthyofauna of the Bellingshausen Sea , contrary to what was previously believed , is more closely related to that of the Eastern Antarctic than the Western " , highlighted the researcher .
Another important discovery is that in contrast to what occurs in other seas in the Antarctic Ocean , in the Bellingshausen Sea zoarcidae are the dominant group of fish below a depth of 550 metres " , added the zoologist .
Family of fish with worldwide distribution
Before confirming the discovery of a new species , in this case Gosztonyia antarctica , which belongs to a group with a very wide distribution , the researcher carried out a worldwide review of all articles published to date .
The new species belongs to an also new genus , which is similar to various Patagonian genera , and its name Gosztonyia , is in recognition of Atila Esteban Gosztonyi , a great expert in the systematics of zoarcidae who has described various new genera endemic to the Magallanes region .
The specific name , antarctica , refers to the place of capture of the species : the Antarctic region .
The specimens captured measure between 25.4 cm and 30 cm , are anguilliformes and " the skulls has a lot of its own exclusive anatomical characters " , commented the scientist .
All the specimens are preserved in 70 % alcohol at the UAB .
The saddest part about the WoW Pod is n't the guy eating , crapping and playing WoW inside .
It 's that an MIT Council for the Arts grant made it happen .
Advertisement
Built by Cati Vaucelle & Shada / Jahn , the WoW Pod is an " immersive architectural solution for the advanced WOW ( World of Warcraft ) player that provides and anticipates all life needs . "
Practically , this equates to a WoWish hut including an integrated PC with surround sound , water supply , hot plate ( synced to heat when your avatar cooks ) and , of course , a porcelain throne .
Seriously though , MIT , I have my WoW Pod right here .
It 's called a bathroom , laptop and one jumbo family pack of Hostess cupcakes .
See you guys in a few days .
[ MIT via Kotaku ]
Advertisement
Idyllic , Rural Wedding Venue in Northamptonshire
Founded in 2002 , Crockwell is a specialist family - run wedding venue in Northamptonshire , providing a unique service with exclusive - use over three days .
Situated in idyllic rural surroundings next to the Oxfordshire and Warwickshire borders , and within close distance of the M40 and M1 motorways , it is the perfect location for weddings .
The venue consists of the pretty vaulted ceremony barn , fully insulated permanent marquees and beautiful gardens and grounds as well as nine spacious bedrooms within the farm cottages .
Couples have three options for their civil ceremony including outdoor ceremonies in the Orchard Pavillion , or they are welcome to come to Crockwell for their reception after a church wedding .
Alexander Ovechkin scored his 50th goal of the season , and then added 2 assists as the Capitals defeated the Tampa Bay Lightning 5 - 2 .
After Ovechkin scored his 50th , he placed his stick on the ground , leaned over it and proceeded to warm his hands off of it .
Apparently this was the Russian motion for “ HOT ! ” as Ovechkin indicated that his stick was smoking !
After checking some major hockey sites , I have already found people complaining that his celebration was classless .
Let me remind those Canadian fans ( and Don Cherry ) , that their beloved Sidney Crosby punching someone in the nuts from behind while that player was being held , is the definition of classless .
Alex is entertaining and the best player in the world , and most likely he did this just to spite Cherry .
Do n’t hate the player , hate the game .
Below is the video :
After the game , Ovechkin was interviewed via phone on NHL on the Fly and stated about the celebration , “ It was so hot , like I do n’t know , probably Don Cherry is going to be talking about it , for all his career and all his life . ”
When asked about Don Cherry , “ I do n’t care about him , he is a funny guy ” .
He also went on to state that it was Jose Theodore ’s idea , to pretend like his stick was hot .
Apparently Ovechkin coordinated with the guys ahead of time , but when the time came , they left him hanging and laughed at him .
Unknown worms found in tap water in Moscow region
In the Russian town of Pavlov Posad , situated 25 miles from Moscow , people have to drink water with worms in it .
Unknown worms found in tap water in Moscow region
Even after repeated chlorination parasites did not die .
Russian Agency for Health and Consumer Rights told reporters that the worm species were not known to science yet .
Worms appeared in tap water for the first time when several houses in one of the streets of the town had been cut from water supply for a couple of days .
“ When the water started running again , it was very rusty .
When it became a bit clearer I started to fill in the bath tub .
I was about to have a bath when I noticed that something was swimming there .
I had a closer look and found out that it was a gigantic red worm , ” Irina , a woman living in one of the houses said .
Irina counted seven ugly worms in her bath .
Their length was about 3 inches .
She rushed to call the Health Inspection Service but they told her to call the Agency for Health and Consumer Rights .
Experts from the Agency for Health and Consumer Rights came in a couple of days .
They put several worms in a test tube and took them away for examination .
“ First they thought that these were bloodworms , but eventually they came to conclusion that the worms belonged to an unknown species .
Nobody could even explain to us whether these worms were dangerous or not , ” Irina said .
The worms which found themselves in the town ’s water pipe system turned out to be very hardy .
The water pipe services pumped out the water and chlorinated it , but it did not give any special result .
Residents of Pavlov Posad joke that their tap water can be easily used as fish food .
However , the situation is far from being comical .
Irina and her husband have an eight - month - old daughter and they prefer not to risk bathing her in such water .
And buying bottled water is very expensive .
There is no confirmed information about how many people are suffering from the same problem in Pavlov Posad .
Click here to see the video .
Not sure if this would be Maddow 's bag , per se ; but since Sacramento plans on having a teabagging party , San Francisco should have one on tax day too .
Outside of the ones happening at Beck 's Motor Lodge , that is .
Behind all the back and forth over the Stimulus Bill is a simple fact : the debate in Washington is rapidly moving away from any recognition that the US economy — and the global economy , for that matter — is in free - fall .
The range of outcomes stretches from severe recession to something closer to a replay of the Great Depression , though that label is perhaps better seen as a placeholder for ‘ catastrophic economic collapse ’ since the underlying place of the US economy in the world economy is very different from what it was in 1929 .
This reality was palpable in the political debate until as recently as a few weeks ago .
But Republicans are using a strategy of conscious denial to push it off the stage .
Take stock of the last few weeks and you can almost visualize the two conversations — path toward economic calamity and debate over Stimulus Bill — diverging .
The other key into the current debate is that the Republican position is ominously similar to their position on global warming or , for that matter , evolution .
The discussion of what to do on the Democratic side tracks more or less with textbook macroeconomics , while Republican argument track either with tax cut monomania or rhetorical claptrap intended to confuse .
It ’s true that macro-economics does n’t make controlled experiments possible .
And economists can’t speak to these issues with certainty .
But in most areas of our lives , when faced with dire potential consequences , we put our stock with scientific or professional consensus where it exists , as it does here .
Only in cases where it goes against Republican political interests or economic interests of money - backers do we prefer the schemes of yahoos and cranks to people who study the stuff for a living .
Of course , at some level , why would Republicans be trying to drive the country off a cliff ?
Well , not pretty to say , but they see it in their political interests .
Yes , the DeMints and Coburns just do n’t believe in government at all or have genuinely held if crankish economic views .
But a successful Stimulus Bill would be devastating politically for the Republican party .
And they know it .
If the GOP successfully bottles this up or kills it with a death of a thousand cuts , Democrats will have a good argument amongst themselves that Republicans were responsible for creating the carnage that followed .
But the satisfaction will have to be amongst themselves since as a political matter it will be irrelevant .
The public will be entirely within its rights to blame Democrats for any failure of government action that happened while Democrats held the White House and sizable majorities in both houses of Congress .
Alex Chatfield had wanted to go to a grammar school near his home
An 11 - year - old boy from Kent who passed the eleven plus exam faces a 90 - mile round trip to school each day after he was given a place at a grammar school .
Alex Chatfield , from Kemsing , near Sevenoaks , has been told his " nearest appropriate school " is in Folkestone .
Sandra Chatfield said it would take her son just over two hours to get to school and another two hours to return .
Kent County Council said the problem arose because grammar schools in west Kent were heavily subscribed .
Two trains
It has encouraged parents who have not been given a local school for their child to lodge an appeal by 26 March .
Alex had wanted to go to a grammar school near his home , but he did not get his first two choices , and was instead offered The Harvey Grammar School , in Folkestone .
" He would be able to do it if he walks to a station , takes one train , changes trains , gets a bus the other end , and has to still walk from the bus to the school , " Mrs Chatfield said .
Kent County Council ( KCC ) said this year 78 % of pupils got their first choice of school , an increase on 70 % last year .
Of those pupils who did not get their first choice , 11 % did get their second choice , it said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Sir Allen ( here in an archive image ) is also a cricket promoter FBI agents in the US state of Virginia have served Texan billionaire Sir Allen Stanford with civil legal papers from the US financial watchdog , the SEC .
Sir Allen , who disappeared from public view on Tuesday when he was accused by the SEC of an $ 8 bn ( £ 5.6 bn ) fraud , is believed to be in the Richmond area .
The SEC filed a civil case in court describing the case as a " fraud of shocking magnitude " .
He is not in custody and has not been charged with any criminal violations .
But officials from the US justice department , which handles criminal prosecutions , have made clear they are proceeding with their own investigation .
SEC COURT DOCUMENT
Read the allegations filed by the Securities and Exchange Commission in full [ 6.5 MB ]
Most computers will open this document automatically , but you may need Adobe Reader Download the reader here FBI spokesman Richard Kolko said that FBI agents , acting at the request of the SEC ( Securities and Exchange Commission ) , had served the papers on Sir Allen in Fredericksburg , Virginia .
The Texan cricket impresario is accused of luring investors with promises of improbable and unsubstantiated high returns on certificates of deposit and other investments .
The SEC needed to serve the papers to ensure that he turned in his passport and was made aware of the proceedings against him , the BBC's Richard Lister reports from Washington .
' Very depressed '
Stressing that Sir Allen had not been arrested , Mr Kolko said he did not know if he had actually surrendered his passport .
Giving few details , he said that agents from the FBI 's office in Richmond , Virginia , had " located and identified Stanford Financial Group chairman Allen Stanford in the Fredericksburg , Virginia area " .
The papers were served about 1345 local time ( 1845 GMT ) on Thursday as Sir Allen sat in a car , and the authorities do not believe he had been purposely hiding from them , an unnamed law enforcement source told the Associated Press .
ABC
News quoted one of the billionaire 's lobbyists , Ben Barnes , as saying that Sir Allen had been " very depressed " .
STANFORD'S FINANCIAL EMPIRE
The first Stanford company was founded in Texas in 1932 by Lodis B Stanford , Sir Allen Stanford 's grandfather Stanford Financial Group is a complex worldwide network of affiliated financial services companies
The group reports it has over $ 50 billion in assets Stanford International Bank is an Antigua - based affiliate with $ 8.5 bn in assets and 30,000 clients around the world .
Sir Allen Stanford is a chairman and sole shareholder Sources : Corporate websites , Securities and Exchange Commission
He had sought to end a federal manhunt for him by directly approaching officials at the US justice department , Mr Barnes added .
Sir Allen 's father , James Stanford , told AP in Mexia , Texas , that he hoped the allegations against his son were untrue .
" I have no earthly knowledge of it , " said the 81 - year - old , listed as chairman emeritus and a director for Stanford Financial Group .
" I would be totally surprised if there would be truth to it .
And disappointed , heartbroken . "
Asked what advice he would give his son , he said : " Do the right thing . "
States intervene Earlier , Peru and Venezuela became the latest countries to intervene in local banks controlled by the Stanford group .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Peru 's securities regulator suspended local operations of the Stanford Financial Group for 30 days and Venezuela said it would take control of Stanford Bank Venezuela .
Panama , Ecuador and Antigua also took action after the accusations against Sir Allen were reported .
Regulators were hoping to calm customers worried about investments as queues of worried investors have formed at banks associated with him in the US , the Caribbean and Latin America .
A civil court judge in the US has frozen the assets of Sir Allen and those of the Stanford Group , its Antigua - based subsidiary Stanford International Bank ( SIB ) , and another subsidiary , investment adviser Stanford Capital Management .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
ANN : cabal - debian et el
To : debian-haskell@lists.debian.org
Subject : ANN : cabal - debian et el
From : " Jeremy Shaw " < jeremy@n-heptane.com >
Date : Wed , 01 Apr 2009 17:58:57 - 0500
Message - id : < [ 🔎 ] 87bprg0ymm.wl%jeremy@n-heptane.com >
Hello ,
Having received no negative feedback , I uploaded the latest version of cabal - debian to hackage .
cabal - debian is part of the debian package which features : 1 . cabal - debian Automatically generate a debian directory from a .cabal package .
To use , cd in the root directory of the .cabal project and run : cabal - debian -- debianize
Then edit the debian directory as needed .
Mostly cabal libraries should build out of the box , but some may require extra love and care to build or to make lintian happy .
2 . the Debian library
The debian library contains code for : + parsing , manipulating , and printing common debian file formats , such as .changes files , control files , sources .
list files , etc. + parsing and comparing Debian Version numbers .
( Includes support for ~ , not sure if the version number policy has had any new additions since that ? ) + mapping entries in sources .
list to the corresponding file names of the downloaded index files on disk .
+ interface for using the binaries in /usr / lib / apt / methods for ' downloading ' files .
+ a Debian dependency solver .
You give it a Depends line , and it will provide solutions that satisfy the Depends .
Due to the combination of ' or ' dependencies and implicit / explicit Conflicts , calculating a solution for the dependencies is an NP - Hard problem .
However , last time I tested , this solver performed well against the packages in sid .
So , experimentally , I believe the types of cases that would cause this solver to choke , do not naturally occur often in the real world .
3 . BONUS : apt - get - build - depends apt - get provides a command build - depends so that you can do , apt - get build - depends for a source package , to install all the required build dependencies .
Unfortuantely , it does not look at the local debian / control , but rather , the Source package index file that it downloaded .
Additionally , when dpkg - buildpackage fails , it spits out a list of the missing build dependencies .
In theory , you would just copy and paste those missing build dependencies as the arguments to apt - get install .
Unfortuantely , apt - get install does not know how to parse the build - dependencies if they include | or version numbers .
Hence , the creation of apt - get - build - depends .
It will look in debian / control , find all the Build - Depends and Build - Depends - Indep and attempt to install them .
At present it is very hackish -- I believe it ignores architecture and version requiresments .
But , it 's a start :) - jeremy
The Wall Street stages of grief go something like this :
Anger , bargaining , acceptance , tell - all biography .
Deal Journal exclusively brings you two detailed excerpts from House of Cards : A Tale of Hubris and Wretched Excess on Wall Street by William D. Cohan , to be published in March , 2009 by Doubleday , a division of Random House , Inc. Cohan brings lively quotes about the tensions surrounding the death of Bear Stearns .
Random ...
So I have been making sky lanterns and painting pictures onto the sheets before I glue them together .
I asked my friend what picture she wanted on her lantern , and she said " magic sparkly pirate unicorn ? " so I googled it and got this , and was like " PERFECT ! "
And she is a big fan of Star Trek !
So now this is painted onto what will soon be a sky lantern , and will either fly high into the sky or burn up or both .
These films are really awesome due to their great story lines and wonderful cinematography .
I would advise watching these films with subtitles on instead of dubbed , although dubbing can be hilarious it does not keep the authentic feel of the films so only watch them dubbed when drunk or really bored .
5. City of God
13 Tzameti
ZatÃ ƒÂ´ichi
The Host
Battle Royale
An epic gangster film set in Brazil with a wonderfully complex plot line which scales from Rocket 's ( the main protaganist ) childhood to later on in his life in which time he witnesses his freinds get dragged into lives of crime and drugs and sees the continuos escalation of violence in Brazil first hand .
The film has a large array of different characters that all posses different traits and characteristcs that make them unique within the films harsh environment , and the film stays consistent with the story not spiraling off in a tangent as you see with certain other films , I have included this film in the list because of its incredibly stylish representation of gang warfare in Brazil and the films completely incredible story .
This ones not for the faint of heart as almost the whole film is based upon the concept of raising the audiences tension and it manages it superbly , it has a slow build up which leads to a hauntingly dramatic climax .
This is a French film ( I usually dislike french cinema greatly due to french directors often trying to over " Artsify " the film , I just made that word up sounds cool though ) but this film is an exception and although it does maintain some of these roots by making it " Film Noire " it allows the film to maintain a great deal of the suspense which it tries to install in the audience .
The film tells the story of Sebastien who while working as a construction worker steals a letter addressed to the owner of the house he is working on , containing instructions regarding a mysterious job which promises to pay out a fortune , he follows the instructions which unwittingly traps him in a dark and violent underworld game played by the rich .
This game involves 13 contestants who undergo a large game of Russian roulete , arranging themselves into a circle and pointing and ultimately firing their revolver at the man in front of them , the amount of bullets in each revolver increases each round .
Spectators place bets on who will survive .
It is horryfying at times but well worth the watch due to the well thought out plot and superb acting by all the actors involved .
They are planning to remake an American version of the film with an all star cast ( Mickey Rourke , 50 cent , Jason Statham ) :( which while it still has potential I doubt it will be as good as the original , watch it .
3 . This film is extremely stylish and very cool , it tells the story of a blind samuria called Zatoichi who is a well known film icon in Japan as he is represented in many films , but I would recommend first of all seeing this one before exploring further .
The story is not too complex as long as you follow it carefully but it contains quite a strange mix of genres , comedy , action and sort of musical ( there is no singing per se but the fight scenes mix so well with the music that it feels as though it sort of is , plus there is a truly amazing musical performance at the end of the film ) .
While you would expect an action film about samurais to be extremely bloody , it is n't , instead while their is blood present it is done in a strangely animated way its hard to explain but incredibly awesome , and looks very realistic beats cgi any day .
While I believe the many people reading this will just judge this films as one of those wierd films you see every so often in video stores e.g. Ninja Warrior VIII ( just made that up but probably exists ) but trust me its not , its great , and I recommend it whole heartedly .
2. I have to admit at first I refused to watch the film because I thought that it would just be one of those crap horror films that have churning out in cinemas lately , but when I watched this I was blown away beats any horror film Hollywood has made in years .
The Host is a comedy / horror film that covers both genres superbly ,
It tells the story of a family who at first are living average lives in Korea near the Han River but upon the appearance of a terryfying creature ( its like a cross between Godzilla and the creature from the black lagoon , much smaller then godzilla ) which kidnaps Hyun - seo ( the daughter of the main protaganist Park Gang - du ) and so the familly are forced to hunt the creature down while the military and the goverment try to stop them claiming the creature is the cause of a highly dangerous virus .
The film is great and switches constantly between comedy and horror and unlike other horror films that try to achieve this it is actually funny .
This film is great and most of the film is in english which is cool .
1. This the grand - daddy of all foreign films and it is absoloutely awesome , no foreign film I have seen to this day has managed to surpass the films stylish presentation , the films plot is nothing amazing but due to great direction it turns into an amazing story with great characters .
Pretty much the story is that a class of college kids in Japan are brought into the battle royale program by the goverment , where they have to effectively kill each other off on an island with a weaponry they are assigned where the only surviving contestant is announced the winner e.g. ( crossbow , pistol , uzi , pot lid , list goes on ) the reason for them doing this is that there is great unemployment and students are uprising against their elders , effectively .
The film is extremely violent but because of the subject matter it sort of has to be .
Go out buy it , rent it whatever , thats all I have to say .
Other Great Foreign
Films not mentioned : Pan's LabyrinthThe Audition ( creepy but cool ) Feel free to leave comments .
From the second I read the sentence , I knew there was something fishy about it .
Many years ' experience in reading and then looking into rightwing canards set off the usual alarm bells in my head .
So I know how these things work .
But even I was shocked after I looked into the truth of the matter .
My daily readings led me to an interview with Newt Gingrich in Christianity Today .
The former speaker was asked whether opposition to tax increases was an adequate " uniting message " for his party .
Gingrich replied that there had to be more to the party 's story .
For instance , he said :
You have Obama nominating Judge Hamilton , who said in her ruling that saying the words Jesus Christ in a prayer is a sign of inappropriate behavior , but saying Allah would be OK .
You 'll find most Republican senators voting against a judge who is confused about whether you can say Jesus Christ in a prayer , particularly one who is pro-Muslim being able to say Allah .
That seemed , frankly , ridiculous .
I happened to know that the " Hamilton " in question was from Indiana and had a reputation as a moderate - to - liberal jurist .
I also happened to know that " her " first name was David , so Gingrich could not get even this basic fact straight ( obviously , he assumed , only some sort of Wiccan lesbian could deliver such a ruling ! ) .
So I wanted to know more .
I Googled around , and sure enough , a search returned thousands of rabid posts from the wing - o- sphere about this judge who thinks Indianans should be allowed to pray to Allah but not to Jesus .
This one apparently set things going .
And from there it was off to the races .
I had to slog my way through about four or five pages of this nonsense on the returned results , but eventually I found my way to the actual case , and I went and looked up Hamilton 's actual decision .
The case is captioned Hinrichs v Bosma .
It was decided 30 November 2005 , and you can read the 60 - page decision in pdf form here .
Naturally , it 's all a lie , but as I said , even I was shocked at how rancidly despicable a lie it was .
Here 's the case .
It involved ceremonial prayers to open the proceedings of the Indiana state legislature .
Typically in America , clergy from around a given state are invited to the state capitol to deliver opening prayers during a legislative session .
As it happened , a majority of these prayers – 29 out of 45 examined by the court – invoked Jesus Christ .
Some who were n't of the Christian faith objected .
Hinrichs is one of four Indiana taxpayers who filed suit requesting that ceremonial prayers refrain from appearing to prefer one religion to another .
Before I go any further let me say that I have my qualms about these kinds of lawsuits .
I 'd prefer that people sit down and work things out .
Most American small towns are mostly Christian .
If the town fathers place a crèche in the courthouse square , they 're clearly doing something that would meet with the approval of the vast majority of the community .
My preferred outcome would be not that the town have to remove it , but that the town 's Jews and Muslims and others petition for some additional display to show respect for their faiths , and the Christian majority agree .
But sitting down and working things out requires that the majority respect the minority 's feelings on the matter .
In Indiana , this was not done .
Bosma is Brian Bosma , the former speaker of Indiana 's House .
He opposed the suit and argued that clerics should be allowed to invoke the man from Nazareth in keeping with the beliefs and wishes of the larger community .
So off to court they went .
Hamilton 's decision is eminently calm and even - keeled .
He finds , in sum , that Hinrichs 's petition constitutes classic establishment clause stuff , as indeed it does .
Interestingly , he relies on two decisions from the fourth judicial circuit to lay out his argument .
Why is this interesting ?
Because the fourth circuit , based in Virginia , is the country 's most conservative .
The fourth circuit heard a case called Wynn v Town of Great Falls .
The town council opened its meetings with a prayer that regularly mentioned Jesus Christ .
The fourth circuit – remember , the country 's most conservative – ruled that Great Falls stood in clear violation of the establishment clause , and that the prayer " promoted one religion over all others " .
Not only did Hamilton rely on the country 's most conservative federal circuit court , he specifically cited an opinion written by one of the most conservative jurists on that court .
Judge J Harvie Wilkinson is always on the short list when a US supreme court seat opens up during a Republican presidency .
But even Wilkinson wrote , as Hamilton quotes him :
We cannot adopt a view of the tradition of legislative prayer that chops up American citizens on public occasions into representatives of one sect and one sect only , whether Christian , Jewish or Wiccan .
In private observances , the faithful surely choose to express the unique aspects of their creeds .
But in their civic faith , Americans have reached more broadly .
Our civic faith seeks guidance that is not the property of any sect .
That 's a deeply conservative jurist talking , and saying : no Jesus in governmental settings .
So here 's where the lie comes in .
Hamilton did indeed rule that Jesus Christ must not be mentioned in legislative prayers .
But what did he say about Allah ?
It practically goes without saying that the decision does n't so much as mention Allah .
So this is what his wing - nut critics are doing :
They 're using the fact that he proscribes mentions of Jesus but does not specifically proscribe mentions of Allah to assert that he thinks mentions of Allah would be perfectly , as it were , kosher .
But in fact , he says exactly the opposite in the decision .
Read this paragraph , from page 49 :
The Speaker has also suggested that such an explicit caution about Christian references " would be the first known religious viewpoint discrimination in connection with the Indiana House invocation . " ...
The criticism is misguided .
The decisive point of constitutional law is that a practice of sectarian prayer favouring any particular religion violates the establishment clause .
From the evidence here , it is clear that the letters asking invited clerics to " strive for an ecumenical prayer " have not been sufficient to prevent many Christian speakers from using the prayer opportunity to advance and even to proselytise Christianity .
The same strictures will apply to sectarian Jewish or Muslim prayers , for example .
This record , however , shows no efforts by Jewish or Muslim clerics to use the prayer opportunity to advance their particular religions .
At this juncture , there is no need to be more specific in the injunction as to what would amount to a sectarian prayer in those traditions .
The same strictures will apply !
In other words , Hamilton wrote that he'd have said precisely the same thing if he'd been petitioned about Yahweh or Allah or any deity .
You can see clearly that the wingers have taken the last sentence of this paragraph , yanked it completely out of context , and then taken the extra step ( or two or three ) of insinuating that of course , this kind of Godless heathen is exactly the sort of nominee you 'd expect from a secret Muslim president who can't produce a birth certificate .
And let 's not leave this subject without noting the revolting racism of the mention of Allah .
It was n't the possibility of people praying to Buddha that Gingrich and all the others were alarmed by , or Vishnu , or the Shinto God Kami .
Only Allah .
That millions of decent and patriotic Americans pray to Allah every day does n't concern Gingrich and the others in the slightest .
What kind of person can say or write such blatant lies ?
And I 'd like to report that this is unusual , but this kind of slippery illogic is standard operating procedure on today 's right .
Find something that might inflame opinion and stoke prejudice , and pump it .
Does n't matter that it is n't really true .
By the time the other side explains that it is n't true , we 'll already have won .
They know that no one 's going to read page 49 of a legal opinion .
As it happens this time someone did , but often , alas , they 're right .
These are sick , sick people .
May their Jesus consign them to history 's ash heap .
Adriana lima news and articles aceshowbiz.com presents adriana lima which features on biography , picture gallery , latest news , filmography , trivia , awards and wallpaper .
Adriana lima - mlive.com myspace profile for adriana lima& 39 s official myspace page with pictures , videos , personal blog , interests , information about me and more .
High quality adriana lima compilation video ryoni.com ryoni ebay - find adriana lima poster on ebay adriana lima is considered by many to be one of the most popular and beautiful models in the world .
Adriana lima ( the best looking brazilian supermodel ) adriana lima women celebrities profile biography , latest photos , pics , news , gossip , comments , success and sexiness rating check out adriana lima on askmen.com now .
Adriana lima pictures , biography , filmography , news , videos an engagement ring on her birthday and a secret marriage on valentine 's day who knew jocks could be so romantic adriana lima , a brazilian supermodel and a victoria 's secret .
What do you mean lucky he did n't lose his head ?
He is obviously extremely hurt from the looks of the video and im glad everyone on here could care less about it .
When did Gizmodo become [ break.com ] making fun of people who get hurt ??
China has the most reserves of dollars worldwide US Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner has defended the dollar as the world reserve currency , a day after China called for it to be replaced .
He said the dollar was the world 's dominant reserve currency and was likely to remain for a long time .
On Tuesday , China 's central bank called for a new reserve currency run by the International Monetary Fund .
Central bank governor Zhou Xiaochuan said the recent crisis revealed the dangers of relying on one currency .
CURRENCY RESERVES
Foreign currency held by a government or a central bank Used to pay foreign debt obligations or influence exchange rates
The dollar is viewed as the world 's reserve currency as the vast majority of reserves are held in the US currency
China suggests switch from dollar Earlier this month , Mr Zhou said the IMF 's Special Drawing Rights basket could be used as a reserve currency , which would include dollars , euros , sterling and yen .
Mr Geithner said he had not yet read Mr Zhou 's plans but said : " As I understand it , it 's a proposal designed to increase the use of the IMF's Special Drawing Rights . "
" I am actually quite open to that suggestion , " he said .
China , which holds the most currency reserves in the world worth some $ 2tn ( £ 1.37tn ) , has often complained about the dollar 's volatility .
Recently , China has shown concerns that the US 's steps to rescue its economy could weaken the dollar 's value .
UK Prime Minister also entered the debate on the dollar on Wednesday , saying he also rejected China 's proposal .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Susan Davis reports on the latest WSJ / NBC News poll .
The vast majority of Americans , 84 % , think the current economic conditions were inherited and not caused by President Barack Obama , according to the latest Wall Street Journal / NBC
News poll to be released today .
Further , the majority of respondents do n’t believe Obama will be viewed as responsible for the economy ’s state until much later in his term .
Asked at what point Obama will be “ mostly responsible for the country ’s economic conditions , ” 25 % said in one to two years , 18 % said in two to three years , and 23 % said in more than three years .
Just 2 % said Obama would shoulder the responsibility in his first six months in office , and 13 % said in the first year .
For the full poll results , check back at WSJ.com at 6:30 p.m. EST .
Readers :
When will you consider President Obama responsible for the economy ’s state ?
13th November 2008 , 10:20 pm
I read Max Rabkin ’s recent post Beautiful folding with great excitement .
He shows how to make combine multiple folds over the same list into a single pass , which can then drastically reduce memory requirements of a lazy functional program .
Max ’s trick is giving folds a data representation and a way to combine representations that corresponds to combining the folds .
Peeking out from behind Max ’s definitions is a lovely pattern I ’ve been noticing more and more over the last couple of years , namely type class morphisms .
Folds as data
Max gives a data representation of folds and adds on an post - fold step , which makes them composable .
data Fold b c = forall a . F ( a -> b -> a ) a ( a -> c )
The components of a Fold are a ( strict left ) fold ’s combiner function and initial value , plus a post - fold step .
This interpretation is done by a function cfoldl ' , which turns these data folds into function folds :
cfoldl ' :: Fold b c -> [ b ] -> c cfoldl ' ( F op e k ) = k . foldl ' op e
where foldl ' is the standard strict , left - fold functional :
foldl ' :: ( a -> b -> a ) -> a -> [ b ] -> a foldl ' op a [ ] = a foldl ' op a ( b: bs ) = let a ' = a `op` b in a ' `seq` foldl ' f a' bs
Standard classes
As Twan van Laarhoven pointed out in a comment on Max ’s post , Fold b is a functor and an applicative functor , so some of Max ’s Fold - manipulating functions can be replaced by standard vocabulary .
The Functor instance is pretty simple :
instance Functor ( Fold b ) where fmap h ( F op e k ) = F op e ( h . k)
The Applicative instance is a bit trickier .
For strictness , Max used used a type of strict pairs :
data Pair c c' = P !c !c '
The instance :
instance Applicative ( Fold b ) where pure a = F ( error " no op " ) ( error " no e " ) ( const a ) F op e k <*> F op ' e' k' = F op '' e'' k'' where P a a ' `op ' '` b = P ( a `op` b ) ( a ' `op '` b ) e'' =
P e e' k'' ( P a a ' ) = ( k a ) ( k ' a ' )
Given that Fold b is an applicative functor , Max ’s bothWith function is then lift A2 .
Max ’s multi-cfoldl ' rule then becomes :
forall c f g xs. h ( cfoldl ' f xs ) ( cfoldl ' g xs ) == cfoldl ' ( lift A2 h f g ) xs
thus replacing two passes with one pass .
Beautiful properties
Now here ’s the fun part .
Looking at the Applicative instance for ( (-> ) a ) , the rule above is equivalent to
forall c f g. lift A2 h ( cfoldl ' f ) ( cfoldl ' g ) == cfoldl ' ( lift A2 h f g )
Flipped around , this rule says that lift A2 distributes over cfoldl ' .
Or , “ the meaning of lift A2 is lift A2 “ .
Neat , huh ?
Moreover , this lift A2 property is equivalent to the following :
forall f g. cfoldl ' f <*> cfoldl ' g == cfoldl ' ( f <*> g )
This form is one of the two Applicative morphism laws ( which I usually write in the reverse direction ) :
For more about these morphisms , see Simplifying semantics with type class morphisms .
That post suggests that semantic functions in particular ought to be type class morphisms ( and if not , then you ’d have an abstraction leak ) .
And cfoldl ' is a semantic function , in that it gives meaning to a Fold .
The other type class morphisms in this case are
cfoldl ' ( pure a ) == pure a cfoldl ' ( fmap h f ) == fmap h ( cfoldl ' f )
Given the Functor and Applicative instances of ( (->) a ) , these two properties are equivalent to
cfoldl ' ( pure a ) == const a cfoldl ' ( fmap h f ) == h . cfoldl ' f
or
cfoldl ' ( pure a ) xs == a cfoldl ' ( fmap h f ) xs == h ( cfoldl ' f xs )
Rewrite rules
Max pointed out that GHC does not handle his original multi-cfoldl ' rule .
The reason is that the head of the LHS ( left - hand side ) is a variable .
However , the type class morphism laws have constant ( known ) functions at the head , so I expect they could usefully act as fusion rewrite rules .
Inevitable instances
Given the implementations ( instances ) of Functor and Applicative for Fold , I ’d like to verify that the morphism laws for cfoldl ' ( above ) hold .
Functor
Start with fmap .
The morphism law :
cfoldl ' ( fmap h f ) == fmap h ( cfoldl ' f )
First , give the Fold argument more structure , so that ( without loss of generality ) the law becomes
cfoldl ' ( fmap h ( F op e k ) ) == fmap h ( cfoldl ' ( F op e k ) )
The game is to work backward from this law to the definition of fmap for Fold .
I ’ll do so by massaging the RHS ( right - hand side ) into the form cfoldl ' (... ) , where “ ... ” is the definition fmap h ( F op e k ) .
fmap h ( cfoldl ' ( F op e k ) ) == {- inline cfoldl ' -} fmap h ( k . foldl ' op e ) == {- inline fmap on functions -} h . ( k . foldl ' op e ) == {- associativity of (. ) -} ( h . k ) . foldl ' op e == {- uninline cfoldl ' - } cfoldl ' ( F op e ( h . k ) ) == {- uninline fmap on Fold -} cfoldl ' ( fmap h ( F op e k ) )
This proof show why Max had to add the post - fold function k to his Fold type .
If k were n’t there , we could n’t have buried the h in it .
More usefully , this proof suggests how we could have discovered the fmap definition .
For instance , we might have tried with a simpler and more obvious Fold representation :
data FoldS a b = FS ( a -> b -> a ) a
Getting into the fmap derivation , we ’d come to
h . foldsl ' op e
and then we ’d be stuck .
But not really , because the awkward extra bit ( h . ) beckons us to generalize by adding Max ’s post - fold function .
Applicative
Next pure :
cfoldl ' ( pure a ) == pure a
Reason as before , starting with the RHS
pure a == {- inline pure on functions -} const a == {- property of const -} const a .
foldl op e == {- uninline cfoldl ' - } cfoldl ' ( F ( const a ) op e )
The imaginative step was inventing structure to match the definition of cfoldl ' .
This definition is true for any values of op and e , so we can use bottom in the definition :
instance Applicative ( Fold b ) where pure a = F undefined undefined ( const a )
As Twan noticed , the existential ( forall ) also lets us pick defined values for op and e .
He chose ( _ _ -> ( ) ) and ( ) .
The derivation of ( <*> ) is trickier and is the heart of the problem of fusing folds to reduce multiple traversals to a single one .
Why the heart ?
Because ( <*> ) is all about combining two things into one .
Intermission
I ’m taking a break here .
While fiddling with a proof of the ( <*> ) morphism law , I realized a simpler way to structure these folds , which will be the topic of an upcoming post .
I read Max Rabkin ’s recent post Beautiful folding with great excitement .
He shows how to make combine multiple folds over the same list into a single pass , which can then ...
SSL Blacklist 4.0
Intro
Update 12/31/2008
SSL Blacklist now detects and warns about certificate chains that use the MD5 algorithm for RSA signatures .
An pdf
The demonstrated attack has two notable prerequisites : the ability to predict information in the prefix blocks of the data , and the present existence of CAs that use MD5 - RSA to sign CSRs .
Since RapidSSL quite quickly switched to SHA1 , the latter prerequisite seems to be harder to come across .
( They issued a certificate to me at 9 am this morning , less than 24 hours after the attack has been publicized , and this certificate no longer uses MD5 . )
There is , however , a large number of CAs out there , and it is certain that some of them will continue to use MD5 for one reason or another .
As for predicting information in the prefix block : some CAs may make this harder than others , but some low - volume CAs may require even less of an effort than RapidSSL did .
The real issue is , however , that this current attack is just a sign of things to come .
MD5 has been known to have been weak for years , and now a small team with relatively modest resources essentially gained the ability to spoof any secure website on the Internet .
Things are likely to accelerate from here and newer , more devastating attacks on MD5 are likely to surface soon .
Therefore it may be prudent to avoid , or , at the very least , not place much trust in websites that authenticate themselves with the help of MD5 .
After all , there is no way to automatically distinguish between a chain with a genuine MD5 - based certificate signature and a chain with a counterfeit certificate .
This recent update to SSL Blacklist will help you do just that .
MD5 has been all but retired from daily use for years now .
You 're not very likely to come across an important website with a certificate that has been signed using MD5 - RSA .
If you do , however , tread carefully .
A quick note on root certificates signed with MD5 - RSA : these exist in abundance , and they 're quite notable , such as the " Thawte Premium Server CA " from 1996 .
Fortunately , nothing indicates that root CA certificates that are distributed with client software would be of any risk , even if they have been signed using MD5 - RSA .
It 's certificates that your client software does not already have a copy of , such as certificates issued to servers or intermediate CAs , that you have to be careful with .
SSL Blackist by default will ignore root certificates that are self - signed with MD5 - RSA , but will check every other certificate in the chain .
You can change this behavior on the Options dialog , accessible from the Add - ons menu .
SSL Blacklist now detects and warns about certificate chains that use the MD5 algorithm for RSA signatures .
An attack has been demonstrated yesterday that highlights the practicality of the well - publicized weaknesses of the MD5 algorithm .
Essentially , any certificate signed with the MD5 algorithm may be counterfeit .
The demonstrated attack has two notable prerequisites : the ability to predict information in the prefix blocks of the data , and the present existence of CAs that use MD5 - RSA to sign CSRs .
Since RapidSSL quite quickly switched to SHA1 , the latter prerequisite seems to be harder to come across .
( They issued a certificate to me at 9 am this morning , less than 24 hours after the attack has been publicized , and this certificate no longer uses MD5 . )
There is , however , a large number of CAs out there , and it is certain that some of them will continue to use MD5 for one reason or another .
As for predicting information in the prefix block : some CAs may make this harder than others , but some low - volume CAs may require even less of an effort than RapidSSL did .
The real issue is , however , that this current attack is just a sign of things to come .
MD5 has been known to have been weak for years , and now a small team with relatively modest resources essentially gained the ability to spoof any secure website on the Internet .
Things are likely to accelerate from here and newer , more devastating attacks on MD5 are likely to surface soon .
Therefore it may be prudent to avoid , or , at the very least , not place much trust in websites that authenticate themselves with the help of MD5 .
After all , there is no way to automatically distinguish between a chain with a genuine MD5 - based certificate signature and a chain with a counterfeit certificate .
This recent update to SSL Blacklist will help you do just that .
MD5 has been all but retired from daily use for years now .
You 're not very likely to come across an important website with a certificate that has been signed using MD5 - RSA .
If you do , however , tread carefully .
A quick note on root certificates signed with MD5 - RSA : these exist in abundance , and they 're quite notable , such as the " Thawte Premium Server CA " from 1996 .
Fortunately , nothing indicates that root CA certificates that are distributed with client software would be of any risk , even if they have been signed using MD5 - RSA .
It 's certificates that your client software does not already have a copy of , such as certificates issued to servers or intermediate CAs , that you have to be careful with .
SSL Blackist by default will ignore root certificates that are self - signed with MD5 - RSA , but will check every other certificate in the chain .
You can change this behavior on the Options dialog , accessible from the Add - ons menu .
Overview
The FF Extension
SSL Blacklist in action
( click to enlarge )
Under The Hood
The Online Service
[ need JS to reveal mailto link ]
Revision History ( SSL Blacklist )
4.0.32 ( Jan -31 , 2010 )
Firefox 3.6 compatibility
4.0.31 ( May - 18 , 2009 )
Firefox 3.5 compatibility
4.0.30 ( Dec - 31 , 2008 )
Detect MD5 signature algorithms
3.0.25 ( Nov - 20 , 2008 )
Optional update : Firefox 3.1 compatibility
3.0.24 ( Aug - 12 , 2008 )
Parse and handle the odd - sized ( 1000 - bit ) RSA Data Security root certificate properly
3.0.22 ( Jun -28 , 2008 )
Moved the blacklist database to a set of DNS servers for dynamic queries .
Extension size reduction : 99.93 %
FF3 compatibility : handle EV certificates properly
2.0.16 ( Jun -23 , 2008 )
Expanded database covering x86 , x64 and PPC platforms for key lengths 512 , 1024 , 2048 and 4096 bits ( yes , this makes the extension ridiculously big at a 31 MB download and 60 + MB installation size )
1.3.15 ( Jun - 19 , 2008 )
UI fix for FF2 on Mandriva Linux ( and possibly other distros )
1.2.13 ( Jun -16 , 2008 )
Minor bugfixes
Icon in URL bar for secure sites
" Official " FF3 compatibility
1.1.10 ( Jun - 1 , 2008 )
Mac compatibility
Added one - click reporting capability
1.0.7 ( May - 28 , 2008 )
First release
Revision History ( SSL Blacklist Local Database )
1.0.8 ( Jan -31 , 2010 )
Firefox 3.6 compatibility
1.0.7 ( May - 18 , 2009 )
Optional update : Firefox 3.5 compatibility
1.0.6 ( Nov - 20 , 2008 )
Optional update : Firefox 3.1 compatibility
1.0.5 ( Aug - 12 , 2008 )
Optional update : added support for global install of the extension
1.0.3 ( Jun - 28 , 2008 )
First release
If you know why you 're here and what the " SSL Blacklist " extension does , you can install it from here , or from the pretty link in the right column .
Otherwise , read on for a description and some tech details .
There 's been quite a bit of reporting and discussion about the fix for Debian bug # 363516 that 's gone horribly bad .
Some of it 's really funny .
Unfortunately , the problem is a big one .
A quick , one paragraph rehash : all RSA & DSA keypairs generated with OpenSSL on affected systems ( any Debian - based system between roughly Sep - 17 - 2006 and May - 13 - 2008 ) are trivial to guess .
The fix is not so simple .
After updating OpenSSL on an affected system , you need to figure out if any of your crypto keys are affected .
Keys are affected if they have been generated on a system with the crippled OpenSSL stack ( or , in the case of DSA keys , simply used to log in from an affected system to any other system ) .
You need to regenerate all such keys and replace your SSL certificates as well .
Why does this concern me ?
I 'm not a big Linux user , neither at home nor at work .
We patched the few Linux systems that we had to patch , we 've regenerated the affected SSH host and user keypairs .
We have n't generated any SSL CSRs on Debian , so we 're cool , right ?
Well , not really .
Debian is a pretty popular Linux distro , and rightly so .
This means that there are many websites out there running on Debian - and visiting an SSL site running on a system that has been affected by the bug may mean that the SSL certificate in play is essentially worthless and does nothing to secure communications between my browser and the website I 'm visiting .
What 's even worse , I have no way to tell if this is the case .
Of course if the site 's admin is doing his job well , then they 're going to get their bad SSL cert reissued .
Most CAs will do this for free .
( If you run your own CA then this is even easier ... just look here , these sites have really fresh certs with telltale timestamps , demonstrating that their sysadmins know what they 're doing : alioth.debian.org and nm.debian.org .)
But what about the rest of the world ?
How do I know that the next time I 'm buying shoes or books or whatever online , entering my CC info , the information is really secure ?
Unfortunately the CAs are n't rushing to revoke bad SSL certs .
What 's more , for testing purposes , I 've generated a CSR on an Ubuntu system which had a crippled RNG , and GoDaddy was quick to sign it for me .
It 's right here : https://bad.codefromthe70s.org .
See ?
Looks perfectly fine , looks secure , but it 's absolutely worthless .
CAs should not be signing CSRs that are based on bad keys - and they should be revoking existing certificates too .
Unfortunately this is n't happening .
So I decided to put together a Firefox extension that can detect bad certificates for me .
It only took a few hours after the release of SSL Blacklist for a user to find a website with a bad keypair .
If you use SSL Blacklist and you 're alerted of a site with a bad certificate , use the " Report " button .
So far 445 bad certificates have been reported Here 's what the extension looks like when it detects a problem :
The Ubuntu folks have published an openssl - blacklist package that contains fingerprints for 1,179,648 known bad keys .
My SSL Blacklist extension incorporates the openssl - blacklist databases , and will warn you when you 're accessing a site that is not secure .
This should go a long way towards giving you some peace of mind .
To grab the extension ( signed code with a signed updater mechanism ) , just click the link to the XPI in the right column .
IE users should check out a similar utility published by Heise
The blacklist database is positively huge : the nature of the OpenSSL bug was that it'd generate one of precisely 98,304 keypairs on any given architecture for any given key length .
The number of possible keys per architecture per keylength is three times 32,768 : first , 32,768 possible keys with the ~/.rnd file , 32,768 possible keys without one ( first runs of OpenSSL ) , and finally , 32,768 possible keys with an unreadable ~/.rnd file ( such as when OpenSSL is invoked with sudo and the file becomes unreadable ) .
All in all , 32,768 x 3 x 3 x 4 = 1,179,648 keys , covering the most common platforms ( x86 , x64 and PPC ) and most common key sizes ( 512 , 1024 , 2048 and 4096 bits ) .
The current database format uses 51 bytes per key - there 's some redundancy in there which is mitigated by compression but there 's not much that can be done to make the files significantly smaller .
The local database , however , is now purely optional : This new version of SSL Blacklist , by default , uses a DNS - based distributed online service to handle lookups .
When you visit an SSL site , the modulus of the certificate 's public key is hashed , and the hash is queried from the DNS database .
If there 's a hit , a warning is presented .
Both positive and negative DNS responses are cached in the browser with a one - month expiration date .
This ensures that the DNS requests are kept to a minimum .
This is mainly done to mitigate any privacy - related concerns that users may have .
Even if URLs are not sent to a 3rd party server , only the hash of the certificate 's modulus , it 's best to keep such traffic to a minimum .
If you are very much concerned about privacy , you should install the " SSL Blacklist Local Database " extension alongside with " SSL Blacklist " .
This will put the entire 31 MB download ( 60 MB uncompressed ) on your computer , and SSL Blacklist , when it detects this " sister extension " , will only use the local database for modulus checks .
If online installation does not work for you for some reason , you can download the XPI packages from here : sslblacklist -4.0.32.xpi and sslblacklist-localdb-1.0.8.xpi
The DNS - based database is implemented via thedomain .
This is a simple domain whose nameservers answer with a certain A record ( 127.0.0.2 ) when known - bad " hosts " are queried , such as .
When it receives requests for modulus hashes that it does not know about , it responds with a different A record ( 127.0.0.3 ) , signaling that the key is not blacklisted .
Doing all this via DNS was a pretty obvious choice in retrospect .
First , the database is fairly static so it was possible to convert it to a giant zone file and forget about the whole data processing aspect of the backend : the DNS server software handles requests , lookups and responses .
Second , the protocol is extremely lightweight .
Third , it scales very well , because caching is inherent in the DNS protocol .
Fourth , it 's very easy to have multiple servers act in a redundant and load - sharing manner .
The only downside DNS has versus , say , AJAX over SSL is that if an attacker can be in - path between you and an SSL site you 're visiting and intends to exploit a weak certificate ( which is probably what you 're worried about ) , then spoofing DNS responses ( and therefore rendering SSL Blacklist useless ) should also be pretty trivial for him .
Hm .
You may want to think about installing that 30 - meg " sister extension " in the right hand bar there .
Questions , comments , flames ?
Drop me a line at
I 've been spending a lot of time in the Terminal lately .
I use bash , and it lets you configure the prompt pretty much however you want .
I wo n't go into how to do the most basic configuration here - if you want to get up to speed check out this guide .
In this post I 'm just going to talk about one simple addition that I personally find very helpful : displaying the current branch of a Mercurial repository .
Update : the hg- prompt Extension
I swear , this is the last time I 'm updating this entry .
I went ahead and made an extension for Mercurial called hg - prompt that does everything much more elegantly .
Use that instead !
My Starting Point
Here 's what my prompt looked like a couple of days ago :
Here 's the code in my . bashrc file to create it .
I 've stripped out the color information to save space .
export PS1= '
\u at \h in \w
$ '
I use the same prompt on every computer I work with , so with this prompt I can see which user I 'm logged in as , which machine I 'm on , and where in the filesystem I am .
It 's a lot of useful information at a glance but does n't seem too cluttered .
I have a linebreak in there because the filesystem path can get pretty long .
If I kept it all on one line most of my commands would be wrapped around anyway , which I find harder to read .
Adding the Mercurial Branch
I use Mercurial for version control , and I use branches quite a bit when I 'm developing .
One problem with this is that it 's easy to forget which branch I 'm on at a given moment .
I could just use hg branch to find out , but that gets tedious to type , even when aliased to something like hb .
A few days ago I got the idea that I could just display the current branch on my prompt whenever I 'm in a directory that 's part of a repository .
Here 's what my prompt looks like now :
And here 's the code in my . bashrc that does it :
hg_in_repo( ) { hg branch 2 > / dev/ null | awk ' {print " on " } ' } hg_branch ( ) { hg branch 2 > / dev/ null | awk '{print $ 1} ' } export PS1= '
\u at \h in \w $ ( hg_in_repo ) $ ( hg_branch )
$ '
The on branchname piece is only displayed when you 're in a directory that 's part of a Mercurial repository .
I 've split it up into two separate functions because I wanted to have on and branchname displayed in two different colors .
I could n't seem to include the color codes in the awk command , so I split it up and put the colors in the export statement with the rest of them .
If you do n't care about colors ( or do n't mind having both words the same color ) you can just collapse it into one function .
Updated : Is It Dirty ?
After I posted this entry Matt Kemp commented with a link to a git version .
One feature that version has is a simple indicator of whether or not the repository you 're in is dirty .
I ported it to Mercurial and here 's the result :
And the code in . bashrc :
hg_dirty ( ) { hg status -- no - color 2 > / dev / null \ | awk ' $ 1 == " ? " { print " ? " } $ 1 != " ? " { print " ! " }' \ | sort | uniq | head - c1 } hg_in_repo ( ) { [ [ `hg branch 2 > / dev/ null` ] ] && echo ' on ' } hg_branch ( ) { hg branch 2 > / dev/ null } export PS1 = '
\u at \h in \w $ ( hg_in_repo ) $ ( hg_branch ) $ ( hg_dirty )
$ '
This gives you a ?
after the branch when there are untracked files ( and only untracked files ) , and a !
if there are any modified , tracked files .
Updated : Bookmarks
Too !
I 've added another piece to show bookmarks as well .
I 've also figured out how to add colors directly in the functions , so here 's the ( much nicer ) updated code all at once :
DEFAULT= " [ 37;40 m " PINK = " [ 35;40 m " GREEN= " [ 32;40 m " ORANGE = " [ 33;40 m " hg_dirty ( ) { hg status -- no - color 2 > / dev / null \ | awk ' $ 1 == " ? " { unknown = 1 } $ 1 != " ? " { changed = 1 } END { if ( changed ) printf " ! " else if ( unknown ) printf " ? " }' } hg_branch ( ) { hg branch 2 > / dev/ null | \ awk '{ printf " \033 [ 37;0 m on \033[ 35;40 m " $ 1 } ' hg bookmarks 2 > / dev/null | \ awk '/\*/ { printf " \033 [ 37;0 m at \033[ 33;40 m " $ 2 } ' } export PS1 = '
\e$ {PINK}\u \ \e$ {DEFAULT}at \e$ {ORANGE}\h \ \e$ {DEFAULT}in \e$ {GREEN}\w\ $ ( hg_branch ) \e$ {GREEN}$( hg_dirty ) \ \e$ {DEFAULT}
$ '
These are some pretty simple changes but they help keep me sane .
One thing to be aware of : if you use all of these it does slow down the rendering of the prompt by a tiny , but noticeable , amount .
I 'm not the strongest bash scripter , so if there 's a better way to do this ( or a way that will make it faster and reduce the delay ) please let me know !
UPDATE : Matt Kemp posted a link to a git version of this below .
If you use git , check it out !
One thing that version has that I did n't think of is an indicator of whether the repository is dirty ( has uncommitted changes ) .
I 'm going to go ahead and steal that idea for my prompt too .
UPDATE : By request , I 've written an entry about the colors .
UPDATE : Kevin Bullock pointed out that the Python interpreter needed to be started a bunch of times which will degrade performance .
I 've changed up the " dirty " code a bit to reduce the number of interpreters needed .
It 's still not as efficient as his version , but I think it 's about as good as I 'm going to get if I want separate colors for the pieces and do n't want to rely on an external script .
FINAL UPDATE : I made an extension for Mercurial called hg - prompt that does everything much more elegantly .
Use that instead !
They may be advertised as speeding deterrents to city councils and safety tools to worried parents , but according to another school of thought , red - light cameras are all about making money .
It 's not clear whether the systems are always pitched as profit generators from day one or if the city government , confronted with a sudden jump in ticket revenue , makes its own decision to shorten yellow lights .
The correlations , however , are there .
There 's weak evidence that the red - light cameras reduce accidents at certain intersections ( though the severity of those accidents may actually rise ) , but there 's no doubt that they provide a major source of revenue at a time when cities are hurting for funds .
Mississippi is bucking this trend on a state level .
There are only a handful of cameras actually in use in that state — in the cities of Jackson and Columbus — but it 's better to deal with the problem now , before the red - light cameras become entrenched and cities begin relying on them for critical revenue .
Jackson and Columbus have until October 1 to uninstall the cameras , and Jackson is already uninstalling their system .
Other towns that were in various states of contract negotiations , including McComb , Natchez , Southaven , and Tupelo are apparently reexamining their installation contracts with the camera contractors given the new law .
The order to shut the cameras down is still controversial ; the Biloxi- Gulfport Sun Herald quotes Natchez Mayor Jake Middleton saying , " We were interested in them for safety .
The only person that 's going to get in trouble or get a ticket is the person who runs a red light . "
Unfortunately , Mr. Mayor , that 's not true .
We 've previously covered instances where teens pranked each other by speeding through a known red - light intersection with a printed copy of someone else 's license plate inserted over their own ( because nothing is funnier than a $ 200 fine , right ? ) .
There 's also anecdotal evidence that red - light cameras have been caught ticketing people for turning right on a red light when doing so was both legal and appropriate .
Even if the cameras themselves functioned with 100 percent accuracy and saw through all attempts to spoof a license plate , there are still issues surrounding their deployment , including city officials ' willingness to short - time yellow lights to catch more drivers , even though doing so actually reduces safety .
Red - light camera deployment could also raise some rather nasty ethical questions , depending on what , exactly , they are used for .
Last week we discussed Chicago 's evaluation of a red - light camera system that would fine drivers for not having insurance .
Red - light cameras may sound great on paper , but they 're an idea whose time may never come .
There 's no room in the system for manual inspection ( the automation is what keeps it cheap ) , the officials in charge of the program inevitably come under pressure to milk this marvelous cash cow they 've discovered , and the cameras are easily spoofed or sometimes just plain wrong .
FAA Releases Transcript From Hudson River Landing FAA releases tapes and transcript from Hudson River landing -- listen here .
Feb. 5 , 2009  --
The Federal Aviation Administration released audio recordings this morning that reveal the communications between air traffic control and US Airways flight 1549 just before it splashed down into the Hudson River Jan. 15 , 2009 .
Below is the transcript of that conversation beginning about two minutes after the flight departed from LaGuardia Airport .
Flight 1549 is referred to as " Cactus " in its communications with air traffic control .
To listen to the FAA 's audio recordings , click here .
3:27:32 New York TRACON : " Cactus 1549 , turn left heading 2 - 7 - 0 . "
3:27:36 Flight 1549 : " Ah , this , uh , Cactus 1539 .
Hit birds , we lost thrust in both engines .
We 're turning back towards LaGuardia . "
3:27:42 New York TRACON : " OK , yeah , you need to return to Laguardia .
Turn left heading of uh , 2 - 2 - 0 . "
3:27:46 Flight 1549 : 2-2-0 .
3:27:49 New York TRACON : " Tower , stop your departures .
We got an emergency returning . "
3:27:53 LaGuardia
" Who is it ? "
3:27:54 New York TRACON : " It 's 1529 , he ah , bird strike .
He lost all engines .
He lost the thrust in the engines .
He is returning immediately . "
3:27:59 LaGuardia : " Cactus 1529 , which engine ? "
3:28:01 New York TRACON : " He lost thrust in both engines , he said . "
3:28:03 LaGuardia : " Got it . "
3:28:05 New York TRACON : " Cactus 1529 , if we can get it to you , do you want to try to land runway 1 - 3 ? "
3:28:11 Flight 1549 : " We 're unable .
We may end up in the Hudson . "
3:28:17 New York TRACON : " Jet Link 2760 , turn left 0 - 7 - 0 . "
3:28:19 Jet Link 2760 : " Left turn , 0 - 7 - 0 Jet Link 2760 . "
3:28:31 New York TRACON : " All right cactus 1549 .
It 's going to be a left .
Traffic to runway 3 - 1 . "
3:28:34 Flight 1549 : " Unable . "
3:28:36 New York TRACON : " OK , what do you need to land ? "
3:28:46 New York TRACON : " Cactus 1549 , runway four is available if you want to make left traffic to runway four . "
3:28:50 Flight 1549 : " I am not sure if we can make any runway .
Oh , what 's that over to our right ?
Anything in New Jersey , maybe Teterboro ? "
3:28:55 New York TRACON : " OK yea , off to your right is Teterboro airport . "
3:29:02 New York TRACON : " Do you want to try and go to Teterboro ? "
3:29:03 Flight 1549 : " Yes . "
3:29:05 New York TRACON : " Teterboro , uh , empire actually .
LaGuardia departure got an emergency inbound .
3:29:10 Teterboro : " Okay , go ahead . "
3:29:11 New York TRACON : " Cactus 1529 , Over the George Washington Bridge want to go to the airport right now . "
3:29:14 Teterboro : " He wants to go to our airport check .
Does he need any assistance ? "
3:29:17 New York TRACON : " Ah , yes , he , ah , was a bird strike .
Can I get him in for runway one ? "
3:29:19 Teterboro : " Runway one , that 's good . "
3:29:21 New York TRACON : " Cactus 1529 , turn right 2 - 8 - 0 , you can land runway one at Teterboro . "
3:29:25 Flight 1549 : " We ca n't do it . "
3:29:26 New York TRACON : " OK , which runway would you like at Teterboro ? "
3:29:28 Flight 1549 : " We 're gonna be in the Hudson . "
3:29:33 New York TRACON : " I 'm sorry , say again , Cactus . "
3:29:41 New York TRACON : " Jetlink , 2760 , contact New York .
O - 2 - 6 point 8 .
3:29:45 Jet Link 2760 : " 20 - 6 - 8 Jet Link 2760 . "
3:29:51 New York TRACON : " Cactus , ah , Cactus 1549 , radar contact is lost .
You also got Newark airport off your two o'clock and about 7 miles . "
3:30:06 New York TRACON : Eagle flight 4718 , turn left heading 2 - 1- 0 .
3:30:09 Eagle Flight 4718 : " 2 - 1 - 0 , um , 4718 .
I do n't know , I think he said he was going in the Hudson . "
3:30:14 New York TRACON : " Cactus 1529 , uh , you still on ? "
3:30:22 New York TRACON : " Cactus 1529 , if you can , ah , you got , ah , runway 2 - 9 available at Newark off your two o'clock and 7 miles . "
3:30:32 New York TRACON : " Eagle flight 4718 , climb and maintain one two thousand . "
3:30:34 Eagle flight 4718 " OK , 1 - 2 thousand and , ah , leaving 5 and 280 heading . "
3:30:41 New York TRACON : " And Eagle flight 4718 , I " m sorry , I missed that , say again . "
3:30:45 Eagle Flight 4718 : " And uh , we 're up to 12,000 , uh , 280 on the heading . "
3:30:48 New York TRACON : " OK , thank you Eagle flight 4718 , Turn left .
2 -2-0 . "
3:30:51 Eagle Flight 4718 " 2 - 2-0 4718 . "
3:31:30 Unknown : " Was that cactus up by the Tappan Zee ? "
3:31:32 New York TRACON : " Uh , yeah , it was a cactus .
He was just north of the , ah , George Washington Bridge when they had the bird strike . "
By electrically stimulating the spinal cords of rodents , scientists have reversed some of the worst symptoms of Parkinson ’s disease .
As long as a mild current flows up their spines and into their brains , the animals regain the ability to scamper around their cages , as if they were normal .
The therapy , described in Friday ’s issue of the journal Science , is a potential alternative to direct stimulation , which requires risky and invasive surgery to implant electrodes deep in the brain , researchers said .
Only 30 percent of severely impaired Parkinson ’s patients qualify for the operation .
Spinal cord stimulation would be less invasive and inherently safer , and it would reduce the amount of drugs needed to treat the disease , said the report ’s lead author , Dr. Miguel A. L. Nicolelis , a neuroscientist at Duke .
Dr. Nicolelis added that the procedure was now being tested on monkeys , and “ if it succeeds , human clinical trials could begin in the next few years . ”
Javier Solana , foreign policy chief for the European Union , said in Brussels on Monday that the group would reconsider its relationship with Israel if it did not remain committed to establishing a Palestinian state .
Moreover , Mr. Netanyahu is expected to appoint Avigdor Lieberman , leader of the ultranationalist Yisrael Beiteinu party , as his foreign minister .
This alone has Israelis and their allies in Europe and the United States worried because of Mr. Lieberman ’s views of Israeli Arabs that some have called racist .
Mr. Lieberman had campaigned on the need for a loyalty oath in Israel so that those who did not support a Jewish democratic state would lose their citizenship .
One - fifth of Israeli citizens are Arabs , and many do not support defining the state as Jewish .
Mr. Lieberman also has few fans in Egypt , which has acted as an intermediary for Israel in several matters .
Some months ago Mr. Lieberman complained that President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt had not agreed to come to Israel .
“ If he does n’t want to , he can go to hell , ” he added .
“ Imagine that Hossein Mousavi wins the Iranian presidency this spring and he names Mohammad Khatami as his foreign minister , ” said Meir Javedanfar , an Iran analyst in Israel , referring to two Iranian leaders widely viewed as in the pragmatist camp .
“ With Lieberman as foreign minister here , Israel will have a much harder time demonstrating to the world that Iran is the destabilizing factor in the region . ”
Of course , all of this is being seen in the context of a new , Democratic administration in the United States that has announced a desire to press for a two - state solution .
Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton has already criticized Israeli plans to demolish Palestinian homes in East Jerusalem , and her department has criticized Israel ’s banning of certain goods from Gaza .
This represents a distinct shift in tone from the Bush era .
An internal Israeli Foreign Ministry report during the Gaza war noted that compared with others in the United States , “ liberals and Democrats show far less enthusiasm for Israel and its leadership . ”
A bombshell from NPR's Nina Totenberg :
Attorney General Eric Holder -- " horrified " by allegations of prosecutorial misconduct in the corruption conviction of former Sen .
Ted Stevens -- will instruct deputies to withdraw the indictment against the Alaska Republican today , effectively voiding the conviction that cost Stevens his job .
Holder is said to have decided late Tuesday to pull the plug .
Stevens lawyers are expected to be informed Wednesday morning that the department will dismiss the indictment against the former senator .
Holder 's decision is said to be based on Stevens age , he 's 84 ; and because Stevens is no longer in the Senate .
Perhaps most importantly , Justice Department officials say Holder wants to send a message to prosecutors throughout the department that actions he regards as misconduct will not be tolerated .
Holder began his career in the office of public integrity ; and according to sources , he was horrified by the failure of prosecutors to turnover all relevant materials to the defense .
The attorney general also knows the trial judge , Emmett Sullivan , well .
The two men served together as Superior Court judges before each was promoted to higher office .
Holder respects Sullivan and reportedly has watched with growing alarm as Sullivan repeatedly has scolded prosecutors for failing to follow his judicial orders to fully inform defense lawyers ...
Justice Department officials say they will withdraw their opposition to the defense motion for a new trial and will dismiss the indictment — in effect , voiding the Stevens conviction .
Tools such as YouTube and Facebook help build relationships , spread new information , and keep people entertained , but they are not tools people immediately think of when trying to improve cardiovascular health or achieve a healthy weight .
Social media , however , can be a great resource for improving one 's health .
It makes sense - an incredible amount of tools , information and support are available online .
Using social media for health does not require exercising while blogging , just smart techniques and dedication .
Here are a few suggestions for utilizing social media for healthier living :
Step 1 .
Use social media to stick to goals
When talking about healthy living , the toughest part is always consistency .
It 's difficult to get in the gym every week or to avoid plates of fries .
Use social media to stick to a goal and , if possible , to announce it to friends .
Write a blog post , send out tweets , or make a Facebook group about a health goal , whether it be lowering blood pressure or building new muscle .
This is not only a good way to be reminded of the goal , but also a way for people to provide feedback , support , and encouragement .
Using Google Calendar , RememberTheMilk , or another reminder service will also help reinforce the goal .
Step 2 . Research healthy habits and techniques
This is probably the most overlooked aspect of healthy living .
Many people assume that lots of running , lifting , and salad eating will bring the body into shape , but bad techniques and misconceptions can derail any health campaign .
Once a goal is set , research what it will take to really achieve it .
Researching proper techniques is also essential to avoiding injury .
For example , YouTube brings a visual component to understanding proper exercise techniques and has thousands of clips from health experts .
Videos exist for everything from the proper deadlift technique to nutrition tips for weight loss .
YouTube is just one of many social information networks that houses this type of information .
Finally , when researching with blogs , videos , and social networks , be sure to look up multiple sources .
No one source of information is ever perfect , so reduce the risk of bad information .
Step 3 . Utilize social groups for support
Support groups are used by many for a reason - they work .
The sharing of experiences and struggles can help when motivation is lacking .
Nobody has to get healthy on his or her own , especially when so many others have the same goals .
Connect with friends using a Google Group or find new friends on a health social network such as Gyminee , Gimme20 , or Twit2 Fit to compare and discuss results .
Step 4 .
Track progress
Keep up - to - date numbers to understand the progress that has been made and what remains to be done .
Social networking applications such as Virtual Weight Loss , health networks like FitDay , and iPhone apps like My Weight Loss Coach are great ways to track progress .
For an even simpler tracking method , use Twitter updates with a hashtag ( i.e. # weightloss and # twit2 fit ) .
It is another way to garner support while keeping a daily or weekly report of progress .
Step 5 .
Help others achieve better health
After doing all of that research and putting in so much hard work for a healthier life , it 's almost criminal not to share that insight with others .
Social media is the perfect platform for sharing tips about what exercises or routines made an impact .
Some ideas :
Share useful articles :
Share any good advice or articles on social networks such as FriendFeed or services such as Google Reader .
Record motivational videos : Physically show a before and after so others can see it 's possible .
Blog every step of the way :
This can be an inspiration to those who may be starting out and need a confidence boost .
Healthy living can be a shared experience
Social media is about connections and information , while healthy living is about consistency and knowledge .
Combined , social media can bring a lot of useful information and support to people looking to turn their lives around or for those who just want to be a little more conscious about what they eat .
Social media is great for health because it provides many innovative ways to stay motivated and well - informed .
More health resources from Mashable :
Image courtesy of iStockphoto , pixelbrat
Americans have always been fascinated , perplexed .
Intoxicated , and overwhelmed by India .
American tourists throng India every year to discover her magical beauty and revel in her diversity .
There are many attractive tourist packages offered for the benefit of American tourists .
The golden triangle is the classic route covering the vibrant cities of Delhi , Agra , and Jaipur
is the classic route covering the vibrant cities of Delhi , Agra , and Jaipur Islamic architecture tour starting with the mosques and minarets of Delhi , followed by the marble splendor of Agra , and the captivating forts of Rajasthan .
tour starting with the mosques and minarets of Delhi , followed by the marble splendor of Agra , and the captivating forts of Rajasthan .
Waterways and beaches package with Mumbai ’s Chowpatty beach , the many pristine beaches of Goa , Kovalam ’s black sand beach , and the sinuous backwaters of Kerala with their houseboats .
package with Mumbai ’s Chowpatty beach , the many pristine beaches of Goa , Kovalam ’s black sand beach , and the sinuous backwaters of Kerala with their houseboats .
Wildlife safaris in the national parks of Rajasthan , Assam , Gujarat , and Madhya Pradesh .
in the national parks of Rajasthan , Assam , Gujarat , and Madhya Pradesh .
Spiritual India tour to the prominent temples across the length and breadth of the country .s
Hope you found this article informative !
Do check out “ The Possibility of Navigating The Golden Triangle In One Visit ”
The Meat Ship
Contributed by :
Arrrr me harteys .
Thar be a meatship ahead in the oven ....
Floating high on the 17,000 calorie seas , made with Bacon , sausages , pastry , mince , it 's all meat , and it 's coming to rape and pillage your arteries !
Har har !
From : http://forums.somethingawful.com/showthread.php?threadid=2753887
After making the Meat House we decided it was time to create something else , out of meat .
Welcome to the Meat Ship :
[ CONTINUED ]
Having fixed a few things around the house with tape , it was only fitting that we show its dark side — sent in by reader Maxine .
In this case , the computer might run better , if at all , without the case .
Having fixed a few things around the house with tape , it was only fitting that we show its dark side — sent in by reader Maxine .
In this case , the computer might run better , if at all , without the case .
G.M. wants to increase its stake in the company by buying at least part of the nearly 16 percent held by the municipal government of Liuzhou , the city in southernmost China where Wuling is based , Nick Reilly , the president of G.M. ’s Asian and Pacific operations , said in an interview on Monday afternoon .
Mr. Reilly said he wanted the Wuling venture to start exporting , although probably not to the United States .
Mr. Reilly ’s remarks represent the first time a G.M. executive has publicly voiced an interest in an overseas acquisition since the company ran into severe financial difficulties last year and had to seek billions of dollars in help from the United States government .
While an automaker is being kept in business by federal loans , any of its acquisitions in China could prove controversial in Washington .
Beyond stressing fuel efficiency , the Chinese government is emphasizing alternative - fuel vehicles , particularly electric cars with rechargeable batteries .
Senior Beijing officials want the country to become a leader in such technology , and Western auto executives give China a strong chance of success .
“ There ’s no question that the government and the companies here are spending huge amounts in this area , so there ’s no doubt they are going to be important players , ” Mr. Reilly said .
“ If you look at where batteries are making the fastest progress , it ’s China , it ’s Korea , it ’s where the government is heavily behind it . ”
Andy Palmer , Nissan ’s senior vice president for vehicle planning , said that Nissan started an electric car experiment this month in Wuhan , China , mainly because China wanted it .
“ We did n’t approach them , they approached us , ” Mr. Palmer said .
Automakers have long built vehicles to suit American preferences and then marketed the same models around the world after recouping the development costs in the United States market .
Manufacturers sharply increased their development and production of sport utility vehicles and minivans in the 1980s , for example , in large part because those vehicles were subject to less stringent fuel economy regulations in the United States ; the automakers then marketed the same models around the globe .
In addition to better fuel economy , the rapidly rising importance of the Chinese market will probably result in much more comfortable rear seats in cars around the world .
That is because even the owners of compact cars in China frequently hire full - time chauffeurs , who cost as little as $ 440 a month and allow the owner to read or make phone calls in the back seat while in traffic jams .
PHOENIX --
This week , an Arizona gun shop goes on trial in state court in what law - enforcement officials are calling a landmark case against gun dealers who sell weapons that end up in the hands of Mexican drug cartels , fueling horrific violence south of the border that killed more than 6,000 people last year .
X - Caliber Guns LLC , is ...
Do you hear me , I 'm talking to you Across the water across the deep blue oceanUnder the open sky , oh my , baby I 'm trying Boy I hear you in my dreamsI feel your whisper across the seaI keep you with me in my heart
You make it easier when life gets hardI 'm lucky I 'm in love with my best friendLucky to have been where I have beenLucky to be coming home againOoohh ooooh oooh oooh ooh ooh ooh oohThey do n't know how long it takesWaiting for a love like this Every time we say goodby eI wish we had one more kissI 'll wait for you I promise you , I willI 'm lucky I 'm in love with my best friendLucky to have been where I have beenLucky to be coming home againLucky we 're in love every wayLucky to have stayed where we have stayedLucky to be coming home somedayAnd so I 'm sailing through the seaTo an island where we 'll meet You 'll hear the music fill the airI 'll put a flower in your hair Though the breezes through treesMove so pretty you 're all I seeAs the world keeps spinning round
You hold me right here right nowI 'm lucky I 'm in love with my best friendLucky to have been where I have beenLucky to be coming home againI 'm lucky we 're in love every wayLucky to have stayed where we have stayedLucky to be coming home somedayOoohh ooooh oooh oooh ooh ooh ooh oohOoooh ooooh oooh oooh ooh ooh ooh ooh
( For more stories on the planned launch click [ ID : nSP469853 ] )
* Paper says North Korea may also launch mid-range missile
* Broadcaster says Japan deploys units to shoot down rocket
TOKYO , March 29 ( Reuters ) - North Korea is preparing to launch a close - to mid-range ballistic missile separately from the long - range rocket that Pyongyang has said it will launch next month , the Sankei Japanese daily newspaper reported on Sunday .
The report comes as Pyongyang is poised to launch a communications satellite between April 4 - 8 that regional powers believe will actually be a test of a long - range missile , the Taepodong - 2 , which is already believed to be on its launch pad .
North Korea has given international agencies notice that the rocket 's planned trajectory should take it over Japan , dropping booster stages to its east and west .
Any attempt to shoot the rocket itself down would be an act of war , it has said .
The reclusive state may fire the short - to mid-range missile shortly after the long - range missile is launched , Sankei said , quoting unidentified Japanese government sources .
Japanese public broadcaster NHK reported on Sunday that Japan 's Air Self - Defense Force had started to deploy units capable of shooting down a rocket to the northern prefectures of Akita and Iwate .
Units carrying Patriot Advanced Capability - 3 missiles left a base in central Japan early on Sunday and expected to arrive at the northern prefectures on Monday , NHK said .
A spokesman for Japan 's Ministry of Defense said he was not immediately able to comment on the reports .
Japan deployed two ballistic missile destroyers to the Sea of Japan on Saturday to intercept any dangerous debris in the event that the controversial missile launch planned by North Korea goes wrong .
( Reporting by Yuzo Saeki ; Editing by Paul Tait )
YouTube , that incandescent tower of video Babel ; monument to the sloughed - off detritus of our exponentially - exploding digital culture ; a Technicolor cataract of skateboarding dogs , lip - synching college students , political punditry , and porn ; has reached the zenith of its meteoric rise ; and Icarus - like , wings melting ; is spiraling back to earth .
Despite massive growth , ubiquitous global brand awareness , presidential endorsement , and the world ’s greatest repository of illegally - pirated video content , Google ’s massive video folly is on life - support , and the prognosis is grave .
Believers would have us think that Google ( GOOG ) will sustain YouTube , indefinitely if necessary .
Proponents of online advertising argue that increased understanding of the medium will lead to more advertising dollars at better CPMs , lifting all boats in a sea of monetization .
In the short term , however , neither celebrity presidents , a rabidly growing customer base , nor a brand which has in three short years injected itself into the global cultural lexicon can forestall the inevitable :
YouTube is soaring towards the future like a pigeon towards a plate glass window .
The problem lies with the bean - counters .
According to a report by Credit Suisse , YouTube is on track to lose roughly $ 470 million in 2009 .
No matter Google ’s $ 116 billion market cap : a half - billion dollar loss on a single property , even one as large as YouTube , is a bitter pill to swallow .
Even Eric Schmidt , talking to the New York Times about the YouTube acquisition , was quick to say that , going forward , Google would “ be more careful with potential large expense streams , which are of uncertain return . ”
Credit Suisse estimates
YouTube will manage to rake in about $ 240 million in ad revenue in 2009 , against operating costs of roughly $ 711 million , leading to a shortfall of just over $ 470 million .
This half - billion dollar loss comes after more than a year of feverish experimentation in various forms of advertising , cross- product embedding , licensing and partnership deals .
YouTube is adamant that ultimately they ’ll find an advertising solution that will enable the ungainly behemoth to reach profitability .
Looking at the math , it does n’t seem likely .
The economics are hard to overcome .
Assuming YouTube delivers the 75 billion streams that Credit Suisse projects for 2009 , and assuming YouTube manages to slot an ad for every stream ( which is practically speaking , impossible , given the nature of much of their content ) , YouTube would have to achieve a $ 9.48 CPM for every video impression shown .
Presumably , the videos YouTube is already monetizing represent the best content available , with diminishing returns as they reach deeper and deeper into a repository rife with copyright violation , the indecent , the uninteresting , and the unwatchable .
Hulu claims to be charging a $ 30 CPM , of which roughly 70 % goes to the copyright holder .
Averages for other proprietary content hover around the $ 10 CPM mark .
CPMs for user - generated content , assuming you can attract the advertisers , tend to be measured in fractions of a dollar .
So what does this mean ?
It seems safe to assume that YouTube ’s traffic will continue to grow , with no clear ceiling in sight .
Since the majority of Google ’s costs for the service are pure variable costs of bandwidth and storage , and since they ’ve already reached the point at which no greater economies of scale remain , the costs of the business will continue to grow on a linear basis .
Unfortunately , far more user - generated content than professional content makes its way onto the site , which means that while costs grow linearly , non-monetizable content is growing geometrically as compared against the monetizable content that YouTube really wants and needs to survive .
This means less and less of YouTube ’s library will be revenue - contributing , while the costs of delivering that library will continue to grow .
With the ongoing hammering of ad CPMs and unstoppable growth in the site ’s popularity , Google is going to bleed substantial cash on this experiment for the foreseeable future .
With costs of operation at half a billion dollars and growing , YouTube ’s future is very much in doubt .
What are Google ’s options ?
They seem unlikely to sustain a billion - dollar annual experiment with no path to revenue , no matter how much they paid for the original asset .
In an organization feeling the sting of layoffs , is this really where Google wants to spend its money ?
It all depends .
Google could take a lesson from its neighbor , Hulu , and focus only on proprietary content with existing consumer loyalty and real monetization prospects .
With its massive audience , this is a viable option , and a direction in which YouTube has already taken some baby steps .
Axing user - generated content would seem to be anathema given the site ’s roots , but it may be the surest way of putting the business into the black .
Alternatively , YouTube could implement a subscription structure for the site , either monetizing certain members - only content , or requiring users to create a paid account in order to contribute content .
With so many marketers looking at YouTube as part of their viral strategy , this too could be a viable option .
One thing is clear : YouTube cannot maintain its current course and remain a going concern .
Google can continue to fund the experiment for a period of time , but at some juncture , shareholders will ask hard questions about why Google is sacrificing half a billion dollars to support a project whose chances of providing a return , at any point , is dubious at best .
Advertising cannot solve the problem , at least not in its current form , and not in the near term .
With a diminishing field of options , a massive , growing , cost center , and an economy in recession , Google will need to make some hard decisions about the future viability and business model of its prodigal child .
Benjamin Wayne is CEO of Fliqz
By Victoria Buch
Occupation Magazine
I arrived in Israel 40 years ago .
It took me many years to understand that the very existence of my country , as it is today , is based on an ongoing ethnic cleansing of Palestinians .
The project started many years ago .
Its seed can be traced to the basic fallacy of the Zionist movement , which set out to establish a Jewish - national state in a location already inhabited by another nation .
Under these conditions , one has , at most , a moral right to strive for a bi-national state ; establishing a national state implies , more or less by definition , ethnic cleansing of the previous inhabitants .
Albert Einstein grasped this fallacy a long time ago .
A short time after WWI `Einstein complained that the Zionists were not doing enough to reach agreement with the Palestinian Arabs … He favored a binational solution in Palestine and warned Chaim Weizmann against ` Prussian style` nationalism . ` [ 1 ]
But such warnings passed un -heeded by the Zionist movement .
So here we are , nearly a century later , with a Jewish national state dominated by militaristic and militant nationalists , who diligently pursue colonization and `judaization` of the land under Israeli control , on both sides of the Green Line ( 1967 border ) .
The project has been pursued continuously and relentlessly under the different Israeli governments , recently under the cover of bogus `negotiations` with President Abbas .
Most of the Israeli institutions participate in it .
Young Israelis , generation after generation , join the army to provide the military cover .
The young folks have been brain - washed to honestly believe that the army pursues Israel`s `fight for existence` .
However it seems evident to the author of this article , as to many others , that the survival of the Jewish community in this country depends on establishing viable mechanisms of coexistence with the Palestinians .
Thus , under the slogan of `fight for existence` , the State of Israel is pursuing an essentially suicidal project .
This long - standing outlook of the Israeli governing classes was summarized succinctly in a recent book ` Palestine Inside Out` by Saree Makdisi , an American academic .
His book `suggests that occupation is merely a feature of an ongoing Israeli policy of slow transfer of the native Palestinian population from their lands .
This policy predates the founding of the state , and all of the various practices of the occupier : illegal settlement , land confiscation , home demolition and so on , serve this ultimate purpose . `[ 2 ]
If you do not believe the above assessment , consider several statements by David Ben Gurion himself , from the time before the establishment of the State of Israel ( Ben Gurion was the leader of the Zionist movement before 1948 and the first Israeli Prime Minister after 1948 ) :
` The compulsory transfer of the [ Palestinian ]
Arabs from the valleys of the proposed Jewish state could give us something which we never had , even when we stood on our own during the days of the first and second Temples …
We are given an opportunity which we never dared to dream of in our wildest imaginings .
This is more than a state , government and sovereignty , this is national consolidation in a free homeland . ` [ 3 ]
` With compulsory transfer we [ would ] have a vast area [ for settlement ] … I support compulsory transfer .
I don`t see anything immoral in it . `[ 3 ]
During the 1948 war , about two - thirds of the Palestinians who would become refugees were in fact expelled from their homes by the nascent Israeli army , and one - third became refugees while escaping the dangers of war .
All these people , 0.75 - 1 million of them , were prevented from returning to Israel after the armistice agreement , while their homes and property were demolished or appropriated by the State of Israel .
Among the common mantras provided to the Israelis to justify the above is the following : ` Israel accepted the UN partition plan , and Arabs did not , so what happened afterwards is their own fault` .
What is conveniently overlooked is that Palestinian Arabs constituted between one third and one half of the population of that designated Jewish homeland ( according to various UN reports ) .
Why should these people , whose ancestors lived there for generations , accept living in somebody else`s designated homeland ?
Imagine , for example , the reaction of French Belgians if their country were designated as a ` Flemish homeland` by the UN .
But the main mantra drummed into the conscience of an Israeli citizen from kindergarten , is that in 1948 `it was either them or us` , `Arabs would have thrown us into the sea if we did not establish a Jewish majority state with a strong army` , etc .
I have my doubts about that line , too , but let us suppose for the moment that in fact , it was so .
And then came the year 1967 , and the Six Day War .
Another chapter in the Israeli `fight for existence` against recalcitrant Arabs who just keep trying to throw us into the sea .
On the face of it , that is how it seemed .
I together with most of my compatriots believed for years that 1967 was in fact a moment of existential danger for Israel .
Until I stumbled upon some telling quotes , uttered by our very own leaders [ 4 ] :
` (a ) The New York Times quoted Prime Minister Menachem Begin`s ( 1977 – 83 ) August , 1982 speech saying : ` In June , 1967 , we had a choice .
The Egyptian Army concentrations in the Sinai approaches do not prove that ( President Gamal Abdel ) Nasser ( 1956 – 70 ) was really about to attack us .
We must be honest with ourselves .
We decided to attack him . `
( b) Two - time Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin ( 1974 – 77 and 1992 – 95 ) told French newspaper Le Monde in February , 1968 : ` I do not believe Nasser wanted war .
The two divisions which he sent into Sinai on May 14 would not have been enough to unleash an offensive against Israel .
He knew it and we knew it .
`
( c) General Mordechai Hod , Commander of the Israeli Air Force during the Six - Day War said in 1978 : ` Sixteen years of planning had gone into those initial eighty minutes .
We lived with the plan , we slept on the plan , we ate the plan .
Constantly we perfected it .`
(d) General Haim Barlev , Israeli Defense Forces ( IDF ) Chief told Ma`ariv in April 1972 : ` We were not threatened with genocide on the eve of the six - day war , and we had never thought of such a possibility . “
So : instead of `thwarting an existential danger` , in 1967 the State of Israel carried out an effective military operation to acquire some real estate .
There is nothing new about that `existential danger` propaganda .
Acquisition of real estate by conquest has been already called pleasing names by various other conquerors and occupiers , throughout the old and new history : such as `manifest destiny` , `white man`s burden` , `spreading true religion / culture / democracy` , whatnot .
The reader may like to know that the 1967 real estate acquisition by the State of Israel was anticipated some twenty years earlier by Ben-Gurion , at the time of the partition plan ( which was supposedly accepted by the Zionist leadership ) .
See the following quotes of Ben- Gurion , which can be found in the book by an Israeli historian [ 5 ] :
` Just as I do not see the proposed Jewish state as a final solution to the problems of the Jewish people , so I do not see partition as the final solution of the Palestine question .
Those who reject partition are right in their claim that this country cannot be partitioned because it constitutes one unit , not only from a historical point of view but also from that of nature and economy` .
` After the formation of a large army in the wake of the establishment of the [ Jewish ] state , we shall abolish partition and expand to the whole of the Palestine` .
I wonder if at any point in history there was any association of people who acquired goodies by brute force , and who viewed themselves candidly as such .
Times and again , conquerors considered themselves unwilling victims of circumstances , and the barbarians ( their own victims ! ) against whom they have to regretfully protect their rights .
Consider the following pronouncements of Benny Morris , a historian who documented the 1948 ethnic cleansing .
In a 2004 interview with Morris which was published in Haaretz one reads [ 6 ] :
Q : The title of the book you are now publishing in Hebrew is ` Victims . `
In the end , then , your argument is that of the two victims of this conflict , we [ Israelis ] are the bigger one .
Morris : ` Yes. Exactly .
We are the greater victims in the course of history and we are also the greater potential victim .
Even though we are oppressing the Palestinians , we are the weaker side here .
We are a small minority in a large sea of hostile Arabs who want to eliminate us .
`
The above opinion is representative of the Israeli mainstream .
It has been raised to the status of axiom over the years , and no reasonable peace offers ( such as the latest Saudi one ) are likely to put a dent in it .
Israelis are using this slogan to exempt themselves from normal human decency towards Palestinians .
Most Israeli Jews have convinced themselves that they have a moral right to expropriate and expel Palestinians because Palestinians are such barbarians , who did not respond to Israel`s`generous peace offers` and `only wanted to throw us to the sea` .
Because we are a nation of Holocaust survivors .
My compatriots imagined themselves starring in a modern version of Tolkien`s ` Lord of the Rings` – starring as beautiful elves , of course , who were forced by sad fate to fight ugly goblins the Palestinians ( goblins = `terrorists` ) .
Human mercy does not apply to `terrorists` .
You do not make territorial compromises or peace agreements with `terrorists` .
The above explains the mass participation of otherwise normal and more - or - less decent Israelis in the ongoing ethnic - cleansing projects .
How else can you account for a dying elderly man and his wife being dragged out of their east Jerusalem apartment to make space for Jewish settlers .
Building the Jerusalem `Museum of Tolerance` on the site of an ancient Muslim graveyard .
Onslaught on West Bank orphanages supported by Islamic charities .
State - subsidized Jewish settler - thugs conducting pogroms against Palestinians in Hebron and elsewhere in the Occupied Territories .
Widespread sadism practiced by Israeli soldiers against Palestinian detainees .
Trashing of Palestinian homes during nightly military incursions in Palestinian towns and villages .
Demolitions of Palestinian homes in the West Bank and East Jerusalem under the brazen pretext of `illegal construction` .
Extensive land grab for settlers .
And much more . [ 7 ]
The Gaza Strip is the place where the self - righteous Israeli sadism has reached new heights .
The Strip is densely populated , mostly by descendants of Palestinians expelled in 1948 .
Well before the Second Intifada , choice Gazan real estate along the beach ( about ¼ of the Strip land ) was confiscated for a few thousand Jewish settlers .
Still , a million and a half Gazan Palestinians had a sort of normal life ( under the Israeli occupation ) – growing fruits and vegetables , making construction materials and other products for Israeli markets , and working as laborers within the Green Line .
Before the second Intifada , very little terror was coming from there to Israel .
However , since the beginning of the Intifada ( a year and a half before the first Palestinian rocket landing across the border ) the Israeli army embarked on the systematic destruction of the Strip .
Incursions were carried out every few weeks and included the destruction of factories and workshops , roads , agricultural land , homes , and whatnot .
Access to the Israeli economy was closed .
Eventually , desperate Palestinians resorted to shooting Qassam rockets which rarely caused casualties or real damage but served as an excellent pretext for Israeli military `action` .
And then Sharon carried out his brilliant propaganda move of `disengagement` from Gaza .
The whole operation was marketed as a demonstration of Israeli good will .
The Israeli settlements in Gaza were in fact removed , but the army was redeployed around the Strip , and the Strip was converted to a large scale prison .
The economic strangulation of Gaza was tightened to a draconian extent , especially after the Hamas government suppressed the Israel - cum - USA sponsored Fatah putsch .
( I am no fan of Hamas but their government was democratically elected by the Palestinians )
Hamas offered several times to conduct negotiations with Israel , based on 1967 borders , but the offers were under - reported and ignored .
It is likely that such negotiations would have stopped the Qassams , but Israeli leaders appeared interested in continuation of the violence .
The Qassams created a great opportunity for more `poor little us` propaganda , and a great pretext to wiggle out of legitimate international requests to stop the massive colonization of the West Bank .
Finally , a truce with Hamas was negotiated .
Since the beginning of the truce defense minister Barak commenced preparations for a massive attack on Gaza [ 8 ] .
On November 4th the working truce with Hamas was deliberately broken on Barak`s orders , by killing several Hamas fighters .
A totally predictable Palestinian response ensued – cancellation of the truce and a barrage of rockets .
The barrage was used by Barak as a pretext for that large - scale operation , including the slaughter of hundreds of people in Gaza with missiles deployed from airplanes .
This muscle - flexing is an obvious part of Barak`s and Livni`s forthcoming election campaign , at the price of hundreds of Palestinian casualties , and several Israeli ones ( as meanwhile Palestinians have improved their aim ) .
In the ongoing ground operation some Israeli soldiers are likely to pay with their lives for this form of electioneering .
Do you know what mainstream Israelis make of the above ?
` We , Israelis , in an act of self - sacrifice , removed poor Jewish settlers from their `homes` in the Gaza Strip and gave Palestinians a chance for free and happy existence .
But the Palestinians spurned our peace efforts and preferred instead to pursue their addiction to `throwing Jews to the sea . `
Gaza could have become a new Singapore , but the Gazans chose instead to shoot rockets at Israelis .
`
The disengagement was thus an act of brilliance on part of that evil genius , Sharon .
He provided mainstream Israelis with a sweeping moral absolution .
Palestinians `disappointed` them .
Now the Israeli leaders can do anything they wish to Palestinians .
Do not expect a squeak of public protest from the Israeli Jewish public , except for a tiny minority of `self hating Jews` like yours truly .
Believe me , these Jewish - Israeli mainstreamers are not natural - born monsters .
They just do not know any better .
Alas , I used to be one of them .
Then one day I stumbled , more or less by chance , into the West Bank with a group of activists .
I acquired some Palestinian friends and finally understood the criminality of the treatment of the Palestinians by my country .
And I learned to ignore the daily portion of preposterous propaganda which is provided to my compatriots by the media in lieu of `news` .
But how to convince my compatriots not to listen to this propaganda ?
I do not know .
Then again , it does not have to be so .
In addition to four million or so stateless Palestinians living in the Occupied Territories , there are about a million Palestinians living within the Green Line and carrying Israeli citizenship .
Despite the very considerable internal racism , many of these Palestinian citizens are deeply involved in Israeli society .
You meet Arab doctors and nurses in Israeli hospitals , Arab students in Israeli universities etc .
There is quite an element of coexistence and cooperation between Jews and Arabs there .
But a mainstream Jewish - Israeli colleague who might treat his or her Arab co-worker perfectly decently would still be proud of a soldier son who is `serving the country` in the Occupied Territories .
He or she would still repeat racist propaganda about the `demographic danger` to the State of Israel from its Arab citizens , and believe the bloodthirsty speeches of generals and ex-generals on the TV .
And vote for any of the three major Zionist parties , Likud , Kadima and Labour , whose leaders have been dedicated ethnic cleansers over the years .
For the sake of both nations living in this country , this outrage must be stopped .
It must be stopped by pressure from outside , because at present within Israel there are no significant political forces to oppose it .
Please do something , my friends , and do it urgently .
And kindly ignore the endless `negotiations` between our government and the powerless Palestinian Authority , they are just a cover for more ethnic cleansing .
If you do not believe me , come and see the massive settlement construction in East Jerusalem and West Bank .
And the walls of the Palestinian ghettos .
The author is an Israeli anti-occupation activist , her email is vvbb54@yahoo.com .
[ 1 ] From ` The Pity of It All` , a book by Amos Elon on German Jews .
[ 2 ]
From a review of Makdisi`s book : ` Palestine Inside Out` , by Lena Khalaf Tuffaha , IMEU 2008 .
[ 3 ] From ` Righteous Victims` by Benny Morris
[ 4 ] Collected by Stephen Lendman , see http://www.zmag.org/znet/viewArticle/15348)
[ 5 ] From The Birth of Israel : Myths and Realities , by Simha Flapan
[ 6 ]
The full text of the interview can be found in the Counterpunch website
[ 7 ]
* Information can be found , e.g. , in the Occupation Magazine , the website of Israeli anti-Occupation activists .
[ 8 ] ` Disinformation , secrecy and lies :
How the Gaza offensive came about` By Barak Ravid , Haaretz
DAN TUOHY AND MARK HAYWARD
New Hampshire Union Leader
April 3 , 2009
MANCHESTER – All Michael Yannetti wanted to do Monday was to protest the notion of Washington bailouts and $ 3.6 trillion in federal spending .
So he did what thousands did across the country this week : mailed tea to their congressional representatives in protest .
[ efoods ]
Yesterday , police showed up at his door .
The green tea he had mailed to the Manchester office of Rep. Carol Shea - Porter prompted the evacuation of her office yesterday .
Police and firefighters were at the downtown location for about 1 1/2 hours , securing the scene and conducting field tests for possible hazardous substances or volatile compounds .
“ Really , I did n’t think it was a big deal , ” said Yannetti , a dentist who lives in Pelham .
“ As far as I know , this was a mainstream thing . ”
Fox News has reported about the tea protests for weeks , he said .
And Yannetti received an e-mail that designated Wednesday as the day to send tea to your congressman , he said .
He put the tea in an envelope with his name and return address and wrote “ tea protest ” on the outside , he said .
Read entire article
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
As goods pile up unsold , demand weakens and expectations of lean months ahead cause businesses to cut production , the downward spiral is prompting nervous comparisons with Japan ’s so - called lost decade of the 1990s .
Then , as now , a collapse in real estate prices left banks in tatters .
Even as Japan ’s central bank dropped interest rates to zero in a bid to spur growth , it had little effect because companies and households were too fearful to borrow .
These days , the Fed ’s target for interest rates is near zero , yet even healthy American companies are hunkered down .
Even wealthy households are cutting back .
Image John B. Satterberg , of Community Financial Corporation , a Portland - area lender , offers 30 - year fixed rates of less than 4 percent .
Credit ... Leah Nash for The New York Times
The $ 787 billion stimulus spending bill signed by President Obama last month is expected to generate fresh demand for goods and services .
If the financial system plan is successful at removing the detritus of the real estate bust from bank balance sheets , this , too , could substantially alleviate the crisis .
But the ultimate question is whether these measures can crystallize confidence in the future , so businesses and ordinary people resume transacting , generating fresh opportunities throughout the economy .
“ You could fix all the problems in the financial system and we ’d still spiral down because of the problem of expectations , ” said Joe Cortright , an economist at a Portland - based consulting group , Impresa Inc .
Portland , a metropolitan area of 2.2 million people , affords an ideal window onto the spiral of fear and diminished expectations assailing the economy .
The area has long attracted investment and talented minds with its curbs on urban sprawl , thriving culinary scene and life in proximity to the Pacific Coast and the snow - capped peaks of the Cascades .
In good times , Portland tends to grow vigorously , elevated by companies like the computer chip maker Intel  which employs 15,000 people in the area  and the athletic clothing giant Nike .
But in recent months , Portland has devolved into a symbol of much that is wrong .
Housing prices have fallen more than 14 percent since May 2007 , according to the S.& P. / Case - Shiller index .
Foreclosures more than tripled last year , according to RealtyTrac .
The unemployment rate for the metro area surged from 4.8 percent at the end of 2007 to 9.8 percent in January 2009 , according to the Labor Department .
With a major deepwater port on the Columbia River , Portland has benefited from the growth of global trade , gaining jobs for stevedores , truckers and warehouse workers .
But as the global recession tightens , Portland ’s docks are a snapshot of diminishing fortunes .
Wikipedia faces a revolt among thousands of its contributors over proposals to change the way the online encyclopedia is run .
Until now , Wikipedia has allowed anybody to make instant changes to almost all of its 2.7 m entries , with only a handful of entries protected from being altered .
But under proposals put forward by the website 's co-founder Jimmy Wales , many future changes to the site would need to be approved by a group of editors before going live .
Wales argues the scheme will bring greater accuracy , particularly in articles referring to living people .
But the possibility has caused a furore among Wikipedia users , since many see it as a fundamental change to the egalitarian nature of the site .
A user poll on the website suggests 60 % are in favour of trials , which could take place within the next few weeks .
But some think the split could ultimately threaten the future of the site .
" The big issue is that while we have majority support , we do n't have consensus , and that 's the way we have always made our decisions , " said Jake Wartenberg .
" A lot of editors are becoming disenchanted with the project ; we are losing them all the time . "
Such changes have been considered before , but were brought into focus last week when Wikipedia falsely announced that two prominent US politicians had died .
On the day of Barack Obama 's inauguration , the site reported the deaths of West Virginia 's Robert Byrd - the longest - serving senator in American history - and Ted Kennedy , who has been diagnosed with a brain tumour and collapsed during the inaugural lunch .
Both reports were false , and Wikipedia quickly changed the site back to reflect the truth , but the situation drove Wales to push strongly for change .
" This nonsense would have been 100 % prevented by flagged revisions , " he wrote on the site .
" This was a breaking news story and we want people to be able to participate [ but ] we have a tool available now that is consistent with higher quality . "
The technical system that allows Wikipedia to run in this way was released last summer and has already been put into place on the German version of the website .
But German editors have decided that changes will not be approved for around three weeks - a timescale which Wales suggests would be " unacceptable " for the English - language site .
It would not be the first major change in the way the site , ranked as the world 's seventh largest by traffic analysis tool Alexa , operates .
In 2005 , Wikipedia said it was going to prevent anonymous users from creating entries as a way of stopping cyber - bullying and vandalism .
That change was also spurred by a political controversy , in which prominent journalist and Democratic party aide John Siegenthaler discovered that an anonymous user had written a biography of him which alleged that he was involved in the assassinations of John and Robert Kennedy in the 1960s .
Wikipedia has also locked down a number of controversial articles in order to prevent long - running " edit wars " .
If the site grants new powers to editors , it would bring Wikipedia even closer to traditional encyclopedia websites such as Britannica , which last week announced that it would be launching a new online version that would allow readers to submit their own updates to entries .
That change came after a bitter war of words , following a 2005 study by science journal Nature that found Wikipedia and Britannica were often comparable for accuracy - and in some cases , Wikipedia won .
Four survivors , thrown together by circumstance when the world dissolves into the chaos of the inevitable zombie apocalypse .
While their friends , family and neighbors are turned into vicious , crazed zombies these four people , with nothing in common besides the will to survive , must work together to make it to safety .
If they can ’t , none of them has a chance .
Not only is Left 4
Dead a great video game , it ’s a triumph of visual storytelling .
Apart from a skippable intro movie and a separate post - campaign escape scene for each of the four campaigns , there are no cutscenes or non-interactive movies anywhere in the game .
The entire story is told within the game world .
This is done through messages spraypainted on walls , the scenes of carnage , the gameplay itself and , most impressively and importantly , through the characters .
The messages left everywhere are the tiny , impressive details of an epic horror story .
These range from official quarantine orders and safety procedure signs to scrawledÂ messages for loved ones left behind , to flaky advice and philosophy .
Whether you take the time to read it all or not ( I did ) , its simple presence adds a lot of depth to the back story of the game , and consequently helps the immersion factor considerably .
Along side the written messages , the simple fact of the carnage and improvised defenses obvious in the setup of the abandoned apartments , houses , hotels and businesses that make up the game levels adds another level to the story .
Just like in real life ( and in the best movies , for that matter ) there ’s no need to tell the story — it ’s easy to see exactly what happened .
The four characters are expressed ably and subtly through their details , from animations to the signature lines they speakÂ and reactions to events within the game .
Excellent voice acting , character modeling and animation all contribute to some of the best realized digital characters ever seen in any medium .
The crusty old vet ; high - strung office drone ; gruff , tough swaggering biker ; and horror - movie loving final - girl type are all communicated well without once interrupting the core game to introduce or explain or anything about any of them .
Most gamers will pick one of the heroes as a favorite pretty quickly and stick with them whenever playing — for me , that ’s the Bill , the chain - smoking , cantankerous old Vietnam vet with a dark sense of humor .
Functionally , the characters are identical as far as I can tell — there ’s no advantage to playing with one over or another .
The music and sound of the game are perfect too , from the gibberish and howling screams of the infected to the signature sounds of the special infected .
The witch ’s musical cue is especially spooky and effective .
These elements support and deepen the visual and gameplay elements to tell the story .
I have to say that I love the zombies of this game .
They are of the infected type , and possibly not technically dead ( it is n’t really clear ) .
I also love that they explained why the characters do n’t get turned despite constant contact with infected — much like Planet Terror ( which seems an inspiration ) , the main cast and certain others are all immune to the highly contagious disease .
This game finally sold me once and for all on the fast zombies , too .
Not as a replacement for the shamblers , who will always be first in my heart , but as an distinct and honorable branch of zombiedom .
For the game , these work really well — the tension of the game would be absent if they could only shuffle .
The special zombies , who seem to control the regular horde , are an interesting touch , too .
There ’s the boomer that can puke zombie - attractant all over anything , the smoker with his long , whip - like tongue that can snare unsuspecting survivors , the fast , agile hunter that pounces and pins the unwary , the grotesquely strong tank and finally , the haggard , emo ( she cries constantly until she attacks ) witch , fast and strong and very easily upset .
Their influence on the game play is enormous and they fit within the fiction just fine , even though tye are n’t really explained ( what , you think in a real zombie apocalypse there ’s going to be an explanation for all the weird shit you will see ? ) .
Again , there ’s some precedent — JUNK had a master zombie who was super - strong and could control the other “ regular ” zombies and the Resident Evil franchise ( both games and movies ) have included a number of special “ super zombies ” .
Â
It ’s something of a requirement for games — simply killing the same zombies over and over again gets boring , in theory .
If the game ’s story has a weakness it is the lack of a coherent overarching narrative to tie it all together .
Why do they keep finding themselves needing to cross town to get to the next escape point ?
It ’s a mystery .
Or maybe an existential joke : why did the survivors of the zombie apocalypse cross the town ?
To get to the next level , of course .
Russian cat and Russian dog are true friends , just look at them .
Pandemic ' Imminent ' : WHO Raises Swine Flu Pandemic Alert Level to 5 Over 160,000 U.S. schoolchildren to stay home from school on Thursday .
April 29 , 2009  --
The World Health Organization has raised its pandemic swine flu alert level to phase 5 -- its second - highest level .
The move by the agency , which is the public health arm of the United Nations , is " a strong signal that a pandemic is imminent , " according to published guidelines .
" The change to a higher phase of alert is a signal to governments [ and industry ] that certain actions now should be undertaken with increased urgency and at an accelerated pace , " said Dr. Margaret Chan , WHO 's director - general , at a press conference Wednesday .
" The biggest question is this -- how severe will the pandemic be , especially now at the start , " Chan said .
" It really is all of humanity that is under threat during a pandemic . "
Practically speaking , the shift is crucial to mobilize pharmaceutical companies and governments to start manufacturing adequate antiviral drugs and expedite the creation of a vaccine against swine flu .
It also places the world a single step away from an official global pandemic .
President Barack Obama pledged " great vigilance " in confronting the swine flu outbreak Wednesday night as it spread coast to coast across the U.S .
Despite calls from many U.S. lawmakers for tightening controls over the Mexico - US border , Obama ruled out that option , even though the swine flu outbreak has been at its most virulent and may have begun there .
" We have been preparing all along as if this is going to be stage 6 , " Secretary of Homeland Security Janet Napolitano said at a press conference this afternoon before the WHO announcement .
" Our efforts have been to stay ahead of whatever number WHO assigns . "
Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius said at the same conference that the change in designation should not inspire undue worry .
" Panicking is probably not very helpful , " she said .
" What 's helpful is turning this concern and worry into action steps . "
In the United States , the swine flu virus has spread to 11 states and infected 94 people , according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
Appoximately 160,400 children across fourteen states will stay home from school on Thursday .
Five more states -- Arizona , Michigan , Mass. , Nevada and Maine – each now have at least one confirmed case .
The latest state to report infections is Maine , with three new cases , according to Gov. John Baldacci , who says all those stricken are at home recovering .
In addition to the Maine , Richard Besser , acting director of the CDC , said there were now 51 cases in New York ; 16 cases in Texas ; 14 cases in California ; two cases each in Massachusetts , Michigan and Kansas ; and single cases in Arizona , Nevada , Indiana and Ohio .
The CDC has not officially added the Maine infections to their totals , which stand at 91 confirmed cases .
The announcements came on the same day that federal health officials reported the swine flu death of a 22 - month - old baby boy in Texas -- the first known U.S. fatality from the outbreak .
The baby , who died at Texas Children 's Hospital in Houston Monday , was from Mexico and was in the United States to visit family in nearby Brownsville , Texas , officials said .
The death is the first linked to swine flu to occur outside of Mexico .
" This is obviously a serious situation , " said President Obama of the developments today .
He further urged local health departments to watch for new cases -- and for schools to " strongly consider " closing their doors if the virus is suspected or detected among students or staff .
Schools Close Around Country
The first U.S. swine flu fatality and 16 confirmed swine flu cases in Texas have sent shockwaves through local communities .
Schools closed their doors as a precaution , keeping nearly 53,000 students in Texas home today .
" This is nothing to panic over , but there are precautions we need to follow to prevent the spread of this illness , " Cleburne Mayor Ted Reynolds said .
Every high school sporting event and most extracurricular activities throughout the state have been postponed until the middle of May as a result of the outbreak .
" I 'd rather be inconvenienced than have these kids sick and contaminating everybody , " said Jane Stone Pritzkaw , parent from New Branufels , Texas , where there is one confirmed case in the district .
Schools across the country -- from Connecticut to San Francisco -- followed suit .
In Chicago , officials closed a school on the city 's North Side after a " probable " swine flu infection was reported Tuesday .
Blood samples are being sent to the CDC for analysis .
If confirmed , Illinois would become the 12th state to report an outbreak .
Germany and Austria today became the latest countries to confirm swine flu infections .
The Egyptian government has begun slaughtering all 300,000 pigs in the country , according to local reports .
No swine flu cases have yet been confirmed on the country , though its neighbor Israel has reported two .
And EU foreign relations commissioner Benita Ferrero - Waldner told Reuters during a Gulf Arab foreign ministers ' meeting in Muscat on Wednesday that the bloc was considering halting all travel to Mexico and disinfecting all airports due to the outbreak .
Governments around the world are struggling to contain the disease , but no one is ready yet to call the outbreak a full fledged pandemic .
" It 's a very serious possibility , but it is still too early to say that this is inevitable , " the World Health Organization flu chief , Dr. Keiji Fukuda , told reporters today .
Nine countries have officially reported 148 cases of swine influenza , According to WHO .
Swine Flu Death Reinforces CDC's Prior Warnings
The death comes as public fears over swine flu continue to grow .
Before this fatality , health officials confirmed Tuesday that five patients in the United States have been hospitalized with swine flu ; all have recovered .
And last night , a flight from Baltimore to Mexico was , for a time , suspected of carrying a passenger with swine flu .
The airport had prepared to quarantine the plane before authorities said the concern was unwarranted .
Both the Obama administration and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention have been warning for days that American deaths should be expected from swine flu .
" I think what the American people need to be confident of is that President Obama , the Department of Homeland Security and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta are being very aggressive in tackling the problem , " Valerie Jarrett , senior White House adviser , told " Good Morning America " today .
" We were unfortunately expecting that there would be deaths , but we 're working really hard to educate the American people so that we take reasonable precautions . "
The White House has already requested a billion and a half dollars to fight the growing outbreak .
Meanwhile , Mexico's Health Minister Jose Angel Cordova said on Tuesday night that more than 1,300 people were in hospitals , some of them " seriously " ill , out of a total of around 2,500 suspected cases of the virus .
" In the last few days there has been a decline ( in cases ) , " Cordova told a news conference .
" The death figures have remained more or less stable . "
Cordova said the victims ranged from children through young adults and middle - aged people to the elderly , a different pattern to the common seasonal flu that mainly kills the elderly and already unwell people .
British Prime Minister Gordon Brown said today three more cases of the flu have been confirmed , for a total of five known cases .
After Mexico , U.S. Is Hardest Hit
In the U.S. , the outbreak has escalated , with the total number of cases confirmed in the United States jumping to 91 and spreading to more states , health officials said .
Experts expect that figure to keep rising .
" I do expect more cases and expect more states to be affected , " Rear Admiral Dr. Anne Schuchat , interim deputy director for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 's science and public health program , told a Senate hearing today .
" I think we need to be prepared that even if it starts to look a little better , it may get a little worse . "
The CDC has been working to distribute test kits for the virus , identified only last week in the country .
Without the kits , confirming infection can take days .
To fight the epidemic , the Obama administration is asking Congress for $ 1.5 billion .
White House press secretary Robert Gibbs said the president was requesting the funds " out of an abundance of caution " to " enhance our nation 's capability to respond to the potential spread of this outbreak . "
The government 's request underscores how seriously U.S. officials are treating the threat .
Alarmed by the growing number of swine flu cases and the possibility that a California man may have died from the disease , Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger declared a state of emergency today to help deal with the outbreak .
California has confirmed 15 cases of swine flu , and Tuesday it was investigating whether one man may have died as a result of the virus .
According to Los Angeles County public health official Jonathan Fielding , the case is still being investigated .
If it is confirmed , it would be the second death in the U.S. attributed to the illness .
Besser declined to comment on the California investigation , but said , " I fully expect we will see deaths from this infection . "
Florida has reported an incidence of swine flu today , and Indiana health officials confirmed this afternoon that a student at Notre Dame has swine flu .
These developments bring to seven the number of states where the infections are being investigated .
In Orlando , Fla. , the chief medical officer at Florida Hospital Loran Hauck indicated the flu has spread to a tourist who visiting the crowded Disney World .
" A case was diagnosed here in Orlando today on a tourist from Mexico who came to Disney attractions two days ago to visit , " Hauck wrote in the email .
Florida health officials have not confirmed that the tourist was stricken with swine flu .
The outbreak is expected to keep growing because the CDC said today the new count includes " a number of hospitalizations . "
The CDC in Atlanta has become the center for the swine flu investigation .
It is one of only four laboratories in the world that have the expertise to unravel a novel flu strain .
" What we 're trying to do is to identify how bad , how good , the swine flu is currently operating -- is it expanding , is it contracting , is it maintaining a steady state , " said Phillip Navin , director of the Division of Emergency Operations at the CDC .
With the uptick in cases , the CDC shipped out more anti-virals and sent additional teams into the field .
" I think at the moment we need to be looking forward and making sure that we 're doing everything that we can to keep people from getting sick , " said Dr. Steve Reed , director of the CDC's Influeza Coordination Unit .
New York City Sees Big Jump in Swine Flu Cases
The biggest increase occurred in New York City where the number of cases leaped from 28 to 45 , the CDC said .
Mayor Michael Bloomberg said Monday the cases were confined to a " single cluster , " students of St. Francis Preparatory School and their relatives .
Several of the students had spent spring break in Cancun , Mexico , which health officials suspect is the origin of the outbreak .
But Bloomberg said Tuesday that it appears to have spread to at least one other school , Public School 177 , a school for autistic children .
Of PS 177's 380 students , 82 called in sick today and at least a dozen have fevers .
One of those students has two siblings at St. Francis Prep , Bloomberg said .
Both of the those schools are located in the borough of Queens .
The mayor also said there are six possible cases of the flu in a Manattan school , Ascension parochial school .
And New York City Health Commissioner Thomas Frieden said today that " many hundreds " of students and teachers at St. Francis are sick -- though most of those cases appear mild so far .
" It is here and it is spreading , " Frieden said .
" We do not know whether it will continue to spread . "
At one point the Ernst and Young corporation said it had confirmed a case at its Manhattan headquarters , but later retracted the statement .
In addition , there were four more cases in Texas and three additional cases in California .
Leaders in Congress raced each other to hold hearings on the outbreak .
Sen .
Tom Harkin of Iowa , chairman of the Senate appropriations subcommittee that deals with pandemic preparedness , called an emergency hearing to address funding for states and federal government
Sen. Joe Lieberman , I - Conn. , called another hearing for Wednesday and Rep. Henry Waxman , D- Calif. , the chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Committee called for a hearing on Thursday .
Concern among travelers was so great that Carnival Cruises Tuesday suspended its stops at Mexican ports because of its concerns about swine flu .
Around the world , New Zealand confirmed 11 cases , and Israel confirmed one Tuesday .
South Korea , Australia and the Czech Republic announced several suspected cases .
A South Korean Catholic nun traveling in Mexico has tested positive for swine flu , according to reporting by ABC's Joohee Cho .
South Korean authorities believe the 51 - year - old woman caught the disease from a taxi driver and have requesting the Mexican government look into the matter .
Ten countries have restricted their imports of U.S. pork or swine , including Russia , China , Philippines , Thailand , South Korea , Kazakhstan , Serbia , Ukraine , the United Arab Emirates and Ecuador .
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said pork , soybean and corn prices had fallen in the last two days and criticized what he said were illogical restrictions on pork .
Officials Fighting Swine Flu Learned Lessons From SARS
Korean health authorities are examining 315 other passengers that were on the same flight with the nun and have already injected Tamiflu into eight passengers who sat near her .
Spain had one previously confirmed case , the United Kingdom , two and Canada , six .
France is still testing some people and some test results in Germany came back negative .
Most of the individuals involved had recently returned from Mexico .
To slow the global spread of the virus , the U.S. State Department and the European Union 's health commissioner recommended avoiding nonessential travel to Mexico .
Russia , Hong Kong and Taiwan said they would quarantine visitors showing symptoms of the virus amid global concern about a possible pandemic , which means a prevalent and rapidly spreading disease over a large region .
Singapore 's Minister Mentor Lee Kuan
Yew told the Straits Times that Singaporeans returning from Mexico would be quarantined .
Argentina also installed airport heat sensors and suspended flights from Mexico , as did Cuba .
But Gregory Hartl , a World Health Organization spokesman , told reporters that it did not recommend border closure or travel restrictions as a countermeasure .
He noted that infected people may not show symptoms at the airport or when they reach a border crossing .
" Certainly , if you feel that you are ill , you should not travel , in any case , to anywhere , " Hartl said .
Lessons learned from the SARS ( a viral respiratory disease ) outbreak in Asia in 2003 showed that border closure was economically disruptive and not particularly effective .
" In public health terms , it did n't work , so we do n't want to repeat something that did n't work " Hartl said .
But governments in Asia were not taking any chances .
Singapore , Thailand , Japan , Indonesia and the Philippines dusted off thermal scanners used in the SARS crisis as they checked for signs of fever among passengers from North America .
South Korea and Indonesia introduced similar screening .
In Malaysia , health workers in face masks took the temperatures of passengers as they arrived on a flight from Los Angeles .
China said anyone experiencing flulike symptoms within two weeks of arrival had to report to authorities .
India will start screening people arriving from Mexico , the United States , Canada , New Zealand , Spain , Britain and France for flulike symptoms , said Vineet Chawdhry , a top health ministry official .
It also will contact people who have arrived from Mexico and other affected countries in the past 10 days to check for the symptoms , he said .
These measures came after the World Health Organization announced that it had raised its pandemic alert level to Phase 4 from Phase 3 , the first time the alert level has been raised above 3 since the system was adopted in 2005 .
The Phase 4 designation signifies that the new swine flu virus can cause sustained outbreaks and is adapting itself to spread among humans , significant steps toward a pandemic .
But the ranking does not necessarily mean that a pandemic is a foregone conclusion .
" If the virus is an efficient virus , if it spreads easily from human to human , it will probably continue to spread , " Hartl said .
All transmission of the disease so far appears to have been human to human and not from animal or other contact , according to the WHO .
" There is no danger from eating pork , " Hartl said .
" If you cook pork well , if you cook all meat well , it kills all virus . "
Swine Flu Ground Zero
Outside Mexico , where 159 people have died , the United States has been the country worse hit by the swine flu outbreak .
Many of the cases appear to be students who recently visited Mexico .
Addressing the National Academy of Sciences Monday , President Obama acknowledged the efforts to keep pace with the spread of the disease within the United States .
" We are closely monitoring the emerging cases of swine flu in the United States , " he said .
" And this is obviously a cause for concern and requires a heightened state of alert .
But it is not a cause for alarm . "
There is no vaccination for the swine flu strain , which has elements of pig , bird and human strains .
But officials said they have ramped up medical surveillance around the country and , as part of the emergency declaration , freed up state and federal resources for prevention .
Officials also emphasized the importance of individual care and good hygienic practices .
" Even if this outbreak is a small one , we can't anticipate we wo n't have follow - up outbreaks , " U.S. Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said .
A different scenario is unfolding across the border in Mexico .
While authorities hunt for the source of the swine flu outbreak , the country is under lock down .
Schools , museums , parks and even churches in Mexico City have been shut down by the government .
A leading business group estimates that canceled events and closure of establishments to prevent the spread of swine flu is costing Mexico City at least $ 57 million a day .
All of Mexico's Mayan ruins and Aztec pyramids have also been shut down until further notice .
" I have n't been out for days , " said one woman , who only left to bring her baby to the doctor for a routine vaccination .
The government has advised people to stay home and indicated that those infected by the virus could be isolated .
In the country 's deserted capital , public events were cancelled for the next week or so .
Sales of masks have soared as people try to prevent themselves from the potentially deadly disease .
Mexican officials are hoping the 10 - day shut - down will be enough to cover the two - day incubation period and the seven - day recovery of anyone who has the virus .
On Wednesday , however , the Associated Press reported that Mexico City Mayor Marcelo Ebrard said the swine flu situation in the city seems to be stabilizing , with only one more death since he last spoke .
The AP further reported the mayor as saying that if the death toll continues to taper off , he will consider easing the shutdown of the city .
Mexico's first suspected case of the swine flu was detected in the remote farming village of La Gloria , where 5 - year - old Edgar Hernandez contracted the disease nearly one month ago , authorities say .
" The most likely way that this young boy got the infection was from another person who had been in contact with the pigs , " said Dr. Kathryn Edwards of Vanderbilt Medical Center .
More than 800 people in the town of 2,000 were infected , authorities say , but no deaths were reported .
It took seven days for Mexico to confirm its first cases of swine flu , according to World Health Organization estimates .
Officials say it 's still too early to determine how the disease spread from La Gloria into a global health emergency .
" It 's a new virus , new virus combination , it does transmit from person to person and we already know it causes fatalities so we already have all the makings of a possible pandemic , " Irwin Redlener of Columbia University 's Mailman School of Public Health said .
But Dr. Nancy
Cox of the CDC has said she believes the earliest onset of swine flu in the United States in this current outbreak happened March 28 .
A quarter of the 50 million doses of Tamiflu stockpiled by the U.S. government has been released and the Obama administration has declared a public health emergency to free up the medicine and federal help to the states who need it .
But pharmacies in several states have been flooded with phone calls from concerned customers .
" Our first phone calls were doctors asking if we had Tamiflu , " New York City pharmacist Yvonne Zampitella said .
" They were prescribing it for their patients and family members . "
Symptoms of the swine flu are similar to the regular flu , health officials say , including aching muscles , fever and fatigue .
The virus appears to be responsive to medication .
" These drugs do not kill the virus , they help prevent its replication and therefore help reduce the symptoms , but they have to be taken within 48 hours so people have to recognize they have a serious illness , get to a doctor and start treatment , " ABC News ' Dr. Tim Johnson said on " World News " Monday .
" But we should not be telling people to go out and buy these drugs for use as preventive measure .
We need to reserve drug for actual cases and outbreak . "
The Associated Press contributed to the reporting of this story .
Something about the current race for the best recession - proof , throw caution to the wind , go out and buy a new car with our guarantee program feels very much like the $ 99 all included ( or so you thought ) cell - phone plan competition from last year .
Not to say that the consumer is n’t getting significant benefit , just that everyone seems to be jumping on board and the fine print is important .
Each payment protection program offers similar protections and allowances but in different flavors .
Lets take a look at each one :
GM Total Confidence
General Motors is offering 24 months of both loan and lease protection , during which , if you lose your job , the company will make up to 9 payments at a maximum payoff of $ 500 per month .
A 5 year / 100,000 mile ( whichever comes first ) transferable powertrain limited warranty comes standard along with roadside assistance and courtesy transportation .
You also get 1 free year of the OnStar ‘ Safety and Security ’ Package with Automatic Crash Response .
Finally , a ‘ Vehicle Value Protection ’ is now in force which helps keep the value of your car from tanking during the first two years of ownership ( if you opt to purchase a new GM vehicle ) .
Basically , you get negative equity assistance if your outstanding loan balance is more than book value ( based on NADA Clean Retail Value ) when you go for a trade - in .
Ford Advantage Plan
Ford will offer up to 12 payments with a max of $ 700 per month on any new Ford , Lincoln or Mercury vehicle if the customer loses his / her income .
They are also offering 0 % financing on select models through Ford Motor Credit .
If you still are n’t convinced and need to feel warm and fuzzy , they are creating a charity “ element ” as part of this plan to help local organizations .
The details of this are pretty hazy at this point .
Hyundai Assurance Program
Hyundai is offering their program on all new vehicles , either financed or leased , but from a different angle .
You get 12 months of complimentary coverage which provides up to $ 7,500 in negative equity insurance and the ability to return the vehicle nice and clean .
This basically means that if you are fired , experience a physical disability , lose your driver ’s license due to medical issues , are transferred internationally , experience bankruptcy or are the victim of an accidental death you can file a request for benefit coverage .
( If you are no longer living , this may be a task best performed by someone else . )
You must have made at least 2 payments and be current to apply .
If accepted , you drop off your ride at the dealer , pay any additional balances above the $ 7,500 benefit and wipe your hands clean .
Smooth …
Conclusion
So , what does this all mean ?
Let ’s explore this further by making it even more confusing .
With Ford you get 0 % percent financing through June 1st , while Hyundai and GM just offer some good wholesome deals .
Hyundai gives up $ 7,500 in negative equity protection while GM offers situation specific coverage with Ford looking the other way .
With Hyundai you can give your ride back , while GM and Ford want you to stick it out .
GM is willing to offer 9 payments up to $ 500 a month while Ford antes 12 months of payments up to $ 700 .
For extended powertrain warranties , GM is providing 5 yr / 100,000 mile coverage compared with Hyundai ’s 10 yr / 100,000 mile guarantee and Ford ’s 5 yr / 60,000 mile promise .
But even though Hyundai has “ America ’s Best Warranty ” both GM and Ford now have access to Obama ’s new “ Warranty Commitment Program ” that backs up the manufacturer ’s obligations with the full force and might of US tax payer dollars .
Advantage : Toyota — for not playing this game ( yet ! )
Source : Ford | GM | Hyundai
Following are examples of the most common types of configurations .
These are guides only as there are as many ways of configuring your network as there are networks to configure , but they may give you a start .
I also run my smail , http , ftp and other daemons on the router machine so that it needs to be the only machine to provide others with facilities .
I 've chosen to use an IP address for my radio port that is not within my home network block .
I need n't have done so , I could have easily used 44.136.8.97 for that port too .
The AX.25 configuration files are pretty much those used as examples in the earlier sections , refer to those where necessary .
Many of you may have small local area networks at home and want to connect the machines on that network to your local radio LAN .
This is the type of configuration I use at home .
I arranged to have a suitable block of addresses allocated to me that I could capture in a single route for convenience and I use these on my Ethernet LAN .
Your local IP coordinator will assist you in doing this if you want to try it as well .
The addresses for the Ethernet LAN form a subset of the radio LAN addresses .
The following configuration is the actual one for my linux router on my network at home :
Note the use of the window argument on the route command .
Setting this parameter to an appropriate value improves the performance of your radio link .
The route commands used to specify the encapsulated routes can be automatically generated by a modified version of the munge script .
This is included below .
The route commands would then be written to a separate file and read in using the bash source / etc / ipip.routes command ( assuming you called the file with the routing commands / etc / ipip.routes ) as illustrated .
The source file must be in the NOS route command format .
You can configure two network devices with the same address .
In this example both the sl0 and the tunl0 devices have been configured with the IP address of the radio port .
This is done so that the remote gateway sees the correct address from your gateway in encapsulated datagrams sent to it .
The new tunnel driver uses the gw field in the routing table in place of the pointopoint parameter to specify the address of the remote IPIP gateway .
This is why it now supports multiple routes per interface .
Some information here on tunnelling is out of date .
The setup has changed since the 2.0.x kernel , now the " ip " command from the iproute2 package should be used , as described in the Advanced Routing HOWTO .
The broadcast flag is very useful , as it enables informations that is normally destined for all stations to a number of AXIP destinations .
Normally axip routes are point - to - point and unable to handle ' broadcast ' packets .
traffic with a destination address matching any of those on the list defined by the " broadcast " keyword should be transmitted via this route .
There are two flags you can add to any of the route commands in the ax25 ipd.
conf file .
The two flags are :
The " route " command is where you specify where you want your AX.25 packets encapsulated and sent to .
When the ax25ipd daemon receives a packet from its interface , it compares the destination callsign with each of the callsigns in its routing table .
If if finds a match then the ax.25 packet is encapsulated in an IP datagram and then transmitted to the host at the specified IP address .
whether you want to encapsulate the AX.25 frames in IP datagrams or in UDP / IP datagrams .
Nearly all AXIP gateways use IP encapsulation , but some gateways are behind firewalls that will not allow IP with the AXIP protocol id to pass and are forced to use UDP / IP .
Whatever you choose must match what the tcp / ip host at the other end of the link is using .
In the configuration file you configure " routes " or mappings between destination AX.25 callsigns and the IP addresses of the hosts that you want to send the AX.25 packets too .
Each route has options which will be explained later .
The ax25ipd program has two major modes of operation .
" digipeater " mode and " tnc " mode .
In " tnc " mode the daemon is treated as though it were a kiss TNC , you pass KISS encapsulated frames to it and it will transmit them , this is the usual configuration .
In " digipeater " mode , you treat the daemon as though it were an AX.25 digipeater .
There are subtle differences between these modes .
The ax25ipd program included in the ax25 - utils package presents itself as a program supporting a KISS interface across which you pass AX.25 frames , and an interface into the tcp / ip protocols .
It is configured with a single configuration file called /etc/ax25/ax25ipd.conf .
An AXIP encapsulation program accepts AX.25 frames at one end , looks at the destination AX.25 address to determine what IP address to send them to , encapsulates them in a tcp / ip datagram and then transmits them to the appropriate remote destination .
It also accepts tcp / ip datagrams that contain AX.25 frames , unwraps them and processes them as if it had received them directly from an AX.25 port .
To distinguish IP datagrams containing AX.25 frames from other IP datagrams which do n't , AXIP datagrams are coded with a protocol id of 4 ( or 94 which is now deprecated ) .
This process is described in RFC - 1226 .
Many Amateur Radio Internet gateways encapsulate AX.25 , NET / ROM and ROSE in addition to tcp / ip .
Encapsulation of AX.25 frames within IP datagrams is described in RFC - 1226 by Brian Kantor .
Mike Westerhof wrote an implementation of an AX.25 encapsulation daemon for UNIX in 1991 .
The ax25 - utils package includes a marginally enhanced version of it for Linux .
Many people like to run some version of NOS under Linux because it has all of the features and facilities they are used to .
Most of those people would also like to have the NOS running on their machine capable of talking to the Linux kernel so that they can offer some of the linux capabilities to radio users via NOS .
Brandon S. Allbery , KF8NH , contributed the following information to explain how to interconnect the NOS running on a Linux machine with the kernel code using the Linux pipe device .
Since both Linux and NOS support the slip protocol it is possible to link the two together by creating a slip link .
You could do this by using two serial ports with a loopback cable between them , but this would be slow and costly .
Linux provides a feature that many other Unix - like operating systems provide called `pipes ' .
These are special pseudo devices that look like a standard tty device to software but in fact loopback to another pipe device .
To use these pipes the first program must open the master end of the pipe , and the open then the second program can open the slave end of the pipe .
When both ends are open the programs can communicate with each other simply by writing characters to the pipes in the way they would if they were terminal devices .
To use this feature to connect the Linux Kernel and a copy of NOS , or some other program you first must choose a pipe device to use .
You can find one by looking in your / dev directory .
The master end of the pipes are named : ptyq [ 1 - f ] and the slave end of the pipes are known as : ttyq [ 1 - f ] .
Remember they come in pairs , so if you select / dev / ptyqf as your master end then you must use / dev/ ttyqf as the slave end .
Once you have chosen a pipe device pair to use you should allocate the master end to you linux kernel and the slave end to the NOS program , as the Linux kernel starts first and the master end of the pipe must be opened first .
You must also remember that your Linux kernel must have a different IP address to your NOS , so you will need to allocate a unique address for it if you have n't already .
You configure the pipe just as if it were a serial device , so to create the slip link from your linux kernel you can use commands similar to the following :
# /sbin/slattach -s 38400 - p slip / dev/ptyqf & # /sbin/ifconfig sl0 broadcast 44.255.255.255 pointopoint 44.70.248.67 / mtu 1536 44.70.4.88 # /sbin/route add 44.70.248.67 sl0 # /sbin/route add - net 44.0.0.0 netmask 255.0.0.0 gw 44.70.248.67
In this example the Linux kernel has been given IP address 44.70.4.88 and the NOS program is using IP address 44.70.248.67 .
The route command in the last line simply tells your linux kernel to route all datagrams for the amprnet via the slip link created by the slattach command .
Normally you would put these commands into your
/etc/rc.d/rc.inet2 file after all your other network configuration is complete so that the slip link is created automatically when you reboot .
Note : there is no advantage in using cslip instead of slip as it actually reduces performance because the link is only a virtual one and occurs fast enough that having to compress the headers first takes longer than transmitting the uncompressed datagram .
To configure the NOS end of the link you could try the following :
# you can call the interface anything you want ; I use " linux " for convenience .
attach asy ttyqf - slip linux 1024 1024 38400 route addprivate 44.70.4.88 linux
These commands will create a slip port named `linux ' via the slave end of the pipe device pair to your linux kernel , and a route to it to make it work .
When you have started NOS you should be able to ping and telnet to your NOS from your Linux machine and vice versa .
If not , double check that you have made no mistakes especially that you have the addresses configured properly and have the pipe devices around the right way .
Jede Frau hat etwas an ihrem Körper auszusetzen .
Die einen mehr , die anderen weniger .
Durch die heutige Medizin ist es uns möglich fast alles operativ …
Maybe most of us will not have the chance to explore space like the astronauts in real life , but now NASA seeks to change all of that with the development of a massively multiplayer online exploration game called Astronaut : Moon , Mars , and Beyond .
NASA has selected three development studios to work on the project – Project Whitecard , Information in Place , and Virtual Heroes – the last of which did work on America ’s Army .
“ The single biggest point that was pushed forward by the game community was that you have to let game design lead the development , ” said Daniel Laughlin , project manager for NASA Learning Technologies at the agency ’s Goddard Earth Science and Technology Center in Maryland .
“ It ’s easy to build a game that ’s no fun .
It ’s hard to build a game that ’s successful and fun . ”
A playable demo of the game is slated for release before the end of the year , based on a tech demo that uses Epic ’s Unreal Engine 3 .
Players will get to roam around in a multiplayer experience focused on moon base operations , although real astronauts on the International Space Station may have to hold off until they return to Earth .
“ We ’ve had to create a new genre of gameplay , creating what we call first person exploration , ” said Jerry Heneghan , founder and CEO of Virtual Heroes .
He noted that the full game will emphasize player cooperation to master both harsh space environments and complex machinery .
Players would take on astronaut roles such as roboticist , rather than becoming a grenadier or sniper in a more combat - oriented game .
Eventually players may get the chance to provide their own user - created content , ranging from scouting out new paths for space exploration to creating and flying their own ships .
But unlike other space - themed MMOs such as EVE Online or Star Trek Online , such ships probably wo n’t be toting laser weaponry .
The game developers also hope to have game missions connected with what Heneghan termed the “ near - future reality ” of space exploration .
NASA has already created many concepts of future space tech that the developers plan to incorporate into the game , which has the added advantage of saving on game development costs .
“ This model has been proven with America ’s Army , ” Heneghan told SPACE.com , pointing to how Virtual Heroes has already worked with the U.S. Department of Defense in developing the Army ’s free and popular online game .
“ The difference here is that we ’re talking about first person exploration , so it ’s all about exploring the environment , expanding and building things rather than shooting other players . ”
Each game developer has already amassed considerable experience working with one another on space - related games .
Virtual Heroes and Project Whitecard are finishing up a different project for the Canadian Space Agency , while Virtual Heroes is also working with Information in Place on a “ Virtual Astronaut ” project funded by the U.S. National Science Foundation .
Laughlin said that he was pleased to see development of the game moving quickly , at least for NASA .
The MMO project first started in 2004 , and NASA selected the three developers just after the New Year .
“ I ’m working with NASA and video games at the same , ” Laughlin said .
“ It ’s the coolest job in the world . ”
Newspaper editorials describe effort as ' disgraceful , ' ' naked grab for power ' by GOP
Local Election Integrity advocates request national action ...
Brad Friedman Byon 4/20/2009 , 12:24 pm PT
[ Updated several times at bottom of article , including encouraging comment on this offensive bill , by FL Gov. Charlie Crist . ]
John Gideon covered the latest outrageous election - gaming attempt by Florida Republicans over the weekend in " Daily Voting News , " but this one clearly needs a few more eyeballs .
Kindra Muntz , president of Sarasota Alliance for Fair Elections ( SAFE ) emailed over the weekend to request " nationwide pressure " be placed on legislators in Tallahassee and , given the ugliness of this particular effort , we 'd agree .
See the bottom of this article for some action links which Muntz suggests taking to counter what she describes as a " dangerous " and " devastating " bill being quietly fast - tracked through the FL legislature by the GOP down there this week .
Here 's a couple of passages from two no-holds - barred editorials from over the weekend , excoriating this latest , blatant attempt at voter suppression by the Sunshine State Republicans who , this time , have got elderly voters ( and much more ) in their cross -hairs .
Among a few pretty horrible things this bill does ( see below for much more ) , it would end the use of " Retirement center identification " and " Neighborhood association identification " for the elderly when voting at the polling place .
The first editorial below comes from the St. Petersburg Times which calls the effort " disgraceful , " a " naked grab for power , " and charges , " Republican legislative leaders have lost all sense of shame with their 11th - hour bill to roll back voting rights in Florida . " ...
Republican legislative leaders have lost all sense of shame with their 11th - hour bill to roll back voting rights in Florida .
The legislation is so disgraceful it is no wonder a Republican - led House committee debated the bill for all of 6 minutes Friday before silencing public comment and approving the bill along party lines .
This fast - moving train needs to be stopped cold .
The legislation moving through the Senate and House is breathtaking for its naked grab for power .
The Senate bill , SB 956 , and its companion legislation moving through the House would make it harder for voters to have their voices heard and easier for the major political parties to manipulate the outcome of the electoral process .
It would ban retirement center and neighborhood association cards from the forms of identification now acceptable to vote .
So much for seniors who do not drive and whose military days are far behind them .
...
The bill would make it easier for the state to declare a winner in an election where the votes were not fully counted .
And the authority to recount any federal , state or multicounty election — which rests now with the governor and two members of the Cabinet , all of whom are elected statewide — would fall to the secretary of state , who is appointed by the governor .
No wonder Republican leaders quietly waited until week seven of the nine - week session to spring this stew of every bad election idea they could imagine .
The New York Times noticed the scam over the weekend as well , adding this to the St. Pete 's Times description :
Since 2000 , Florida has been synonymous with badly run and undemocratic elections .
This distinction has not come to it by chance .
Many of the state ’s election officials and legislators work hard to keep eligible voters from casting ballots .
The Florida Legislature is at it again , threatening to pass new rules that would make it harder for eligible voters , especially those from minorities and those who are poor , to register and vote .
Republican state legislators , who are behind the latest bills , want to make it illegal for anyone to get within 100 feet of a line of voters .
That provision would criminalize election protection programs , in which nonpartisan volunteers make themselves available outside of polling places on Election Day to ensure that eligible voters know their legal rights and are able to cast ballots .
...
Republican leaders seem to be trying to push the legislation through quickly , with a minimum of public attention or comment .
...
It is doubtful that significant parts of it , like the prohibition on giving legal advice to voters in line , could survive a constitutional challenge .
Florida legislators should not need a court to tell them not to interfere with the right to vote .
As you know , as Florida goes , so generally goes the nation .
So please take some action .
SAFE 's Muntz recommends these :
UPDATE : Tampa Mayor Pam Iorio writes a short letter to Gov. Crist [ PDF ] urging him to " veto the bill immediately , " should it make it to his desk .
She notes her own experience as a ten - year Supervisor of Elections and excoriates the way in which the bill was " conceived in secrecy with an aim to further restrict people from being a part of the election process . "
She notes that " This current legislative action reflects an arrogance that is offensive to all who care about good government . "
LATER UPDATE : Miami Herald blogs that Republican Gov. Crist says he does n't like the bill , even if he wo n't use " the V word " for the moment ...
Times / Herald .
" The more opportunity you give people to vote , the better it is for democracy .
So that aspect of it concerns me . "
" What is it we ’re trying to cure ? "
Crist asked in an interview with the .
" The more opportunity you give people to vote , the better it is for democracy .
So that aspect of it concerns me . "
" It always seems to me that when there may be legislation that attempts to sort of make it harder for people to do something – the people that we work for – generally that ’s not good .
I do n’t look on that in a favorable light and that is true of this particularly particular [ sic ? ] part of this legislation . "
Would you veto the bill if it hits your desk ?
" Let ’s see if it does first .
I do n’t like to use the V word … but I ’m not fond of that provision .
It concerns me . "
That , hopefully , is good news .
Crist has proven , in truth , to be pretty good with issues of voting rights in FL , beginning with his call to move to paper ballots across the state after he came into office ( the state did so , even with a few poison pills by GOP legislators allowed to remain in the bill ) , and the re-enfranchisement of former felons , a particularly progressive move , especially for a Republican .
We 'll hope he holds this line on this appalling and blatant attempt by the House / Senate Republicans towards out - and - out voter suppression .
It is a known fact that e-filing or paper filing is the only way through which you can submit your tax audit to the Internal Revenue .
Although the very first method introduced was paper filing , e-filing has become more popular .
Studies carried out in 2010 showed that about 98 million people adopted the option of e-filing , while 46 million people still subscribe to the option of paper filing .
Each style of submitting your audit consists of benefits attributed to them , respectively .
Taking a look at E - File vs. Paper File Audit Risk
E - filing is sending tax returns via email while paper filing is sending manual mails .
Taking a look at both e-file vs. paper file audit risk , one can experience audit risk with both types of filing .
Someone conversant with the computer will prefer sending his audit via email .
On the other hand , someone that is not computer literate might prefer sending paper files .
Keep reading to get more details about this amazing topic !
Comparing E- Filing Vs. Paper Filing : Why Choose E-Filing ?
It is safe and secure
Submitting tax returns via e-filing can be more secure and reliable than paper filing .
It sends electronic mails directly to the IRS system through your computer .
Your mail does not have to pass through different procedures to reach the IRS staff in charge of audits .
While in the case of paper filing , the mail has to pass through several IRS staffs .
Also , there have been few cases of mails getting mixed up on the way , and even mails going missing , thereby leading to further delays .
It saves time
Sending of tax returns in electronic format makes it quick and easy to get it in touch with the right persons .
There is no need for thronging or having to wait for long hours before the emails get across .
Studies carried out by Intuit have shown that it could take up to six weeks before you get feedback in a paper filing , whereas , regarding the e-Filing , it usually takes a maximum of two days to get feedback .
It is easy to correct
Now , thinking about the fact that paper filing takes up to six weeks before you get feedback , it is scary and discouraging .
I mean what if you had made a mistake in the data you sent out , you may have the need to make corrections and would have to wait for another six weeks again to rectify it .
Whereas , as regarding e-filing , it is easier to make various corrections and send it back quickly to the IRS system .
Also , you are less likely to make an error when adopting the method of e-filling .
It is because when you begin entering your data , the computer automatically makes the necessary calculations for you .
You can also opt to use a utility software or program to aid the task .
It is cost - effective
Contrary to popular belief that paper filing is cheaper than the method of e-filing , it is a blatant lie .
The process of e-filing makes for a very inexpensive way of getting your tax refunds .
Whereas , in the aspect of paper filing , you would have to start considering if you have ink , paper , and toner cartridge .
Even if you have successfully printed out the forms , you still need to find transport fare or gas money to get to the post office .
Also , if your Adjusted Gross Income is about 58,000 dollars or less , you can even send in your mail for free
It makes for record - keeping
Usually , when one has to store different records in the years , or in cases where an auditor needs previous information from a particular year , it takes a whole lot of stress , having to search through past documents to get the required information .
E -filing helps the IRS to efficiently store data in their system for usage at any point in time .
Also , they make software and programs that make it easy to access any data from any particular point in time .
Why Choose Paper Filing ?
One can use it whether computer - oriented or not
Although we are in an age whereby everybody seems to be able to read , write and operate a computer system , we still have to consider the fact that not everyone has the privilege of being computer literate in our time .
Those that are not conversant with modern technologies may choose to subscribe to the option of paper filing .
It becomes necessary to avoid mailing a tax return with so many mistakes and inaccuracies .
In essence , if you know you are not good with a computer and all these digital gadgets , you do not have to stress yourself about it because the option of paper filing is always readily available .
Limitations
There are a lot of constraints that come with the option of e-filing .
Firstly , in Personal Tax Returns , here in America , we all know that e-filing can only take place from January 28 to October 20 and asides that , the only option you have is to send in a paper file .
Secondly , you need to make other attachments , and it applies in only decedent returns .
Finally , most times , the space in the “ additional information ” column is too small to communicate your thoughts effectively .
No loss of data
Imagine that one is working on writing a job for a particular client , and in the course of rounding it up , the person ’s device gets damaged or missing , such will affect the relationship between such a person and the client .
In essence , e-filing has the benefit of secured storage on your system .
However , in the cases whereby your hard disk gets damaged , or something happens to your computer system , and you cannot use it again , what would be the fate of the information stored in it ?
It would cost you a whole lot of stress and money trying to get back the lost documents .
So in this aspect , paper filing presents a safer and more secure form of filing .
Internet security
Recent studies have shown that the rate at which cyber - crime is growing , if not adequately addressed , could achieve an all - time growth rate of about 11 % per year .
Now , this is not to put any fear in your minds but to inform you to be diligent in securing your details like your name , address , credit card number , social security number , etc .
Although e-filing may seem simpler to process , it can be insecure in the case whereby your details or computer system is victim to hackers .
Now , you may want to consider paper filing because you would not have to upload any of your details online and this would , in turn , help you to steer clear of any cyber - crimes
E- File Vs. Paper File : An Audit Risk Or A Myth ?
When opting for a paper return , the IRS has to input all the necessary data into their system .
Not just that , but also keeping and protecting it for about six years before clearing it all up again .
Due to the amount of work involved in having to transfer all the information from a paper into their database , IRS staff and auditors majorly input only the necessary pieces of data from the forms .
However , in the case of e-filing , all the information given out gets saved and stored indefinitely on their system ’s database .
It , in turn , will mean that if there are any questions or you made any errors when filling out your return , the IRS will have complete access to all of your files from the past , more than they would have been able to get in the option of paper filing .
There is a myth that has gone for quite a several years that if you opt to go for the option of e-filing , you would be at a higher risk of your form getting audited .
The ideology hinges on the fact that if you are going to review a paper return , it is very stressful having to go through the papers and documents attached , and auditors prefer to take the most accessible routes to avoid the workload .
However , it is just a personal belief , and the IRS has stated or confirmed this belief in many ways .
Also with a vast number of returns processed out electronically and sent through mails , putting into consideration that more number of mails done electronically goes through an audit , that may be the reason for that ideology
Nevertheless , recent studies carried out by the IRS shows the fact that forms processed manually are about 20 times more probable to include mistakes and we know that where there is a mistake , one needs a second look and that would be a source of concern if you are going for the option of paper filing
Conclusion
Taking into consideration that the world is gradually changing day by day , and the concept of e-services seems to be progressively dominating every sphere of influence , an individual may choose to subscribe to the option of e-filing .
When we take a look at the issue of E - File vs. Paper File Audit Risk , we believe that it varies according to individual preference , and one should pick what is ideal for you .
Obama fields ' marijuana as cash crop ' question at town hall meeting David Edwards and Ron Brynaert
Published : Thursday March 26 , 2009
Print This Email This Many submitted online questions focused on marijuana ; Obama jokes , ' I do n't know what that says about the online audience '
" The White House is open for questions , " according to whitehouse.gov .
The AP reports , " Call it Round Two of the news conference , with a big Internet twist .
President Barack Obama took questions from the White House press corps on Tuesday in a prime - time , East Room session that represented the most formal and time - honored of president - and - reporter interactions .
On Thursday , he is taking to that same room for another public grilling  this time by regular folks armed with questions submitted via the Internet and in person , as part of a political strategy to engage Americans directly . "
" By 9 a .m . Thursday , the White House Web site had already logged more than 100,000 questions , " the AP adds .
The president later said that 3.5 million people voted .
ABC News observed that " submitted questions are grouped by topic , including education , home ownership , health care reform and the budget . "
" Many of the questions , however , focused on marijuana , " the ABC News article continues .
" The top vote getters in several categories , including financial stability , green jobs and budget , were whether it is time to decriminalize marijuana . "
Last month , U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder announced that the Obama administration would end federal drug enforcement raids of medical marijuana dispensaries .
ABC notes of the submitted questions , " Some suggested the economy would get a boost , drug cartels would be weakened and the government would benefit by taxing the drug .
When the Obama transition team solicited questions from the public after the election , medical marijuana question were also the most popular on the site . "
" Why is marijuana still illegal ? " Ben R. from Washington , DC asked .
" Cigarettes and alcohol are far more harmful , and with the taxes put on the legal distribution of marijuana the US could make millions . "
A Virginian sporting the name " Green Machine " asked , " Will you consider decriminalizing the recreational / medical use of marijuana ( hemp ) so that the government can regulate it , tax it , put age limits on it , and create millions of new jobs and a multi-billion dollar industry right here in the U.S. ? "
Ten minutes in , Obama answered one of the marijuana questions ( VIDEO BELOW ) .
" We took votes about which questions were going to be asked and I think 3 million people voted or  3.5 million people voted , " Obama said .
" I have to say that there was one question that was voted on that ranked fairly high , and that was whether legalizing marijuana would improve the economy and job creation and I dont know what this says about the online audience audience , but I just want  I dont want people to think that  this was a fairly popular question
" I do n't know what that says about the online audience , " the president joked about its popularity .
" The answer is ' no , " Obama said flatly , " I dont think that is a good strategy to grow our economy . "
A large round of applause greeted Obama 's response .
While an early AP wire story sported the headline " Obama says he opposes legalizing marijuana , " it should be noted that the president specifically only dismissed the notion that the " cash crop " would significantly boost the economy .
However , later on Thursday afternoon during the White House press briefing after multiple reporters asked marijuana - related questions , Obama Administration spokesman Robert Gibbs unequivocally said that the president opposed legalization .
Among other things , Gibbs was asked if he has the economic data or a study to back up Obama 's claim that marijuana legalization would not be a good strategy .
" He opposes the legalization -- I 'll do this for the president , " Gibbs stated .
" I neither emailed my question in or voted for it but he opposes the legalization of marijuana and I 'll say I did that without even the slightest bit of laughter . "
When pressed as to why Obama opposes legalization , Gibbs said , " He does not think that is -- he opposes it .
He does n't think that is the right plan for America . "
This video is from CNN's Newsroom , broadcast Mar. 26 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Gibbs : Obama opposes marijuana legalization
This video is from CNN.com , broadcast Mar. 26 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
Newswise —
The connection between the body , mind and spirit has been the subject of conventional scientific inquiry for some 20 years .
The notion that psychosocial and societal considerations have a role in maintaining health and preventing disease became crystallized as a result of the experiences of a layman , Norman Cousins .
In the 1970s , Cousins , then a writer and magazine editor of the popular Saturday Review , was diagnosed with an autoimmune disease .
He theorized that if stress could worsen his condition , as some evidence suggested at the time , then positive emotions could improve his health .
As a result , he prescribed himself , with the approval of his doctor , a regimen of humorous videos and shows like Candid CameraÂ© .
Ultimately , the disease went into remission and Cousins wrote a paper that was published in the New England Journal of Medicine and a book about his experience , Anatomy of an Illness : A Patient 's Perspective , which was published in 1979 .
The book became a best seller and led to the investigation of a new field , known then as whole - person care or integrative medicine and now , lifestyle medicine .
Background
The unscientific foundation that was laid down by Cousins was taken up by many medical researchers including the academic medical researcher Dr. Lee Berk in the l980s .
In earlier work , Berk and his colleagues discovered that the anticipation of " mirthful laughter " had surprising and significant effects .
Two hormones " beta - endorphins ( the family of chemicals that elevates mood state ) and human growth hormone ( HGH ; which helps with optimizing immunity ) " increased by 27 % and 87 % respectively in study subjects who anticipated watching a humorous video .
There was no such increase among the control group who did not anticipate watching the humorous film .
In another study , they found that the same anticipation of mirthful laughter reduced the levels of three detrimental stress hormones .
Cortisol ( termed " the steroid stress hormone " ) , epinephrine ( also known as adrenaline ) and dopac , ( the major catabolite of dopamine ) , were reduced 39 , 70 and 38 % , respectively ( statistically significant compared to the control group ) .
Chronically released high levels of these stress hormones can be detremential to the immune system .
Lee Berk , DrPH , MPH , a preventive care specialist and psychoneuroimmunologist , of Loma Linda University , Loma Linda , CA , has paired with Stanley Tan , MD , PhD an endocrinologist and diabetes specialist at Oak Crest Health Research Institute , Loma Linda , CA , to examine the effect of " mirthful laughter " on individuals with diabetes .
Diabetes is a metabolic syndrome characterized by the risk of heart attack , blindness and other neurological , immune and blood vessel complications .
They found that mirthful laughter , as a preventive adjunct therapy in diabetes care , raised good cholesterol and lowered inflammation .
The researchers will present their findings entitled Mirthful Laughter , As Adjunct Therapy in Diabetic Care , Increases HDL Cholesterol and Attenuates Inflammatory Cytokines and hs -CRP and Possible CVD Risk .
They will present the findings at the 122nd Annual Meeting of the American Physiological Society ( APS ; www.the-aps.org/press), which is part of the Experimental Biology 2009 scientific conference .
The meeting will be held April 18 - 22 , 2009 in New Orleans .
The StudyA group of 20 high - risk diabetic patients with hypertension and hyperlipidemia were divided into two groups : Group C ( control ) and Group L ( laughter ) .
Both groups were started on standard medications for diabetes ( glipizide , TZD , metformin ) , hypertension ( ACE inhibitor or ARB ) ) and hyperlipidemia ( statins ) .
The researchers followed both groups for 12 months , testing their blood for the stress hormones epinephrine and norepinephrine ; HDL cholesterol ; inflammatory cytokines TNF - Î± IFN - Î³ and IL - 6 , which contribute to the acceleration of atherosclerosis and C - reactive proteins ( hs - CRP ) , a marker of inflammation and cardiovascular disease .
Group L viewed self - selected humor for 30 minutes in addition to the standard therapies described above .
Results
The patients in the laughter group ( Group L ) had lower epinephrine and norepinephrine levels by the second month , suggesting lower stress levels .
They had increased HDL ( good ) cholesterol .
The laughter group also had lower levels of TNF - Î± , IFN - Î³ , IL - 6 and hs -CRP levels , indicating lower levels of inflammation .
At the end of one year , the research team saw significant improvement in Group L : HDL cholesterol had risen by 26 percent in Group L ( laughter ) , and only 3 percent in the Group C ( control ) .
Harmful C- reactive proteins decreased 66 % in the laughter group vs. 26 percent for the control group .
Conclusion
The study suggests that the addition of an adjunct therapeutic mirthful laughter Rx ( a potential modulator of positive mood state ) to standard diabetes care may lower stress and inflammatory response and increase " good " cholesterol levels .
The authors conclude that mirthful laughter may thus lower the risk of cardiovascular disease associated with diabetes mellitus and metabolic syndrome .
Further studies need to be done to expand and elucidate these findings .
In describing himself as a " hardcore medical clinician and scientist , " Dr. Berk says , " the best clinicians understand that there is an intrinsic physiological intervention brought about by positive emotions such as mirthful laughter , optimism and hope .
Lifestyle choices have a significant impact on health and disease and these are choices which we and the patient exercise control relative to prevention and treatment . "
Physiology is the study of how molecules , cells , tissues and organs function to create health or disease .
The American Physiological Society ( APS ; www.The-APS.org/press) has been an integral part of this discovery process since it was established in 1887 .
Lusitania 's Secret Cargo Volume 62 Number 1 , January / February 2009 by Erin Mullally
The nearly century - old debate about whether the passenger liner Lusitania was transporting British war munitions when torpedoed by a German U - boat is over .
Physical evidence of just such a cargo has been recovered from the wreck , which rests 12 miles off the Irish coast in 300 feet of murky , turbulent water .
Bullets from the ship now confirm it was carrying military cargo .
( Courtesy Eoin McGarry )
Lusitania was sunk off County Cork on May 7 , 1915 .
The attack killed 1,198 people , including 128 Americans , and helped push the United States into World War I .
Ever since the ship went down , there have been suspicions that Lusitania was carrying live munitions .
Under the rules of war , that would have made the liner a legitimate target , as the Germans maintained at the time .
The British government has always been evasive about the presence of munitions on Lusitania .
Two cargo manifests were submitted ; the second , filed after the ship sailed , indicated there were light munitions on board .
Some believe the ship was carrying much more , however , and that the British Navy attempted to destroy the wreck in the 1950s to conceal its military cargo .
Now a team led by County Waterford - based diver Eoin McGarry , on behalf of Lusitania 's American owner , Gregg Bemis , has recovered live ammunition from the wreck .
Bemis was granted a five - year license in 2007 by the Irish government to conduct limited excavations at the site .
He originally bought the vessel in 1968 for $ 2,400 from the Liverpool & London War Risks Insurance Association .
This past September , Bemis 's team used a remotely operated vehicle to penetrate the wreck .
They were able to clearly identify a vast amount of ammunition in an area of Lusitania not believed to have carried cargo .
The Remington .303 caliber bullets the team discovered on the ship had been used by the British military during World War I .
Ten of the bullets were brought to the surface .
" Further research needs to be conducted , but if the discovered ammunition was found in an area where cargo was not known to be stored on board , it strongly supports the argument that the Lusitania was functioning as more than a passenger liner , " says Fionnbar Moore , senior archaeologist with the Underwater Archaeology Unit of the Irish Department of Environment , which monitored the dive .
The bullets are in the hands of Irish authorities , who under maritime law are now responsible for establishing their owner .
Further expeditions will search for additional evidence of munitions .
" The charge that the Lusitania was carrying war materiel is valid , " says Bemis .
" She was a legitimate target for the German submarine . "
Information
Filename : Farside.jpg
Size : 1308x1800
Uploaded : 2009-03-09
Tags
farside pink
Popular tags on the site
wallpaper yuko invasion ryushin_15 megaten emma shevington ryushin_09 ranma cia 1nsane sprites cheerleader bonton hr_giger death_note family dubai krystal soepkip forza himos fxc 1999 renee rwpeuro2006 bier chubby mariage glastonbury ebooks avril ryushin_ 14 falco manga cat magic stephy jessica spain rippenspreizer rx7 comic giger smashing ka_series_l dilbert donnamodelo.com paintball
Removal
The picture is uploaded by a user of this site .
The site has no responsibility for it .
If this image is illegal , please send an e-mail to abuse ( and put ILLEGAL + URL in the subject ) .
We will not remove any pictures that are just immoral or in any way legal to host under Swedish law .
Closer to the eye of the shooter , this is because Preview is quite literally applying a filter to each individual page of the PDF you are saving .
the proce ...
3 years ago
As I opened up an e-copy of the Washington Times today , the headline read : " Federal agency warns of radicals on right . "
Many have talked about this and Karen DeCoster in today 's LRC blog here mentioned this report .
Fox News , Drudge and many other " conservative " commentators are up in arms claiming that this is a direct attack against conservatives .
I beg to differ .
It is an attack against Americans !
The Department of Homeland Security is warning " law enforcement officials " ( jackbooted criminal types ) about a rise in " rightwing extremist activity , " but a footnote in this report by the Homeland Security Office of Intelligence and Analysis defines rightwing extremism as " including not just racist or hate groups , but also groups that ( do n't miss this part ) reject federal authority in favor of state or local authority . "
If I 'm interpreting this correctly , this report is going after anyone who dares to question federal authority .
This would put libertarians directly in the government 's crosshairs .
In fact , I have been against federal authority my entire life , so am I a prime target ?
In addition , this report was sent to police and sheriff 's departments all over the country .
This is after thousands of combat troops have taken up permanent residence as domestic police , with thousands more on the way .
This sounds like nothing more than a recipe for tyranny .
The government 's destruction of liberty has been with us for generations , but due to the incremental nature of this assault on freedom in the past most paid little attention .
But now our liberty is being pushed aside like a bulldozer mowing over anthills .
Is anyone other than LRC readers and small ( l ) libertarians watching ?
In the past I have talked about illegal wiretapping , illegal spying , government / private spying partnerships ( Infragard ) , thought crime legislation , financial transaction monitoring , anti-money laundering legislation , immoral taxation policies and privacy invasions among many other government indiscretions , and many thought that I was too negative or too cynical .
I even wrote an article about pending legislation that would allow government to round us all up and put us in federal camps .
Now , after just recently seeing the leaked Missouri MIAC Strategic Report , The Department of Homeland Security is informing police to be on the lookout for any who would not be in favor of federal authority .
Orwell as prognosticator has been well vindicated ; more so than even he probably could have imagined .
I write this today after just learning this morning that in Billings , Montana ( population 100,000 ) the Yellowstone County Sheriff ’s Department rolled out its new 13 - foot tall , 35,000 - pound Ballistic Engineered Armored Response vehicle ( BEAR ) purchased with , you guessed it , a Homeland Security grant .
It is to be used by not only the sheriff 's department but also by the Billings Police Department .
They got this war machine just in time to tame those who are not in favor of federal authority .
It is bullet - proof , has 2 - inch shatterproof glass and gun ports on both sides .
This idiocy is going on all over the country , and why more are n't fearful of the danger of this military arming of local police I do n't know .
In order for the normal citizenry to defend themselves from this onslaught of military weaponry , rifles and shotguns will need to be traded in for bazookas and hand - held rocket launchers .
Unfortunately , these are still illegal .
All the federal government 's offensive and defensive mechanisms are being put in place while the lowly sheep await the slaughter .
More economic tensions with more unemployment along with over - zealous police thugs bent on revenue creation ; what will be the straw that breaks the proverbial camel 's back ?
What will it take before civil unrest is not just discussed on talk shows , but is evident in the streets of America ?
How much unrest will be tolerated by the now fully armed military - type police before they become physical ?
If you want to continue to hide your head in the sand , do n't dare connect these dots !
We now have militarized police , combat soldiers on our streets , war - zone materials and weaponry in the hands of domestic government agents , FEMA camps , and a neutered rule of law .
These atrocious changes have happened quickly , and at a time of civil restlessness .
Is this a coincidence ?
I think not .
Everything happens for a reason , and this time that reason is easy to spot .
Are you looking ?
If not , you had better open your eyes soon !
April 17 , 2009
The Best of Gary D. Barnett
Influenza A( H1N1 )
Ladies and gentlemen ,
Based on assessment of all available information , and following several expert consultations , I have decided to raise the current level of influenza pandemic alert from phase 4 to phase 5 .
Influenza pandemics must be taken seriously precisely because of their capacity to spread rapidly to every country in the world .
On the positive side , the world is better prepared for an influenza pandemic than at any time in history .
Preparedness measures undertaken because of the threat from H5N1 avian influenza were an investment , and we are now benefitting from this investment .
For the first time in history , we can track the evolution of a pandemic in real - time .
I thank countries who are making the results of their investigations publicly available .
This helps us understand the disease .
I am impressed by the work being done by affected countries as they deal with the current outbreaks .
I also want to thank the governments of the USA and Canada for their support to WHO , and to Mexico .
Let me remind you .
New diseases are , by definition , poorly understood .
Influenza viruses are notorious for their rapid mutation and unpredictable behaviour .
WHO and health authorities in affected countries will not have all the answers immediately , but we will get them .
WHO will be tracking the pandemic at the epidemiological , clinical , and virological levels .
The results of these ongoing assessments will be issued as public health advice , and made publicly available .
All countries should immediately activate their pandemic preparedness plans .
Countries should remain on high alert for unusual outbreaks of influenza - like illness and severe pneumonia .
At this stage , effective and essential measures include heightened surveillance , early detection and treatment of cases , and infection control in all health facilities .
This change to a higher phase of alert is a signal to governments , to ministries of health and other ministries , to the pharmaceutical industry and the business community that certain actions should now be undertaken with increased urgency , and at an accelerated pace .
I have reached out to donor countries , to UNITAID , to the GAVI Alliance , the World Bank and others to mobilize resources .
I have reached out to companies manufacturing antiviral drugs to assess capacity and all options for ramping up production .
I have also reached out to influenza vaccine manufacturers that can contribute to the production of a pandemic vaccine .
The biggest question , right now , is this : how severe will the pandemic be , especially now at the start ?
It is possible that the full clinical spectrum of this disease goes from mild illness to severe disease .
We need to continue to monitor the evolution of the situation to get the specific information and data we need to answer this question .
From past experience , we also know that influenza may cause mild disease in affluent countries , but more severe disease , with higher mortality , in developing countries .
No matter what the situation is , the international community should treat this as a window of opportunity to ramp up preparedness and response .
Above all , this is an opportunity for global solidarity as we look for responses and solutions that benefit all countries , all of humanity .
After all , it really is all of humanity that is under threat during a pandemic .
As I have said , we do not have all the answers right now , but we will get them .
Thank you .
Remember when you first tried to parse text ?
My early BASIC programs were littered with IF statements that dissected strings using LEFT $ , RIGHT $ , MID $ , TRIM $ , and UCASE $ .
It took me hours to write a program that parsed a simple text file .
Just trying to support whitespace and mixed casing was enough to drive me crazy .
Years later when I started programming in Java , I discovered the StringTokenizer class .
I thought it was a huge leap forward .
I no longer had to worry about whitespace .
However , I still had to use functions like “ substring ” and “ toUpperCase ” , but I thought that was as good as it could get .
And then one day I found regular expressions .
I almost cried when I realized that I could replace parsing code that took me hours to write with a simple regular expression .
It still took me several years to become comfortable with the syntax , but the learning curve was worth the power obtained .
And yet with all of this love , I still had this nagging suspicion that I was doing it wrong .
After reading Pragmatic Thinking and Learning , I was determined to try to imagine what life was like inside the code I wrote .
But I just could n’t connect with a regular expression .
The last straw came recently when I was trying to help a coworker craft a regex to properly handle name / value string pairs with escaped strings .
In the end , our regex worked , but I felt that it was duct - taped together .
I knew there was a better way .
I picked up a copy of Jeffrey Friedl ’s book “ Mastering Regular Expressions ” and could n’t put it down .
In less than a week , I had flown through 400 + pages and had finally started to feel like I understood how regular expressions worked .
I finally had a sense for what backtracking really meant and I had a better idea for how a regex could go catastrophically out of control .
I had extremely high hopes for chapter 9 which covered the .NET regular expression “ flavor . ”
Since I work with .NET every day , I thought this would be the best chapter .
I did learn a few things like how to properly use RegexOptions .
ExplicitCapture , how to use the special per-match replacement sequences that Regex .
Replace offers , how to save compiled regular expressions to a DLL , and how to match balanced parentheses – a feat that ’s theoretically not possible with a regex .
Despite learning all of this in the chapter , I still did n’t feel that I could “ connect ” with the very .NET regular expression engine that I know and love .
To be fair , the vast benefit of the book comes from the first six chapters that deal with how regular expressions work in general since regex implementations share many ideas .
The book laid a solid foundation , but I wanted more .
I wanted to stop all my hand - waving at regular expressions and actually understand how they really work .
I knew I wanted to drill into the code .
Although tools like Reflector are amazing , I knew I wanted to see the actual code .
It ’s fairly easy now to step into the framework source code in the debugger .
Unlike understanding the details of locking , which had me dive into C++ and x86 assembly , it was refreshing to see that the .NET regular expression engine was written entirely in C# .
I decided to use a really simple regular expression and search string and then follow it from cradle to grave .
If you ’d like to follow along at home , I ’ve linked to relevant lines in the .NET regular expression source code .
My very simple regex consisted of looking for a basic URL :
string textToSearch = " Welcome to http://www.moserware.com/! " ; string regexPattern = @ " http://([^\s / ]+ ) / ? "
; Match m = Regex .
Match ( textToSearch , regexPattern ) ; Console .
WriteLine ( " Full uri = ' {0} ' " , m . Value ) ; Console .
WriteLine ( " Host =' {0} ' " , m .
Groups [ 1 ] . Value ) ;
Our journey begins at Regex .
Match where we checking an internal cache of the past 15 regex values to see if there a match for :
" 0:ENU : http://([ ^\\s/]+ ) / ? "
This is a compact representation of :
RegexOptions : Culture : Regex pattern
The regex does n’t find this in the cache , so it starts scanning the pattern .
Note that out of respect for the authors , our regex pattern does n’t have any comments or whitespace in it :
//
It would be nice to get rid of the comment modes , since the // ScanBlank ( ) calls are just kind of duct - taped in .
We start creating an internal tree representation of the regex by adding a multi-character ( aka “ Multi ” ) node to contain the “ http : / / ” part .
Next , we see that the scanner made it to first real capture :
http:// ( [ ^\s / ] + ) /?
This capture contains a character class that says that we do n’t want to match spaces or a forward slash .
It is converted into an obscure five character string :
" \x1\x2\x1\x2F\x30\x64 "
Later we ’ll see why it had to all fit in one string , but for now we can use a helpful comment to decode each character :
Offset Hex Value Meaning 0 0x01
The set should be negated 1 0x02
There are two characters in the character part of the set 2 0x01 There is one Unicode category 3 0x2 F
Inclusive lower - bound of the character set .
It ’s a ‘ /’ in Unicode 4 0x30 Exclusive upper - bound of the character set .
It ’s a ‘ 0 ’ in Unicode 5 0x64
This is a magic number that means the “ Space ” category .
Before I realized that this string had meaning , I was utterly confused .
As we continue scanning , we find a ‘+’ quantifier :
http://([^\\s/] + )/?
This is noted as a Oneloop node since it ’s a “ loop ” of what came before ( e.g. the character class set ) .
It has arguments of 1 and Int32 .
MaxValue to denote 1 or more matches .
We see that the next character is n’t a ‘?’ , so we can assert this is not a lazy match which means it ’s a greedy match .
The first group is recorded when we hit the ‘ ) ’ character .
At the end of the pattern , we note a One ( character ) node for the ‘/’ and we see it ’s followed by a ‘?’ which is just another quantifier , this time with a minimum of 0 and a maximum of 1 .
All those nodes come together to give us this “ RegexTree : ”
We still need to convert the tree to code that the regular expression “ machine ” can execute later .
The bulk of the work is done by an aptly named RegexCodeFromRegex
Tree function that has a decent comment :
/* * The top level RegexCode generator .
It does a depth - first walk * through the tree and calls EmitFragment to emits code before * and after each child of an interior node , and at each leaf .
* *
It runs two passes , first to count the size of the generated * code , and second to generate the code .
* * < CONSIDER > we need to time it against the alternative , which is * to just generate the code and grow the array as we go .
</ CONSIDER > ; */
I love the anonymous “ CONSIDER ” comment and would have had a similar reaction .
Instead of using an ArrayList or List < int > to store the op codes , which can automatically resize as needed , the code diligently goes through the entire RegexTree twice .
The class is peppered with “ if( _counting ) ” expressions that just increase a counter by the size they will use in the next pass .
As predicted by the comment , the bulk of the work is done by the 250 line switch statement that makes up the EmitFragment function .
This function breaks up RegexTree “ fragments ” and converts them to a simpler RegexCode .
The first fragment is :
This is shorthand for emitting the RegexCode that should come before the children of the top level “ RegexNode .
Capture ” node that represents group 0 and that goes until the end of the string ( e.g. has length - 1 ) .
The last 0 means that it ’s the 0th child of the parent node ( this is sort of meaningless since it has no parent ) .
The subsequent calls walk the rest of the tree :
The reward for all this work is an integer array that describes the RegexCode “ op codes ” and their arguments .
You can see that some instructions like “ Setrep ” take a string argument .
These arguments point to offsets in a string table .
This is why it was critical to pack everything about a set into the obscure string we saw earlier .
It was the only way to pass that information to the instruction .
Decoding the code array , we see :
Index Instruction Op Code / Argument String Table Reference Description 0 Lazybranch 23 Lazily branch to the Stop instruction at offset 21 .
1 21 2 Setmark 31
Push our current state onto a stack in case we need to backtrack later .
3 Multi 12 Perform a multi-character match of string table item 0 which is ' http://'. 4 0 " http:// " 5 Setmark 31
Push our current state onto a stack in case we need to backtrack later .
6 Setrep 2
Perform a set repetition match of length 1 on the set stored at string table position 1 , which represents [ ^\s / ] .
7 1 " \x1\x2\x1\x2F\x30\x64 " 8 1 9 Setloop 5
Match the set [ ^\s / ] in a loop at most Int32 .
MaxValue times .
10 1 " \x1\x2\x1\x2F\x30\x64 " 11 2147483647 12 Capturemark 32 Capture into group # 1 , the string between the mark set by the last Setmark and the current position .
13 1 14 - 1 15 Oneloop 3 Match Unicode character 47 ( a '/' ) in a loop for a maximum of 1 time .
16 47 17 1 18 Capturemark 32 Capture into group # 0 , the contents between the first Setmark instruction and the current position .
19 0 20 - 1 21 Stop 40
Stop the regex .
We can now see that our regex has turned into a simple “ program ” that will be executed later .
Prefix Optimizations
We could stop here , but we ’d miss the fun “ optimizations . ”
With our pattern and search string , the optimizations will actually slow things down , but the code generator is oblivious to that .
The basic idea behind prefix optimizations is to quickly jump to where the match might start .
It does this by using a RegexFCD class that I ’m guessing stands for “ Regex First Character Descriptor . ”
With our regex , the FirstChars functions notices our “ http : / / ” ‘ Multi ’ node and determines that any match must start with an ‘h ’ .
If we had alternations , the first character of each alternation would be added to make a limited set of potential first characters .
With this optimization alone , we can skip all characters in the text that are n’t in this approved “ white list ” of first characters without having to execute any of the above RegexCode .
But wait … there ’s an even trickier optimization !
The optimizer discovers that the first thing the regex must match is a simple string literal : a ‘ Multi ’ node .
This means that we can use the RegexBoyerMoore class which applies the Boyer - Moore search algorithm .
The key insight is that we do n’t have to check each character of the text .
We only need to look at last character to see if it ’s even worth checking the rest .
For example , if our sample text is “ Welcome to http://www.moserware.com/!” and we ’re searching for “ http : / / ” which is 7 characters , we first look at the 7th character of the text which is ‘e ’ .
Since ‘e ’ is not the 7th character of what we ’re looking for ( which is a ‘/’ ) , we know that there could n’t possibly be a match and so we do n’t need to bother checking all previous 6 characters because there is n’t even an ‘e ’ in what we ’re looking for .
The tricky part is what to do if the what we find is in the string that we ’re trying to match , but it is n’t the last ‘/’ character .
The specifics are handled in straightforward way with some minor optimizations to reduce memory needs given 65,000 + possible Unicode characters .
For each character , the maximum possible skip is calculated .
For “ http : // ” , we come up with this skip table :
Character Characters to skip ahead / 0 : 2 h 6 p 3 t 4 all others 7
This table tells us that if we find an ‘ e ’ then we can skip ahead 7 characters without even checking the previous 6 characters .
If we find a ‘ p ’ , then we can skip ahead at least 3 characters before performing a full check , and if we find a ‘/’ then we could be on the last character and need to check other characters ( e.g. skip ahead 0 ) .
There is one more optimization that looks for anchors , but none apply to our regex , so it ’s ignored .
We ’re done !
We made it to the end of the RegexWriter phase .
The “ RegexCode ” internal representation consists of these critical parts :
The regex code we created .
The string table derived from the regex that the code uses ( e.g. our “ Multi ” and “ Setrep ” instructions have string table references ) .
The maximum size of our backtracking stack .
( Ours is 7 , this will make more sense later . )
A mapping of named captures to their group numbers .
( We do n’t have any in our regex , so this is empty . )
The total number of captures .
( We have 2 . ) The RegexBoyer Moore prefix that we calculated .
( This applies to us since we have a string literal at the start . )
The possible first characters in our prefix .
( In our case , we calculated this to be an ‘ h ’. )
Our anchors .
( We do n’t have any . )
An indicator whether this should be a RightToLeft match .
( In our case , we use the default which is false . )
Every regex passes through this step .
It applies to our measly regex with a code size of 21 as much as it does to a gnarly RFC2822 compliant regex that has 175 .
These nine items completely describe everything that we ’ll do with our regex and they never change .
In need of an interpreter
Now that we have the RegexCode , the match method will run and create a RegexRunner which is the “ driver ” for the regex matching process .
Since we did n’t specify the “ Compiled ” flag , we ’ll use the RegexInterpreter runner .
Before the interpreter starts scanning , it notices that we have a valid Boyer - Moore prefix optimization and it uses it to quickly locate the start of the regex :
Index 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 Character
W e l c o m e t o h t t p : / / w w w . m o s e r w a r e . c o m / !
Scan Order 1 9 8 2 & 7 6 5 4 3
It first looks at the 7th character and finds an ‘ e ’ instead of the ‘/’ that it wanted .
The skip table tells it that ‘e ’ is n’t in any possible match , so it jumps ahead 7 more characters where it finds a ‘ t ’ .
The skip table tells it to jump ahead 4 more characters where it finally finds the ‘/’ it wanted .
It then verifies that this is the last character of our “ http : / / ” prefix .
With a valid prefix found , we prepare for a match in case we ’re lucky and the rest of the regex matches .
The bulk of the interpreter is in its “ Go ” method which is a 700 line switch statement that interprets the RegexCode we created earlier .
The only interesting part is that the interpreter keeps two stacks to keep its state in case it needs to backtrack and abandon a path it took .
The “ run stack ” records where in the search string an operation begins while the “ run track ” records the RegexCode instruction that could potentially backtrack .
Any time there is a chance that the interpreter could go down a wrong path , it pushes its state onto these stacks so that it can potentially try something else later .
On our string , the following instructions execute :
Lazybranch -
This is a branch that is “ lazy . ”
It will only occur if we fail and have to backtrack to this instruction .
In case there are problems , we push 11 ( the string offset to the start of “ http : / / ” ) onto the “ run stack ” and 0 ( the RegexCode offset for this instruction ) onto the “ run track . ”
The branch is to code offset 21 which is the “ Stop ” instruction .
Setmark -
We save our position in case we have to backtrack .
Multi - A multi-character match .
The string to match is at offset 0 in the string table ( which is “ http : / / ” ) .
Setmark - Another position save in case of a backtrack .
Since the Multi code succeeded , we push our “ run stack ” offset of 18 ( the start of “ www . ” ) and our “ run track ” code position of 5 Setrep - Loads the “ \x1\x2\x1\x2F\x30\x64 ” set representation at offset 1 in the string table that we calculated earlier .
It reads an operand from the execution stack that we should verify that the set repeats exactly once .
It calls CharInClassRecursive that does the following :
It sees that the first character , ‘ w ’ , is not in the character range [’/’ , ‘ 0 ’ ) .
This check corresponds to the ‘ /’ in the “ [ ^\s / ] ” part of the regex .
It next tries CharInCategory which notes that ‘ w ’ is part of the “ LowercaseLetter ” UnicodeCategory .
The magic number 0x64 in our set tells us to do a Char .
IsWhiteSpace check on it .
This too fails .
Although both checks fail , the interpreter sees that it needs to flip the result since it is a negated ( ^ ) set .
This makes the character class match succeed .
Setloop - A “ loop ” instruction is like a “ rep ” one except that it is n’t forced to match anything .
In our case , we see that we loop for a maximum of Int32 .
MaxValue times on the same set we saw in “ Setrep . ”
Here you can see that the code generation phase turned the “ + ” in “ [ ^\s / ] + ” of the regex into a Setrep of 1 followed by a Setloop .
This is equivalent to “ [ ^\s / ] [ ^\s / ] * ” .
The loop keeps chomping characters until it finds the ‘ /’ which causes it to call BackwardNext ( ) which sets the current position to just before the final ‘/’. CaptureMark -
Here we start capturing group 1 by popping the “ run stack ” which gives us 18 .
Our current offset is 35 .
We capture the string between these two positions , “ www.moserware.com”, and keep it for later use in case the entire regex succeeds .
Oneloop -
Here we do a loop at most one time that will check for the ‘ /’ character .
It succeeds .
CaptureMark -
We capture into group 0 the value between the offset on the “ run stack ” , which is 11 ( the start of “ http : / / ” ) , and the last character of the string at offset 36 .
The string between these offsets is “ http://www.moserware.com/”.
Stop -
We ’re done executing RegexCode and can stop the interpreter .
Since we stopped with successful captures , the Match is declared a success .
Sure enough , if we look at our console window , we see :
Full uri = ' http://www.moserware.com/'
Host ='www.moserware.com'
Backtracking Down Unhappy Paths
I can hear the cursing shouts of ^# !@.*#!$ from the regex mob coming towards me .
They ’re miffed that I used a toy regular expression with a pathetically easy search text that did n’t do anything “ interesting . ”
The mob really should n’t be that worried .
We already have all the essential tools we need to understand how things work .
One common issue that you have to deal with in a “ real ” regular expression is backtracking .
Let ’s say you have a search text and pattern like this :
string text =
" This text has 1 digit in it " ; string pattern = @ " .* \d " ; Regex .
Match ( text , pattern ) ;
You ’d recognize the parse tree :
The only thing new about it is that the ‘.’ pattern was translated into a “ Notone ” node that matches anything except one particular character ( in our case , a line feed ) .
We see that the set follows the obscure , but compact representation .
The only thing new to report is that ‘ \x09 ’ is the magic number to represent all Unicode digits ( which the Turkey Test showed is more than just [ 0 - 9 ] ) .
It ’s painful to watch the regex interpreter work so hard for this match .
The “ .* ” puts it in a Notoneloop that goes right to the end of the string since it does n’t find a line feed (‘
’ ) .
It then looks for the Set that represents “ \d ” and it fails .
It has no choice but to backtrack by executing the “ RegexCode.Notoneloop | RegexCode .Back ” composite instruction which backtracks one character by resetting the “ run track ” to be the Set instruction again , but this time it will start one character earlier .
Even in our insanely simple search string , the interpreter has to backtrack by executing “ RegexCode.Notoneloop | RegexCode .Back ” and retesting the Set a total of thirteen times .
An almost identical process occurs if we had used a lazy match regular expression like “.*?\d ” .
The difference is that it does a “ Notonelazy ” instruction and then gets caught up in a “ RegexCode.Notonelazy | RegexCode .Back ” backtrack and Set match attempt that happens fourteen times .
Each iteration of the loop causes the “ Notonelazy ” instruction to add one more character instead of removing one like the “ Notoneloop ” instruction had to .
This is typical :
In situations where the decision is between “ make an attempt ” and “ skip an attempt , ” as with items governed by quantifiers , the engine always chooses to first make the attempt for greedy quantifiers , and to first skip the attempt for lazy ( non-greedy ) ones .
Mastering Regular Expressions , p.159
If we had a little more empathy for the regex interpreter , we would have written “ [ ^\d ] * \d ” and avoided all the backtracking , but it would n’t have shown this common error .
Alternations such as “ hello|world ” are handled with backtracking .
Before each alternative is attempted , the current position is saved on the “ run track ” and “ run stack . ”
If the alternate fails , the regex engine resets the position to what it was before the alternate was tried and the next alternate is attempted .
Now , we can even understand how more advanced concepts like atomic grouping work .
If we use a regex like :
\w + :
to match the names of email headers as in :
Subject : Hello World !
Things will work well .
The problem will come when we try to match against
Subject
We already know that there is going to be a backtracking since “ \w + ” will match the whole string and then backtracking will occur as the interpreter desperately tries to match a ‘:’.
If we used atomic grouping , as in :
(?>\w+ ) :
We would see that the generated RegexCode has two extra instructions of Setjump and Forejump in it .
These instructions tell the interpreter to do unconditional jumps after matching the “ \w + ” .
As the comment for “ Forejump ” indicates , these unconditional jumps will “ zap backtracking state ” and be much more efficient for a failed match since backtracking wo n’t occur .
Loose Ends
There are some minor details left .
The first time you use any regex , a lot of work goes on initializing all the character classes that are stored as static variables .
If you just timed a single Regex , your numbers would be highly skewed by this process .
Another common issue is whether you should use the RegexOptions .
Compiled flag .
Compiling is handled by the RegexCompiler class .
The interesting aspects of the IL code generation is handled exactly like the interpreter , as indicated by this comment :
/* * The main translation function .
It translates the logic for a single opcode at * the current position .
The structure of this function exactly mirrors * the structure of the inner loop of RegexInterpreter .
Go ( ) .
* * The C# code from RegexInterpreter .
Go( ) that corresponds to each case is * included as a comment .
* * Note that since we 're generating code , we can collapse many cases that are * dealt with one - at - a - time in RegexIntepreter .
We can also unroll loops that * iterate over constant strings or sets .
*/
We can see that there is some optimization in the generated code .
The down side is that we have to generate all the code regardless of if we use all of it or not .
The interpreter only uses what it needs .
Additionally , unless we use Regex .
CompileToAssembly to save the compiled code to a DLL , we ’ll end up doing the entire process of creating the parse tree , RegexCode , and code generation at runtime .
Thus , for most cases , it seems that RegexOptions .
Compiled is n’t worth the effort .
But it ’s good to keep in mind that there are exceptions when performance is critical and your regex can benefit from it ( otherwise , why have the option at all ? ) .
Another option is RegexOptions .
IgnoreCase that makes everything case insensitive .
The vast majority of the process stays the same .
The only difference is that all instructions that compare characters will convert each System .
Char to lower case , mostly using the Char .
ToLower method .
This sounds reasonable , but it ’s not quite perfect .
For example , in Koine Greek , the word for “ moth ” goes from uppercase to lowercase like this :
That is , in Greek , when a “ sigma ” ( Σ ) appears in lowercase at the end of a word , it uses a different letter ( ς ) than if it appeared anywhere else ( σ ) .
RegexOptions .
IgnoreCase can’t handle cases that need more context than a single System .
Char even though the string comparison functions can handle this .
Consider this example :
string mothLower = " σή ς " ; string mothUpper = mothLower .
ToUpper ( ) ; // " ΣΉΣ " bool strings AreEqualIgnoreCase = mothUpper .
Equals ( mothLower , StringComparison . CurrentCultureIgnoreCase ) ; // true bool strings AreEqualRegex = Regex .
IsMatch ( mothLower , mothUpper , RegexOptions .
IgnoreCase ) ; // false
This also means that .
NET ’s Regex wo n’t do well with characters outside the Basic Multilingual Plane that need to be represented by more than one System .
Char as a “ surrogate pair . ”
I bring all of these “ cases ” up because it obviously troubled one of the Regex programmers who wrote this comment twice :
// We do the ToLower character by character for consistency .
With surrogate chars , doing // a ToLower on the entire string could actually change the surrogate pair .
This is more correct // linguistically , but since Regex does n't support surrogates , it 's more important to be // consistent .
You can tell the author was fully anticipating the bug reports that eventually came as a result of this decision .
Unfortunately , due to the way the code is structured , changing this behavior would take a hefty overhaul of the engine and would require a massive amount of regression testing .
I ’m guessing this is the reason why it wo n’t be coming in a service pack anytime soon .
The last interesting option that affects most of the code is RegexOptions .
RightToLeft .
For the most part , this affects where the searching starts and how a “ bump ” is applied .
When the engine wants to move forward or get the characters to the “ right ” , it checks this option to see if it should move +1 or - 1 character from the current position .
It ’s a simple idea , but its implementation is with many “ if ( !runrtl ) ” statements spread throughout the code .
Finally , you might be interested in how Mono ’s regular expression compares with Microsoft’s .
The good news is that the code is also available online as well .
In general , Mono ’s implementation is very similar .
Here are some of the ( minor ) differences :
Mono ’s parse tree has a similar shape , but it uses more strongly typed classes .
For example , sets such as [ ^\s / ] are given their own class rather than encoded as a single string .
The Boyer - Moore prefix optimization is done in the QuickSearch class .
It is calculated at run-time and is only used if the search string is longer than 5 characters .
The regex machine does n’t have a separate string table for referencing strings like “ http : / / ” .
Each character is passed in as an argument to the instruction .
Conclusion
Weighing in around 14,000 lines of code , .NET ’s regular expression engine takes awhile to digest .
After getting over the shock of its size , it was relatively straightforward to understand .
Seeing the real source code , with its occasional funny comments , provided insight that Reflector simply could n’t offer .
In the end , we see that a .NET regular expression pattern is simply a compact representation for its internal RegexCode machine language .
This whole process has allowed me to finally connect with regular expressions and give them a splash of empathy .
Seeing the horror of backtracking first hand in the debugger was enough for me to want to do everything in my power to get rid of it .
Following the translation process down to the RegexCode level clued me into how my regex pattern will actually execute .
Feeling the wind fly by a regex using the Boyer - Moore prefix optimization has encouraged me to do whatever I can to put string literals at the front of a pattern .
It ’s all these little things that add up to a blazingly fast regular expression .
If you ever wondered just how serious the US takes its security policies , then read on , because even people on the terrorist watch list that are flying over the US are enough of a threat to force a plane to divert .
An Air France flight from Paris to Mexico had to make an unscheduled stop in Martinique when US air traffic controllers notified the jet that it would not be receiving permission to fly over US airspace .
That ’s right – the plane was not en route to the US , just passing over some of it , on its way to Mexico .
On board the plane was Colombian Journalist Hernando Calvo Ospina , who works for Le Monde Diplomatique .
What makes the whole incident even more interesting is that Air France had only sent its passenger manifest to the Mexicans , but now it is clear that Mexico shares this information with the United States .
Hernando Calvo Ospina has written articles about the United States involvement in Latin America , and is currently writing a book about he CIA .
The exact reason for him being on the terrorist watch list is unknown , and we ’ll probably never know what criteria are used for adding people to it .
Air France is considering asking the United States for compensation .
Good luck with that .
Update : A commenter left this link to a detailed descrption of what happened , written by the “ terrorist ” himself .
India to Launch $ 10 Laptop Computer
February 4th , 2009 by Andrew Williams
[ social_buttons ]
Indian designers have announced plans to launch a laptop that will cost an astonishing $ 10 ( 500 Rupees ) .
A prototype of the computer , to be known as Sakshat , ( meaning ‘ before your eyes ’ ) , will shortly be showcased by the Indian government as the centerpiece of an ambitious e-learning programme linking 18,000 colleges and 400 universities across the sub-continent .
The intention is that the laptop will revolutionize student access to lectures , coursework and specialist help as part of a new Rs46bn “ national mission for education . ”
According to Prabhakar Rao , vice - chancellor of the university in Andhra Pradesh , where the Sakshat will be launched , the government is “ looking to get the hardware and software cheaper .
In a developing country , costs have to be kept low so that the maximum number of students will benefit .
That means cheap computers and cheap broadband access , so that students get access to e-books and e-journals . ”
The Sakshat was designed by scientists at the Vellore Institute of Technology , the Indian Institute of Science in Bangalore , the Indian Institute of Technology in Madras and the state - controlled Semiconductor Complex .
It features 2GB of RAM , as well as wireless connectivity .
In an attempt to keep costs low , experts say it is unlikely to use Microsoft Windows software .
Authors Note – Since the news was released by the Indian government , there has been speculation , now confirmed by the Times of India , that instead of a stand - alone laptop , the Sakshat is in fact only a ‘ computing device . ’
However , it has also been announced that the machine could form the ‘ backbone ’ of a laptop costing around $ 60 .
Image Credit – One Laptop Per Child via flickr on a Creative Commons license
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Table of Contents
( If you do n’t have a lot of time , try a random story . )
Thoughtcrime Experiments is a free 2009 anthology of fantasy and science fiction stories and art , published under a Creative Commons license .
Get it
The anthology is available online as HTML ( above ) , as a downloadable PDF , or as a print - on - demand physical book for $ 5.09 .
It 's also available in mobile editions :
Source material
Here 's a zip file containing high - resolution versions of all the art used in the anthology .
Here ’s the original OpenOffice Write file used to generate the PDF and the print - on - demand book .
Here ’s a zip file containing this website .
If you do something cool with this raw material , let us know at thoughtcrime.experiments@gmail.com .
Keep circulating the tapes !
Table of contents
This article extends optparse ‘s documentation .
optparse is a Python ’s module that allows your program to easily parse command line options it receives .
In addition , it takes care of some of the very common tasks , such as handling -h command line option .
optparse is one of those modules that are an absolutely must have for almost every project .
However , because we start new project so seldom , it is difficult to remember all those recipes that we come up with , every time we add a new command line option .
This article is an attempt to bring together such recipes .
optparse ‘s official documentation lacks some very important information .
On the contrary to official documentation , in this document I am trying to give you more hands - on kind of documentation .
This article is a cookbook of things that you do with optparse most often .
What do we do with command line optionsBACK TO TOC
Every time we use optparse , we use it to do a number of things .
Obviously we want our program to support command line options .
What varies is the type of options we want to support .
Some options does n’t have additional arguments ( boolean options ) .
Others are mandatory .
Some require one or more arguments .
Finally , we may want options to depend on each other – i.e. we may want one option to depend on presence of another .
These are most common things that we would like to implement , but there are more .
Lets try to build a list of all such functionalities that we may want to implement .
Support for a standalone command line options ( boolean options ) .
Support for mandatory ( required ) options .
Support for options with one or more arguments .
Default values for options .
Dependency between options .
Grouping of options in help screen .
Customizing help screen .
However , before we dig into implementation details of each and every one of these bullets , lets see the basics of using optparse .
No matter what you do with optparse , it all starts with importing optparse and instantiating OptionParser class .
import optparse parser = optparse .
OptionParser ( )
To add an option , we should use OptionParser ‘s method called add_option ( ) .
It accepts a large number of parameters .
For now , we will see only the most basic .
We will see more advanced parameters later in this article .
Note that we should call add_option ( ) for every option that we would like our program to support .
Obviously the most important parameter tells what command line option we would like to support .
Lets say that for sake of this article we would like our little Python script to support -n command line option .
Also , we would like -n to have longer sibling –new .
–new and -n would have the same meaning , but one is shorter and the other longer and more verbose .
This is how we add these options .
parser.add_option ( '- n ' , '- - new ' )
Note that by all means this is not enough to be able to parse even simplest case of command line options .
This is only the basics .
Specifying help string for an optionBACK TO TOC
One more thing that is very common when using optparse is to give a short help string that would tell user what this particular command line option does .
optparse will print this string if user runs your program with -h .
To specify such help string pass parameter named help to add_option ( ) .
Like this :
parser.add_option ( '- n ' , '- - new ' , help =' creates a new object ' )
Telling optparse to parse argumentsBACK TO TOC
Once we ’ve added all the options we want our program to support , we should tell optparse that it is time to do actual parsing .
This is how we do it .
( opts , args ) = parser.parse_args ( )
parse_args ( ) method returns a tuple of objects .
First object , opts , contains all values we ’ve received via command line .
We will learn how to use this later in the article .
args is a list of words that contain everything that left after options that parser recognizes .
This is useful if you want your program to support indefinite number of arguments – like in cp or mv Unix commands , where you specify options first and then a long list of files to copy / move , followed by a destination directory .
This is how our script looks like so far .
#!/usr /bin/python import optparse parser = optparse .
OptionParser ( ) parser.add_option ( '- n ' , '- - new ' , help =' creates a new object ' ) ( opts , args ) = parser.parse_args ( )
Running it with -h command line option , would produce following result .
alex ~/works/args -> ./args.py -h Usage : args.py [ options ]
Options : -h , -- help show this help message and exit -n NEW , --new=NEW creates a new object alex ~/ works / args ->
args.py is the name I had given to the script .
Take this little nice help screen .
Note that we did n’t do a thing to make it appear .
This is where power of optparse begins .
What we saw until now were common things that you do with optparse to operate it .
No matter what options you would like your program to support and what are relationships between the options , you have to instantiate OptionParser and have to call parse_args ( ) method .
However , few methods that we ’ve seen so far , are useless by themselves .
We use them to do more specific things , which we will study in this section of the article .
Support for a standalone command line optionsBACK TO TOC
I call such options boolean options because eventually we want some boolean variable to indicate if optparse saw the option or not .
For the sake of the demonstration , lets say we want our script to support - b option .
When this option is specified , we want some variable to be True .
This is how we do it .
parser.add_option ('- b ' , help=' boolean option ' , dest=' bool ' , \ default = False , action= ' store_true ' ) ( opts , args ) = parser.parse_args ( )
Note three new named parameters that we ’re passing to add_option ( ) .
dest specifies the name of the variable that will hold True or False value once optparse runs into - b. default specifies default value of the variable , in case optparse does n’t find - b .
Finally action tells optparse what to do when it runs into - b. store_true action tells optparse to place
True value into bool once it detects -b .
Additional action that we may want to use called store_false .
It tells optparse to set a value of bool to False .
Note that when we use store_false , we better change default value to something other than False – otherwise you wo n’t be able to see the difference between when - b is there and it is not .
Once parse_args ( ) finishes , you can access the variable via opts.bool .
You can drop the default value of the variable .
In this case , if you do n’t specify - b command line option , value of opts.bool will be None .
optparse itself does n’t support mandatory options .
As optparse ‘s documentation states , mandatory options are a bad practice and should be avoided .
However , I think that at the end , it is your choice to make and modules such as optparse should give you the tools to do things that you want to do .
This said , this is what I usually do to have a mandatory option .
For a single variable , just do n’t set default value for it and check if opts . < variable name > is None , after opt_parse ( ) .
Like this :
parser.add_option ('- m ' , help=' mandatory option ' , dest=' man ' , action= ' store_true ' ) ( opts , args ) = parser.parse_args ( ) if opts.man is None : print " A mandatory option is missing
" parser.print_help ( ) exit ( -1 )
Obviously , when a mandatory option is missing , we want to do something about it .
This can be anything of course , but most likely you want to tell about the mistake and print a help message .
This is exactly what happens in lines 7 - 9 .
But what if you have multiple mandatory options ?
Well , we can do exactly the same , but for several options .
Lets have a look .
parser.add_option ('- m ' , help=' mandatory option ' , dest=' man ' , action=' store_true ' ) parser.add_option ('- p ' , help=' mandatory option ' , dest= ' pan ' , action= ' store_true ' ) ( opts , args ) = parser.parse_args ( ) #
Making sure all mandatory options appeared .
mandatories = [ ' man ' , ' pan ' ] for m in mandatories : if not opts.__dict__[m ] : print " mandatory option is missing
" parser.print_help ( ) exit ( -1 )
Here , we have two mandatory options : -m and - p .
In lines 9 - 14 , I build a list of all mandatory options ( represented by their destination property name ) , run through the list and see if any of them is None .
If so , it prints an error message , help message and returns .
Support for options with one or more argumentsBACK TO TOC
With optparse we can parse options with an argument and even several arguments .
This is how we do it .
parser.add_option ('- s ' , help=' arguments ' , dest=' opt_args ' , \ action= ' store ' )
This example is somewhat different from what we ’ve seen before .
Here , use an action named store .
This action , tells optparse to store option ’s argument in specified destination member of opts .
How about having an option with two or three arguments .
It is doable as well .
parser.add_option ( '- M ' , help=' multiple arguments ' , dest=' multi ' , \ action= ' store ' , nargs =2 )
As you can see , you can tell optparse how many arguments you want some option to support .
To do this , we pass nargs parameter to add_option ( ) .
Its default value is 1 .
This is why we could omit it when we registered option with a single argument .
However , if we need two or more options , nargs is a must .
In this case parse_args ( ) will place all arguments in a tuple .
I.e. after we run parse_args ( ) , opt.multi will be a tuple containing all arguments that user has passed to our program .
By default , all members of opts object will be strings .
I.e. when you specify a destination for your argument , its type is string , by default .
However , it does n’t have to be this way .
You can change the type of the destination variable for the argument by passing add_option ( ) a parameter named type .
Note that default type is string .
Despite you can always convert string into anything you want , you can ask optparse to do it for you .
This is how .
parser.add_option ('- s ' , help=' arguments ' , dest=' opt_args ' , \ action= ' store ' , type='int ' , default=10 ) parser.add_option ( '- M ' , help =' multiple arguments ' , dest=' multi ' , \ action= ' store ' , nargs =2 , type=' string ' )
Here we ’ve specified int type for -s and string type for - M .
Note default value of -s .
It should be of the same type as option itself .
Also note - M. Although optparse turns two arguments into a tuple , it does not support different types for several arguments .
So , when an option has multiple arguments , their type should be the same .
As with mandatory options , optparse does not give you much help setting dependencies between various options .
If you still want to have some relationship between options , you have to implement it manually , after parse_args ( ) is over .
Luckily this is not very difficult thing to do .
Remember how we ’ve implemented mandatory options ?
We can do the same here .
parser.add_option ( '- A ' , help=' option A ' , dest='a ' , action=' store_true ' ) parser.add_option ( '- B ' , help=' option B ' , dest='b ' , action= ' store_true ' ) ( opts , args ) = parser.parse_args ( ) if opts .b and not opts .a : print " Option B requires option A
" parser.print_help ( ) exit ( -1 )
Here , option B requires option A . If B is there , but A is missing , script will produce an error message , print help screen and exit .
optparse has a neat feature allowing you to group options .
You can create as many groups as you want .
Each group will have a short description that would appear on help screen .
Also , you can use option groups to group options inside of your program , making it easier to understand and more readable .
This is how you do it .
First , we create an option parser as we usually do .
parser = optparse .
OptionParser ( )
Next we create a new options group .
group1 = optparse .
OptionGroup ( parser , ' Options group 1 ' ) group2 = optparse .
OptionGroup ( parser , ' Options group 2 ' )
Note that to create an option group , we have to specify parser that we will use and a short description of the options in this option group .
The description will later appear in the help screen .
Now we should add the actual options .
This time however , we add them to groups instead of adding them to parser .
group1.add_option ( '- t ' , help = ' group 1 option ' , dest='t ' , \ action= ' store ' ) group2.add_option ( '- d ' , help = ' group 2 option ' , dest='d ' , \ action= ' store ' )
add_option ( ) method of class OptionGroup is exactly the same as add_option ( ) method of class OptionParser .
Finally , we add groups to parsers and call parse_options ( ) .
parser.add_option_group(group1 ) parser.add_option_group(group2 ) ( args , opts ) = parser.parse_args ( )
Now , lets have a look at the help screen .
alex ~/works/args -> ./args.py -h Usage : args.py [ options ]
Options : -h , -- help show this help message and exit Option group 1 : -t T group 1 option Option group 2 : -d D group 2 option alex ~/ works / args ->
See how -t and -d standout , each in its own group .
Changing programs usage stringBACK TO TOC
You can specify your own usage string .
This is the first line of help screen .
You do this by passing usage parameter to OptionParser constructor .
parser = optparse .
OptionParser ( usage= ' Usage : % prog < options >')
If we run this code , this is how our help screen would look like .
alex ~/works/args --> ./args.py -h Usage : args.py < options > . . .
As you can see , you can use % prog mnemonics inside of usage string .
It will be substituted with the name of the program .
Another thing that you can do is specify default value of the option in its help screen .
To do that you can use % default mnemonics inside of help string of an option .
Like this :
parser.add_option ('- w ' , default = ' hello ' , dest ='t ' , \ action= ' store ' , help =' this one has a default value [ % default ] ' )
This will make help line in help screen for this option to look like this :
-w T this one has a default value [ hello ]
parser.add_option ('- s ' , help= ' single argument ' , dest= ' single ' , \ action= ' store ' ) parser.add_option ('- M ' , help =' multiple arguments ' , dest=' multi ' , \ action= ' store ' , nargs =2 )
Lets have a look at how the help screen would look like for two options above .
-s SINGLE single argument -M MULTI multiple arguments
Not a pretty sight .
See how optparse described parameters that each option receives .
In fact , optparse take this description from name of the destination argument .
To generate such description , it converts its name into a string and changes it to upper case .
This may somewhat work for an option that receives one argument .
But it certainly will not work for an option that receives mutliple arguments , such as - M.
Luckily , there ’s a solution for this problem .
add_option ( ) receives a parameter named metavar .
It tells optparse how to describe option argument in help screen .
So , instead of calling add_option ( ) the way we did it for -s and -M , we should call it this way :
parser.add_option ('- s ' , help= ' single argument ' , dest= ' single ' , \ action= ' store ' , metavar= '< ARG >' ) parser.add_option ( '- M ' , help =' multiple arguments ' , dest=' multi ' , \ action= ' store ' , metavar= '< ARG1 > < ARG2 >' , nargs=2 )
This makes the help message for these two options look like this :
-s < ARG > single argument - M < ARG1 > < ARG2 > multiple arguments
Now this is much better .
You can have a description of what your program does .
When having it , it will appear in help screen between usage line and options description .
To do that , pass description argument to OptionParser constructor , when creating OptionParser object .
Like this :
desc= " " " This is a description of % prog. optparse uses Python 's textwrap module to format the text , so do n't bother adding new line characters , as optparse will prettify your description in its own way . " " " parser = optparse .
OptionParser ( description=desc ) parser.add_option ('- s ' , help= ' single argument ' , dest= ' single ' , \ action= ' store ' ) ( args , opts ) = parser.parse_args ( )
Running this little program with -h , will produce following help screen .
alex ~/works/args --> ./args.py -h Usage : args.py [ options ]
This is a description of args .py .
optparse uses Python 's textwrap module to format the text , so do n't bother adding new line characters , as optparse will prettify your description in its own way .
Options : -h , -- help show this help message and exit -s SINGLE single argument alex ~/ works / args -->
Note how optparse reformatted the description string .
It uses Python ’s textwrap module to format your description , producing nice , 80 character long lines of text .
Also note that as with usage parameter , you can use % prog mnemonics here .
It will be substituted with name of your program .
Epilog will appear after options description .
To specify epilog , pass epilog parameter to OptionParser ‘s constructor .
Note that as with description string , optparse will prettify the text you use with textwrap .
Like help screen , optparse can also generate version string , responding to –version option .
Unlike with help screen where optparse did most of the job , here optparse merely prints what you ’ve specified as version string .
To specify version string , pass version parameter to OptionParser ‘s constructor .
You can use % prog mnemonics inside of version string .
Here ’s an example .
parser = optparse .
OptionParser ( version= '% prog version 1.0 ' ) ( args , opts ) = parser.parse_args ( )
Running this script with –version option , produces following result .
alex ~/works/args --> ./args.py -- version args.py version 1.0 alex ~/works/args -->
optparse produce version string only if you run it with –version option .
If you want to your program to print its version with - v option , you will have to add - v option manually and then call print_version ( ) method of OptionParser , to produce the version string .
There is a bunch of other things that you can do with optparse .
You can have your own actions , your own formatter – an object that formats the help screen .
You can use callbacks that get called when optparse runs into certain option .
However , I think I ’ve covered 99.9 % of what you may need .
In case I missed something , send me an email to alex@alexonlinux.com .
Evolution of Our Solar System
The Evolution of Our Solar System was conceived by the late Dr. Graham Ryder as a teaching tool for gifted and talented students in the Clear Creek Independent School District , Houston , TX .
Our understanding of the evolution of our solar system changes constantly as new tools and new research expands and deepens our knowledge .
The Evolution of Our Solar System represents our best understanding at present ; new theories and new ideas undoubtedly will arise and replace the information presented .
The Evolution of Our Solar System is drawn from multiple disciplines , and every event is the product of years of research by numerous scientists .
The statements made , and the placements in time of those statements , do not always reflect the ongoing scientific debates , but rather reflect the broad consensus at this time .
The information was last updated in February 2018 .
The timescale used to mark geologic eons , eras , and periods is the Geologic Time Scale published by the Geological Society of America .
Scientific Contributions and Review
Dr. David Black
Lunar and Planetary Institute Dr. Stephen Clifford
Lunar and Planetary Institute Dr. Timmons Erickson
Lunar and Planetary Institute ( 2018 ) Dr. Joseph Hahn
St. Mary's University , Halifax , Nova Scotia Ms. Tracy Johnson
Baylor University ( 2018 ) Dr. Walter Kiefer
Lunar and Planetary Institute Dr. David Kring
Lunar and Planetary Institute ( 2018 ) Dr. John Lindsay
Lunar and Planetary Institute Dr. Tomasz Stepinski
Lunar and Planetary Institute Dr. Steve Liu
Lunar and Planetary Institute ( 2018 ) Dr. Patrick McGovern
Lunar and Planetary Institute Dr. Julie Moses
Lunar and Planetary Institute Dr. Louise Prockter
Lunar and Planetary Institute ( 2018 ) Dr. Katie Robinson
Lunar and Planetary Institute ( 2018 ) Dr. Graham Ryder
Lunar and Planetary Institute Dr. Martin Schmieder
Lunar and Planetary Institute ( 2018 ) Dr. Paul Spudis
Applied Physics Laboratory , Johns Hopkins University Dr. Allan Treiman
Lunar and Planetary Institute
Special thanks are extended to Dr. Richard Alley , Evan Pugh Professor of Geosciences at the Pennsylvania State University , and Dr. Kevin Burke , Department of Geosciences at the University of Houston , for careful reviews of the content and presentation .
Ms. Renée Dotson kindly reviewed the text for clarity and correctness .
Image Credits
Ms. Ronna Hurd , Ms. Leanne Woolley and Mr. John Blackwell created the illustrations and designed the layout of artwork displayed in the Evolution of Our Solar System .
Unless otherwise specified in the image gallery , all images are the original designs of these artists , and are the property of the Lunar and Planetary Institute .
By Anna Holligan
BBC World Service
FROM THE BBC WORLD SERVICE
More from BBC World Service ' Khat ' is a popular stimulant chewed across east Africa .
Now it is crossing cultural divides and becoming a drug of choice for an increasing number of young people in the UK .
The khat plant , Catha edulis , has been chewed by east Africans for hundreds of years and plays a large part in the social lives of both men and women .
It is banned across America , Canada and most of Europe , but remains legal in Britain .
Khat user Steve [ not his real name ] is a philosophy student .
He is one of an increasing number of students who are taking up the habit .
Steve , who is 22 , comes from a good middle - class family and in a slightly apologetic tone he tells me he was drawn to the leaves because they looked harmless .
" They looked really natural , not like a normal drug and they were all wrapped up in this really shiny banana leaf . "
Crossing divides
Chewing khat according to those who do it , gives them a mellow high .
Some describe it as a cross between cannabis and cocaine .
Young people have no idea about the dangers , they think because it 's legal it must be ok , but it 's not
Dr Eleni Palezido , Psychiatrist " You 're really alert , " says Steve , " but at the same time you have a bit of the feeling you have on cannabis ... not hallucinations but going that sort of way . "
In Somalia , khat is popular among taxi drivers and farm workers - people who have to stay alert while the rest of us are tucked up in bed .
In the UK , some students are using it for the same reasons , saying it helps them stay up all night studying .
It is relatively easy to get , and it 's cheap too - your average bundle costs about £ 3 ( $.4.20 ) .
When I went in search of some for this piece , I was pointed in the direction of an Ethiopian butchers in north London .
Khat 's appeal is spreading beyond the Somali community
They had sold out , but assured me they were expecting a fresh batch to be delivered in a couple of days .
The woman behind the counter suggested I try down the road .
Next stop and sure enough there it was , nestled innocently between the cucumbers and courgettes .
" Are n't you worried about selling it , " I ask .
" No , why should I be ? "
The store owner asks , with a slightly bemused look on his face .
" Its legal , we pay taxes and people want to buy it , so I sell it . "
Controversial status
But there growing concern that khat houses are trying to appeal more to younger users .
And that according to Asha , a teenager we meet at a community centre in east London , is setting a dangerous precedent .
" I see so many kids who ... start because they just want to try it , but then they end up going there 24/7 , " he says .
" I know [ people who ] have ended up dropping out of college because they 've been up chewing all night and can't get out of bed .
Plus you get people selling other harder drugs in there . "
But it 's not just the impact on academic results critics are concerned about .
KHAT FACTS
Heavy use can lead to insomnia , high blood pressure , heart problems and impotence Longer - term risk of developing mouth cancers Can create feelings of anxiety and aggression , and cause paranoid and psychotic reactions
Can make pre-existing mental health problems worse Source : www.talktofrank.com
Psychiatrist Dr Eleni Palezido reckons that khat can be a catalyst for mental health problems .
" When you stop taking khat all the dopamine ( a chemical associated with feelings of pleasure in the brain ) leaves your system , so people get depressed , they can get paranoid , hear voices and it can lead to a full blown psychotic state . "
Cathinone and cathine are the main ingredients of the plant .
Both are class C drugs in the UK , but the plant khat itself is not classified and can be bought openly in shops .
Cathinone is almost identical to amphetamines and it is this that creates a high .
It 's known to cause mental health problems like psychosis and depression .
And that is one of the reasons why some in the medical profession , like Dr Palezido , are worried .
" Young people have no idea about the dangers , they think because it 's legal it must be ok , but it 's not . "
So far , the Government has been reluctant to introduce a ban on khat .
KHAT : LEGAL STATUS
Banned in the US and Canada Banned in many European countries - Norway , Sweden , Denmark , Finland , Ireland , France , Germany , Switzerland - but not the UK Although , the Home Office told us they were " continuing to monitor the situation . "
Around seven tonnes of khat arrives at Heathrow every week from Ethiopia , Kenya and Yemen .
The fact that it is legal here has meant the UK has become something of an international hub for illicit trade in khat to other countries where it is banned .
There are no official figures on how many young British people are using khat , but Asha reckons the politicians should act now before it 's too late .
" The government should be doing something about it .
They think it 's just Somalis who are doing it but it 's not .... everyone 's now getting involved . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Today , for the first time in almost two decades , there is a realistic prospect that the Conservative party will win the next election .
Much will be made of the ideological contrast between Conservative and Labour , even though sometimes I find it rather hard to detect .
But I hope that there will also be a very strong philosophical distinction between the two parties .
New Labour cannot be fully understood until it is grasped that it is Britain 's first postmodern government .
The movement that surged to power in 1997 was formed less by Marx and Methodism and more by Foucault , Derrida and Richard Rorty .
We have abandoned the idea that there is an independent reality , which is out there and subject to independent verification – and adopted instead a different kind of political epistemology .
The purpose of public argument has moved right away from truths that can be proven to narratives that can be constructed .
This is formally recognised by the ruling elite .
Peter Mandelson , one of the inventors of the new politics , speaks of the need to " create the truth " .
So , we have entered a postmodern public discourse populated by rival truth claims .
The core insight is that appearance and reality have become identical .
The surface counts for everything .
Government , therefore , ceases to be about getting things done – it's about being seen to get things done .
Britain has never enjoyed such an apparently active central government as over the last ten years .
There have never been so many initiatives , press releases , New Deals , action plans .
They key thing to understand is that all of this activity carries on almost entirely independently of life as it is lived by ordinary people .
Despite official statistics produced by state employees to prove that they work , this blizzard of activity is actually part of a parallel universe .
Douglas Carswell and Daniel Hannan have noted this phenomenon of virtual government in their book The Plan and they summon up Tony Blair 's toe - curling memo calling for " eye- catching initiatives " as evidence .
" The memo contained one sentence which bears particular contemplation , " the authors note : " We also need a far tougher rebuttal or , alternatively , action . "
As Carswell and Hannan observe : " Blair had grasped that , in the contemporary political climate , rebuttal is action . "
And this phenomenon is not merely confined to initiatives , press releases , government announcements and similar epiphenomena .
It has also captured the legislative process .
The Times columnist Matthew Parris was the first observer to note the emergence of " declaratory " legislation .
" New laws and proposed new laws , " Parris accurately noted last year , " are being touted around as though they were a specialised branch of advertising , rather than rules to be interpreted , enforced and obeyed . "
These laws , he noted , " do not so much do the right thing , as say the right thing . "
A very nice example is the vast amount of government effort devoted to Sir Fred Goodwin 's pension .
Huge attention , from the prime minister , inside the cabinet , and among Treasury civil servants , has been devoted to this subject and it has dominated the news agenda for days .
Yet it has no bearing on the profound economic crisis .
What is going on here is a classic exercise in manipulation .
The core concern of government is not , as one would hope and expect , to get Britain out of a mess .
It is to divert attention onto Sir Fred – and to get itself out of a mess .
If the Conservatives are to govern effectively over the next decade , they need to turn their back on a philosophical doctrine that first took root in French philosophical salons in the 1970s .
Instead of constructing the truth , as New Labour has constantly sought to do , they can start to reclaim the truth , and look back to their own roots in the British empirical tradition .
For an incoming Conservative government , this means two things : one a matter of detail , and one an issue of deep principle .
First of all , the Conservatives must dismantle the apparatus of postmodern government .
Above all , that means restoring the administrative function of the British civil service and downgrading its dominant presentational function .
But it also means looking truth in the face – and the success of David Cameron as prime minister will depend upon whether he has the courage and rigour to do this .
As Margaret Thatcher said , on the occasion of the first Sir Keith Joseph Memorial Lecture :
" In politics , integrity really lies in the conviction that it 's only on the basis of truth that power should be won – or indeed can be worth winning . "
What Margaret Thatcher was saying here is that it does not pay to secure power through clever positioning or strategic alliances .
That was the tragedy of New Labour – it was not honest about what it would do in office , which is why it failed as a government .
David Cameron , I would guess , must be very straightforward with the British people .
And that means putting out a much bleaker and tougher message of what he will do in power than he has tried to do so far .
This is an edited excerpt , by kind permission of the author and the Centre for Policy Studies , of Peter Oborne 's Sir Keith Joseph Memorial Lecture , given on March 4 2009 .
The full text can be viewed or purchased here .
I have received well over a thousand supportive emails from women over the last 48 hours .
Unsurprisingly to me , the topic they ’re the most encouraging about is my comment on whores and all women being them .
All women are whores .
Keep in mind that I consider female anger to be the weather vane of truth and wisdom .
When a woman finally has a heart attack after reading something I ’ve written , I ’m going to start calling myself Buddha .
King Buddha .
That ’s why no women are allowed to read this .
Women know themselves almost as well as I know them .
They know they ’re prone to emotion and anger , and they know they ’re all whores .
That ’s why they get so goddamn upset when I say it .
To a woman , calling attention to her innate prostitution is more true than anything else I could possibly say .
But that ’s only because women understand math and science about as far as a dog can shit .
Women crave money because they do n’t have things like purple hearts , fist fights , and prom queens .
They have nothing to validate their self - worth except how much a man will pay for access to their vagina .
That ’s why they spend money like it ’s poison .
The albatross of a 100 dollar bill is nothing but shame to a woman .
It is a constant reminder of her nature .
All women are whores .
And that ’s human nature .
Men exchange our body parts for money as well , except our “ vagina ” is our man-brain , and when we ’re done letting the world use it , cancer is cured , slavery is abolished , or something awesome like the `77 Chevelle is invented .
Also , once a man lets someone inside his valuable body part , they do n’t start thinking of their ex-girlfriend or how to get inside for less money next time .
You ca n’t cure small pox with a vagina .
All girlfriends are whores .
That ’s why there ’s a Valentine ’s Day .
All wives are whores .
That ’s why car leases expire in 16 months instead of 12 .
It takes 16 months for SUV Roofies to wear off .
All business women are whores .
If I get a free steak at Morton ’s because I told them I was Tom Selleck — which would be easy to do because I also have a manmazing mustache , I would go to jail for fraud .
Every woman who ’s ever gotten a promotion in any business , got there because of fraud .
Her miniskirt wrote a check for sex that the Vagina Bank had no intention of cashing .
Or maybe she did cash it .
My point is , all women are whores , and the last thing men want is a whore who does n’t know how to do her job .
When men sell body parts , we ’re called engineers or NFL linebackers .
When women do it , they ’re called prostitutes .
It ’s as simple as an anniversary bouquet or a “ free lunch ” .
There ’s no such thing as a “ free lunch ” , there ’s only prostitution you buy in installments .
Women are like pre-paid cell phones you can use with your dick .
I have no problem with whores .
In fact , I love them .
Prostitution and monkey - rape is why we ’re all here today — but men are why vaccines and plasma TVs are here .
If it were possible to respect a woman , I might even respect one who knew what she was and embraced it , instead of drowning her shame in designer handbags and abusive boyfriends .
I ’m not going to stop using a perfectly accurate term just because it ’s upsetting to women .
Holding your tongue because it upsets women is a slippery slope that ends in your penis getting cut off .
Besides , the only real reason women hate being called “ whores ” is the same reason they hate beer : they ’re fucking stupid .
Indiana Jones was a box - office smash because all men are clever , resilient , and bad - ass mavericks .
Jaws was a success because all men could fuck up a shark with their bear hands .
Pretty Woman was a success because all women are whores .
Imagine a movie that featured you kicking Hitler ’s balls so hard , you traveled back in time and fucked Heidi Klum the day before her 18th birthday .
That ’s basically the film Pretty Woman : every woman ’s ultimate fantasy .
Related Articles :
Anil Ambani is the third richest Indian
An Indian aircraft technician who discovered a possible bid to sabotage the helicopter of industrialist Anil Ambani has been found dead , police say .
Bharat Borge 's body was found on railway tracks in the city of Mumbai ( Bombay ) on Tuesday evening .
A suicide note was found in his pocket , but police have described it as an " accidental death " .
Mr Ambani is one of the world 's richest men .
Sand and pebbles were found in the fuel tank of his helicopter last week .
Officials in his firm have accused his corporate rivals of being behind the sabotage bid .
Suicide note ?
" We are treating it as a case of accidental death , " Railway Police Commissioner AK Sharma told the BBC .
" His post - mortem report suggests he died of multiple injuries and haemorrhage , " he said .
Indian media reports , quoting police , said a suicide note was found in his pocket .
The note , written in the local Marathi language , was addressed to a detective from the crime branch of police who had questioned Mr Borge , they said .
In the note , Mr Borge is believed to have revealed that he was visited by representatives from Mr Ambani 's company , the Reliance Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group .
" I got afraid thinking that I will be blamed for this , " police said , quoting from the note .
Police said they were trying to find the people who recently met Mr Borge , who was a senior technician with Air Works India Engineering .
Anil Ambani is India 's third richest industrialist .
His brother , Mukesh Ambani , is the richest Indian .
Both the brothers are also in the Forbes ' list of billionaires .
The two had a serious disagreement three years ago after which they divided the family businesses between them .
The teenage gunman who went on a shooting rampage in a school in southern Germany killed 15 people before dying in a shoot - out with police .
0930 ( 0830 GMT ) , 11 March :
The 17 - year - old , named locally as Tim Kretschmer , walks into his former school Albertville - Realschule [ 1 ] in Winnenden .
I look at the door and there stands a man with a gun in his hand and he just shoots everywhere
Celina Dressed in black , he starts shooting , killing nine students , eight of them female , and three teachers .
Police say he aimed at his victims ' heads , which suggests it was not just indiscriminate shooting .
" I heard two shots and then screaming , " said a student named only as Betty , 15 .
" At first I thought it was a joke , but then someone called " Run , run " and I saw students jumping out of the windows and took off running . "
Another student , Celina , described the terror inside one classroom .
" We were having a normal German lesson .
At once we hear " pam pam pam " and I look at the door and there stands a man with a gun in his hand and he just shoots everywhere .
" I threw myself on the floor and took my friends with me , and then I went to a corner and put a table in front of me , and he came again a second time and shot again , and we were in panic and in shock . "
The German Bild daily newspaper reports that the gunman enters the class a third time , asking : " Are n't you all dead ? " 0933 : Police receive an emergency call from a terrified pupil at the school amid scenes of panic .
Minutes later , the first police officers enter the school building .
They can still hear shots being fired and confront the gunman on the first floor , drawing fire themselves .
Kretschmer flees the building , leaving some ammunition at the school .
He passes a nearby psychiatric clinic and shoots dead an employee and injures a passerby .
0940 : Other officers arrive at the school to find the victims ' bodies in two classrooms .
Police say the gunman may have planned on killing more Regional police director Ralf Michelfelder said : " Children were sitting at their tables , with pencils still in their hands , their heads fallen over on the table .
Most of them had shots in their head - it must have all happened in seconds . "
Bystander Hans Ulrich Stuiber described the scenes of anguish outside the school as parents waited for news .
" Some were struck dumb , others were crying and a few had fainted , " he told AFP .
Police mobilise hundreds of officers , including dog and helicopter teams to try to locate the gunman .
The school is evacuated and searched and roadblocks set up .
1000 : Police commandos storm Kretschmer parents ' home in Leutenbach [ 2 ] , 12 km ( 7.5 miles ) from the school .
1114 : Local media broadcast warnings to drivers not to pick up hitchhikers .
1204 : Kretschmer hijacks a car in Winnenden [ 3 ] , forcing the driver to head south .
Police say he gets stuck in traffic , but makes the driver turn around and head towards Wendlingen , 40 km [ 25 miles ] away .
The car driver swerves off the road to avoid a police checkpoint and manages to escape and alert the police .
The gunman continues on foot towards an industrial estate in Wendlingen [ 4 ] .
He enters a car salesroom and shoots dead a salesman and a customer .
The gunman died after a shoot - out at a car salesroom 1230 : Kretschmer exchanges fire with plain - clothed officers .
As he tries to escape through the car park he is hit in the leg , falls down but manages to get up and reload his gun [ 5 ] .
Two officers are injured in the shoot - out .
Witness Vjeran Kuran was working nearby : " By accident I took a look out of the window and then I have seen a lot of police cars .
And suddenly , I 've heard them shooting , too . "
Kretschmer is found dead a short time later - police say witnesses saw him shoot himself
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Ethical issues in pandemic influenza planning
Background
WHO / Tom Pietrasik
A number of challenging ethical issues are raised by a potential influenza pandemic .
Ethical concerns associated with the planning , preparedness and responses to future pandemics are important to consider , ensuring that response efforts are not hindered in the event of a pandemic .
These include :
priority of access to healthcare resources with increased demand and possible shortages ;
obligations of healthcare workers in light of risks to their own health ; and
the fine balance between reducing disease spread through isolation and travel measures whilst protecting the right of individuals to freedom of movement .
WHO ’s Work
Ethical considerations in developing a public health response to pandemic influenza
In 2006 , WHO published comprehensive , practical guidance for Member States entitled “ Ethical considerations in developing a public health response to pandemic influenza ” .
This provided suggestions on how Member States could incorporate ethical considerations , as well as the related human rights and legal concerns , into their plans , preparation and response to a potential influenza pandemic .
Read : Ethical considerations in developing a public health response to pandemic influenza
Research Ethics in International Epidemic Response
In 2009 , in response to a request for additional guidance , WHO ’s Global Influenza Programme and the Ethics and Health team jointly convened a technical consultation on “ Research Ethics in International Epidemic Response . ”
This meeting brought together experts of international organizations , government agencies and ministries , professional medical associations , academic and research institutions , as well as WHO staff from various levels of the Organization .
This consultation resulted in practical guidance to public health practitioners and researchers in the field .
Read : Research Ethics in International Epidemic Response
Additional resources
Ethical and legal considerations in mitigating pandemic disease : workshop summary Board on Global Health – Institute of Medicine - US National Academies Press , 2007
In order to focus on the profound ethical and legal issues inherent in various pandemic disease mitigation approaches that are being proposed domestically and internationally , the Institute of Medicine ’s Forum on Microbial Threats convened a public workshop and released the workshop summary entitled Ethical and Legal Considerations in Mitigating Pandemic Disease .
The workshop explored lessons learned from past pandemics , identified barriers to equitable and effective responses to future pandemics , and examined opportunities to overcome these obstacles through research , policy , legislation , communication , and community engagement .
Download workshop summary [ pdf , 420kb ]
Read summary online
ASTHO ( US ) : At - risk populations and pandemic influenza
Some individuals are at increased risk of suffering severe consequences during an influenza pandemic and may need special assistance to maintain basic medical care , as well as access to food and shelter .
This project developed guidance for state , territorial , tribal and local health departments on planning for at - risk populations and pandemic influenza .
The guidance and supporting materials were released in 2008 .
Access : Planning Guidance for State , Territorial , Tribal , and Local Health Departments
New Zealand National Ethics Advisory Committee The National Ethics Advisory Committee – Kāhui Matatika o te Motu ( NEAC ) has completed its work on ethical values for a pandemic .
One of NEAC ’s main statutory functions is to advise the Minister of Health on ethical issues of national significance regarding health and disability .
NEAC believes that minimizing harm from any pandemic , minimizing inequalities in the impact of any pandemic , and getting through any pandemic together are issues of this sort .
Getting through Together considers ethical issues in a pandemic .
Access : Getting through together : Ethical values for a pandemic
United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
As part of its planning for a possible outbreak of pandemic influenza , the United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) worked with its Ethics Subcommittee of the Advisory Committee to the Director , to identify ethical considerations relevant to public health decision - making during planning for and responding to pandemic influenza .
CDC requested that the Ethics Subcommittee provide input on ethical considerations in vaccine and anti-viral drug distribution prioritization and in the development of interventions that would limit individual freedom and create social distancing .
The resulting document , Ethical Guidelines in Pandemic Influenza , provides guidance that the Ethics Subcommittee proposes serve as a foundation for ethical decision - making for pandemic influenza .
Download : Ethical guidelines in pandemic influenza
pdf , 135kb
Pandemic influenza and ethics .
Stand on guard for thee A report on ethical considerations in preparedness and planning for pandemic influenza by the University of Toronto ’s Joint Centre for Bioethics .
Download : Stand on guard for thee
pdf , 147kb
Citizen voices on pandemic flu choices A report of the Public Engagement Pilot Project on Pandemic Influenza , which describes the convening of a representative group of stakeholders and citizens - at - large , the structure and process of stakeholder and citizen dialogues and deliberations , and the decisions made and recommendations .
Download : Citizen Voices on Pandemic Flu Choices
pdf 1.56Mb
aalib - based X server
How ?
First of all , I compiled aalib , which seemed a good start .
Then I found GGI , which acts as an abstraction layer .
It provides a standard interface , and will render ( among others ) as X , svgalib or ( conveniently enough ) aalib .
XGGI is a patched XFree 3 server , which as you can guess , uses GGI for its display .
It 'll quite happily render X using aalib .
Last stage was to tweak the text mode .
80x25 was far too small .
Each character on - screen represents a 2x2 pixel block , so my X server was running at 160x50 .
Booting linux with ' vga=ask ' was n't very productive -- it only seemed to report standard VGA text modes ( eg , 80x43 , 80x50 ) .
Poking around , I discovered SVGATextMode , which will tweak VGA text modes using modelines similar to XF86 Con fig's .
Fiddling with its config file somehwat I managed to get 100x60 running , which with an 8x8 font gives me 800x480 , the limit of this laptop 's LCD .
My X server was now running at 200x120 .
Almost useable .
Time to try some apps :-)
Enlightment , KDE , RealPlayer 8 , Netscape Navigator ( among others ) all seemed fairly happy running at such a low resolution .
Some are nicer than others about how they handle it , though -- eg , wrapping menus when they become too large .
There are quirks -- the server does n't seem to recognise ctrl , alt or even shift being pressed , and I can't have a large virtual desktop to scroll around in -- but on the whole it 's not too bad .
Why ?
It struck me as a nice idea to be able to play DVDs without having the bottleneck of a fairly poor graphics card .
aalib seemed like a natural alternative ...
No luck yet , but I 'm still trying :-)
Actually , that 's a lie .
It just seemed like a cool thing to do .
Screenshots
Photographs
Screendumps
Animations
click here for some of my other pet projects
Featured on Slashdot in 2003
So we meet again Mr. Dot Prepare to die .
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Cameron with Linda Hamilton on the set of The Terminator in 1984 . *
Photo : MGM * I first remember being aware of geopolitics during the Cuban missile crisis .
When I was 7 or 8 , I found a pamphlet for fallout shelters on the coffee table in my family 's house in Ontario , and I remember thinking , " What 's this about ? "
I had the sudden sensation that my coddled existence was a facade .
Something dark and terrifying lurked behind it .
I 've been fascinated ever since by our human propensity for dancing on the edge of the apocalypse .
So when I wrote the first Terminator outline around 1982 , I was just working out my childhood stuff .
It was also born out of the science fiction movies and literature I grew up with .
For the most part , they were warnings — about technology , about science , about the military and the government .
You could n't escape those themes or the fear of nuclear holocaust .
Illustration : John Ritter ### T4 : Please Don't Suck
Full disclosure :
We 're on the fence about Terminator Salvation * — the trailers look great , but McG as director ?
Really ?
Herewith , a few reasons to be hopeful ... and to be afraid , very afraid .*
Cast
Pro Christian
Bale is a rare breed : an A - list actor with total nerd cred .
The Dark Knight .
The Prestige .
Equilibrium .
Gun kata , baby !
Con Bale almost totally terminated T4's distracting director of photography .
Script
Pro Screen - writer Jonathan Nolan ( Christopher 's brother ) of The Dark Knight , The Prestige , and Memento fame pitched in on the script .
Con So did TV scribe Shawn Ryan of Nash Bridges and My Two Dads .
F/X
Pro Industrial Light & Magic , the f/x house behind the butt - kicking bots in Transformers .
Con ILM also did Poseidon and The Fast and the Furious : Tokyo Drift — even the best CG can't save a bad movie .
Director
Pro In Charlie 's Angels : Full Throttle , Joseph " McG " McGinty Nichol showed a facility with lively musical numbers featuring Cameron Diaz 's rear end .
Con Wait , T4 does n't have that ?
Photos : ( left to right ) : Getty ; Transformer : Paramount / Everett
The idea of a hit man from the future trying to change past events was certainly not new .
What I thought was cutting - edge was deciding to not have the Terminator be a guy in a robot suit .
That 's how it was typically done .
But a flesh - covered endoskeleton ?
That was new .
So for me it was all about how we could develop stop-motion animation and puppetry to create a true robotic endoskeleton .
The team at visual - effects house Stan Winston Studio jumped into it and made it work .
Casting Arnold Schwarzenegger as our Terminator , on the other hand , should n't have worked .
The guy is supposed to be an infiltration unit , and there 's no way you would n't spot a Terminator in a crowd instantly if they all looked like Arnold .
It made no sense whatsoever .
But the beauty of movies is that they do n't have to be logical .
They just have to have plausibility .
If there 's a visceral , cinematic thing happening that the audience likes , they do n't care if it goes against what 's likely .
I do n't think anything resembling The Terminator is really going to happen .
There certainly are n't going to be genocidal wars waged by machines a few generations from now .
The stories function more on a symbolic level , and that 's why people key into them .
They 're about us fighting our own tendency toward dehumanization .
When a cop has no compassion , when a shrink has no empathy , they 've become machines in human form .
Technology is changing the whole fabric of social interaction .
We 're absorbing our machines in a symbiotic way , evolving to become one with our own devices , and that 's going to continue indefinitely .
I kind of turned my back on the Terminator world when there was early talk about a third film .
I 'd evolved beyond it .
I do n't regret that , but I have to live with the consequence , which is that I keep seeing it resurrected .
I 'm not involved in Terminator Salvation .
I 've never read the script .
I 'm sure I 'll be paying 10 bucks to see it like everybody else .
Meanwhile , the original film was recently selected for preservation by the National Film Registry .
So there 's a good possibility that when the machines actually do take over someday , The Terminator will still be in existence .
And the machines can have a good electronic laugh about that .
– As told to Wired writer Steve Daly .
Related It 's Back —
Why the Terminator Is Unstoppable Evolution of a Killer Franchise — The Terminator ( 1984 - ???? )
The Terminator as Metaphor for Life Scott Brown on Why Hollywood Needs a New Model for Storytelling
Scott Brown on Dark Superheroes and Childish Action Figures
Scott Brown on Why Battlestar Galactica Must Self - Destruct
UPDATE : Ok , so maybe this movie is n’t happening after all .
Thanks to Fancy Bastard Patrick Kovacich for suggesting “ Perfect Strangers ” as the worst possible pinball machine ever .
I think the idea of a Judd Apatow produced “ Ghostbusters ” 3 is perfect .
I really hope be brings together the Apatow Dream Team to make this one a gem .
They also need the “ butthole pleasures / alligator fuckhouse ” indian dude from “ 40 Year Old Virgin ” to play …
Gozer .
Sure .
Fanboy herecy or the perfect continuation of a beloved geek franchise ?
Send in the comments !
Michael D. Moore was born on October 14 , 1914 in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada as Michael Sheffield .
He was an assistant director and actor , known for Kampf der Welten ( 1953 ) , Jäger des verlorenen Schatzes ( 1981 ) and Willow ( 1988 ) .
He was married to Esther McNeill and Laurie Abdo .
He died on March 4 , 2013 in Malibu , Los Angeles County , ...
Image via Wikipedia
Chris Brogan has been making me think a lot lately .
The other day he asked what inspires people to action .
He has a very lofty goal :
My goal with every blog post is to get you thinking in a way that might cause a change in your course of action .
As a blog writer that has a much smaller following than Chris , my goals are much different .
I am not writing to inspire action ( though if that happens I will not complain ) , I write with the hope of informing people or even to make people think .
Taking the inspiration from Chris , and my attempts to write some introductory programming posts , I wanted to answer a question .
What inspires people to code ?
I get asked this question a decent amount because it normally looks like I enjoy what I do .
Actually , the real question is why do I write code , but the idea is generally the same .
Why do people write code ?
There are several reasons for why people start a career in software development or web development .
Creation – Some people really enjoy the ability to create something .
You start with a blank canvas , or an empty file , and you write code .
Eventually that code gets compiled , packaged or whatever and becomes an executable thing .
For something like a web site , you actually get to see and interact with your creation .
– Some people really enjoy the ability to create something .
You start with a blank canvas , or an empty file , and you write code .
Eventually that code gets compiled , packaged or whatever and becomes an executable thing .
For something like a web site , you actually get to see and interact with your creation .
Instant Feedback – Right on the heels of creation is the instant feedback .
This is true when you are programming in languages like C++ and Java as well as “ really instant ” changes like web sites .
For programming , you get the code - compile - test cycle giving you the feedback .
For web sites , you can change some basic feature and just reload the page in order to see your new results .
– Right on the heels of creation is the instant feedback .
This is true when you are programming in languages like C++ and Java as well as “ really instant ” changes like web sites .
For programming , you get the code - compile - test cycle giving you the feedback .
For web sites , you can change some basic feature and just reload the page in order to see your new results .
Puzzles and Problem Solving – Some people , like myself , just love to solve puzzles or various problems .
In many cases , this is almost an addiction .
These same people probably love to complete puzzles like Sudoku or crosswords .
In “ modern ” terms , you can consider this a “ House - complex ” ( after the fantastic TV show ) where solving the problem is the only thing that matters .
– Some people , like myself , just love to solve puzzles or various problems .
In many cases , this is almost an addiction .
These same people probably love to complete puzzles like Sudoku or crosswords .
In “ modern ” terms , you can consider this a “ House - complex ” ( after the fantastic TV show ) where solving the problem is the only thing that matters .
People –
Do you get to meet fascinating people in the software development industry ?
Yes , absolutely .
However , many people get into software development because they do not like people .
In product development companies , the programmers can all be “ in the back room ” and not deal with business people , customers or users .
They get their needed ( and limited ) human interaction by dealing with other programmers .
– Do you get to meet fascinating people in the software development industry ?
Yes , absolutely .
However , many people get into software development because they do not like people .
In product development companies , the programmers can all be “ in the back room ” and not deal with business people , customers or users .
They get their needed ( and limited ) human interaction by dealing with other programmers .
See a Need , Fill a Need – Some people get into programming completely by accident .
They may work in drug development research as a scientist , but they need someone to gather data and run complex analysis or simulations .
In many cases , there is no funding in the budget for a new hire so that person learns to program .
Eventually , they either become too valuable as a programmer or they “ fall in love ” with software development and they have a new career .
This probably happens more often than you think , as there are a lot of programmers who do not have a formal computer science education .
This is also good for the industry as it brings a different perspective into development , instead of all the people learning all of the same theories .
– Some people get into programming completely by accident .
They may work in drug development research as a scientist , but they need someone to gather data and run complex analysis or simulations .
In many cases , there is no funding in the budget for a new hire so that person learns to program .
Eventually , they either become too valuable as a programmer or they “ fall in love ” with software development and they have a new career .
This probably happens more often than you think , as there are a lot of programmers who do not have a formal computer science education .
This is also good for the industry as it brings a different perspective into development , instead of all the people learning all of the same theories .
Money –
There are plenty of people who start a career in software development because they want to make a lot of money .
In reality , you can make a very good salary in software development , but that can not be the only reason for joining the field .
If one of the previous items is not true in your case , you will hate programming within two years .
Also , some people see how much money startups can make and figure they just need to learn to program a little to get there .
Well , most startups fail to make any money and most programmers do not work at startups .
I am sure there are other reasons , but these seem to be ones that are commonly mentioned .
What reasons do you have for getting into programming ?
Me ?
I love problem solving and puzzles .
What about you ?
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Two people admitted to a Scottish hospital after returning from Mexico have been confirmed as the first British cases of swine flu .
Scottish Health Secretary Nicola Sturgeon said both patients , a man and a woman , were recovering well .
She said seven other people who had been in contact with them were now displaying mild symptoms .
As many as 149 people in Mexico are suspected to have died after contracting swine flu .
It is caused by the H1N1 strain associated with pigs crossing over to the human population .
The BBC has learned that the infected Scottish couple are from the Polmont area of Falkirk .
The pair , who had been travelling together , returned from Mexico on Tuesday 21 April .
I would reiterate that the threat to the public remains low
Nicola Sturgeon
Scottish Health Secretary However , they had not presented at the doctors until Saturday .
Since then they have been undergoing tests at Monklands Hospital in Airdrie , North Lanarkshire .
Ms Sturgeon said there had been a gap of several days before those people who had been in contact with them could be given anti-viral treatment .
She said that out of the 22 people who had been identified as being in contact with the infected patients , seven had developed " mild symptoms " .
This had not been confirmed as swine flu .
These people were receiving drugs at home , not in hospital , she said .
Ms Sturgeon added : " With the contacts who are now showing , all be it mild symptoms , their immediate contacts can be given anti-virals much more quickly so it does increase our ability to stem that flow . "
She stated : " We 're dealing with a virus that we hope does n't , but could have much wider impact .
" But at the moment we 're focused on people we know have had contact with the two confirmed patients and we 're trying to put as much of a ring around them as possible . "
Antiviral drugs have been effective in treating swine flu outside Mexico Ms Sturgeon refused to give any details of the two patients who have been infected , but she said they were " not particularly ill " .
The health secretary said : " I would reiterate that the threat to the public remains low and that the precautionary actions we have taken over the last two days have been important in allowing us to respond appropriately and give us the best prospect of disrupting the spread of the virus .
" However , this is a developing situation which we continue to monitor very closely , in conjunction with our colleagues in other parts of the UK and the World Health Organisation . "
Ms Sturgeon said the Scottish Government was well prepared for any pandemic flu and had significant stockpiles of the antiviral drugs - Tamiflu and Relenza - which have been effective in treating swine flu in other countries .
On top of the deaths in Mexico , there have been 40 cases of swine flu reported in the US and six in Canada and one in Spain .
There are also suspected cases in New Zealand , France , Israel and Australia .
However no -one has died outside Mexico .
Ms Sturgeon said : " We remain very encouraged by the fact that outside Mexico everyone who has contracted swine flu has experienced mild symptoms only . "
UK Health Secretary Alan Johnson said 17 of 25 possible cases reported in the UK were being investigated .
Mr Johnson told the Commons eight of the 25 cases had proved negative .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Thanks to the Employ American Workers Act ( EAWA ) , which was folded into the stimulus bill , it 's become harder for companies getting government support to hire skilled immigrants with H - 1B visas -- they 'll have to show they have n't laid off or plan to lay off an American from a similar occupation .
Supporters say the law will help U.S. - born workers and stimulate our economy , but this is just wrong .
The economy is not of fixed size , in which more foreign - born workers necessarily mean fewer U.S. workers .
Productive foreign - born workers can help create more jobs here .
Keeping them out damages us .
Start with the damage to companies that have received money from the Troubled Asset Relief Program ( TARP ) .
Over 400 firms now face a sharply curtailed talent pool , precisely when they need visionary talent to rebuild amidst the world 's most severe economic crisis in decades .
Without the best talent , ultimately they 'll create fewer jobs .
There is also indirect , unforeseen damage that 's beginning to appear in higher education .
In 2007 , the U.S. exported $ 15.7 billion in educational services and , consistent with our strong comparative advantage in education , ran a trade surplus of $ 11.2 billion .
America has built the world 's most dynamic university system largely by welcoming foreign scholars and students .
This year at our own Tuck School of Business in Hanover , N.H. , 31 % of tenured and tenure - track professors and over 35 % of MBA candidates are foreign born .
That dynamism is now in question .
Here at Tuck -- and at many fellow business schools as well -- several foreign - born students had their job offers rescinded in response to EAWA .
If foreign - born students cannot legally work here after earning their degrees , fewer will enroll .
David Beckham Punk ’d Holding Fake Left Arm
Total Pro Sports – David Beckham may be a star on the soccer field but off the field he is an easy target for people to punk !
At an event in London on Tuesday , David Beckham met soldiers from the armed forces when one of the Royal Marines decided to play a prank on Beckham .
Commando Ben McBean , who lost a leg and an arm in an explosion in Afghanistan , was listening to Becks tell him how he could not imagine life with one leg .
The Marine told Beckham that you get used to it and held his hand out for a friendly handshake , only for Becks to be left holding the arm when the handshake was over as Ben screamed : “ My arm !
My arm ! ”
Ben said : “ As he shook my hand I let it slip from the socket .
He looked like he would faint . ” [ OffThePost ]
As Ashton Kutcher from the hit TV show “ Punk ’d ” would say “ You ’ve been punk ’d ” !!!!!
I wonder if anyone else fell for the fake arm trick ?????
Share This
Resistive touch - screens are great when you have a stylus in - hand , capacitive screens offer more finesse when you 're going at it with fingertips , and both are about useless when you 're wearing gloves ( for now , anyway ) .
That changes with the projective capacitive screen , able to offer responsiveness to a bare fingertip and also react to non-conductive objects like styli , and it's that type of screen that Axiotron 's MacBook - based Modbook tablets will be seeing in the near future thanks to a partnership with Touch International .
Starting next month , Modbook buyers will be able to add a Synergy Touch screen as an option , while those going for the 15.4 - inch Modbook Pro will receive one as standard .
No word on what this accessory will cost , but we think it 's a shame the two could n't get these things to market before the end of glove season .
[ Via Gadgets .
TMCNet.com
No ?
Well , if not , you ’re likely in the vast majority of Americans .
Frankly , the way things went and ended up turning out , there is no reason – unless you happen to have a particularly keen interest in 20th century American history – that you should have any idea who Father Charles Coughlin was .
But , with perhaps the exception of the Roman collar then and the rolls of jowls now , 1930s Father Coughlin IS the historical equivalent of the current Rush Limbaugh …
So…here ’s a little no -pressure quick - quiz question ( and , hey , how many times do you get to write a sentence with three " Q " words in a row ? ) :
Do you know who Father Coughlin was ?
Posted By : Michael Sweeney Mar. 6 , 2009
So…here ’s a little no - pressure quick - quiz question ( and , hey , how many times do you get to write a sentence with three " Q " words in a row ? ) :
Do you know who Father Coughlin was ?
Coughlin was a Canadian - born Roman Catholic priest ; in the 1920s , he began working at a parish in Detroit .
Almost as a novelty , he began doing radio broadcasts in 1926 , giving a local weekly on - air sermon .
These broadcasts grew in popularity … and started taking on subjects other than religion .
As the broadcasting medium grew – and , following the Wall Street Crash of ’ 29 – his radio sermons became a nation - wide source of comfort and inspiration to a country trying to make it through tough times .
And he continued to morph his " sermons " from religious teaching to more political and economic philosophizing – and , indeed , even very demanding " preaching . "
It was estimated that more than 40 million listeners tuned in to his weekly programs during the 1930s .
The first important , influential political stands that Coughlin took were – ultimately , ironically – in support of first candidate and then President Franklin D. Roosevelt .
He was credited with coining and popularizing the phrase " Roosevelt or ruin " … and he supported FDR through his election and the first few ( very active ) years of his administration .
During much of the 1930s , Coughlin was perhaps the second - most - popular person in the entire country , trailing only the either beloved or despised President .
Father Coughlin 's radio support for FDR and the New Deal faded later in 1934 , when he founded an organization called the National Union for Social Justice ( NUSJ ) .
NUSJ was a nationalistic worker 's rights organization that opposed FDR ’s economic policies as only supporting the wealthy or established – not the working - class .
Charges of anti-Semitism – and growing descriptions of Coughlin as a " fascist " – followed his increasing radio preaching about what he called " the money changers . "
As his programs became more openly anti-Semitic – he blamed the horrible 1938 " Kristallnacht " persecution in Germany on its Jewish victims – some radio stations ( including those in New York and Chicago ) began limiting or even cancelling his shows unless his scripts were pre-approved .
These statements and the resulting reactions even made Coughlin a hero in Nazi Germany ; he also made multiple speeches that attempted to rationalize policies being enacted by Hitler and Mussolini .
Coughlin ’s fall was both gradual , then sudden .
His support of a group called the Christian Front backfired in 1940 , when the group was busted by the FBI over a plot " to murder Jews , communists , and a dozen Congressmen . "
He was not directly linked to the scheme , but he continued to speak in their support .
And , after Pearl Harbor , his continued isolationist , right - wing stands were seen as being in direct opposition to what the vast majority of Americans ( AND their government ) saw as the vitally needed next steps .
As it became more difficult to get his broadcasts – or even written statements via his publications or the US mail – out to his dwindling number of followers , the Catholic Church decided they had had enough as well .
In 1942 , Coughlin ’s bishop demanded he completely stop his political activities and limit himself to – once again – simply being a parish priest .
He complied – and remained the local pastor there until retiring in 1966 .
He turned down all interview requests after that ( although he occasionally wrote anti-Communist pamphlets ) , and died a nearly - completely - forgotten figure at the age of 88 in 1979 .
Coughlin is thought of as one of the major demagogues of the 20th century – because he gathered a deep core of followers and attempted to influence politics merely through his broadcasts .
He never ran for or held political office … although he founded a short - lived third party and supported a failed candidate in the 1936 Presidential election .
So…a radio demagogue …clearly racist and probably fascist … never offers himself to voters , so they can make their choices about him …opposing – with his inconsequential , coded , and blatantly over - the - top words – a popular US President who is trying to lead the country through very trying times .
Hmm – sounds a bit familiar , does n’t it ?
Then – perhaps another quick - quiz question to leave you with :
All things considered – including the fact that , passionate " Ditto - head " supporters or not , Coughlin ’s radio audience was more than double what Limbaugh ’s is ( and that was back when the US population was only about one - third of what it is now ) – does n’t it seem more than likely that in ( say … ) 2050 or ’ 60 , most people who are asked , " Do you know who Rush Limbaugh was ? " will have to scratch their heads a bit to come up with even any tiny piece of trivia about the man blustering and babbling his way into headlines lately ?
Or , to recall an appropriate bit of poetry from Percy Bysshe Shelley – regarding the ironic ruins of a long - abandoned statue paying tribute to a forgotten man ’s former worldly achievements – " My name is Ozymandias , king of kings : / Look on my works , ye Mighty , and despair ! "
… Well , that ai n’t exactly the desperate , attention - seeking " Talent on loan from God ! " – but , eh , it ’s awfully close …
Look for my regular posts here on The Stonecipher Report .
( And , for a free subscription to my twice - weekly e-mail column on politics and pop-culture , " And , in the News … " send a note to : m_l_sweeney@hotmail.com )
Mr. Weber , 47 , had worked as a newscaster for a number of shows on WABC - AM , including the popular talk - radio program that had been hosted by Curtis Sliwa and Ron Kuby .
In February 2008 , after more than 12 years at WABC , Mr. Weber was laid off in a cost - cutting move , according to his Web site , www.georgeweber.net.
Since that time , he had been employed by ABC News Radio , the national network , as a freelance anchor .
Image George Weber
Steve Jones , a vice president of the network , said in a statement that Mr. Weber was “ a consummate journalist . ”
Mr. Weber ’s last newscast was on March 15 .
Aaron Katersky , a friend and fellow ABC radio reporter , said colleagues had become worried on Saturday when Mr. Weber did not show up for his shift .
The police found him dead on Sunday morning when they searched his ground - floor apartment on Henry Street in Carroll Gardens , where he lived alone .
Mr. Weber ’s radio career began when he was 16 and talked his way into a job at a daytime - only station in Doylestown , Pa. , near where he grew up .
Before he came to New York , he had worked in Los Angeles , San Francisco and Denver .
Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg said in a statement that Mr. Weber had been “ an absolutely central part ” of the mayor ’s Friday show on WABC .
“ George called news events as he saw them with little regard to party politics or ideology , ” Mr. Bloomberg said .
WASHINGTON ( AP )  Senior CIA officials ordered that waterboarding and other brutal tactics be used on a suspected terrorist even though interrogators believed he had already said all he knew , a newspaper reported Saturday .
The rough interrogation of al - Qaeda prisoner Abu Zubaydah included confining him in boxes and slamming him against the wall , and was prompted by a highly inflated assessment of his importance , The New York Times reported , citing former intelligence officials and a newly released legal memorandum .
OBAMA : CIA interrogators wo n't face charges
One former intelligence official with direct knowledge of the case said Zubaydah already had provided valuable information under less severe treatment , and the harsh tactics did not result in a breakthrough .
Rather , his captors suffered great distress witnessing his torment , the official said .
" Seeing these depths of human misery and degradation has a traumatic effect , " the official told the newspaper .
President Obama authorized the release of graphic " torture memos " that outlined the harsh interrogation tactics the CIA used during the administration of George W. Bush .
The disclosures , which came Thursday , went against the advice of some Obama advisers , including CIA Director Leon Panetta .
He argued that releasing vivid descriptions of brutal tactics could set a dangerous precedent for future disclosures of intelligence sources and methods .
A footnote to another memo described a rift between the officers questioning Zubaydah at a secret CIA prison in Thailand , who thought he was being compliant , and their bosses at headquarters , who believed he was withholding information .
A legal opinion dated Aug. 1 , 2002 , shows that the U.S. misunderstood the importance of Zubaydah from the beginning .
Zubaydah was captured in Pakistan in 2002 after a gunfight with Pakistani officers backed by CIA and FBI officers .
The Bush administration portrayed him as an al - Qaeda leader , and the memo described him as a " senior lieutenant " to Osama bin Laden .
Zubaydah made his most important revelation early , naming Khalid Sheikh Mohammed as the main organizer of the Sept. 11 , 2001 plot .
His interrogators surmised he was not a leader , but a training camp personnel clerk who arranged false documents and travel for the jihadists .
CIA headquarters insisted he must know more and ordered repeated waterboarding — a harsh tactic that simulates drowning — against Zubaydah .
" He pleaded for his life , " one of the former intelligence officials told the Times .
" But he gave up no new information .
He had no more information to give . "
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Discussion of Atheistic Pantheism and Classical Deism
by Lewis Loflin
Pantheism is just spiritual atheism , that has no relation to Deism .
It claims to be based on science , but is poisoning science with pagan philosophy and mindless mysticism .
It 's become a type of fundamentalist ' religion increasingly driven by emotion devoid of reason .
This discussion will look at just what pantheism is and how it is a threat to humanity .
Just wanted to say that Pantheism is n't just thinking nature is god , it 's more the believe that the Universe is god .
Believing that people would also be god is not a ' request ' for pantheism .
And I also need to disappoint you with the fact that Pantheism is n't New Age ( at least , in your description of New Age )
Also , saying that Pantheism is without reason is n't right as well ( I am pantheist because of reason )
Overall , Pantheism is the definition of people who believe in that the universe is divine , it 's therefore more an extension to Deism .
Atresica < atresica@mad.scientist.com >
The Netherlands - Tuesday , May 21 , 2002 at 07:31:33 ( PDT )
Rational ?
Really ?
No it 's not it 's about feelings not reason .
Most of the universe is simply rock , gas , and metal completely devoid of life or real purpose , but the worship of this is rational ?
This person would go on and claim his belief was derived from chat boards and never bothered to look up the historical and dictionary definitions of the term .
This is a common problems with alleged deism websites that refuse to even define deism and openly reject its historical context - while claiming the authority of it .
Many modern deists simply seek a way to attack theism .
Referring to New Age Religion from http://www.religioustolerance.org/ in their article that listed New Age beliefs :
" Pantheism :
All that exists is God ; God is all that exists .
This leads naturally to the concept of the divinity of the individual , that we are all Gods .
They do not seek God as revealed in a sacred text or as exists in a remote heaven ; they seek God within the self and throughout the entire universe . "
According to Quakers and Deists and from John Punshon 's Portrait in Grey : A Short History of the Quakers they quote Deism as ,
" Deism , the " doctrine that God is quite other than the cosmos and entirely transcends it .
Having created it as a closed system , he remains aloof from its operations and lets it go its own way " ( 160 ) .
This is God the creator , the " father . "
People who adhere to this theology tend to stress rational thought and science as a way of discovering truth , they tend to also place great emphasis on classic religious texts .
Orthodox Quakerism is more sympathetic to Deism .
For deists " the light was the inherent rational capacity of the mind . " ( 161 ) "
And pantheism as ,
" Pantheist , " the view that God and the universe are one entity , and that the divine is wholly immanent in the creation . " ( 160 ) .
This is God as Spirit , as Holy Ghost , as Sanctifier .
Silent and unprogrammed worship is most compatible with this theology , since it facilitates awareness of the spiritual dimensions of reality .
It also leads to Universalism ( as we define it , the belief that all religions are means to approach a the same spiritual reality ) since many other faiths also practice this form of spiritual worship , e.g. , Buddhism , Hinduism .
Gandhi's book " All Religions Are True " is consistent with this philosophy .
Pantheist Quakers view the " light [ as ] the direct operation of God upon the soul , something which the deist cosmology in principle refused to admit . " ( 161 ) . "
My dictionary says on pantheism , " a form monism that identifies mind and matter ... making them ... the self developing universe , conceived as a whole , as God ... The worship of all as Gods .... "
So says Funk and Wagnalls .
I know of no Deist that believes what Atresica stated above .
Deism says
God created the universe , not God created God nor made the universe divine or is the universe divine .
Deism rejects the divinity of the material world be it the universe or its parts or contents .
This kind of pantheism and other Eastern style religion led to transcendentalism that is at total odds with both Deism and its close cousin Christian Unitarianism .
Let me remind the reader of what traditional five articles of English Deism , which in no manner God merely created the universe and went away :
1. belief in the existence of a single supreme God
2. humanity 's duty to revere God
3. linkage of worship with practical morality
4 . God will forgive us if we repent and abandon our sins
5. good works will be rewarded ( and punishment for evil ) both in life and after death .
What is not outright stated for Deism is God does n't meddle in day to day life .
Pantheism is not an extension of Deism but the polar opposite of Deism .
Nobody said a pantheist is without reason , but New Age religion is a rejection of reason in favor of " inner feelings " whatever that amounts to .
Pantheism goes back to the ancient Greek Stoics and is a forerunner to Deism says Leo Rosten 's Religions of America page 259 .
Go argue with him .
While Deists may adopt some Stoic ethics , it rejects Stoic religious beliefs .
But quoting Gary Suttle of the Pantheist Association for Nature ,
" Pantheism is the synthesis which transcends both theism and atheism ... that the Universe is the ultimate reality and the most worthy object of reverence , while Nature is a sacred manifestation of the Totality , or All - One , in which all things are inseparable components ... Most Taoists are Pantheists , along with many Chinese , Japanese and Western Buddhists , deep Ecologists , Pagans , Animists , followers of many native religions , and many Unitarian Universalists ... Many Atheists and Humanists may be Pantheists without realizing it ... "
But Gary gets to be even more fun , " more contemporary forms of Pantheism , such as Scientific or Natural Pantheism , do not believe in mythical deities , supernatural entities or powers , but they do consider the Universe / Cosmos to be Divine .
Divinity does not refer to an objective property of the Universe , but to an aspect of one 's spiritual relationship with it - one 's deepest awe and recognition of the mystery , power , and ineffable beauty of All That IS . "
Mystery or mysticism ?
He sounds New Age to me , and he seems to think a lot of people are pantheists .
" Since Earth Day in 1970 , ecological issues have gained widespread public attention ... Conservation organizations , outdoor writers , ecotours , and field guides popularize the love of Nature .
Humans hold sacred what they most dearly love and value , and thus Pantheism often arises from personal experience in Nature .
The continued growth of environmentalism and the flowering of Pantheism go hand in hand ... "
Many eco-beliefs also run hand in hand with socialism .
Quoting the Catholic Encyclopedia on Pantheism ,
" the view according to which God and the world are one . "
The name pantheist was introduced by John Toland ( 1670 - 1722 ) in his " Socinianism truly Stated " ( 1705 ) ... there is probably no pure pantheism " .
Taken in the strictest sense , i.e. as identifying God and the world , Pantheism is simply Atheism .... Two questions then arise :
What is the nature of this being ?
How are the manifold appearances to be explained ?
The principal answers are incorporated in such different earlier systems as Brahminism , Stoicism , Neo-Platonism , and Gnosticism ...
Strict pantheism is n't theism , rejecting a belief in a transcendent or personal God as the creator of the universe and the judge of humans .
Pantheists seem to reject even the word " God . "
Naturalistic pantheism believes that the Universe either originated itself out of nothing , or has existed forever .
In other words , the universe " self - created " itself .
Modern scientific pantheism is materialistic , believing that design in the universe can be fully accounted for by principles of evolution and self - organization .
It rejects the notion of separate spirits or survival of the soul after death .
For most of the rest of my discussion I 'll refer to naturalistic ( materialistic ) pantheism as opposed to traditional pantheism as found in Hinduism .
Pantheism is also distinguished from Panentheism , which holds that God is in everything , but also transcends the Universe .
Panentheism makes no rational sense at all .
These naturalistic beliefs are identical with atheism .
So why do atheists insist on covering their atheism with pantheism or inserting this de-facto atheism into Deism ?
The avoid the negative label of " atheist " and there 's a " feel good " aspect of having something real to believe in .
Deism also supplies a collection of alleged famous people to elevate the belief beyond the mere new - age sounding character of the belief .
Pantheism uses the exact same critiques of transcendental religions and supernatural beliefs as does atheism .
It 's a secular religion , claiming to be a product of science , and seems to reduce science to a type of mysticism .
Alternate names includes religious atheism , affirmative atheism , Monism , or Cosmism .
It is also very close to Taoism , some forms of Chinese and Japanese Buddhism , and neo- Confucianism .
That 's why Eastern religion is so attractive to so many atheists / pantheists .
Let 's call it what it is , atheism .
Unlike atheism alone , pantheism seems to be an emotional response of atheism .
It focuses not simply on bashing transcendental beliefs and religions , but attempts to stress the positive aspects of life and nature - the profound aesthetic and emotional responses that most people feel towards nature and the night sky .
In other words , it 's a feel - good form of atheism .
It also avoids many scientific facts about Nature , indulging in wishy - washy spiritualism .
They claim all of this is possible without retreating one millimeter from the rigorously empirical attitude of reality found in modern science .
A good example is the environmental movement , often filled by spiritualists that have little regard for science and operate off emotion .
As writer and scientist Michael Crichton noted ,
we live in a secular society in which many people ... do not believe in any religion .
But I think that you cannot eliminate religion from the psyche of mankind .
If you suppress it in one form , it merely re-emerges in another form .
You can not believe in God , but you still have to believe in something that gives meaning to your life , and shapes your sense of the world .
Such a belief is religious .
Today , one of the most powerful religions in the Western World is environmentalism .
Environmentalism seems to be the religion of choice for urban atheists .
Why do I say it 's a religion ?
Well , just look at the beliefs .
If you look carefully , you see that environmentalism is in fact a perfect 21st century remapping of traditional Judeo - Christian beliefs and myths ...
In other words , we have our war of the bad people ( eco-defilers or consumers or those that live in developed nations ) versus the good people ( environmental earth protectors ) working towards a spiritual ( and often socialist ) utopia .
Like closely related New Age religion , it 's a hodge - podge grow your own religion .
Some also seem to promote primitivism .
Pantheists and New Age types have hijacked environmentalism and as Crichton points out are killing people in pursuit of religious myth .
Marxism is also another religion for the urban atheist .
Ref. Remarks to the Commonwealth Club by Michael Crichton
Other forms of pantheism
Common with New Agers , is pan-psychic pantheism - the belief that the universe / God has a collective soul , mind or will .
This version was most clearly expressed by Hegel , and in more modern times by A. N. Whitehead and Teilhard de Chardin ( process metaphysics ? ) .
Another variant is the idea that humans are in some way the mind of the universe ( the global brain ? ) .
Our evolution - indeed our active help - is seen as helping the universe to attain its full potential .
( Creative Immortality ) .
( Wikipedia ) Seems New Age to me .
Cosmotheism
While the term is rarely used , and is most often simply a synonym for Pantheism , this unusual philosophy has been used rather differently , but in all cases , the feeling was that God was something created by man , perhaps even an end state of human evolution , through social planning , eugenics and other forms of genetic engineering .
H. G. Wells subscribed to a form of Cosmotheism , which he called the " world brain " ( from a book of essays by the same name he printed in 1937 , one of which details the creation of a Library - encyclopedia hybrid ) , and detailed even more in his book God the Invisible King ( in which he proscribes mankind to set up a socialist system , structuring itself on social and genetic statistics , education , and eugenics , ideally someday equating itself and possibly even merging with and conquering the Pantheist god itself .
In Omega Point and also some sections of his great work Outline of History reflected this belief and his finding it in the teachings of Jesus Christ and Siddhartha .
His book Shape of Things to Come ( and the 1936 film Things to Come ) also reflects this , in which mankind , surviving a Nuclear war and an extended Feudal period , unites to form a collectivist Utopia .
In the 20th century United States , William Luther Pierce , a white nationalist associated with the American Nazi Party and founder of the National Alliance also utilized the term " Cosmotheism " .
In his eyes ( similar to H. G. Wells ' ) , God would be the end result of eugenics and racial hygiene ( Nazism and Theosophy ) .
Ref. Wikipedia
More words from pantheists
I got a response back form Atresica ,
Well , I do not refer to any sources or something , I merely go by what I believe and have seen at the regular Deism / Pantheism community .
but I must say that you are giving to everything your own twist , you claim to say that deists should follow christen bases , but deism only means that you believe in God , nothing more , nothing less .
Do n't give things more meaning than they actually have .
And why classify Pantheism as New Age ?
That makes no sense I truly have the feeling most of the things you have on your website are more from your perspective than from facts .
Gee wiz , Deists do believe in God , you do not .
Here is some material right off talk .
religion .
pantheism , something they call a " pantheist deity "
The natural is the supernatural and vice - versa - well , sort of .
Thus , to me , all of reality - all of existence is " supernatural " - in a sense - in the sense that it 's utterly amazing and miraculous .
That is , I really do sense , not just believe , that the All is The Only Thing There IS - you know , like Taoism - The Tao is the name of the Nameless one - once you name it - then you no longer have Unity - so the Tao is n't really the Tao , only a name for something nameless - the ultimate Unity - matter , energy , spirit - they 're all the same thing .
Next ... hmmm ....
I 'll top Einstein as I think it 's not just about energy and matter being related , or the different sides of the same coin- the unified field theory Einstein did n't figure out can't be figured out without a third element - spirit - which is not just a ghost like thing - it 's as real or unreal ( depending on perspective ) as matter and energy - so , somehow , it must be factored into that equation - somehow , someway , if you have energy and matter is some proper combination , you 'll get SPIRIT .
He / she who comes up with the formula will have immense powers .
Next ...
Joe , this is precisely what De Quincey was saying in ' Radical Nature ' ( reference above ) : spirit ( aka soul ) coexists with matter / energy .
It is a different type of stuff to matter in that it has no extension in space and cannot , therefore , be quantified but it exists and it exists in all matter , all the way down .
He presents no formula as , unlike Einstein , he is not a physicist but a philosopher but he does make a very good case ( if a somewhat challenging read ) .
Next ...
The supernatural is just something we do n't understand yet .
One of the original Pantheists , Heraclitus of Ephesus said some 2600 years ago that it " is now , forever was , and forever will be an EVER - LIVING FIRE " .
No beginning .
No end .
Just constant FLUX .
Modern cosmology suggests that an infinite number of " universes " such as ours are produced by that process .
-- L .
OK , enough of this nonsense .
I think I 'll use academic references , not chat boards .
Thank you Atresica for your valuable insights .
How pantheism led to Christianity
Ephesus plays a major role in creating Christianity .
In nearby Miletus , Thales was born around 640 BC .
He would be the father of modern science , sort of .
Thales believed the universe was not erratic in its workings , and not under the arbitrary control of gods and spirits .
The universe operated by fixed rules ( laws of nature ) and these laws could be worked out by man through observation and reason .
This is the basis of modern science , and Thales never denied God / gods .
Then he seems to delve into pantheism believing " motive force was not a supernatural being .
It was a force within the universe itself .
Thales never invoked a power that was not present in nature itself , because he believed that he had recognized a force which underpinned the events of nature . "
He also believed the earth floated on water .
( IEP )
Later came Heraclitus of Ephesus , not far from Militus in modern Western Turkey .
He would coin a new term Logos , to represent the rational principle which the world was created .
Logos ( " Word " in English ) in Greek refers to the whole rational structure of knowledge and we use it in modern science terms .
For example , zoology meaning ( words concerning animals ) ; geology ( words concerning the earth ) ; etc .
It seems Heraclitus was also a mystic , and later Greek mystics ( including Plato ) would expand the idea in such a way this Logos would become a god , or the rational , creative mind of god .
The Judaism this would be " Wisdom . " ( Ref. Asimov 's Guide to the Bible , pages 960 - 65 . )
The Stoics and Epicureans borrowed from Heraclitus .
Both Heraclitus and Thales would go on to influence Plato and other Greek philosophers and mystics .
( Most were pantheists creating a confused mess of science and mysticism .
One group would be the Stoics , whose major centers of learning included Tarsus , the home city of the Apostle Paul .
Philo of Alexandria " produced a synthesis of both traditions ( Greek Platonisn and Stoicism with Judaism ) developing concepts for future Hellenistic interpretation of messianic Hebrew thought , especially by Clement of Alexandria , Christian Apologists like Athenagoras , Theophilus , Justin Martyr , Tertullian , and by Origen .
He may have influenced Paul , his contemporary , and perhaps the authors of the Gospel of John and the Epistle to the Hebrews . "
( IEP )
Tertullian , another former pantheist and Platonist , claimed , " Jerusalem has nothing to do with Athens ... I believe because it is absurd ... that religious faith is both against and above reason . "
He proclaims , " when we believe , we desire to believe nothing further . "
( IEP )
Paul would establish one of his main churches in Ephesus , which by tradition the writer of the Gospel of John wrote his works after 90 AD .
Here we have the full blown Logos ( Word ) of God ; " In the beginning was the Word , and the Word was with God , and the Word was God .
The same was in the beginning with God .
All things were made by him ; and without him was not any thing made that was made . "
( John 1:1 -3 ) They also decided that the Holy Spirit , a pantheist ' entity , was also the same as God .
It 's also a fact most of the Church Fathers were Platonists .
This is what happens when one tries to mix science , mysticism , philosophy , and religion , which pantheists tend to do .
Note IEP is the Internet Encyclopedia of Philosophy .
Why Deism differs from pantheism
Here is a typical Deist ' view from Kathy ,
I first signed your guest book about two years ago when I first discovered your site .
I 've been reading from it since then , some times more often than others .
I was raised many brands of Christian , including a few years in the JW cult .
Then , I believed that I was atheist for something like eight years during my 20s , but that did n't work for me because reason does n't support spontaneous life nor the desire of most humans to do what 's right and good ( even if we do fail at it often ) .
I tried Christianity again , but there are too many inconsistencies in the New Testament that I could see before even reading them documented here .
Then , although it 's not Biblical , the Trinity never made sense to me .
Even as a small child , I knew that three is n't one and one is n't three .
If there must be three , even a small child can tell you that the three would be the Father , the Mother and the ( holy ) Child , which brings me to another problem that I have with Judeo - Christian tradition and beliefs and that is the total disregard and even hatred of women .
Eve was an afterthought who taught Adam to sin and the view of women just went downhill from there .
No , I 'm not buying it .
Then , like A from GA , I realized that I'm a Deist upon discovering Deism .
It 's too bad that you can't put all of this info that you 've brought together into a book or series of books .
I know that I 'd buy them for the convenience of reading this in book form .
But I suppose that the legal issues would be outrageous due to the number of sources and authors that you 've brought into one place .
And let 's do n't even think about the number of religions and cults , chock full of dogma , that would be created as a result of the book (s ) , which would totally defeat the purpose , right ?
Deism is more than trashing other religions as it's used today , and is much more widespread than Christians or atheist / pantheists want to admit .
Most Christians do n't believe everything they read in the Bible .
Most would never believe getting sick is caused by evil spirits that can be caste out , they go to the doctor .
Deism was the result of two issues within Christianity : clerical abuse and control , and a way to reconcile reason and science with God .
In other words , God without the fundamentalism .
A Deist subordinates Scripture to reason .
For on this issue see At the Origins of English Rationalism by T.E. Wilder .
One confusion for fundamentalists is the belief everyone that walks into church is somehow " born again . "
Nonsense , I like Kathy on occasion attend a Methodist Church , or I join in with a non-Orthodox Jewish group .
I celebrate a number of holidays from both faiths , having no need to convert anyone .
In fact , my license plate says " DEIST " so there 's no mistaking my position .
Many of this nation 's founders attended church , but were also Freemasons and various forms of free thinkers .
Deists will reject issues such as virgin births as absurd or the Trinity ( based on Greek philosophy ) or other forms of mysticism .
Deists do n't believe
God controls everything , leaving it up to us to make our own way .
In other words , Deism embraces free will and freedom to act , and rejects atheist / pantheist determinism , the idea what you do today is controled by events in the past , and Christian predistination .
Two of the worst in this were John Calvin and Spinoza .
Now this from Brian ,
I read your discussion of pantheism and deism , and I protest that you are overlooking " pandeism " , a theory combining elements of pantheism with deism .
Pandeism posits that an active " deistic "
God designed and created the universe , but in the act of creating the universe , this God became a passive pantheistic God conterminous with the universe ( which explains why we can no longer communicate with the creator - God ) .
This idea is , I suppose , more of the new - age type religion on which you commented , but elements of the idea can be found in the writings of Heraclitus , the Epicureans , Bruno , Kant , and most clearly in Spinoza .
I would welcome your thoughts on this theory !
Why not keep to the simple explanation as much as possible ?
I keep Deism within its Christian and Jewish roots to counter gross superstition .
Pandeism is just pantheism .
What I see is a desire by many of those that do this is a continued attempt to strip out the roots of Deism .
By doing so they fill it in with various philosophies or tend towards mysticism .
This is what happened when pseudo - Gnostics like Paul and the Greek writer of John screwed around with Judaism by introducing various Greek philosophies and mysticism producing Gnosticism and Christianity , nearly destroying the original faith and killing lots of others in the process .
That is what you are trying to do here .
You do n't understand traditional Deism or simply do n't like it .
You are substituting other things to replace it .
One problem with Greek philosophers is ancient Greece never separated mathematics from mysticism .
Spinoza was heavily influenced by the Stoics and was a first class mystic .
Deism once again believes in a transcendent God , not a god combined with Nature or the material world .
Thus we avoid mysticism and pseudo - science , often followed by the Greek philosophers .
The trouble is science has been invaded once again by mysticism , and this mysticism is the part of science used by pantheism to promote their " true religion . "
Conclusion
In conclusion pantheism often runs with New Age religion , but not always .
Pantheism is often drawn from Greek philosophy , and tends to invade other belief systems like a virus .
The idea , in particular with the environmental movement , is it opens the door to genocide .
The belief that humans have no more worth than bacteria , makes the human race expendable .
Further , the belief that we must not conquer and use nature for human benefit , has led to the death of millions in the Third World by denying them technology like pesticides and nuclear power .
Further , science is being invaded and undermined as it is misused and distorted to justify an often fantasy utopia .
Nature after all has now become divine , and humans are mere insects in their view .
It 's the preferred religion of atheism , often within the environmental movement .
Deism does n't reduce nature to an abstract divinity .
Deism holds humans as God 's greatest creation , flaws and all .
By separating divinity from nature , we can make rational decisions on both using and protecting our world for the benefit of the human race .
Humans are better than bugs and slugs .
Science has no business being mixed with spiritualism .
Resources Exposition of Pantheism :
Phenomenology of Mind , by G.W.F .
Hegel .
, by G.W.F .
Hegel .
The Essentials of Indian Philosophy , by M. Hiriyanna .
, by M. Hiriyanna .
Enneads , by Plotinus .
, by Plotinus .
The Hindu View of Life , by Sarvepali Radhakrishnan .
, by Sarvepali Radhakrishnan .
Ethics , by Benedict Spinoza .
, by Benedict Spinoza .
Behold the Spirit , by Alan Watts .
Anti-theistic Theories , by Robert Flint . ( chaps. 9,10 and apps . 39 - 41 )
, by Robert Flint .
( chaps. 9,10 and apps .
39 - 41 ) Systematic Theology by Charles Hodge . ( Vol I )
by Charles Hodge .
( Vol I ) Pantheism and Christianity , by John Hunt .
, by John Hunt .
Concepts of Deity , by H.P. Owen . ( chaps. 2 and 3 )
, by H.P. Owen .
( chaps . 2 and 3 ) Mysticism , Scared and Profane , by Robert C. Zaehner .
Additional Information
Evaluation of Pantheism :
pantheism [ Greek pan=all , theos= God ] , name used to denote any system of belief or speculation that includes the teaching " God is all , and all is God . "
Pantheism , in other words , identifies the universe with God or God with the universe .
The term is thought to have been employed first by John Toland in the 18th cent . , but pantheistic views are of very great antiquity .
While all pantheism is monistic , it is expressed in different ways according to what is meant by the one whole that gathers up in itself all that exists , or what is meant by God .
If the pantheist starts with the belief that the one great reality , eternal and infinite , is God , he sees everything finite and temporal as but some part of God .
There is nothing separate or distinct from God , for God is the universe .
If , on the other hand , the conception taken as the foundation of the system is that the great inclusive unity is the world itself , or the universe ,
God is swallowed up in that unity , which may be designated nature .
Some forms of pantheism have had their beginnings in religion ; others have been based upon a philosophic , scientific , or poetic point of view .
This conception is closely connected with the idea of emanation .
Pantheism had a place in the speculations of some Greek philosophers .
Xenophanes taught that the one God could know no motion or change .
The conception of Parmenides left no room for development or ethical meaning .
Stoicism gave a more definite expression to pantheistic doctrine , emphasizing the identity of God and the world .
There is pantheism in the teachings of the Neoplatonists and the writings of Giordano Bruno of the 16th century carried such weight as to influence the development of modern thought , especially through Spinoza , in whose monistic system pantheism receives its most complete and precise expression .
In it God is the unlimited , all - inclusive substance , the first cause of the universe , with innumerable attributes , two of which , thinking and extension , are capable of being perceived .
Pantheism of a kind can be traced in the idealistic philosophy of Fichte and Schelling , Hegel and Schleiermacher .
Together with mysticism , it fills a large place in literature , particularly in the poetry of nature .
emanation , in philosophy
emanation [ Latin , flowing from ] , cosmological concept that explains the creation of the world by a series of radiations , or emanations , originating in the godhead .
It is characteristic of Neoplatonism and of Gnosticism and is frequently encountered in Indian metaphysics .
In the history of Western thought it has been to some extent , as in Neoplatonism , opposed to the Judeo - Christian conception of creation , in which the eternal God makes all from nothing .
To explain the relation of a totally transcendent God to a finite and imperfect world , the belief in emanation denies that God directly created the world but maintains rather that the world is the result of a chain of emergence through emanations .
From God ( the One , or the Absolute ) , the one prime principle , flows the divine substance ; his own substance never lessens .
As the flow proceeds farther from God , however , its divinity steadily decreases .
When a stone is dropped into water , the circles ever widening from the point ( God ) where the stone fell are emanations , becoming fainter and fainter .
Emanation never ceases , the whole process moving continuously outward from God .
In the 3d cent .
A.D. , Plotinus and other Neoplatonists developed a clear system of emanation .
The Neoplatonists ascribed to Plato an emanative concept in his Idea of the Good as being supreme , the lesser ideas being in some way related to the Idea of the Good .
Epictetus c.A.D. 50 - c.A.D. 138 , Phrygian Stoic philosopher .
He wrote nothing , but his teachings were set down by his disciple Arrian in the Discourses and the Encheiridion .
Epictetus emphasized indifference to external goods and taught that the true good is within oneself .
His Stoicism was outstanding in its insistence on the doctrine of the brotherhood of man .
Note : there are elements of Eastern Religion in Stoicism .
Stoicism
Stoicism , school of philosophy founded by Zeno of Citium ( in Cyprus ) c.300 B.C.
The first Stoics were so called because they met in the Stoa Poecile [ Gr. , =painted porch ] , at Athens , a colonnade near the Agora , to hear their master Zeno lecture .
He had studied with Crates the Cynic , and his own teaching included the Cynic adaptation of the Socratic ideals of virtue , endurance , and self - sufficiency .
He added to them the explanation of the physical universe given by Heraclitus and something of the logic of Aristotle .
The development and organization of Zeno 's doctrines into a great system of metaphysics was the work of Chrysippus ( c.280-207 B.C. ) , successor to Cleanthes .
Among the acknowledged leaders of the Stoics in the following period was Panaetius of Rhodes , who in the 2d cent .
B.C. introduced Stoicism into Rome .
He and his pupil Posidonius sought to lessen the attacks of critics by mingling with the Stoic doctrines some of Plato 's psychological views .
Cicero , a pupil of Posidonius , was indebted to a work of Panaetius for the basis of his own treatise De officiis .
The Romans , who had received Stoicism more cordially than they did any other Greek philosophy , can claim the third period as their own .
To it belong the philosophers Seneca and Epictetus of Phrygia and the emperor Marcus Aurelius .
Stoicism , with its roots in earlier doctrines and theories of the human person and the universe , built up an ideal of the virtuous , wise man .
Regarding philosophy as divided into physics , logic , and ethics , the Stoics made logic and physics a foundation for ethics .
The physical theory underlying Stoicism is materialistic .
All that has reality is material .
Force , which is the shaping principle , is joined with matter .
The universal working force , God , pervades all and becomes the reason and soul in the animate creation .
In their ethical creed , the Stoics accepted virtue as the highest good in life .
They identified virtue with happiness , claiming that it was untouched by changes in fortune .
" To live consistently with nature " was a familiar maxim among the Stoics .
Only by putting aside passion , unjust thoughts , and indulgence and by performing duty with the right disposition can people attain true freedom and rule as lords over their own lives .
Bibliography
See J. M. Rist , Stoic Philosophy ( 1969 ) ; A. A. Long , ed. , Problems in Stoicism ( 1971 ) ; A. A. Long and P. N. Sedley , The Hellenistic Philosophers , ( 2 vol. , 1987 ) ; M. Reesor , The Nature of Man in Early Stoic Philosophy ( 1989 ) .
mysticism [ Greek , the practice of those who are initiated into the mysteries ] , the practice of putting oneself into , and remaining in , direct relation with God , the Absolute , or any unifying principle of life .
Mysticism is inseparably linked with religion .
Because of the nature of mysticism , firsthand objective studies of it are virtually impossible , and students must confine themselves to the accounts of mystics , autobiographical and biographical , or , as the mystics themselves say , they must experience for themselves .
The terms mystic and mysticism are used very broadly in English , being extended to mean magic , occultism , or the esoteric .
As used on this webpage , mysticism excludes magic , occultism , and the esoteric .
The Nature of Mysticism
There are certain common fallacies current about mysticism : that mystics are not " practical " and that they are revolutionary ; on the contrary , many of the greatest mystics have been both intensely active as well as submissive to authority of whatever sort .
Nor is the " solitary thinker " necessarily , or even usually , a mystic .
There is no accepted explanation of mysticism .
There are two general tendencies in the speculation of mystics - to regard God as outside the soul , which rises to its
God by successive stages , or to regard God as dwelling within the soul and to be found by delving deeper into one 's own reality .
The idea of transcendence , as held most firmly by mystics , is the kernel of the ancient mystical system , Neoplatonism , and of Gnosticism .
Their explanation of the connection between God and humans by emanation is epoch - making in the philosophy of contemplation .
Among those who think of God , or the Supreme Reality , as being within the soul are the Quakers .
The language of mysticism is always difficult and usually symbolic .
This is readily seen in the Song of Songs in the Old Testament , in the book of Revelation in the New Testament , and in the writings of William Blake .
Mystics , especially those of the Roman Catholic and the Islamic traditions , have made use of a terminology borrowed from ordinary human love .
A conventional analysis is as follows :
The soul undergoes a purification ( the purgative way ) , which leads to a feeling of illumination and greater love of God ( the illuminative way ) ; after a period the soul may be said to enter into mystical union with God ( the unitive way ) , which begins with the consciousness that God is present to the soul ; the soul progresses through a time of quiet and an ecstatic state to a final perfect state of union with God ( spiritual marriage ) .
Late in this process there is an experience ( the dark night of the soul ) wherein the contemplative finds himself completely deserted by God , by hope , and , indeed , even by the power to pray ; it lasts sometimes for years .
Visions , voices , ecstasies may accompany any or none of the states of contemplation before the final union .
It is because of these external and nonessential manifestations that the erroneous idea has arisen that all enthusiastic and nonintellectual religious movements are necessarily mystical .
The positive convictions of the mystic arise from the fact that they are based on what he or she must regard as objective reality directly perceived .
Among great Protestant mystics are Jakob Boehme and George Fox , founder of Quakerism , the foremost Protestant mystical movement .
In Judaism the mystical tradition represented by the kabbalah was continued in the modern Hasidism .
For Islamic mysticism , see Sufism .
For Buddhism , Zen Buddhism ; Buddha , also Taoism .
Bruno , Giordano , 1548 - 1600 , Italian philosopher , b. Nola .
He entered the Dominican order early in his youth but was accused of heresy and fled ( c.1576 ) to take up a career of study and travel .
He taught briefly at Toulouse , Paris , Oxford , and Wittenberg , but , personally restless and in constant opposition to the traditional schools , he found no permanent post .
His major metaphysical works ,
De la causa , principio , et uno ( 1584 , tr. The Infinite in Giordano Bruno , 1950 ) and De l'infinito , universo et mondi ( 1584 ) , were published in France .
Further works appeared in England and Germany .
Bruno also wrote satire and poetry .
In 1591 he returned to Venice , where he was tried for heresy by the Inquisition .
After imprisonment at Rome , he was burned to death .
Bruno challenged all dogmatism , including that of the Copernican cosmology , the main tenets of which , however , he upheld .
He believed that our perception of the world is relative to the position in space and time from which we view it and that there are as many possible modes of viewing the world as there are possible positions .
Therefore we cannot postulate absolute truth or any limit to the progress of knowledge .
He pictured the world as composed of individual elements of being , governed by fixed laws of relationship .
These elements , called monads , were ultimate and irreducible and were based on a pantheistic infinite principle , or cause , or Deity , manifest in us and in all the world .
Bruno 's influence on later philosophy , especially that of Spinoza and Leibniz , was profound .
Bibliography : P. H. Michel , The Cosmology of Giordano Bruno ( tr. 1973 ) ; S. Drake , Copernicus - Philosophy and Science : Bruno - Kepler - Galileo ( 1973 ) ; F. A. Yates , Lull and Bruno ( 1982 ) .
Toland , John , 1670 - 1722 , British deist , b. Ireland .
Brought up a Roman Catholic , Toland became a Protestant at 16 .
He studied at Glasgow , Edinburgh , and Leiden and after 1694 lived at Oxford for several years .
In 1696 he published Christianity not Mysterious , in which he tried to reconcile the scriptural claims of Christianity with the epistemology of John Locke .
He asserted that neither God nor his revelation is above the comprehension of human reason .
The book was widely attacked , and it was burned in Ireland in 1697 .
Toland 's next work ( 1698 ) was a biography of John Milton , which also caused a scandal ; it contained a passage that was believed to cast doubt on the authenticity of the New Testament .
His Anglia Libera ( 1701 ) , in support of the Act of Settlement ( see Settlement , Act of ) , brought him favor from the court of Hanover , where he was received by the Electress Sophia .
To her daughter , Sophia Charlotte , he addressed his Letters to Serena ( 1704 ) , in which he argues that motion is an intrinsic quality of matter , thus repudiating the Cartesian conception .
In his Pantheisticon ( 1720 ) he develops the pantheistic ideas implicit in the Letters .
He is believed to have been the first to use the term pantheism .
Below , from IEP article Faith and Reason
STOICS AND EPICUREANS
Reason generally is understood as the principles for a methodological inquiry , whether intellectual , moral , aesthetic , or religious .
Thus is it not simply the rules of logical inference or the embodied wisdom of a tradition or authority .
Some kind of algorithmic demonstrability is ordinarily presupposed .
Once demonstrated , a proposition or claim is ordinarily understood to be justified as true or authoritative .
Comment : science should only deal with methodological inquiry into the workings of nature , not delve into moral or theological questions .
Faith , on the other hand , involves a stance toward some claim that is not , at least presently , demonstrable by reason .
Thus faith is a kind of attitude of trust or assent .
As such , it is ordinarily understood to involve an act of will or a commitment on the part of the believer .
Religious faith involves a belief that makes some kind of either an implicit or explicit reference to a transcendent source .
The basis for a person 's faith usually is understood to come from the authority of revelation .
Revelation is either direct , through some kind of direct infusion , or indirect , usually from the testimony of an other .
Both of these schools of thought derived certain theological kinds of thinking from physics and cosmology .
The Stoics generally held a cosmological view of an eternal cycle of identical world - revolutions and world - destructions by a universal conflagration .
Absolute necessity governs the cyclic process and is identified with divine reason ( logos ) and providence .
This provident and benevolent God is immanent in the physical world .
God orders the universe , though without an explicit purpose .
Humans are microcosms ; their souls are emanations of the fiery soul of the universe .
The Epicureans , on the other hand , were skeptical , materialistic , and anti-dogmatic .
It is not clear they were theists at all , though at some points they seem to be .
They did speak of the gods as living in a blissful state in intermundial regions , without any interest in the affairs of humans .
There is no relation between the evils of human life and a divine guidance of the universe .
At death all human perception ceases .
The Rise of Christianity
Christianity , emerging from Judaism , imposed a set of revealed truths and practices on its adherents .
Many of these beliefs and practices differed significantly from what the Greek religions and Judaism had held .
For example , Christians held that God created the world ex nihilo , that God is three persons , and that Jesus Christ was the ultimate revelation of God.
Nonetheless , from the earliest of times , Christians held to a significant degree of compatibility between faith and reason .
ST . PAUL
The writings attributed to St. Paul in the Christian Scriptures provide diverse interpretations of the relation between faith and reason .
First , in the Acts of the Apostles , Paul himself engages in discussion with " certain Epicurean and Stoic philosophers " at the Aeropagus in Athens ( Acts 17:18 ) .
Here he champions the unity of the Christian God as the creator of all .
God is " not far from any one of us . "
Much of Paul 's speech , in fact , seems to allude to Stoic beliefs .
It reflects a sympathy with pagan customs , handles the subject of idol worship gently , and appeals for a new examination of divinity not from the standpoint of creation , but from practical engagement with the world .
However , he claims that this same God will one day come to judge all mankind .
But in his famous passage from Romans 1:20 , Paul is less obliging to non-Christians .
Here he champions a natural theology against those pagans who would claim that , even on Christian grounds , their previous lack of access to the Christian God would absolve them from guilt for their nonbelief .
Paul argues that in fact anyone can attain to the truth of God 's existence merely from using his or her reason to reflect on the natural world .
Thus this strong compatibilist interpretation entailed a reduced tolerance for atheists and agnostics .
Yet in 1 Corinthians 1:23 , Paul suggests a kind of incompatibilism , claiming that Christian revelation is folly the Gentiles ( meaning Greeks ) .
He points out that the world did not come to know God through wisdom ;
God chose to reveal Himself fully to those of simple faith .
These diverse Pauline interpretations of the relation between faith and reason were to continue to manifest themselves in various ways through the centuries that followed .
EARLY CHRISTIAN APOLOGISTS
Tertullian took up the ideas of Paul in 1 Corinthians , proclaiming that Christianity is not merely incompatible with but offensive to natural reason .
Jerusalem has nothing to do with Athens .
He boldly claimed credo quia absurdum est ( " I believe because it is absurd " ) .
He claims that religious faith is both against and above reason .
In his De Praescriptione Haereticorum , he proclaims , " when we believe , we desire to believe nothing further . "
On the other hand , Justin Martyr converted to Christianity , but continued to hold Greek philosophy in high esteem .
In his Dialogue with Trypho he finds Christianity " the only sure and profitable philosophy . "
In a similar vein , Clement of Alexandria in his Stromata called the Gospel " the true philosophy . "
Philosophy acted as a " schoolmaster " to bring the Greeks to Christ , just as the law brought the Jews .
But he maintained that Greek philosophy is unnecessary for a defense of the faith , though it helps to disarm sophistry .
He also worked to demonstrate in a rational way what is found in faith .
He claimed that " I believe in order that I may know " ( credo ut intelligam ) .
This set Christianity on firmer intellectual foundations .
Clement also worked to clarify the early creeds of Christianity , using philosophical notions of substance , being , and person , in order to combat heresies .
A few choice quotes from this interview
Yes , that was the big revelation to me when I was in graduate schoolâ € ” when I finally understood that the half page of code on the bottom of page 13 of the Lisp 1.5 manual was Lisp in itself .
These were â€ œMaxwellâ€™s Equations of Software !â€ 
I fear â€ ” as far as I can tell â€ ” that most undergraduate degrees in computer science these days are basically Java vocational training .
Even if youâ€™re designing for professional programmers , in the end your programming language is basically a user - interface design .
You will get much better results regardless of what youâ€ ™re trying to do if you think of it as a user - interface design .
Date : Sun , 18 Feb 1996 23:08:05 - 0800
From : Michael Novick < antiracistaction_la@yahoo.com >
Message - Id : < 199602190708.XAA14934@igc2.igc.apc.org >
To : brownh@ccsu.ctstateu.edu
Subject : Buchanan , Pratt et al
Buchanan , Pratt , et al .
By Michael Novick < antiracistaction_la@yahoo.com >
18 February , 1996
Larry Pratt 's association with Pat Buchanan goes back many years .
Pratt runs an assortment of far - right outfits out of an office in the D.C. area , including Gun Owners of America and English First , and has ties to anti-abortion groups as well .
Pratt led an anti-abortion walkout from a Presidential conference on the family .
His Gun Owners of America , which provided key funding to elect pro-militia Congress - members in the 1994 Republican take - over of Congress , was an early endorser of Buchanan 's 1996 campaign .
Pratt is himself a former elected official .
He served as a right wing Virginia state legislator .
Far from simply having made an error in judgment in attending one meeting with Klansmen and racists , he has been a key figure straddling the line and providing links between the " mainstream " right , Christian Reconstructionism , and the openly neo-nazi forces of Christian Identity and the Aryan Nations .
He has spoken , for example , at the Jubilee " Jubilation , " a California gathering sponsored by the leading Christian Identity newspaper , along with Aryan Nations " ambassador " and former Texas Klan leader Louis Beam .
He was a repeated guest on Christian Identity minister Pete Peters 's talk show .
GOD GUTS AND GUNS
Opposition to gun control , based on " biblical principles " more so than the second amendment , is a key aspect of Pratt 's public stance .
In a bizarre footnote to the police beating of Rodney King , Pratt suggested in a letter to the NY Times that King would 've fared better had he been armed to defend himself .
This is apparently a manifestation of Pratt 's self - proclaimed " color - blindedness , " but in fact expresses his blindness to the reality of racism .
Pratt exposed the racist character of his leanings by participating in the Estes Park , CO gathering called by Christian Identity " Reverend " Pete Peters to organize support for white supremacist Randy Weaver , who was arrested after a shoot - out with federal marshals in Idaho .
Pratt , who is a Christian Reconstructionist , brought to the meeting his proposal , based on his book Armed People Victorious , for starting armed Christian militias in the U.S.
The book is a study of efforts he was involved in in Guatemala , to promote the development of civilian armed patrols .
These groups were armed and evangelized by U.S. based Christian right groups , in order to supplement the repressive power of the Guatemalan dictator Efrain Rios - Montt when Congress restricted some military aid to the genocidal Guatemalan Army .
Pratt 's book also reported on similar efforts carried out by retired Gen. John K. Singlaub to arm and train evangelical Christian groups in the Philippines as a " counter - subversive " force under the Aquino administration .
FOREIGN POLICY : DOMINATION , NOT ISOLATION
This also exposes the true nature of Buchanan 's and Pratt 's foreign policy , not isolationism but dominationism .
Pratt is an officer of the Council on Inter - American Security , ( CIS ) .
This hard - right think tank was the author of most of Ronald Reagan 's Latin American policy and repeated the favor for George Bush .
The CIS has extensive ties to the Rev. Sun Myung Moon 's Unification Church , a cult - like , anti-democratic religion which seeks political influence within the right wing movement internationally .
CAUSA , a funding arm of the Moonies with big economic interests in Latin America , is one important link between the two groups .
Pat Buchanan is a leading member of the CIS , along with Singlaub and Adolfo Calero of the Nicaraguan Contras .
In addition to his efforts in the Philippines and his own involvement in the Iran - Contra affair , Singlaub is head of the former World Anti-Communist League ( WACL ) , now re-named the World League for Freedom and Democracy .
WACL was an amalgam of U.S. and European nazis and neo-nazis , Latin American death squads and Asian dictatorships .
CIS is extremely paranoid about the revolutionary potential of Latin America .
The group defined Sandinista Nicaragua as " the fuse " leading to " the bomb " of Mexico .
This hostility extends to Hispanics inside the U.S.
In a paper called " Creating a Hispanic America : Nation Within a Nation ? " , the CIS virtually equated bilingual education and services with terrorism .
" Bilingual education , " it declared , " has national security implications . "
The paper compares the U.S. southwest to French speaking Quebec , with its potential for separatism .
It sees the Mexicano and Spanish speaking population as in themselves a threat to U.S. national security and unity .
The paper also indulges in more blatant racism .
It describes the Indian ancestors of Latinos as " uncivilized barbaric squatters " with " a penchant for grotesque human sacrifices , cannibalism , and kidnapping women . "
This is the ideology that connects Buchanan 's foreign and domestic policies , and that guides English First leader Pratt in his fund - raising appeals for the English Only cause .
ANTI -IMMIGRANT HYSTERIA
In one letter soliciting potential donors to English First , Pratt claimed , " Many immigrants these days are encouraged not to learn English .
They remain stuck in a linguistic ... ghetto , living off welfare and costing working Americans billions of tax dollars . "
Buchanan has embraced Pratt 's anti-immigrant views , calling for a five - year freeze on all immigration .
Pratt 's English First group was one of two principal organization behind the " English Only " movement , a cause to which Bob Dole has also signed on in this election year .
English First promotes a race - based anti-immigrant hysteria and is , if anything , further to the right than the nexus of organizations connected to English - Only leader John Tanton ( U.S. English and the Federation for American Immigration Reform ) , or at least more open about its rightist orientation .
Gun Owners of America similarly positions itself to the right of the National Rifle Association .
The roots of U.S. English , FAIR and others of Tanton 's groups , as well as those of English First , become clear when we examine the major sources of funding for the groups .
Key funding for FAIR has come from the Pioneer Fund , a little known foundation dedicated to eugenics as a means of " racial betterment . "
Pioneer was created in 1937 to support what it called " applied eugenics in present day Germany . "
This was a reference to Hitler 's nazi program of forced sterilization of those judged to be " feeble - minded " or " inferior . "
By 1937 , the violently racist , anti-semitic nature of the nazi regime was already clear .
So Pioneer 's claims to support only scientific , non-racist research , is simply diversionary .
Pioneer has always been linked to the hard right in the U.S. Directors included Rep. Frances Walter of the House Un- American Activities Committee ( HUAC ) , and die - hard segregationist Sen. William Eastland .
In the 1970's , Pioneer funded the racist " genetic " research of William Schockley and Arthur Jensen , which purported to prove that Blacks have hereditarily lower IQ scores than whites .
Jensen served on the advisory board of " Neue Anthropologie , " a German neo-nazi publication of the time .
Pioneer 's support for FAIR and Tanton 's other groups , which are unrelated to genetics , expose the racist thinking behind the fund .
John Trevor , an officer of the Pioneer Fund , testified in Congress against repealing the racial preferences in U.S. immigration law ( enacted in the 1920's at the height of Ku Klux Klan influence and anti-immigrant organizing ) .
Trevor warned that eliminating the preference for Northern Europeans would produce " a conglomeration of racial and ethnic elements " and " a serious cultural decline . "
In addition to Tanton 's groups , Pioneer also funded the work of Roger Pearson , the author of Eugenics and Race , a book which promoted the " Aryan superiority " theories of Hans Gunther , a racial theorist acclaimed in the Third Reich .
This and similar pseudo - science funded by Pioneer formed the basis for the recent book The Bell Curve , promoting the idea that differences in " intelligence , " and in social standing , are based on genetic differences between the races .
Pearson , who had a history of racist activity going back to 1956 , later became a national and international leader of the World Anti-Communist League .
This takes us full - circle back to Pratt 's milieu .
( It should be noted , incidentally , that Thomas Ellis , the head of the Pioneer Fund during the 1970's is a presidential campaign adviser himself -- To Steve Forbes ! )
RACIST , SEXIST ANTI - GAY
Buchanan's and Pratt 's Christian - based anti-gay bigotry also draws them toward the fascist right .
Christian Identity leader " Reverend " Pete Peters , with whom Pratt has repeatedly associated himself , is a major ideological spokesperson of Christian bigotry against gays .
He wrote a book ( dedicated to his " friend the Colonel , " Bo Gritz , former Populist presidential candidate ) , called The Death Penalty for Homosexuals , Prescribed in the Bible .
Peters was found liable for violating fair election practices laws after putting money raised by his " church " into an anti-gay electoral campaign in support of a Colorado state proposition .
As in Oregon and Nevada , such anti-gay organizing has led to violence .
Ruth Williams , a psychotherapist who had displayed a pro-gay rights bumper sticker on her car during the campaign , was beaten unconscious in her office .
Crosses were cut in her skin and Christian slogans spraypainted on the office walls , which was ransacked .
The head librarian at Colorado College , who had displayed a " Vote No on 2 " placard in his yard , had his tires slashed , windows smashed a shot fired into his car .
A book seller involved with the Citizens Project , a main group opposing the anti-gay initiative , had his business repeatedly vandalized .
As in Oregon , cars with pro-gay rights bumper stickers were run off the road .
In one Colorado case , the driver of the other vehicle held up a sign reading " Lesbo " at the woman he had forced off I - 25 .
Practically everyone who wrote letters to the editor of local papers opposing the anti-gay initiative received harassing , anti-gay calls , sometimes death threats .
Although Pratt tries to use his membership in Jews for the Preservation of Gun Ownership as proof against charges of anti-semitism , Buchanan himself has flirted with anti-Jewish rhetoric .
Buchanan couched his opposition to Bush 's Gulf War mobilization in terms similar to those of Tom Metzger , the former Klansman and head of White Aryan Resistance , as serving Israeli rather than U.S. interests .
Buchanan referred to Jewish supporters of the war as an " amen corner for Israel . "
Buchanan also went to great rhetorical lengths in defending accused nazi war criminals .
Abortion is another area where Buchanan 's view have mirrored those of Metzger .
In his column , he favorably quoted Rev. Paul Marx , a clerical - fascistically inclined Catholic anti-choice leader , that Muslim Turkish doctors in Germany were aborting German women at a feverish pace in order to finance their own burgeoning families .
This line , that abortion ( and contraception ) represent cultural suicide for the Western nations is quite close to metzger 's slogan that " abortion is white genocide . "
Moreover , Pratt is not the only suspect campaign and personal associate Buchanan has attached himself to .
Immediately after Pratt 's suspension , a Florida chair for Buchanan 's campaign , Susan Lamb , was terminated after her simultaneous position as local leader of David Duke 's National Association for the Advancement of White People became known .
Duke himself backed Buchanan in the Louisiana primary victory over Phil Gramm that sent his stock soaring .
Buchanan accepted the endorsement , saying " He 's endorsing me , I 'm not endorsing him . "
Buchanan has also been the favorite of the Liberty Lobby 's Willis Carto , who promotes Buchanan as a " populist " and supported him in 1992 and again this year .
Carto's " Spotlight " weekly newspaper , which gives Buchanan constant favorable coverage , is considered the most influential voice of anti-Semitism in the U.S. Carto is both a Holocaust revisionist and a supporter of the forced repatriation of Blacks to Africa .
Another top - level adviser to Buchanan , Samuel Francis , was recently fired by the Moonie - owned Washington Times .
Francis had used the Bible in his Times column to show that slavery and racism were not sins ( a view shared by Pratt as well in his denunciation of liberation theology in Armed People Victorious ) .
In the conservative journal Chronicles , Francis has urged the prohibition of immigration from " countries or cultures that are incompatible with and indigestible to the Euro - American cultural core " of the U.S. Buchanan himself proclaimed that he would rather see a million Englishmen enter the U.S. " than a million Zulus , " claiming this was a cultural and not a racial preference .
Michael Novick with People Against Racist terror , editor of Turning the Tide , a journal of anti-racist activism research and education , and author of White Lies White Power , from Common Courage Press .
A study from Pew Research suggests that the much - ballyhooed Democracy 2.0 — the Web - based phenomenon that supposedly propelled Obama to the presidency and now has the GOP plotting to " do it in the Facebook " — may not be quite the upgrade that many thought .
The evidence so far suggests that , instead of leveling the playing field between rich and poor when it comes to political participation , Democracy 2.0 has exacerbated the differences .
At a weekend conference on " IT and the public good , " put on by the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and hosted by Microsoft and Google , Henry E. Brady of UC Berkeley gave a talk entitled " Internet Political Participation and Socio - Economic Stratification in America . "
The talk covered data from a recent Pew survey on offline and online forms of political participation , in an effort to determine if online forms of political participation are less stratified by income bracket , or more stratified .
Brady said that the survey data was collected right before the November presidential election , and it drew on a random telephone sample of 2,251 adults over 18 .
The Pew Internet and American Life Project carried out the survey , with questions designed by Brady and his two collaborators , Kay Lehman Schlozman of Boston College and Sidney Verba of Harvard University .
The survey looked at a selection of " traditional " political acts , like writing a letter to an official or giving money to politics , and at a roughly analogous selection of Internet - based political acts , like writing an email to an official or giving money over the Web .
It then broke down the percentages of respondents who reported doing these acts by socio- economic status , using the following quintiles :
Dimension of Socio- Economic Status SES quintiles Education Family income Top fifth College Graduate $ 110,000 Fourth fifth Some College $ 60,000 Middle fifth High School plus Technical or Trade $ 45,000 Second fifth High School Graduate $ 35,000 Bottom ( 1st ) fifth Incomplete High School $ 15,000
Remarkably , what the survey found was that political participation was much more highly stratified by SES quintiles for Web - based political acts than for traditional political acts ; this result held even when controlling for age and broadband access , and the stratification exists even within age groups .
Indeed , the results for simple use of social networking sites were n't even remotely as stratified by SES .
The bottom line is that the web has not solved the problem of political stratification in America , and maybe we should not have thought that it could ... the simple fact is that it has n't lead to a Jeffersonian paradise in which everyone , regardless of their class , is equally involved in politics .
For respondents reporting participation in offline political acts , the stratification was 35 percent in the bottom quintile and 75 percent in the top quintile — more than a two - to - one ratio in participation between the top and bottom quintiles .
For online , Web - based political acts , the participation rates were 11 percent in the bottom quintile and 65 percent in the top quintile — more than a six - to - one ratio .
Compare these results to the numbers of respondents ( ages 18 - 30 ) who reported using social networking sites : 52 percent in the bottom quintile and 82 percent in the top quintile .
Clearly , the folks in the bottom quintile are going online to connect to others , but they are n't connecting politically .
The depressing take - home from Brady 's talk was that , at least when it comes to participation in politics , the Web is n't quite the democratizing force that many of us had hoped it would be — in fact , it makes things worse .
" The bottom line , " Brady told the audience , " is that the web has not solved the problem of political stratification in America , and maybe we should not have thought that it could ... the simple fact is that it has n't lead to a Jeffersonian paradise in which everyone , regardless of their class , is equally involved in politics . "
Brady 's brief talk offered no explanation for why Web - based political activity is more highly stratified than offline political activity , though he did offer to share some of his ideas on that subject during the question - and - answer session .
Unfortunately , the conversation in the Q&A did n't return to that topic .
The Q&A conversation was interesting though , and of particular note was the response to Stanford political science professor Joshua Cohen 's insistence that , despite conventional wisdom , the Internet was not , in fact , responsible for putting a Democrat in the White House this election cycle .
Cohen argued that between two unpopular wars , an economic crisis , and President Bush 's historic low approval rates , a Democratic victory was all but guaranteed this past November , and that the Internet had " nothing to do with it . "
The audience and panelists seemed to agree with this point , but one particularly astute audience member then suggested that we could look to the Internet as the deciding factor in determining which Democrat we ended up with .
This suggestion was very well received , even by Cohen , and most of the folks that I talked too at the rest of the conference seemed to agree that if it had n't been for the Internet and the Obama campaign 's deft use of the Web for fundraising and organizing , we'd be reading headlines about President Clinton .
So the rumors are true and we can finally talk about it !
As you ’ve heard and read , UNCHARTED 2 : Among
Thieves will have both competitive and cooperative multiplayer modes .
We managed to keep the secret completely safe for over a year and a half , but right in the home stretch before the embargo lifted today , word got out all over the internet .
Of course the leaked info was only the tip of the iceberg and there is a ton of coverage being released today on dozens and dozens of websites .
So , pick your favorite videogame news site and go check out the coverage from our event last week .
If print magazines are your thing , we ’ve gotten word that we ’ll also be in more than a few magazines around the world in the next few weeks .
If you ’ve been looking closely at our interviews , our team here at Naughty Dog has been growing rapidly and we now have quite a few more Dogs on staff than when work finished on UNCHARTED : Drake ’s Fortune .
It should n’t be a surprise that we had to grow our studio to tackle the task of creating fully - realized multiplayer and co-op modes that would live up to our own high standards and do the UNCHARTED universe justice .
I ’m incredibly proud at the excellent work our team has done so far and it shows in the solid gameplay and incredible polish of the little slice we showed press last week .
And if you ’re dying to get your own hands on it , do n’t worry , we ’re having a multiplayer beta !
It starts on June 3rd and you can get access to it through vouchers in inFamous , which goes on sale May 26th .
We ’ll be back soon to talk more about our single player campaign – do n’t think for a second we ’ve forgotten about that !
The rest of our team at Naughty Dog has been hard at work pushing our engine to its limits while creating a campaign that is more expansive and more ambitious than UNCHARTED : Drake ’s Fortune .
They ’ve even learned a few tricks from our multiplayer and co-op development – truly a win - win situation as all aspects of UNCHARTED 2 are benefiting from the work we ’re putting into both single player and multiplayer modes .
Oh , wait !
Before you leave check out a multiplayer trailer we just finished before the weekend .
[ / caption ]
Are you ready for more stereo vision ?
This haunting Hubble Telescope image has been visualized for dimension by the one and only Jukka Metsavainio and gives us a look at one of the most complex planetary nebulae ever photographed .
Inside NGC 6543 – nicknamed the “ Cat ’s Eye Nebula ” – the Hubble has revealed delicate structures including concentric gas shells , jets of high - speed gas , and unusual shock - induced knots of gas … and thanks to Jukka ’s “ magic vision ” we ’re able to take a look into the Cat ’s Eye as it might appear in dimension .
Step inside and let ’s learn more …
When Jukka produces an image , it ’s more than just a clever Photoshop “ trick ” .
Hours of study must go into each image , because the light is acting differently in each part of the nebula .
To make these images work correctly , Jukka must understand which stars are causing the ionization , which stars are nearer and further from our point of perspective and so on .
Each type of image is totally unique and what makes dimension work for a reflection nebula wo n’t work for an emission nebula .
Says Jukka ;
“ To be able to make those stereo pairs , one have to learn lots of things about the targets , and beside that , study the actual image more deeply than usual .
Star distances must be measured by the size and the color .
For example , stars with yellowish hue must be in or behind the nebulosity , white / blue ones are front of it . ”
Because dimension will appear reversed by the method you choose to use to view these images , Jukka makes two versions .
The first you see at the top of the page is parallel vision – where you relax your eyes and when you are a certain distance from the monitor screen the two images will merge into one to produce a 3D version .
The second – which appears below – is crossed vision .
This is for those who have better success crossing their eyes to form a third , central image where the dimensional effect occurs .
So , now that you understand the images are a visualization and how they are created , let ’s take a parallel look …
And now it ’s my turn to add a little “ magic ” to what you see .
Estimated to be 1,000 years old , the Cat ’s Eye is a portrait of a dying star – and quite possibly an unresolved double - star system .
According to research , the dynamical effects of two stars orbiting one could very well be the cause of the complicated and intricate structures revealed here – structures normally not seen in planetary nebulae .
When NGC 6543 was first observed spectroscopically , it showed the presence of emission lines , an indicator of multiple stars , but also an indictor of diffuse gas clouds .
As studies progressed , more hypothesis about the NGC 6543 ’s structure began to emerge .
Perhaps a fast stellar wind from the central star created the elongated shell …
It could be the companion star is emitting high - speed jets of gas that lie at right angles to the equatorial ring …
Maybe the stellar wind has carved out the inner structure of the nebula are there are more than one there ?
Says L.F. Miranda ;
“ The velocity field of NGC 6543 shows the existence of two concentric ellipsoidal shells in the nebula .
The two shells likely represent the inner and outer surface layers of a geometrically ‘ Thick Ellipsoid ’ ( TE ) which constitutes the basic structure of NGC 6543 . ”
Even more research ensued , and with it came the twin jet theory and the ejection of materials spaced over intervals of time – like cosmic smoke rings being puffed off at perfect intervals .
According to Bruce Balik ; “ Hubble archival images of NGC 6543 reveal a series of at least nine regularly spaced concentric circular rings that surround the famous nebular core , known as the Cat ’s Eye Nebula .
The rings are almost certainly spherical bubbles of periodic isotropic nuclear mass pulsations that preceded the formation of the core .
Their ejection period is consistent with a suggestion that quasi-periodic shells are launched every few hundred years in dust - forming asymptotic giant branch ( AGB ) winds but not consonant with the predictions of extant models of core thermal pulses ( ~105 yr ) and surface pulsations ( ~10 yr ) . ”
To be sure , there are simply a lot of things that we do n’t know or understand about the Cat ’s Eye Nebula just yet .
It is possible that magnetic activity somewhat similar to our own Sun ’s sunspot cycle , could be at work here .
Says Dr. Balick ; “ What do the rings imply ?
Since they ’re larger than the bright cores of the nebulae that they surround , the rings are almost certainly material ejected episodically before the main and bright core of the nebula formed .
This means that the start that ejected the nebulae first quivered and shivered and made these concentric rings .
Then something big happened , and the density and mechanism for ejecting the mass changed abruptly .
This is when the core of the nebula was formed , typically between 1000 and 2000 years ago .
The rhythmic ringing of a dying star is expected as the last of its nuclear fuel is suddenly triggered into ignition by the increasing crush of gravity — much like the juice ejected by squeezing an orange with increasing force .
Each expulsion of juice temporarily relieves the internal pressure inside the orange .
Similarly , each ejection of mass temporarily stops the combustion of the final dregs of the star ’s remaining fuel .
Why should the pattern of ejection mass change so radically and strongly ?
We can only conjecture .
Its possible that an orbiting star or giant planet falls onto the dying star .
It hits the surface with such force that its atoms ignite in a large conflagration .
Somehow , the burst of heat drives the remnants of the dying star into space in fantastic patterns . ”
And we looked right into its eye …
My many thanks once again to Jukka Metsavainio of Northern Galactic for his artistry and we look forward to the next installment !
Foreign Minister Steinmeier ( left ) made his surprise visit to Baghdad just a week after the French president's .
Recent visits to Iraq by senior French and German officials suggest that the European Union is eager to pursue more active relations with Baghdad , and could soon seek a more unified policy on Iraq .
Any new tack aimed at greater engagement is likely to be welcomed in Baghdad , where Prime Minister Nuri al - Maliki 's government has signaled its eagerness to " attract visitors " to Iraq and thereby expand its diplomatic reach and boost trade and economic ties .
On February 10 , President Nicolas Sarkozy became the first French head of state -- and the first Western leader of a country that did not take part in the U.S. - led coalition to oust Saddam Hussein -- to travel to Iraq .
German Foreign Minister Frank - Walter Steinmeier followed this week with a two - day trip to Iraq .
" It is clear that Iraq is currently passing into a new phase from the period that followed the change of the old [ Saddam Hussein ] regime , " Iraqi Deputy Foreign Minister Muhammad Haj Hmoud told RFE / RL's Radio Free Iraq on the heels of the German visit .
Hmoud said newfound stability and elections are " why we see ministers , important officials , and head of states coming to Iraq , " adding , " We even expect more [ such high - level visits ] during this year .
" The French daily " Le Figaro " suggested in a recent editorial that a high - level French visit had been on the cards since November , when the United States pledged to pull combat troops out of Iraq by 2012 , ending a period of U.S. " political tutelage .
"
The paper said Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al - Maliki " deserves support -- all the more so to mark his autonomy from the United States .
" Christopher Pang , who heads the Middle East and North Africa program at the Royal United Services Institute ( RUSI ) in London , told RFE / RL that Sarkozy 's visit reflects " a change in attitude within Europe toward the mission in Iraq . " " With the election of President Barack Obama , the French presidency has shown a keen interest to re-engage , not just in the Middle East but to show its support for the U.S. administration as it plans a slow and hopefully responsible withdrawal from Iraq , " Pang said .
Pang speculated that Washington is not averse to opening up the playing field to friendly comers as it seeks an exit from Iraq .
Initially reticent , Arab countries are becoming increasingly engaged in Iraq and are loath to see Iran step in to fill the void .
The European Union , which has already given some 900 million euros in aid to Iraq since 2003 but avoided direct involvement in reconstruction , could offer another potential major pillar of support for Iraq .
In Baghdad , Sarkozy told reporters that " all Europe should come .
" Former British diplomat Daniel Korski , who is now an analyst with the London - based European Council for Foreign Relations ( ECFR ) , said France has appeared to angle for a lead role in engaging Iraq , as in other areas since Sarkozy became president in 2007 .
" There is , until now , no broader , politically led , European Iraq initiative , " Korski said , " and I think what we 're seeing with President Sarkozy is flagging up not just to U.S. President [ Barack ]
Obama that France remains a key ally and wants to help out , but also to European allies , saying , ' Something needs to be done better here in the EU 's relationship with Iraq .
'" That Germany appears to have followed the French lead bodes well for the possible emergence of a single " European " policy on Iraq .
Publicly , Steinmeier said the timing of his February 17 - 18 visit to Iraq was coming at a " suitable time " and was tied to improvements in the security situation .
" The German companies should study the possibility of increasing their presence in Iraq , given the improvement in the security situation , " Steinmeier said .
" I would like to say that we have seen a noticeable improvement in the field of security over the last couple of months .
" Together with France , Germany led Europe 's antiwar coalition in 2003 , and the old divisions still persist .
Only one member of the German government had visited postwar Iraq before Steinmeier -- Economy Minister Michael Glos in July 2008 .
" Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung " reported on February 18 that Steinmeier had argued against that visit , saying Berlin should await the outcome of the U.S. presidential elections .
The same paper quoted Steinmeier in Baghdad as saying that the " turnaround " in Germany 's Iraq policy was a response to the change of administration in Washington and the growing independence of the Iraqi government , as well as to security improvements and political consolidation under Prime Minister al - Maliki .
In France 's case , Sarkozy had succeeded one of Europe 's most outspoken critics of the Iraq war in Jacques Chirac .
But his first attempt to establish closer links with Baghdad , in August 2007 , backfired when Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner said that al - Maliki was too weak and ineffectual to do the job in Iraq .
He subsequently apologized for the remark .
Al - Mailiki has since consolidated his hold on power , and his party comfortably prevailed in Iraq 's provincial elections earlier this month .
Standing next to Sarkozy during the French leader 's visit , the Iraqi prime minister took an apparent dig at the United States , saying " the time for pressuring the Iraqi government has passed -- we know where our responsibilities lie .
" Sarkozy , in turn , promised French support " in all domains " and " without interference .
"
The French president mentioned cooperation in military and police training , cultural exchanges , and trade links .
He also announced an upcoming visit to Baghdad by Prime Minister Francois Fillon and said a business delegation would travel to Iraq " before summer . "
Sarkozy also invited his Iraqi counterpart , Jalal Talabani , to visit France this year .
Karim Pakzad , a French analyst , suggested in " Le Monde " on February 10 that Paris anticipates " immense " business opportunities in war - ravaged Iraq .
" Iraq is a rich country despite all its difficulties , " Pakzad said .
" Its budget last year was in excess of $ 85 billion , mostly derived from oil exports , and the Iraqi government does not know what to do with the money .
" Steinmeier , like Economy Minister Glos before him , was accompanied by a delegation of German business leaders who touted huge potential profits from Iraq 's evolving privatization process , according to " Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung . "
" The new situation in Iraq is behind attracting visitors , " Deputy Foreign Minister Hmoud told Radio Free Iraq .
" The improvement in the security situation , the big economic hopes , and the huge resources Iraq has are encouraging others to establish direct relations with Iraq .
Those relations will later turn into mutual interests , [ and ] this is the bottom line in international relations . "
( CNN ) -- Erik Roberts , an Army sergeant who was wounded in Iraq , underwent his 13th surgery recently to save his right leg from amputation .
Imagine his shock when he got a bill for $ 3,000 for his treatment .
Army Sgt. Erik Roberts was badly wounded in Iraq with two comrades in April 2006 .
" I just thought it was bull ---- that I 'm getting billed for being wounded in Iraq doing my job .
I always put the mission first , and now that I was wounded in Iraq , they 're sending me bills , " he said .
" I put my life on the line and I was wounded in combat , and I came back and they 're not going to take care of my medical bills ? "
It 's a level of outrage shared by his mother , as well as the doctor who performed the surgery .
" It 's hard to understand why we 're not taking care of guys like Erik whose injuries are clearly related to their service .
They deserve the best care of anybody , " said Dr. William Obremskey , an Air Force veteran and surgeon at Vanderbilt Orthopaedics in Nashville , Tennessee .
" For him to be responsible for $ 3,000 , I think , is a little ridiculous or is uncalled for , particularly in this situation . "
His mother , Robin Roberts , put it more succinctly : " Why should any soldier pay one penny of a medical bill from injuries that occurred while they were fighting in a war ?
That 's what really frustrates me . "
The Department of Veterans Affairs has now decided to pay his bill , but only after prodding from a U.S. senator who got involved after CNN brought it to his attention .
Roberts , of Warren , Ohio , is one of more than 31,100 U.S. troops to have been wounded in Iraq .
An additional 4,262 have died in the war .
Roberts was wounded April 25 , 2006 , when roadside bombs tore through his Humvee in western Baghdad .
Heat from the flames ignited the Humvee 's ammunition , which popped off all around .
See Roberts describe getting blown up »
Roberts and his buddies , A.J. Jefferson and Luke Murphy , were badly wounded and bleeding on the ground after jumping from the burning vehicle .
They were saved by comrades who rushed to help them .
" The truck automatically filled with smoke .
There was fire coming from the middle of the truck .
And I just feel my whole right side just like kind of explode , " Roberts said .
" I thought at that moment that my life was over , so I started praying . "
All three soldiers survived the attack , but Murphy lost his leg .
Days later , on his 23rd birthday , Roberts returned to the States .
He underwent a series of life - saving surgeries , including 12 different ones to repair his fractured right leg .
A metal rod was inserted in his upper leg to help the fracture heal .
He retired from the Army in October 2007 , because of his war injuries , and enrolled in college last fall at Youngstown State University , majoring in finance and minoring in economics .
But in December , he says , a golf ball - sized lump appeared on his wounded leg .
He says he went to a Veterans Affairs hospital and was told not to worry about it .
A few days later , he says , he went to the emergency room after the lump flared up more .
A doctor there , he says , told him that the leg was badly infected and that it might have to be amputated .
Desperate for help , his mother contacted the Army surgeon who had saved her son's life two years earlier .
That doctor referred him to Obremskey , the Vanderbilt surgeon .
The Robertses say the VA did not approve of them going outside the system .
Erik Roberts says he had no choice -- it was have surgery or potentially lose his leg .
" I thought my leg was more important than the usual bureaucratic mess , " he said .
His leg was saved .
The $ 3,000 billed to Roberts was n't for the surgery itself .
It 's a portion of the bill for six weeks of daily antibiotics to prevent the infection from coming back .
His private insurance plan picked up the majority of the $ 90,000 in costs .
Roberts has been administering the drugs himself -- up to seven IVs a day , with a nurse coming to his home once a week to check on him .
At one point , his mom says , the insurance company suggested the war veteran should be put in a nursing home to receive the round - the - clock antibiotics .
" Now why would you want to put an injured soldier who is 25 years old in a nursing home to get IVs ? " Robin Roberts said .
" He said , ' Send me home and teach me to do it myself . ' "
Roberts has also paid for his travel expenses from Ohio to Tennessee for treatment .
He fears how much of the $ 57,000 surgery bill he will owe and how much he might be billed for his emergency room visit in December .
His schooling has been put on hold because of his surgery and lengthy recovery .
" These soldiers and young men and women fight for our country and our freedom , only to come back to have to fight for their health and their life back in the United States , " Robin Roberts said .
Dr. Obremskey said it's " frustrating " to hear about cases like Roberts ' .
He says the lesson from Roberts ' story is " pretty obvious . "
" If they 're injured in the service to our country , we should continue to take care of them even if they are discharged from active duty because of their injuries .
Some mechanism ought to be available for them to obtain whatever care they need , " Obremskey said .
CNN on Wednesday contacted the office of Sen. Sherrod Brown , a Democrat from Roberts ' home state of Ohio who serves on the Senate 's VA committee .
Brown 's office had not heard of Roberts ' case , but immediately reached out to the soldier and alerted the VA about his situation .
In less than 24 hours , the VA got back to CNN .
" The VA will be paying the bill , " said VA spokesman Sean Nelson .
The VA did not offer an explanation as to how something like this could happen .
Brown 's office issued a written statement , applauding the decision .
" Sen. Brown is pleased to hear that Mr. Roberts will not have out - of - pocket costs for a service - connected injury .
However , he believes it should not take the intervention of a U.S. senator for our veterans to receive the care they 've been promised . "
Roberts said he appreciates the help .
Despite everything he 's experienced , Roberts -- who went into the Army just after high school -- said he would never trade in being a member of the 101st Airborne .
" I will always be proud I served my country , and proud that I was able to wear that flag on my shoulder , " he said .
" I would defend this country against anyone , and I 'm proud to wear that uniform . "
CNN's Thom Patterson contributed to this story .
All About War and Conflict • Iraq War • Baghdad • Veterans ' Affairs
… to shoot myself in the head .
Some mobile broadband cards are like a nice , quiet child that does everything you tell them to do ; they ’d even clean out your family ’s slurry tank if you asked .
Unfortunately , most of the cards you just want to throw right into the slurry tank strapped to the side of a large brick .
Hopefully the tank is full , and the card does n’t have a snorkel , not that a snorkel would help it much .
Yes , there are standards .
But as we all know , given 10 people and a standard , you ’ll end the day with 12 or 13 differently behaving “ standards - compliant ” implementations .
People suck .
You ’d think it would be easy to agree on an AT command for “ prefer 3G / prefer 2G / 3G only / 2G only ” .
NO SIMPLE FOR YOU .
But NetworkManager has to work around huge amounts of stupid .
Here ’s a run-down of some of the mobile broadband hardware that ’s available today and what about it sucks .
HUAWEI ( PHEAR THE DRAGON )
Europe apparently got carpet - bombed with these things .
They provide two usable serial ports ; one for data and another for stuff like signal strength , mode switches , etc .
But asking it anything on the second port makes the modem cry , grab its toys , and run home to tell mommy what you ’ve done .
This caused problems with the new modem capability probing code in NetworkManager 0.7.1 .
Thanks guys ( not ) .
Dropping unhandled input on the floor would apparently have been too easy .
And , of course , they use AT ^SYSCFG with some magic numbers to indicate 2G / 3G preference .
That said , Huawei does participate upstream and proactively adds IDs and support for their hardware .
Qualcomm Gobi ( NEW HOTNESS ALERT )
Apparently now all the rage State - side ( though they ’ve been out for a while ) ; even in the ultra- small Atom - based Poulsbong - smoking Sony Vaio P series .
These parts can do GSM / HSPA and CDMA / EVDO , depending on the firmware they load .
Now that ’s pretty cool .
There ’s even a driver for them ( qcserial ) queued up in gregkh ’s tree .
Unfortunately , because Qualcomm still ca n’t get their head out of their ass you wo n’t get signal strength , cell tower reports , or mode change signals , since the driver only exposes one serial port which is used for PPP ( it might support GSM multiplexing , in which case this rant is wrong ) .
Everything else seems to get done from userspace with libusb and a proprietary protocol .
WTF is so awesome about proprietary protocols ?
You get to sell people an SDK for $ 20,000 or something ?
Nice try .
Modern Sierra ( MAGICALLY DELICIOUS )
Driven by the ‘ sierra ’ driver ( surprise ! ) , these cards expose multiple serial ports ; two or more of which accept AT commands .
Only one of these ports has a full AT interpreter and gets used for PPP , the other ports get used for signal strength and GPS during the PPP session .
I hear new Sierra gear is switching to the tty + netdevice model though , so these will be old - but - not - busted soon .
But of course , somebody took a huge pull off the bong , and came up with AT !
SELRAT for 2G / 3G preference .
Yay !
Variation # 2 !
Old - School Sierra ( OLD BUT NOT BUSTED )
Sweet bliss .
Works like a champ .
16 - bit PCMCIA .
HSDPA even .
GSM multiplexing support makes up for the fact that it only exposes one serial port to the OS ( even though we do n’t support userspace muxing yet ) .
It ’s been supported in Network Manager since , like , day # 1 .
Like the newer Sierra cards , it also uses AT !
SELRAT , so at least Sierra is consistent .
Which is more than I can say for some other hardware I ’ve seen .
Option “ HSO ” ( THE NEED FOR SPEED )
PPP sucks ; it ’s only between you and the card , not over the air .
So why bother ?
Which is why Option killed PPP dead .
These devices expose multiple AT - capable ttys , and an ethernet network interface .
Do the setup on the AT ports , do the data in high speed on the network interface .
This is the current trend .
Sierra is going to do it soon .
So is Huawei .
But unfortunately , everyone does the authentication and the IP configuration differently .
And Option ’s 2G / 3G preference command is AT_OPSYS .
Variant # 3 !
Go to hell .
In any case , big thanks to Option for providing me with hardware and also working with the upstream kernel community ; you guys rock .
Ericsson F3507g ( SWEDISH INVASION )
Dude , you got a Dell Mini ?
If you ’ve coughed up for the 5530 Mobile Broadband option , it ’s probably got one of these inside .
The Sony Ericsson MD300 is the same hardware .
For once , somebody uses standard interfaces too ; these parts expose multiple cdc-acm serial ports ( like most mobile phones ) , and one cdc-ether network device used for data .
The interesting thing is that to get an IP address , you use DHCP on the ethernet interface .
We do n’t yet know how to set 2G / 3G preference , but you can get it with AT * ERINFO .
All hail variant # 4 .
This is getting rediculous .
At least Ericsson pays people to make their stuff work with Linux , though the AT reference document is NDA - encumbered .
Need to hit somebody with the cluebat for that .
BUSlink SCWi275u ( DEAR GOD DON’T BUY THIS )
Really .
If you find one , put it out of its misery by burning it alive .
Yeah , it ’s really old , and it ’s only GPRS , and it ’s from the land before time when they put WiFi into cellular modems because nobody had it onboard .
And hey , its firmware is as clueless about standards as Qualcomm is about Open Source .
But it works fine with NetworkManager
As you can see , nobody in this industry talks to each other , and none of the carriers care about making it easier to write software for the devices they sell .
Everywhere you look there are silos , walled gardens , and revenue stream protection .
But that ’s where NetworkManager comes in .
The Bright , Shiny New Mobile Future
NM 0.7 delivered the promise of Mobile Broadband .
We took a limited set of devices ( ie , no phones ) and made those work out of the box .
Now it ’s time to get bigger , faster , and stronger .
We ca n’t support everything in the current architecture inside NetworkManager , so Tambet started a new project called ModemManager .
All mobile broadband handling gets punted out to ModemManager ( similar to how WiFi is handled with wpa_supplicant ) , making the NetworkManager core simpler , easier to maintain , and more robust .
ModemManager provides a nice D - Bus API for everything modem - related ; data connections , SMS , phonebook , signal strength , GPS , etc .
It rocks .
It ’s more flexible .
It spews out cute , cuddly kittens by the thousands .
It ’s definitely the right architecture and the way forward .
The Slightly Less - Bright Now
But until ModemManager drops some awesome on y’all , we need to better support modems in NetworkManager 0.7.x too .
A few problems we ’ve been tackling over the past few months :
multiple serial ports – most modems provide more than one port ; but nothing tells you what that port gets used for .
Sometimes asking the port what ’s purpose in life is does n’t work either .
So we have to special - case some modems in the udev prober , and some in NetworkManager .
This gets as ugly as your first girlfriend / boyfriend .
– most modems provide more than one port ; but nothing tells you what that port gets used for .
Sometimes asking the port what ’s purpose in life is does n’t work either .
So we have to special - case some modems in the udev prober , and some in NetworkManager .
This gets as ugly as your first girlfriend / boyfriend .
modem capabilities – this is why your mobile phone did n’t work with NetworkManager 0.7.0 .
We need to know whether the modem is CDMA / EVDO or GSM / HSPA since the operation and UI needs to change based on which kind of modem it is .
Previously we used hal - info ’s 10 - modem.fdi , which simply does n’t scale .
Asking the modem freaks some of them out ( ie , Huawei ) and others just lie for various reasons .
So with NM 0.7.1 , we probe serial ports with a udev helper and are careful not to touch things that should n’t be touched .
– this is why your mobile phone did n’t work with NetworkManager 0.7.0 .
We need to know whether the modem is CDMA / EVDO or GSM / HSPA since the operation and UI needs to change based on which kind of modem it is .
Previously we used hal - info ’s 10 - modem.fdi , which simply does n’t scale .
Asking the modem freaks some of them out ( ie , Huawei ) and others just lie for various reasons .
So with NM 0.7.1 , we probe serial ports with a udev helper and are careful not to touch things that should n’t be touched .
modem init strings – because , of course , consistent handling of initialization strings between devices would just be too easy .
Some devices puke up half - eaten puppies when given the same init string that every other device on the planet supports .
No standardization here .
So NetworkManager 0.7.1 tries different init strings until one works .
– because , of course , consistent handling of initialization strings between devices would just be too easy .
Some devices puke up half - eaten puppies when given the same init string that every other device on the planet supports .
No standardization here .
So NetworkManager 0.7.1 tries different init strings until one works .
registration commands – some Huawei modems want to use AT + CGREG instead of AT +CREG .
Yeah , I know why it seems to think it can be special , but it ’s not .
It ’s just plain stupid .
And this seems to change based on firmware version of all things .
Dear God , why do you toy with me ?
So in lieu of finding a Huawei engineer and asking them what the fuck they were thinking , we hacked around it for now .
We ’ve gotten most of worked out in the NetworkManager 0.7.1 release candidate series .
And all this crap is exactly why NM 0.7.1 is n’t out yet .
Like when NM 0.7.1 - rc1 broke people ’s Huawei cards due to modem probing freaking out the firmware , I spent $ 100 for a Huawei E160G off eBay .
It took a week to get here , and two days to fix it .
But that ’s why NetworkManager rocks ; we pony up the cash to make sure our shit works .
Users appreciate that .
This is not an auspicious year for the Chinese Communist party , which is having to confront two anniversaries it would rather remain forgotten .
The first , the 50th anniversary of the failed uprising in Tibet , passed without incident this week , if we are to believe the Chinese premier .
Wen Jiabao said at his annual press conference yesterday that the peacefulness of Tibet was proof that his policies were correct .
The second , the 20th anniversary of the Tiananmen Square massacre , is fast approaching .
Both present the government with real political difficulties .
A year after the anti-Han riots in Lhasa , the capital of Tibet , in which 19 people were killed , the peace of the region can be measured in more than one way : Tibetan regions across western China have been flooded with troops .
About 220 Tibetans were killed , 7,000 detained , and more than 1,000 are still missing in the crackdown which followed the riots , according to the Tibetan government in exile .
There have been spontaneous if isolated flare - ups since , but the single most significant collective act of protest was the boycott of the Tibetan new year in February , despite generous official inducements to throw wild parties .
Tibetan officials blamed the increased Chinese military and police activity on " intensified secessionist activists " .
Whomever you believe , peace is the last word that springs to mind in the Tibet Autonomous Region .
The Dalai Lama described life in the land he fled 50 years ago as " hell on earth " in an uncharacteristically angry denunciation of Chinese policy this week .
But he did not abandon the " middle way " - the commitment to maintain a dialogue that Beijing shows no interest in continuing .
And he has repeatedly said he is not seeking independence .
Chinese bloggers have locked swords over whether Tibet is historically part of China , and whether Tibet has benefited from the enormous amount of Chinese investment which has modernised a backward nation .
But neither going back to what happened in the Tang , Song and Ming dynasties nor the investment that the central government has poured in will change the central grievance burning away in the hearts of six million Tibetans - the sense that their culture and identity are under threat .
As that identity is being buried under tons of concrete and glass at home , so it is being sustained by the diaspora abroad .
The two processes work in inverse proportion to each other .
So the conflict is set to persist no matter how quickly Lhasa becomes a Chinese city .
It will outlive the changing relationship between China and the US .
Tibet is China 's problem and it will not be airbrushed away .
A report in today 's Wall Street Journal claims that Sun 's execs have been shopping the company around recently and that IBM is an interested party .
The report indicates that if the talks between the two companies go well , a deal could be announced fairly soon .
The number allegedly being floated by IBM is $ 10 to $ 11 per share for Sun , which would put the total size of the deal at $ 8 billion .
Assuming that IBM is actually interested in buying Sun , the obvious question is " why ? "
There is a ton of overlap between the two companies ' product lines , so it 's hard to see a lot of complementarity there .
In fact , such a deal would seem overwhelmingly to be about one thing for IBM : shrinking the competition .
Suns execs would pocket fat bonuses , and the former Silicon Valley high - flyer would be chopped up and absorbed into the belly of the Big Blue beast .
Parts of Sun 's business with no volume and hence no real future in the present market ( things like the SPARC processor family ) would be end - of - lifed , while some software assets and other IP could be picked up and used by IBM .
Of course , the prospect of IBM gobbling up a weakened competitor on the cheap does n't sit well with everyone .
The Computer & Communications Industry Association sent out a statement this morning expressing deep skepticism about IBM 's motives in this deal , and branding IBM with the " m " - word ( monopoly ) .
" IBM 's continued monopoly dominance of the high end computer market is a key factor and starting point in any analysis of this proposed deal , " said CCIA 's CEO Ed Black .
" If this merger is announced , it will require careful , extensive review by antitrust authorities because of the wide range of tech products both companies now produce .
IBM and Sun have been fierce competitors for years .
A merger would eliminate a key competitor , which affects choice and prices down the line on numerous IT products . "
So there you have it : if a deal is announced , expect some push - back from anyone with concerns about the antitrust implications , a group that could include HP and Cisco .
Keep the software , throw out the hardware ?
There 's some excitement among the commentariat about the hardware side of this deal — particularly around Sun 's storage and server business — but I 'm not feeling it .
IBM is has been transitioning to a services model for some time , and this has been a good thing in two respects : 1 ) its services division has been profitable , and 2 ) hardware purchases have taken a much worse beating in the downturn than have services .
Both of these factors added up to a relatively strong 2008 fourth quarter at IBM , when more hardware - centric rivals were hurting because their sales had suddenly fallen off a cliff with the rest of the economy .
When you add IBM 's success with services to its proven prowess in building its own quite capable hardware , I have no idea why the company would want Sun 's hardware business for any other reason than to kill it off and remove some competition .
If IBM could sop up Sun 's enterprise customers through a deal like this and ease them into the IBM ecosystem , that would put Big Blue in a better position against HP ( and , with yesterday 's big announcement , Cisco ) .
Sun 's software portfolio could be another matter , though .
There are some redundancies there ( i.e. , AIX vs. Solaris , or DB2 vs. MySQL ) , but Sun 's lineup also contains some interesting open - source gems that IBM could put to good use , like Java and OpenOffice .
Any IBM adaptation of Sun 's open - source portfolio would probably entail some licensing changes , though .
IBM was n't happy when Sun released Java under the GPL instead of a more permissive open source software license .
It 's possible that if IBM acquired Sun , Big Blue would move Java towards a multilicensed approach and potentially put it under the Apache Software License in addition to the GPL .
This would make it easier for Sun's Java technology to be integrated into existing open source Java implementations , such as the Apache Harmony project , and it would also make it easier for Java to be repurposed by third parties for proprietary uses .
The CDDL , currently the license under which OpenSolaris is distributed , is incompatible with the GPL .
This largely precludes the sharing of source code between Linux and OpenSolaris .
It 's very likely that IBM would adjust OpenSolaris licensing so that the useful parts of the Solaris stack — particularly ZFS and DTrace — can be integrated into the Linux kernel .
Ryan Paul contributed to this report
Over the next few months , I ’m going to be involved in writing a series of opinion pieces about scientific publishing ; the articles will appear in the relatively new open access journal Disease Models & Mechanisms .
I ’ll be working with my friend Vivian Siegel , currently Editor - in - Chief of DMM .
Vivian has a much longer resume than mine ( she was the first graduate student of Peter Walter , who was also my thesis advisor ; since then , she ’s been editor of both Cell and PLoS Biology ) , and I ’m excited for the opportunity to exchange ideas with her .
The first piece , Drinking from the firehose of scientific publishing , came out a couple of weeks ago .
It ’s partly a lamentation about the somewhat anachronistic strategies academic scientists employ in attempting to keep up with the scholarly literature , and partly a brainstorming session about how we might use emerging technologies to meet that challenge more effectively .
I ’m mentioning it here for two reasons : because I think some subset of the readers might be interested in what we have to say , but perhaps more importantly because of the entertainment value of one of the arguments we make : namely , that blogs are an inherently unsatisfying way to filter the literature within a field :
A lioness does n’t bother eating individual blades of grass – she lets the antelopes do that drudgery , and then she eats the antelopes .
It is similarly tempting to assign the post - filtering task to hordes of enthusiastic volunteers – intrepid , pajama - clad souls , armed only with keyboards and search engines , who would wade through the jungle of the literature and return to us only the choicest prizes .
But this is a fantasy .
For bloggers to provide an efficient and efficacious post - filter service , they would have to meet an imposing list of qualifications : sufficiently well - trained to make wise judgments about the papers most worthy of attention ; sufficiently idle to have nothing better to do than read papers all day ; free of idiosyncrasy or agenda that might bias their choices ; and willing to work continuously for free .
( In other words , there wo n’t be ‘ hordes ’ . )
Add to that the need for competition between bloggers – comparative prestige being the coin of that murky realm – and soon we ’ll find ourselves combing through myriad blogs in order to make sure we ’re reading the best one .
And then we ’ll write a column about the need to post - filter the blogosphere .
Obviously I would n’t blog if I thought it were totally pointless , but I have come to believe that even the most well - intentioned scientific bloggers are probably not going to be able to revolutionize their colleagues ’ relationship with the literature .
In part , as we say in the excerpted passage , this is because it ’s unlikely that a single individual will rarely have both the relevant expertise and the required amount of free time .
But are also other reasons , the most important one being that “ one size does not fit all ” , e.g. , any given blogger ’s survey of the recent literature involves judgment calls about what is interesting and important , which may or may not correspond with the judgments that would be made by any given individual reader .
I ’m interested to know what you all think about the piece , and in general about the role blogging might / does / should play in the relationship between scientists and the scientific literature .
Director Guillermo Del
Toro will never make another movie in Mexico - because he fears he might be kidnapped by terrorists .
The Hellboy filmmaker 's father was captured and held hostage in the country 10 years ago .
He was subsequently returned safely to his family , but still received death threats following the incident .
Del Toro recently co-produced new movie Rudo y Cursi in Mexico but wo n't be returning to the country because he does n't feel safe - insisting his daily routine became too public which he was shooting there .
He tells USA Today , " Not all of the people who participated in the kidnapping ( of my father ) were captured .
( I am in a ) forced exile .
" Mexico has one of the highest abduction rates in the world , with recent government figures pointing to an average of 72 incidents a month .
Cover will be professionally tailored to suit your business .
Plan expertly arrange all types of commercial insurance policies .
You can have complete confidence that your employees , clients and business assets will be fully protected .
We have established extensive commercial insurance markets during nearly three decades as specialists .
Strong relationships with underwriters at major insurers enable Plan to provide competitive quotations and high quality cover .
We have built a reputation as leaders within the commercial motor industry .
This is largely due to a range of bespoke covers and series of innovations that we have brought to each market place .
For multiple quotes with minimal hassle , or to ask any questions regarding your insurance needs , speak with an experienced advisor .
Call 0800 542 2740 now to find out how Plan can help keep your business motoring .
Always aiming to improve
We are commercial insurance brokers that provide intelligent insurance solutions .
We constantly seek to streamline processes with the aim of simplifying the insurance process on behalf of our clients .
Our forward thinking approach to I.T. ensures that our service is always enhanced not governed by technology .
For that reason we have been selected as finalists in the Insurance Times Tech and Innovation Awards 2016 .
We now offer online quotes for a number of risk types .
All documentation can be supplied digitally and delivered instantly with the minimum of fuss .
However we appreciate that some clients prefer more traditional methods and also happy to accommodate these requests .
Specialists in our field
We have established extensive commercial insurance markets during our 27 years as specialists .
Having strong relationships with underwriters at leading insurers allows Plan to provide competitive quotations and high quality cover across a wide array of industries .
More often than not we find a company ’s motor policy makes up a substantial proportion of its insurance overhead .
We have particularly strong commercial motor insurance markets .
This is due to having exclusive access to unique insurance schemes .
Frequently these products enable Plan to offer companies considerable savings on their commercial motor insurance premiums .
You can trust in our service Independent rating company Feefo have awarded Plan a Gold standard rating three years running .
The award is based on over 1,800 pieces of individual client feedback .
We were also winners at the Family Business of the Year Awards 2016 .
So you ’ll have the peace of mind that comes with knowing you ’ve received personal attention from a family business that values its clients .
Leading experts in our industry Plan Insurance Brokers are established as thought leaders within the insurance industry providing expert opinion and advice in areas of regulation .
Both our products and our services have won awards , from Customer Service to Insurance Providers of the year .
Our Taxi Insurance Checker ( TIC ) proposal won us a place in the finals of the Tech and Innovation Awards 2016 .
Read more about the innovative portal idea for reducing insurance fraud here .
Sign up for the Newsletter Sign Up
Sign up for our email newsletter for the latest science news
A woman in South Carolina says she sees Jesus in a piece of toast .
Not wood bark , or an oil stain , or an insect ’s carapace , but an actual honest - to - FSM piece of toast .
Just like old times .
How refreshing .
So , it looks nothing at all like Jesus to me , certainly less than the Kit Kat of yore .
I see Doug Henning .
Or maybe Karen Carpenter .
But the thing is … the woman who found Jesus in her toast is , I think , a little optimistic .
Because if she flips it over , it ai n’t Jesus .
Could it be …
SATAN ?
Or at the very least , it ’s the collective Martian insect soul from the end of " Quatermass and the Pit " .
PARIS ( Reuters ) -
Up to three million people took to the streets of France on Thursday for a second round of protests against President Nicolas Sarkozy ’s handling of the economic crisis and to demand more help for struggling workers .
The rallies , which polls say are backed by three - quarters of the French public , reflect growing disillusion with Sarkozy ’s reforms as tens of thousands jobs are lost to the downturn .
Several hundred youths clashed briefly with police at the end of the main union rally in Paris , highlighting the tensions in France , which has a long tradition of public demonstrations .
Spring sunshine helped Thursday ’s turnout , which unions said easily exceeded the numbers seen on a first day of nationwide protests staged on January 29 .
But despite the crowds , French Prime Minister Francois Fillon flatly rejected demands for more state aid , saying there were no plans for further stimulus measures .
Streets in central Paris were packed with protesters waving anti-Sarkozy placards and chanting slogans , with badges reading “ Get lost you little jerk ! , ” a comment made by Sarkozy to a protestor at an agriculture show , much in evidence .
More than two million people are out of work in France and even many with a job struggle with the high cost of living .
A large public sector payroll and a relatively generous welfare state has kept French people better protected than many in other countries , but there has been deep public anger at a recent wave of plant closures and stories of corporate excess .
LASHING OUT AT BOSSES
Sarkozy , elected in 2007 on a pledge to shake up the French economy , has seen his approval ratings plunge as he has poured billions into bailing out banks and carmakers , but rejected union demands for higher pay and tax hikes for the rich .
“ People are in the streets and they are suffering , there are more and more people out of work and something has to be done , ” said Sylvie Daenenck , marching in Paris .
“ We should n’t just be giving money to the bosses . ”
Fillon told French television that executives should stop receiving “ astronomical salaries , ” but ruled out throwing more money to kick - start the economy , saying France could not risk adding to its budget deficit , which is set to double this year .
“ There is certainly not going to be a new stimulus plan , ” he said , adding that earlier measures had not yet kicked in .
Slideshow ( 9 images )
The government introduced a 26 billion euro ( $ 36 billion ) stimulus plan last year aimed at business investment , and Sarkozy offered 2.65 billion euros of additional aid following the January 29 strike to help households weather the storm .
Union leaders are convinced the government will eventually have to concede more ground and meet their long list of demands , which includes a hike in low salaries and more job protection .
A series of disputes , ranging from strikes by university staff to violent protests by workers at a tire plant in northern France , have underlined a worsening climate of discontent that the government fears could escalate .
Slideshow ( 9 images )
The CGT said 3 million people joined Thursday ’s protests in Paris and provincial towns and cities .
The interior ministry said only 1.2 million took part .
Transport , energy and some government offices were all hit by the strike , although most trains , flights and metro networks were running near normal for much of the day .
French bosses have criticized the protests , saying the flailing economy cannot afford such regular stoppages .
The government is predicting that the economy will contract by 1.5 percent this year , but many analysts believe the figure will be higher and could even exceed 3 percent .
( $ 1 = 0.73 euros )
Judge lets bankrupt Vallejo void union pacts VALLEJO
In a move that 's sure to have repercussions for cash - strapped cities across the state , a judge has ruled that Vallejo can nullify its union contracts as part of its bankruptcy restructuring .
U.S. Bankruptcy Court Judge Michael McManus ruled Friday that the city can reject its contracts with its fire and electrical workers unions , allowing the city to begin negotiations from scratch .
" I 'm very satisfied .
It confirms what we 've been saying all along , " said Mayor Osby Davis .
The city 's bankruptcy legal bills have topped $ 4 million , Davis said .
Fire union chief Kurt Henke said the total is closer to $ 7 million .
Vallejo declared bankruptcy in May 2008 after failing to close a $ 9 million deficit in its $ 83 million general fund budget .
This year the city of 120,000 faces a $ 12 million deficit .
McManus called for a hearing March 23 on the status of the city 's labor negotiations .
He 's then expected to rule on further details of the case .
The city last month settled with its police union , removing it from the bankruptcy proceedings .
Labor leaders said Friday 's ruling was an attempt to strip the fire and electrical unions of their bargaining power .
The fire union has offered numerous concessions - including an 8.2 percent pay cut - and has been negotiating in good faith , Henke said .
" They will fight us and fight us and fight us , " Henke said .
" This is n't about doing the right thing , it 's about power . "
The city has blamed its unions for much of its financial turmoil .
About 74 percent of the general fund budget goes to police and fire salaries , compared to 50 percent for most other California cities .
The unions say the city has intentionally shrunk the general fund to inflate the percentage spent on public safety salaries , and that the city 's other funds are financially healthy .
The unions appealed the bankruptcy filing and the case is being heard by a bankruptcy appellate panel .
Marc Levinson , Vallejo's bankruptcy attorney , said the judge 's ruling was expected .
" It 's an important ruling because it 's the first that takes the issue ( of city labor contracts ) head - on , " he said .
Companies in Chapter 11 bankruptcy are allowed to nullify their labor contracts , but Chapter 9 municipal bankruptcies are so rare that the issue has never before been examined , Levinson said .
By By Adriana Stuijt Mar 29 , 2009 in Food South African farmers suffered millions of dollars in lost income when 82,000 hectares of genetically - manipulated corn ( maize ) failed to produce hardly any seeds .
The plants look lush and healthy from the outside .
Monsanto has offered compensation .
Blogger says Monsanto aggressively monopolozing seed business More Urgent investigation demanded However environmental activitist Marian Mayet , director of the Africa - centre for biosecurity in Johannesburg , demands an urgent government investigation and an immediate ban on all GM - foods , blaming the crop failure on Monsanto 's genetically - manipulated technology .
Willem Pelser , journalist of the Afrikaans Sunday paper Rapport , writes from Nelspruit that 80 % crop failure However Mayet says Monsanto was grossly understating the problem .
According to her own information , some farms have suffered up to 80 % crop failures .
The centre is strongly opposed to GM - food and biologically - manipulated technology in general .
" Monsanto says they just made a mistake in the laboratory , however we say that biotechnology is a failure .
You can not make a ' mistake ' with three different varieties of corn . '
Demands urgent government investigation : " We have been warning against GM - technology for years , we have been warning Monsanto that there will be problems , ' said Mayet .
She calls for an urgent government investigation and an immediate ban on all GM - foods in South Africa .
Of the 1,000 South African farmers who planted Monsanto 's GM - maize this year , 280 suffered extensive crop failure , writes Rapport .
Monsanto's local spokeswoman Magda du Toit said the ' company is engaged in establishing the exact extent of the damage on the farms ' .
She did not want to speculate on the extent of the financial losses suffered right now .
Managing director of Monsanto in Africa , Kobus Lindeque , said however that 'less than 25 % of the Monsanto - seeded farms are involved in the loss ' .
He says there will be 'a review of the seed - production methods of the three varieties involved in the failure , and we will made the necessary adjustments . '
He denied that the problem was caused in any way by ' bio - technology ' .
Instead , there had been ' insufficient fertilisation during the seed - production process ' .
And Grain - SA 's Nico Hawkins says they 'are still support GM - technology ;
' We will support any technology which will improve production . '
He also they were ' satisfied with Monsanto's handling of the case , ' and said Grain - SA was ' closely involved in the claims - adjustment methodology ' between the farmers and Monsanto .
Farmers told Rapport that Monsanto was ' bending over backwards to try and accommodate them in solving the problem .
" It 's a very good gesture to immediately offer to compensate the farmers for losses they suffered , ' said Kobus van Coller , one of the Free State farmers who discovered that his maize cobs were practically seedless this week .
" One ca n't see from the outside whether a plant is unseeded .
One must open up the cob leaves to establish the problem , ' he said .
The seedless cobs show no sign of disease or any kind of fungus .
They just have very few seeds , often none at all .
The South African supermarket - chain Woolworths already banned GM - foods from its shelves in 2000 .
However South African farmers have been producing GM - corn for years : they were among the first countries other than the United States to start using the Monsanto products .
The South African government does not require any labelling of GM - foods .
Corn is the main staple food for South Africa 's 48 - million people .
The three maize varieties which failed to produce seeds were designed with a built - in resistance to weed - killers , and manipulated to increase yields per hectare , Rapport Monsanto blames the failure of the three varieties of corn planted on these farms , in three South African provinces , on alleged ' underfertilisation processes in the laboratory " .
Some 280 of the 1,000 farmers who planted the three varieties of Monsanto corn this year , have reported extensive seedless corn problems .
However environmental activitist Marian Mayet , director of the Africa - centre for biosecurity in Johannesburg , demands an urgent government investigation and an immediate ban on all GM - foods , blaming the crop failure on Monsanto 's genetically - manipulated technology .
Willem Pelser , journalist of the Afrikaans Sunday paper Rapport , writes from Nelspruit that Monsanto has immediately offered the farmers compensation in three provinces - North West , Free State and Mpumalanga .
The damage - estimates are being undertaken right now by the local farmers ' cooperative , Grain - SA .
Monsanto claims that ' less than 25 % ' of three different corn varieties were ' insufficiently fertilised in the laboratory ' .
However Mayet says Monsanto was grossly understating the problem .
According to her own information , some farms have suffered up to 80 % crop failures .
The centre is strongly opposed to GM - food and biologically - manipulated technology in general .
" Monsanto says they just made a mistake in the laboratory , however we say that biotechnology is a failure .
You can not make a ' mistake ' with three different varieties of corn .
'" We have been warning against GM - technology for years , we have been warning Monsanto that there will be problems , ' said Mayet .
She calls for an urgent government investigation and an immediate ban on all GM - foods in South Africa .
Of the 1,000 South African farmers who planted Monsanto 's GM - maize this year , 280 suffered extensive crop failure , writes Rapport .
Monsanto's local spokeswoman Magda du Toit said the ' company is engaged in establishing the exact extent of the damage on the farms ' .
She did not want to speculate on the extent of the financial losses suffered right now .
Managing director of Monsanto in Africa , Kobus Lindeque , said however that 'less than 25 % of the Monsanto - seeded farms are involved in the loss ' .
He says there will be 'a review of the seed - production methods of the three varieties involved in the failure , and we will made the necessary adjustments .
' He denied that the problem was caused in any way by ' bio - technology ' .
Instead , there had been ' insufficient fertilisation during the seed - production process ' .
And Grain - SA 's Nico
Hawkins says they 'are still support GM - technology ; ' We will support any technology which will improve production . ' see
He also they were ' satisfied with Monsanto's handling of the case , ' and said Grain - SA was ' closely involved in the claims - adjustment methodology ' between the farmers and Monsanto .
Farmers told Rapport that Monsanto was ' bending over backwards to try and accommodate them in solving the problem .
"
It 's a very good gesture to immediately offer to compensate the farmers for losses they suffered , ' said Kobus van Coller , one of the Free State farmers who discovered that his maize cobs were practically seedless this week .
" One can't see from the outside whether a plant is unseeded .
One must open up the cob leaves to establish the problem , ' he said .
The seedless cobs show no sign of disease or any kind of fungus .
They just have very few seeds , often none at all .
The South African supermarket - chain Woolworths already banned GM - foods from its shelves in 2000 .
However South African farmers have been producing GM - corn for years : they were among the first countries other than the United States to start using the Monsanto products .
The South African government does not require any labelling of GM - foods .
Corn is the main staple food for South Africa 's 48 - million people .
The three maize varieties which failed to produce seeds were designed with a built - in resistance to weed - killers , and manipulated to increase yields per hectare , Rapport writes More about Monsanto corn crop , South Africa , Underfertilisation blamed monsanto , Compensation south african More news from monsanto corn crop south africa underfertilisation b... compensation south a ...
April 15 , 2009
by Bruce Schneier
Chief Security Technology Officer , BT
schneier@schneier.com
http://www.schneier.com
A free monthly newsletter providing summaries , analyses , insights , and commentaries on security : computer and otherwise .
For back issues , or to subscribe , visit < http://www.schneier.com/crypto-gram.html>.
You can read this issue on the web at < http://www.schneier.com/crypto-gram-0904.html>.
These same essays appear in the “ Schneier on Security ” blog : < http://www.schneier.com/>.
An RSS feed is available .
In this issue :
Let ’s face it , the War on Terror is a tired brand .
There just is n’t enough action out there to scare people .
If this keeps up , people will forget to be scared .
And then both the terrorists and the terror - industrial complex lose .
We ca n’t have that .
We ’re going to help revive the fear .
There ’s plenty to be scared about , if only people would just think about it in the right way .
In this Fourth Movie - Plot Threat Contest , the object is to find an existing event somewhere in the industrialized world —
Third World events are just too easy — and provide a conspiracy theory to explain how the terrorists were really responsible .
The goal here is to be outlandish but plausible , ridiculous but possible , and — if it were only true — terrifying .
Entries should be formatted as a news story , and are limited to 150 words ( I ’m going to check this time ) because fear needs to be instilled in a population with short attention spans .
Submit your entry , by the end of the month , in comments to the blog post .
Submit your entry here :
https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2009/04/…
An example from The Onion :
http://www.theonion.com/content/cartoon/feb-23-2009
The First Movie - Plot Threat Contest :
https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2006/04/…
https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2006/06/…
The Second Movie - Plot Threat Contest :
https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2007/04/…
https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2007/06/…
https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2007/06/…
The Third Movie - Plot Threat Contest :
https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2008/04/…
https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2008/05/…
https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2008/05/…
U.S. government cybersecurity is an insecure mess , and fixing it is going to take considerable attention and resources .
Trying to make sense of this , President Barack Obama ordered a 60 - day review of government cybersecurity initiatives .
Meanwhile , the U.S. House Subcommittee on Emerging Threats , Cybersecurity , Science and Technology is holding hearings on the same topic .
One of the areas of contention is who should be in charge .
The FBI , DHS and DoD — specifically , the NSA — all have interests here .
Earlier this month , Rod Beckstrom resigned from his position as director of the DHS ’s National Cybersecurity Center , warning of a power grab by the NSA .
Putting national cybersecurity in the hands of the NSA is an incredibly bad idea .
An entire parade of people , ranging from former FBI director Louis Freeh to Microsoft ’s Trusted Computing Group Vice President and former Justice Department computer crime chief Scott Charney , have told Congress the same thing at this month ’s hearings .
Cybersecurity is n’t a military problem , or even a government problem — it ’s a universal problem .
All networks , military , government , civilian and commercial , use the same computers , the same networking hardware , the same Internet protocols and the same software packages .
We all are the targets of the same attack tools and tactics .
It ’s not even that government targets are somehow more important ; these days , most of our nation ’s critical IT infrastructure is in commercial hands .
Government - sponsored Chinese hackers go after both military and civilian targets .
Some have said that the NSA should be in charge because it has specialized knowledge .
Earlier this month , Director of National Intelligence Admiral Dennis Blair made this point , saying “ There are some wizards out there at Ft. Meade who can do stuff . ”
That ’s probably not true , but if it is , we ’d better get them out of Ft. Meade as soon as possible — they ’re doing the nation little good where they are now .
Not that government cybersecurity failings require any specialized wizardry to fix .
GAO reports indicate that government problems include insufficient access controls , a lack of encryption where necessary , poor network management , failure to install patches , inadequate audit procedures , and incomplete or ineffective information security programs .
These are n’t super - secret NSA - level security issues ; these are the same managerial problems that every corporate CIO wrestles with .
We ’ve all got the same problems , so solutions must be shared .
If the government has any clever ideas to solve its cybersecurity problems , certainly a lot of us could benefit from those solutions .
If it has an idea for improving network security , it should tell everyone .
The best thing the government can do for cybersecurity world - wide is to use its buying power to improve the security of the IT products everyone uses .
If it imposes significant security requirements on its IT vendors , those vendors will modify their products to meet those requirements .
And those same products , now with improved security , will become available to all of us as the new standard .
Moreover , the NSA ’s dual mission of providing security and conducting surveillance means it has an inherent conflict of interest in cybersecurity .
Inside the NSA , this is called the “ equities issue . ”
During the Cold War , it was easy ; the NSA used its expertise to protect American military information and communications , and eavesdropped on Soviet information and communications .
But what happens when both the good guys the NSA wants to protect , and the bad guys the NSA wants to eavesdrop on , use the same systems ?
They all use Microsoft Windows , Oracle databases , Internet email , and Skype .
When the NSA finds a vulnerability in one of those systems , does it alert the manufacturer and fix it — making both the good guys and the bad guys more secure ?
Or does it keep quiet about the vulnerability and not tell anyone — making it easier to spy on the bad guys but also keeping the good guys insecure ?
Programs like the NSA ’s warrantless wiretapping program have created additional vulnerabilities in our domestic telephone networks .
Testifying before Congress earlier this month , former DHS National Cyber Security division head Amit Yoran said “ the intelligence community has always and will always prioritize its own collection efforts over the defensive and protection mission of our government ’s and nation ’s digital systems . ”
Maybe the NSA could convince us that it ’s putting cybersecurity first , but its culture of secrecy will mean that any decisions it makes will be suspect .
Under current law , extended by the Bush administration ’s extravagant invocation of the “ state secrets ” privilege when charged with statutory and constitutional violations , the NSA ’s activities are not subject to any meaningful public oversight .
And the NSA ’s tradition of military secrecy makes it harder for it to coordinate with other government IT departments , most of which do n’t have clearances , let alone coordinate with local law enforcement or the commercial sector .
We need transparent and accountable government processes , using commercial security products .
We need government cybersecurity programs that improve security for everyone .
The NSA certainly has an advisory and a coordination role in national cybersecurity , and perhaps a more supervisory role in DoD cybersecurity — both offensive and defensive — but it should not be in charge .
A copy of this essay , with all embedded links , is here :
https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2009/04/…
A version of this essay appeared on The Wall Street Journal website .
http://online.wsj.com/article/SB123844579753370907.html
Privacy in Google Latitude : good news .
http://.wired.com/business/2009/03/…
Leaving infants in the car .
It happens , and sometimes they die .
https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2009/03/…
Interesting piece of cryptographic history : a cipher designed by Robert Patterson and sent to Thomas Jefferson in 1801 .
https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2009/03/…
The Bayer company is refusing to talk about a fatal accident at a West Virginia plant , citing a 2002 terrorism law .
http://pubs.acs.org/cen/news/87/i11/8711news6.html
The meeting has been rescheduled .
No word on how forthcoming Bayer will be .
http://www.csb.gov/index.cfm?…
Research on fingerprinting paper :
http://www.freedom-to-tinker.com//felten/…
http://citp.princeton.edu/pub/paper09oak.pdf
Blowfish on the television series 24 , again :
https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2009/03/…
Interesting analysis of why people steal rare books .
http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/…
Last month , I linked to a catalog of NSA video courses from 1991 .
Here ’s an update , with new information ( the FOIA redactions were appealed ) .
http://www.governmentattic.org/2docs/…
You just ca n’t make this stuff up : a UK bomb squad is called in because someone saw a plastic replica of the Holy Hand Grenade of Antioch , from the movie Monty Python and the Holy Grail .
https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2009/03/…
Interesting research in explosives detection .
http://www.aip.org/press_release/…
A Psychology Today article on fear and the availability heuristic :
http://s.psychologytoday.com//…
From Kentucky : I think this is the first documented case of election fraud in the U.S. using electronic voting machines ( there have been lots of documented cases of errors and voting problems , but this one involves actual maliciousness ) .
Lots of details ; well worth reading .
https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2009/03/…
Sniffing keyboard keystrokes with a laser :
http://news.zdnet.com/2100-9595_22-280184.html
Where you stand matters in surviving a suicide bombing .
http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2009/03/…
Presumably they also discovered where the attacker should stand to be as lethal as possible , but there ’s no indication they published those results .
An impressive solar plasma movie - plot threat .
http://www.newscientist.com/article/…
Security fears drive Iran to Linux :
http://www.theage.com.au/articles/2004/09/21/…
A gorilla detector , from Muppet Labs .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4QrelL9fOjY
Bob Blakley makes an interesting point about what he calls “ the zone of essential risk ” : “ if you conduct medium - sized transactions rarely , you ’re in trouble .
The transactions are big enough so that you care about losses , you do n’t have enough transaction volume to amortize those losses , and the cost of insurance or escrow is high enough compared to the value of your transactions that it does n’t make economic sense to protect yourself . ”
http://notabob.blogspot.com/2009/03/…
Massive Chinese espionage network discovered :
https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2009/03/…
Thefts at the Museum of Bad Art :
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Museum_Of_Bad_Art
Be sure to notice the camera :
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:MOBAcamera.JPG
Here ’s a story about a very expensive series of false positives .
The German police spent years and millions of dollars tracking a mysterious killer whose DNA had been found at the scenes of six murders .
Finally they realized they were tracking a worker at the factory that assembled the prepackaged swabs used for DNA testing .
http://scienceblogs.com/authority/2009/03/…
This story could be used as justification for a massive DNA database .
After all , if that factory worker had his or her DNA in the database , the police would have quickly realized what the problem was .
Identifying people using anonymous social networking data :
https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2009/04/…
What to fear : a great rundown of the statistics .
http://www.counterpunch.org/goekler03242009.html
Crypto puzzle and NSA problem :
http://www.cryptosmith.com/archives/565
Clever social networking identity theft scams :
https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2009/04/…
Police powers and the UK government in the 1980s :
https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2009/04/…
Research into preserving P2P privacy :
http://www.physorg.com/news158419063.html
Fact - free article about foreign companies hacking the U.S. power grid suggests we panic .
My guess is that it was deliberately planted by someone looking for leverage in the upcoming budget battle .
https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2009/04/…
Here ’s a tip : when walking around in public with secret government documents , put them in an envelope .
Do n’t carry them in the open where people can read ( and photograph ) them .
https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2009/04/…
Details of the arrests made in haste after the above disclosure :
http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/uk/…
It is a measure of our restored sanity that no one has called the TSA about Tweenbots :
http://www.tweenbots.com/
How to write a scary cyberterrorism story .
From Foreign Policy .
http://neteffect.foreignpolicy.com/posts/2009/04/11/…
In the United States , the concept of “ expectation of privacy ” matters because it ’s the constitutional test , based on the Fourth Amendment , that governs when and how the government can invade your privacy .
Based on the 1967 Katz v. United States Supreme Court decision , this test actually has two parts .
First , the government ’s action can’t contravene an individual ’s subjective expectation of privacy ; and second , that expectation of privacy must be one that society in general recognizes as reasonable .
That second part is n’t based on anything like polling data ; it is more of a normative idea of what level of privacy people should be allowed to expect , given the competing importance of personal privacy on one hand and the government ’s interest in public safety on the other .
The problem is , in today ’s information society , that definition test will rapidly leave us with no privacy at all .
In Katz , the Court ruled that the police could not eavesdrop on a phone call without a warrant : Katz expected his phone conversations to be private and this expectation resulted from a reasonable balance between personal privacy and societal security .
Given NSA ’s large - scale warrantless eavesdropping , and the previous administration ’s continual insistence that it was necessary to keep America safe from terrorism , is it still reasonable to expect that our phone conversations are private ?
Between the NSA ’s massive internet eavesdropping program and Gmail ’s content - dependent advertising , does anyone actually expect their e-mail to be private ?
Between calls for ISPs to retain user data and companies serving content - dependent web ads , does anyone expect their web browsing to be private ?
Between the various computer - infecting malware , and world governments increasingly demanding to see laptop data at borders , hard drives are barely private .
I certainly do n’t believe that my SMSs , any of my telephone data , or anything I say on LiveJournal or Facebook — regardless of the privacy settings — is private .
Aerial surveillance , data mining , automatic face recognition , terahertz radar that can “ see ” through walls , wholesale surveillance , brain scans , RFID , “ life recorders ” that save everything :
Even if society still has some small expectation of digital privacy , that will change as these and other technologies become ubiquitous .
In short , the problem with a normative expectation of privacy is that it changes with perceived threats , technology and large - scale abuses .
Clearly , something has to change if we are to be left with any privacy at all .
Three legal scholars have written law review articles that wrestle with the problems of applying the Fourth Amendment to cyberspace and to our computer - mediated world in general .
George Washington University ’s Daniel Solove , who blogs at Concurring Opinions , has tried to capture the Byzantine complexities of modern privacy .
He points out , for example , that the following privacy violations — all real — are very different :
A company markets a list of 5 million elderly incontinent women ; reporters deceitfully gain entry to a person ’s home and secretly photograph and record the person ; the government uses a thermal sensor device to detect heat patterns in a person ’s home ; and a newspaper reports the name of a rape victim .
Going beyond simple definitions such as the divulging of a secret , Solove has developed a taxonomy of privacy , and the harms that result from their violation .
His 16 categories are : surveillance , interrogation , aggregation , identification , insecurity , secondary use , exclusion , breach of confidentiality , disclosure , exposure , increased accessibility , blackmail , appropriation , distortion , intrusion and decisional interference .
Solove ’s goal is to provide a coherent and comprehensive understanding of what is traditionally an elusive and hard - to - explain concept : privacy violations .
( This taxonomy is also discussed in Solove ’s book , Understanding Privacy . )
Orin Kerr , also a law professor at George Washington University , and a blogger at Volokh Conspiracy , has attempted to lay out general principles for applying the Fourth Amendment to the internet .
First , he points out that the traditional inside / outside distinction — the police can watch you in a public place without a warrant , but not in your home — does n’t work very well with regard to cyberspace .
Instead , he proposes a distinction between content and non-content information : the body of an e-mail versus the header information , for example .
The police should be required to get a warrant for the former , but not for the latter .
Second , he proposes that search warrants should be written for particular individuals and not for particular internet accounts .
Meanwhile , Jed Rubenfeld of Yale Law School has tried to reinterpret the Fourth Amendment not in terms of privacy , but in terms of security .
Pointing out that the whole “ expectations ” test is circular — what the government does affects what the government can do — he redefines everything in terms of security : the security that our private affairs are private .
This security is violated when , for example , the government makes widespread use of informants , or engages in widespread eavesdropping — even if no one ’s privacy is actually violated .
This neatly bypasses the whole individual privacy versus societal security question — a balancing that the individual usually loses — by framing both sides in terms of personal security .
I have issues with all of these articles .
Solove ’s taxonomy is excellent , but the sense of outrage that accompanies a privacy violation —
“ How could they know / do / say that ! ? ” — is an important part of the harm resulting from a privacy violation .
The non-content information that Kerr believes should be collectible without a warrant can be very private and personal : URLs can be very personal , and it ’s possible to figure out browsed content just from the size of encrypted SSL traffic .
Also , the ease with which the government can collect all of it — the calling and called party of every phone call in the country — makes the balance very different .
I believe these need to be protected with a warrant requirement .
Rubenfeld ’s reframing is interesting , but the devil is in the details .
Reframing privacy in terms of security still results in a balancing of competing rights .
I ’d rather take the approach of stating the — obvious to me — individual and societal value of privacy , and giving privacy its rightful place as a fundamental human right .
( There ’s additional commentary on Rubenfeld ’s thesis at ArsTechnica . )
The trick here is to realize that a normative definition of the expectation of privacy does n’t need to depend on threats or technology , but rather on what we — as society — decide it should be .
Sure , today ’s technology make it easier than ever to violate privacy .
But it does n’t necessarily follow that we have to violate privacy .
Today ’s guns make it easier than ever to shoot virtually anyone for any reason .
That does n’t mean our laws have to change .
No one knows how this will shake out legally .
These three articles are from law professors ; they ’re not judicial opinions .
But clearly something has to change , and ideas like these may someday form the basis of new Supreme Court decisions that brings legal notions of privacy into the 21st century .
A copy of this essay , with all embedded links , is here :
https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2009/03/…
This essay originally appeared on Wired.com .
http://www.wired.com/politics/security/commentary/…
I was interviewed on Federal News Radio about insider threats :
http://www.federalnewsradio.com/index.php?…
I ’m speaking at the Taiwan Information Security Center on April 17 in Taipei :
http://forum.twisc.ncku.edu.tw/dm.html
I ’ll be on the Cryptographers ’ Panel at the RSA Conference on April 21 in San Francisco :
http://www.rsaconference.com/2009/US/Home.aspx
I ’ll be the keynote speaker at the IPSI Research Symposium on May 6 in Toronto :
http://www.ipsi.utoronto.ca/events/…
I ’m speaking at the International Workshop on Coding and Cryptography on May 12 in Lofthus , Norway :
http://www.selmer.uib.no/WCC2009/callWCC2009.pdf
I ’m giving the keynote speech on Day 2 of the European OWASP Application Security Conference , May 14 in Krakow , Poland :
http://www.owasp.org/index.php/AppSecEU09
And I ’m giving the keynote speech at CONfidence on May 15 in Krakow , Poland :
http://2009.confidence.org.pl/
At least , according to U.S. law :
18 U.S.C. 2332a
( 2 ) the term “ weapon of mass destruction ” means —
( A ) any destructive device as defined in section 921 of this title ;
( B ) any weapon that is designed or intended to cause death or serious bodily injury through the release , dissemination , or impact of toxic or poisonous chemicals , or their precursors ;
( C ) any weapon involving a biological agent , toxin , or vector ( as those terms are defined in section 178 of this title ) ; or
( D ) any weapon that is designed to release radiation or radioactivity at a level dangerous to human life ;
18 U.S.C. 921
(4) The term “ destructive device ” means –
( A ) any explosive , incendiary , or poison gas–
( i ) bomb ,
( ii ) grenade ,
( iii ) rocket having a propellant charge of more than four ounces ,
( iv ) missile having an explosive or incendiary charge of more than one - quarter ounce ,
( v ) mine , or
( vi ) device similar to any of the devices described in the preceding clauses ;
( B ) any type of weapon ( other than a shotgun or a shotgun shell which the Attorney General finds is generally recognized as particularly suitable for sporting purposes ) by whatever name known which will , or which may be readily converted to , expel a projectile by the action of an explosive or other propellant , and which has any barrel with a bore of more than one - half inch in diameter ; and
( C ) any combination of parts either designed or intended for use in converting any device into any destructive device described in subparagraph ( A ) or ( B ) and from which a destructive device may be readily assembled .
The term “ destructive device ” shall not include any device which is neither designed nor redesigned for use as a weapon ; any device , although originally designed for use as a weapon , which is redesigned for use as a signaling , pyrotechnic , line throwing , safety , or similar device ; surplus ordnance sold , loaned , or given by the Secretary of the Army pursuant to the provisions of section 4684 ( 2 ) , 4685 , or 4686 of title 10 ; or any other device which the Attorney General finds is not likely to be used as a weapon , is an antique , or is a rifle which the owner intends to use solely for sporting , recreational or cultural purposes .
This is a very broad definition , and one that involves the intention of the weapon ’s creator as well as the details of the weapon itself .
In an e-mail , Ohio State University Professor John Mueller commented to me :
“ As I understand it , not only is a grenade a weapon of mass destruction , but so is a maliciously - designed child ’s rocket even if it does n’t have a warhead .
On the other hand , although a missile - propelled firecracker would be considered a weapon of mass destruction if its designers had wanted to think of it as a weapon , it would not be so considered if it had previously been designed for use as a weapon and then redesigned for pyrotechnic use or if it was surplus and had been sold , loaned , or given to you ( under certain circumstances ) by the Secretary of the Army .
“ It also means that we are coming up on the 25th anniversary of the Reagan administration ’s long - misnamed WMD - for - Hostages deal with Iran .
“ Bad news for you , though .
You ’ll have to amend that line you like using in your presentations about how all WMD in all of history have killed fewer people than OIF ( or whatever ) , since all artillery , and virtually every muzzle - loading military long arm for that matter , legally qualifies as an WMD .
It does make the bombardment of Ft. Sumter all the more sinister .
To say nothing of the revelation that The Star Spangled Banner is in fact an account of a WMD attack on American shores . ”
Amusing , to be sure , but there ’s something important going on .
The U.S. government has passed specific laws about “ weapons of mass destruction , ” because they ’re particularly scary and damaging .
But by generalizing the definition of WMDs , those who write the laws greatly broaden their applicability .
And I have to wonder how many of those who vote in favor of the laws realize how general they really are , or — if they do know — vote for them anyway because they ca n’t be seen to be “ soft ” on WMDs .
It reminds me of those provisions of the USA PATRIOT Act — and other laws — that created police powers to be used for “ terrorism and other crimes . ”
Prosecutions based on this unreasonable definition :
http://www.ph2dot1.com/2008/04/…
Before his arrest , Tom Berge stole lead roof tiles from several buildings in south - east England , including the Honeywood Museum in Carshalton , the Croydon parish church , and the Sutton high school for girls .
He then sold those tiles to scrap metal dealers .
As a security expert , I find this story interesting for two reasons .
First , amongst increasingly ridiculous attempts to ban , or at least censor , Google Earth , lest it help the terrorists , here is an actual crime that relied on the service : Berge needed Google Earth for reconnaissance .
But more interesting is the discrepancy between the value of the lead tiles to the original owner and to the thief .
The Sutton school had to spend £ 10,000 to buy new lead tiles ; the Croydon Church had to repair extensive water damage after the theft .
But Berge only received £ 700 a ton from London scrap metal dealers .
This is n’t an isolated story ; the same dynamic is in play with other commodities as well .
There is an epidemic of copper wiring thefts worldwide ; copper is being stolen out of telephone and power stations–and off poles in the streets–and thieves have killed themselves because they did n’t understand the dangers of high voltage .
Homeowners are returning from holiday to find the copper pipes stolen from their houses .
In 2001 , scrap copper was worth 70 cents per pound .
In April 2008 , it was worth $ 4 .
Gasoline siphoning became more common as pump prices rose .
And used restaurant grease , formerly either given away or sold for pennies to farmers , is being stolen from restaurant parking lots and turned into biofuels .
Newspapers and other recyclables are stolen from curbs , and trees are stolen and resold as Christmas trees .
Iron fences have been stolen from buildings and houses , manhole covers have been stolen from the middle of streets , and aluminum guard rails have been stolen from roadways .
Steel is being stolen for scrap , too .
In 2004 in Ukraine , thieves stole an entire steel bridge .
These crimes are particularly expensive to society because the replacement cost is much higher than the thief ’s profit .
A manhole cover is worth $ 5 - $ 10 as scrap , but it costs $ 500 to replace , including labor .
A thief may take $ 20 worth of copper from a construction site , but do $ 10,000 in damage in the process .
And even if the thieves do n’t get to the copper or steel , the increased threat means more money being spent on security to protect those commodities in the first place .
Security can be viewed as a tax on the honest , and these thefts demonstrate that our taxes are going up .
And unlike many taxes , we do n’t benefit from their collection .
The cost to society of retrofitting manhole covers with locks , or replacing them with less resalable alternatives , is high ; but there is no benefit other than reducing theft .
These crimes are a harbinger of the future : evolutionary pressure on our society , if you will .
Criminals are often referred to as social parasites ; they leech off society but provide no useful benefit .
But they are an early warning system of societal changes .
Unfettered by laws or moral restrictions , they can be the first to respond to changes that the rest of society will be slower to pick up on .
In fact , currently there ’s a reprieve .
Scrap metal prices are all down from last year ’s–copper is currently $ 1.62 per pound , and lead is half what Berge got–and thefts are down along with them .
We ’ve designed much of our infrastructure around the assumptions that commodities are cheap and theft is rare .
We do n’t protect transmission lines , manhole covers , iron fences , or lead flashing on roofs .
But if commodity prices really are headed for new higher stable points , society will eventually react and find alternatives for these items–or find ways to protect them .
Criminals were the first to point this out , and will continue to exploit the system until it restabilizes .
A copy of this essay , with all embedded links , is here :
https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2009/04/…
A version of this essay originally appeared in The Guardian .
http://www.guardian.co.uk/technology/2009/apr/02/…
There are hundreds of comments — many of them interesting — on these topics on my blog .
Search for the story you want to comment on , and join in .
http://www.schneier.com/
Since 1998 , CRYPTO - GRAM has been a free monthly newsletter providing summaries , analyses , insights , and commentaries on security : computer and otherwise .
You can subscribe , unsubscribe , or change your address on the Web at < http://www.schneier.com/crypto-gram.html>.
Back issues are also available at that URL .
Please feel free to forward CRYPTO - GRAM , in whole or in part , to colleagues and friends who will find it valuable .
Permission is also granted to reprint CRYPTO - GRAM , as long as it is reprinted in its entirety .
CRYPTO -GRAM is written by Bruce Schneier .
Schneier is the author of the best sellers “ Schneier on Security , ” “ Beyond Fear , ” “ Secrets and Lies , ” and “ Applied Cryptography , ” and an inventor of the Blowfish , Twofish , Phelix , and Skein algorithms .
He is the Chief Security Technology Officer of BT BCSG , and is on the Board of Directors of the Electronic Privacy Information Center ( EPIC ) .
He is a frequent writer and lecturer on security topics .
See < http://www.schneier.com>.
Crypto-Gram is a personal newsletter .
Opinions expressed are not necessarily those of BT .
Copyright ( c ) 2009 by Bruce Schneier .
Britain's most popular chocolate bar , Dairy Milk , is to become Fairtrade certified in Britain and Ireland in a move that will double the amount of cocoa bought from smallholders in the developing world under the sustainable farming scheme .
The decision - the highlight of Fairtrade Fortnight - will transform Fairtrade chocolate from a niche preference to a mainstream ethical benchmark , putting the sustainability quality mark on 15 % of chocolate sold in Britain .
Cadbury 's chief executive , Todd Stitzer , said he plans to convert the group 's other chocolate brands to Fairtrade " as soon as we can do it " .
Dairy Milk is the first mainstream chocolate bar to be sold with a commitment to pay cocoa suppliers the " Fairtrade premium " of $ 150 ( £ 105 ) a tonne above market prices .
When the bars go on sale this summer the value of Fairtrade chocolate sales in Britain will leap from £ 45 m to £ 225 m .
Cadbury 's pledge to buy 10,000 tonnes of cocoa under Fairtrade terms will triple certified sales from Ghana .
Fairtrade terms require buyers to commit to a minimum price of $ 1,600 a tonne .
For more than two years the open market price has been climbing and yesterday reached $ 2,213 .
This is the longest period prices have stayed above the guarantee price and the International Cocoa Organisation yesterday predicted a third year of " production deficit " .
This makes a Fairtrade commitment more affordable than in previous years .
Stitzer nevertheless insisted Cadbury was committed to Fairtrade for the long term , regardless of price movements .
• This article was amended on Wednesday 30 September 2009 .
Fairtrade is a quality mark ; it is not , as we said , a kitemark .
Kitemark is a registered trademark for products and services audited by the British Standards Institution .
This has been corrected .
February 13 , 2009
From the Desk of Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton :
FEC Investigation Confirms Obama Received Discount Mortgage
The Federal Election Commission ( FEC ) notified Judicial Watch this week that it has " closed the file " on our complaint against Senator Barack Obama for allegedly accepting a below market rate mortgage loan in 2005 not available to the general consumer .
In its factual and legal analysis , however , the FEC does confirm that Obama obtained a discounted loan but said no laws were violated .
So , to sum :
Yes Barack Obama did receive a special below - market loan the rest of us could n’t get .
And a big " no " to the idea that he ought to be held accountable for it .
Upset ?
So are we .
Here ’s a bit of the back story .
According to Judicial Watch ’s original FEC complaint , filed July 8 , 2008 , Obama reportedly received a home loan of $ 1.32 million at a rate of 5.625 percent , although the average going rate on that day according to two different surveys was between 5.93 and 6 percent .
Unlike what was reportedly available for the general consumer , this special below market " super super jumbo " loan , was secured without an origination fee or discount points .
According to The Washington Post , which first raised questions about Obama ’s mortgage , the favorable interest rate would save Barack Obama $ 300 a month , which over the life of the 30 - year loan , would be at least $ 108,000 .
Judicial Watch contends these preferential loan terms constitute an illegal corporate campaign contribution to Obama .
As Judicial Watch noted in its complaint , Northern Trust has supported Barack Obama ’s political campaigns for elected office since 1990 .
Moreover , Northern Trust Vice President John O’Connell essentially admitted the company provided Obama preferential loan terms because of his position in the U.S. Senate .
( Obama was a senator at the time . )
" A person ’s occupation and salary are two factors ; I would expect those are two things we would take into consideration , " O’Connell told The Washington Post [ emphasis added ] .
" This was a business proposition for us . "
The FEC ’s legal analysis dismissed O’Connell ’s admission .
The FEC based its decision to exonerate Obama largely on the fact that Northern Trust claims it provided preferential terms to other " similarly situated borrowers " in addition to Obama .
Northern Trust ’s new explanation was that eight of 14 of similarly situated borrowers ( including Obama ) received a mortgage loan discount .
Who are these unnamed " similarly situated " borrowers ?
Are they also elected officials ?
We do n’t know because neither Northern Trust nor the FEC have been forthcoming with any details .
Needless to say , as I told the press this week , for the FEC to base its decision to excuse Obama on the fact that a few other unnamed borrowers also received sweetheart mortgages seems irresponsible .
Look no further than the Countrywide which doled out corrupt mortgages to numerous public officials to see the massive hole in that logic .
The fact is that Northern Trust ’s president admitted Obama received the loan , in part , based on his position .
This is improper and almost certainly constitutes an illegal campaign contribution ( or gift ) .
In our view , the FEC ’s response is inadequate and it certainly does not serve the public ’s interest .
Judicial Watch Sues Homeland Security over Mexican Incursion Documents
Judicial Watch filed a lawsuit recently against the Department of Homeland Security to obtain all available records involving incursions by armed Mexican government personnel into the United States in 2008 .
We filed a Freedom of Information Act request to obtain these records and , as per usual , the government stonewalled , prompting the lawsuit .
Now I know why the federal government does n’t want these records released .
Because they likely reveal the chaotic and dangerous situation at our nation ’s border with Mexico and highlight the government ’s impotent response to this serious threat to national security .
If the public understood the full truth about unmarked helicopters invading our air space , shots fired on the border , and drug smuggling by Mexican government operatives , there would be widespread public outrage and that is obviously something the federal government would rather avoid .
And if you think I ’m exaggerating , just check out some of the incidents uncovered by Judicial Watch from the last batch of records we obtained for 2007 .
MEXICAN MILITARY INCURSION ( ARMED / INTENTIONAL ) TUCSON / TUCSON – On April 23 , 2007 , Border Patrol Agents … reported a Mexican military incursion on the Tres Bellotas Ranch near Arivaca , Arizona .
The agents were using night vision equipment and observed … seven to ten Mexican military personnel in Humvees carrying long arms …
The agents continued to back away from the [ soldiers ] when they heard [ one ] soldier chamber a round into his rifle .
The agents observed …that the military personnel had fanned out in a tactical formation on both sides of the US / Mexico International Boundary .
MEXICAN MILITARY INCURSION ( ARMED / INTENTIONAL ) TUCSON SECTOR / SONOITA SECTOR – On July 5 , 2007 a Border Patrol Agent … encountered six subjects dressed in tan colored BDU style clothing …
A military style Humvee and a black Suburban were parked on the Mexican side of the border …
Two of the subjects appeared to be carrying bundles of narcotics on their backs .
MEXICAN POLICE INCURSION ( ARMED / INTENTIONAL ) EL CENTRO SECTOR / CALEXICO STATION – On August 26 , 2007 , Remote Video Surveillance System operators … observed a red Ford F150 south of the All American Canal between the United States and Mexico … Agents … encountered the vehicle and performed a vehicle stop …
The agents found credentials on the driver indicating that [ name redacted ] is an Agent of the Mexican Agencia Federal de Investigation .
The agents searched the vehicle and discovered several items to include : guns , ammunition , narcotics , night vision equipment , cell phones , a walkie talkie and a ski mask .
Overall , between 1996 and September 30 , 2007 there have been 278 confirmed incursions into the United States by Mexican Government personnel according to the Border Patrol Field Intelligence Center .
Prior to Judicial
Watch getting its hands on this information , the Department of Homeland Security had labeled the evaluated information in the report " For Official Use Only " and " Law Enforcement Sensitive Information . "
If you want to check out all of the Mexican Government incursion reports we ’ve obtained , from 2003 through 2007 click here .
I ’ll keep you posted as to when we obtain the most recent records from 2008 .
Montgomery County , MD , Announces Stricter Anti-illegal Immigration Policy
As most of you know , Judicial Watch has launched a nationwide campaign to help enforce our nation ’s immigration laws , a campaign that has taken Judicial Watch ’s investigations and legal teams from Southhampton , NY , to Phoenix , AZ , to Los Angeles , California , and many places in between .
However , some of our most significant successes have come right in our own backyard .
Of course , Judicial Watch helped force the Town of Herndon , Virginia , to shut down its illegal day labor site .
And now , it appears that Judicial Watch ’s work with a local grassroots organization called Help Save Maryland is paying dividends in Montgomery County , Maryland .
According to The Washington Post :
Montgomery County police will soon start telling federal immigration authorities the names of all suspects they arrest for violent crimes and handgun violations , an approach that reflects growing concerns about illegal immigration and crime but stops short of the broader enforcement efforts used in some counties .
Now , as the Post points out , this is just a baby step for Montgomery County — stopping short of where we would like them to be on the issue of illegal immigration enforcement .
But when you consider just how powerful and active the pro-illegal immigration forces are in this part of the country , it is a significant victory .
The DC suburb of Montgomery County is a liberal bastion .
But recent outrages of illegal aliens murdering innocents after being released by local police have forced the liberals running the county to have a change of heart on immigration enforcement .
The lesson is to never stop pressuring any politician to do the right thing and enforce the rule of law on immigration matters .
Until next week …
Tom Fitton
President
Judicial Watch is a non-partisan , educational foundation organized under Section 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) of the Internal Revenue code .
Judicial Watch is dedicated to fighting government and judicial corruption and promoting a return to ethics and morality in our nation ’s public life .
To make a tax - deductible contribution in support of our efforts , click here .
Advertisements
Are the Food Police really coming to dig up your organic garden ?
There ’s an email going around spreading fear into the hearts of home gardeners across America … People who love to garden or finally resorted to gardening to avoid food poising from our less - than regulated food supply courtesy of the under - staffed Bush FDA are now terrified that the Food Police are coming to our backyards to dig up our heirloom tomatoes and force us to eat hormone - injected , dyed - red tomatoes that taste like plastic .
Now , I do n’t know about you , but these days when I hear fear - mongering like that , I immediately think : Republican agenda .
After all , this is their modus operandi .
By Republican agenda , I mean NeoCons , Big Business , and basically anyone who uses Republican tactics to successfully bring about better legislation for corporate interests .
Advertisements
So , I ’m suspicious .
I ’ve been burned enough by their whisper campaigns to now question everything I hear .
And I mean , if a Republican ( or “ moderate ” as they now call themselves , in yet another effort to co-opt our language and win the war on Truth , but I digress ) told me the sky was blue , I ’d look up to check the color of the sky .
After 8 years or more of their Ministry of Truthiness , one could say I ’ve finally learned .
Another clue that I needed to investigate was that it made no sense .
Under this administration and with a Democrat sponsoring the bill , suddenly organic gardening was going to be attacked ?
The science deniers of the Bush administration scoffed at “ organic ” ; they ’ve been selling us plastic formaldehyde as baby food for as long as they could rebrand crap .
If anyone were going to go after small farmers and organic gardeners , it only makes sense that it would be the Big Agriculture / Big Business party !
So , I did a little research on H.R. 875 and it appears these bills are not intended to threaten organic food or home gardening at all ; Furthermore , the sponsor of the bill has quite a solid reputation of supporting farmers .
No , indeed , this bill actually came about in response to the many serious instances of food contamination lately ; such as the Peanut Scare , the Tomato Scare , the Spinach Scare , etc — i.e. , Bush ’s War on Food .
The main purpose of the H.R. 875 is to create a Food Safety Administration ( FSA ) within the Department of Health and Human Services to protect the public health .
Now , I ’m no FDA policy expert and I ’m not going to argue for the necessity of this bill , but I do concur that something needs to be done about our food safety .
I ’d start off with staffing and funding the notoriously under - funded Bush FDA so that they could perform actual inspections of food plants as my first order of business ( cough , cough ) .
But , I ’m willing to bet that the Obama administration will be pragmatic in their reorganization of the failed Bush FDA .
After all , you have to like government and believe in its efficacy to some degree in order to manage it well .
In an attempt to smear this bill , it has been suggested that this bill makes it “ illegal to grow your own garden ” .
Unless you plan on selling your produce across states lines , Snopes assures us that you do n’t need to worry about the Food Police coming to shut down your backyard garden ( whew ) .
Some folks are objecting to the term “ food production facility ” , and interpreting that to mean that their home vegetable garden would be considered a farm , ranch or orchard .
That seems like a stretch , no ?
We do know that one person is n’t worried about it , and that is First Lady Michelle Obama , who recently planted an organic garden at the White House , much to the displeasure of pesticide companies around America , who vociferously voiced their outrage at her unwillingness to poison her garden .
Another smear put forth is that Rep DeLauro ( D - Conn ) , who is sponsoring the bill , has ties to big agricultural company Monsanto .
This smear uses the inference that because Monsanto was a client of the firm where Rep DeLauro ’s husband was employed as a CEO ten years ago , she ’s “ Pallin ’ around with Monsanto ” ; in other words , implied guilt by association .
According to Snopes , her husband ’s company has n’t had any connection to Monsanto for over a decade .
From the Snopes link , there ’s a link to further discussion of how these bills could be misused and impact small farmers negatively as well , which is an important debate — but the intent of the bill is to help regulate our food supply , not to make it “ illegal to grow your own garden ” .
This might be a good time to mention that organic farming is regulated by the U.S. Department of Agriculture , under its “ National Organic Program , ” not the FDA .
Furthermore , the bill is supported by several Members of Congress who have strong progressive records on issues involving farmers markets , organic farming , and locally grown foods .
H.R. 875 is the only food safety legislation that has been supported by all the major consumer and food safety groups :
— Center for Foodborne Illness Research & Prevention
— Center for Science in the Public Interest
— Consumer Federation of America
— Consumers Union
— Food & Water Watch
— The Pew Charitable Trusts
— Safe Tables Our Priority
— Trust for America ’s Health
Representative DeLauro responded to the seeming internet hysteria over her bill with this statement :
“ ” The intent of the bill is to focus on the large , industrial processes such as the peanut processing plant in Georgia that was responsible for the salmonella outbreak that killed nine people , ” she says .
She emphasizes that the Constitution ’s commerce clause prevents the federal government from regulating commerce that does n’t cross state lines .
DeLauro says she ’s open to making technical changes to the bill if any small farmers remain concerned that the bill is aimed at them .
Currently , 15 separate federal agencies are involved in regulating food safety and there is no system in place to get to the source of an outbreak once it happens .
We still do n’t know what contaminated the tomatoes leading to a previous salmonella outbreak , one which was originally blamed on spinach — to the great detriment of spinach growers .
DeLauro ’s bill would put one agency in charge and try to organize the chaos that is the current system .
“ This notion that we ’re destroying backyard farms is absurd .
It ’s ludicrous , ” she says .
“ I chair the agriculture subcommittee of appropriations .
Why would I be putting farmers out of business ? ” ”
As someone who eats organic food and grows my own garden , I support organic gardening .
I also support getting the facts from the source .
Could the bill be worded better ?
Yes .
Apparently DeLauro is currently revising her bill ’s language in order to clarify the intent .
But the concerted efforts to smear this bill make me suspicious .
Who loses out if our food is more closely monitored ?
Organic gardeners or Big Ag ?
DeLauro has put forth that she believes the viral smear campaign originated from Libertarians , others have surmised it is coming from NICFA whose mission statement is “ to promote and preserve unregulated direct farmer - to - consumer trade ” and “ oppose any government funded or managed National Animal Identification System .
Did you catch the “ unregulated ” part ?
Hmmm ….
I ’m open to hearing other factually based points of view regarding this bill , but it just does n’t make sense to me right now that Rep DeLauro would want to hurt home - based organic gardeners .
And the words “ unregulated ” strike fear into my “ Free Market / deregulation ” burned brain ( I ’ve just peeked at my Roth IRA , how about you ? ) .
“ Pallin around with Monsanto ” , you say ?
Gee , why do n’t I believe you ?
Face recognition mechanisms in the brain are specialized to the eyes
Our brain extracts important information for face recognition principally from the eyes , and secondly from the mouth and nose , according to a new study from a researcher at the University of Barcelona .
This result , published March 27th in the open- access journal PLoS Computational Biology , was obtained by analyzing several hundred face images in a way similar to that of the brain .
Imagine a photograph showing your friend ’s face .
Although you might think that every single detail in his face matters to recognize him , numerous experiments have shown that the brain prefers a rather coarse resolution instead , irrespective of the distance at which a face is seen .
Until now , the reason for this was unclear .
By analyzing 868 male and 868 female face images , the new study may explain why .
The results indicate that the most useful information is obtained from the images if their size is around 30 x 30 pixels .
Moreover , images of eyes give the least “ noisy ” result ( meaning that they convey more reliable information to the brain compared to images of the mouth and nose ) , suggesting that face recognition mechanisms in the brain are specialized to the eyes .
This work complements a previously conducted study published in PLoS ONE , which found that artificial face recognition systems have the best recognition performance when processing rather small face images – meaning that machines should do it just like humans .
Via Physorg.com
Figures from a measuring station in northern Norway show that CO 2 levels are increasing by 2 - 3 parts per million every year
The concentration of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere has reached a record high , according to the latest figures released by an internationally regarded measuring station in the Arctic .
The measurements suggest that the main greenhouse gas is continuing to increase in the atmosphere at an alarming rate despite the downturn in dip in the rate of increase of the global economy .
Levels of the gas at the Zeppelin research station on Svalbard , northern Norway , last week peaked at over 397 parts per million ( ppm ) , an increase of more than 2.5 ppm on 2008 .
They have since begun to reduce and today stand at 393.7 p pm .
Prior to the industrial revolution , CO 2 levels were around 280 ppm .
CO 2 levels recorded in Svalbard tend to be higher than the global average , but scientists said the CO 2 level they had measured was unprecedented even for that location .
" These are the highest figures collected in 50 m years , " said Johan Strom , professor of atmospheric physics at the government - funded Norwegian Polar Institute , which collected the data .
" It is not the level of CO 2 that is the problem , because the earth will adapt .
What is very worrying is the speed of change .
Levels [ here ] are now increasing 2 - 3 ppm a year .
" The rate of increase is much faster than only 10 - 20 years ago .
You can almost see the changes taking place .
Never before have CO 2 levels increased so fast , " he said .
The global annual mean growth rate for 2007 was 2.14 ppm – the fourth year in the past six to see an annual rise greater than 2 p pm .
From 1970 to 2000 , the concentration rose by about 1.5 ppm each year , but since 2000 it has risen to an average 2.1 ppm .
" There can be week - to - week or day - to - day variability , " said Thomas Conway , research chemist at US National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration 's ( NOAA ) Earth Systems research lab in Boulder , Colorado .
But he said a 2.5 ppm annual increase was " on the high end " .
" This is part of an overall pattern of CO 2 increasing in the atmosphere .
Unless the burning of fossil fuels decreases , then the CO 2 will not decrease .
And if the rate of fossil fuel burning increases , so will the rate of CO 2 increases , " he added .
" These are quite large numbers .
It sounds like this is an Arctic phenomenon , " said Dr Vicky Pope , head of climate change advice at the Met Office Hadley Centre in Exeter .
" It fits with the general increase in emissions .
You would expect the concentrations of CO 2 to grow . "
Last week , NOAA released preliminary figures for its annual greenhouse gas index , which incorporates data from 60 sites around the world – including Zeppelin .
Total global CO 2 concentration topped 386 p pm .
In 2008 the global average increased by 2.1 ppm , slightly less than the 2.2 ppm increase in 2007 .
NOAA 's primary CO 2 measurement station is Mauna Loa Observatory in Hawaii .
CO 2 levels are typically higher in the Arctic than the global average because there is more landmass and human activity in the northern hemisphere .
As a result , human emissions from factories and transport tend to lead to higher CO 2 levels here .
The figures will concern policy - makers ahead of global talks on a successor to the Kyoto Protocol in December .
Climate scientists advise that the world must prevent CO 2 levels from rising higher than around 450 ppm CO 2 equivalent ( a measure of global warming potential that incorporates other gasses such as methane and is higher than the measured CO 2 levels ) to avoid a 2C increase on preindustrial global average temperature .
The Zeppelin research station is situated on a mountain top approximately 1100 km from the North Pole .
The closest town , Ny Alesund , is the northernmost human settlement in the world , mainly inhabited by research scientists .
Although the research station is far from major sources of human pollution , atmospheric circulation brings air from Europe and North America into the Arctic region .
" There is less human influence here and most of the pollution comes straight here at this time of the year .
From now on levels will reduce until the end of August when they will pick back up , " said Strom .
" It is clearly the effect of human activity .
Even if we stopped emitting now , we would have to live with this ... we will have to live with it for thousands of years , but that does not mean we should do nothing . "
The figures come as Al Gore hosts a conference in Tromso , northern Norway , on melting arctic ice .
Last week he told the US senate committee on energy and commerce that the arctic is now melting at an " unprecedented " rate .
" The most recent 11 summers have all experienced melting greater than the average 35 year time series , " he said .
He is expected to warn ministers in polar regions that the arctic ice cap may totally disappear in as little as five years if nothing is done to curb greenhouse emissions .
Earlier this month , US scientists reported that annually forming sea in the Arctic region covered roughly the same area as in previous years , but had significantly thinned .
Try explaining this new Quiznos commercial to your children
Please do not be shocked .
We are about to use internet terminology we have never before used at IHateTheMedia.com :
WTF ?
Sorry , but that ’s the only possible reaction to the new commercial for Quizno ’s new “ Toasty Torpedo ” subs .
You know , the ones shaped like giant male genitalia .
Watch the commercial .
We ’re pretty sure you ’ll agree .
The commercial features a talking oven that seems to be the gay cousin of HAL , the computer from the movie “ 2001 . ”
It starts with the gay oven talking to a Quizno ’s worker about how much they “ both enjoyed ” something .
We are n’t privy to what that something may have been , but the mere memory of it causes the worker to look down at his crotch .
Then the gay oven says “ Put it in me , Scott , ” referring to his tasty , toasty torpedo .
There ’s just so much that ’s wrong and tasteless about this commercial that you really wonder who it ’s aimed at , who approved it , and why .
The whole commercial comes across like some strange homage to gay , sado - mechanical sex .
Not that there ’s anything wrong with that .
( See also , Burger King uses oral sex to sell “ Super Seven Incher )
Source : TVSquad.com
As a single man in my mid-thirties , I ’ve spent 20 years trying to understand women , with mixed results .
It was n’t until six months ago , however , that I was given a clear insight into how the female mind works .
It came in the form of Lou - Lou , my two - year - old niece .
I know , as a grown - up , that the onus is on me to teach her useful stuff rather than the other way around , but in this case , the instruction was mutual .
I taught her how to wink , blow raspberries , burp and count to 10 , sort of .
“ One , two , three , seven , nine , ten ” , which is good enough for me , as , personally , I ’ve always thought the numbers four , five , six and eight were overrated .
In return , I learnt more about women in two months than I had gleaned on my own in two decades .
This does not mean , by the way , that I think women are like two - year - olds and should be treated as such .
I love my niece .
I respect my niece .
I ’d dive on an unexploded grenade for my niece , and not just to amuse her .
I would only dive on it if there was real danger of it exploding and hurting her .
Women are all individuals and I ’m making generalisations , but in the two - year - old Lou - Lou is the undiluted , unaffected essence – the “ id ” – of womanhood .
Here ’s what I ’ve learnt .
1. Ignore them
1 If I come into a room and bounce up to Lou - Lou like a clown , trying to amuse and entertain , she blanks me completely .
It ’s as if I do n’t exist .
If I walk straight past her , however , I guarantee she will call out my name and want to play with me .
2. Bribe them
Gifts work .
Preferably something noisy or sparkly .
With Lou - Lou , that means stuffed animals that sing or sequined hair grips .
With grown women , I suppose that equates to , say , cars and jewellery .
3. Compliment them
I ’ve mistakenly always held that compliments are like diamonds : valuable only for their scarcity .
Flood the market and they lose all value .
Not so .
Lou -Lou poos in her nappy , everyone cheers – as if she just came up with a workable solution to world hunger – and she beams like a lighthouse .
The same works with grown women , although , of course , only the general principle applies rather than the specific example given here .
( I learnt this one the hard way . )
4. Listen to them
I ’ve spent my life trying to preempt what women want .
I need n’t have bothered .
If I just pay attention , Lou - Lou will tell me exactly what she wants : eat , dance , doll , jump , run , sing , play , read .
Then all I have to do is organise it .
How much simpler my life would have been if I had listened and acted accordingly .
5. Apologise
It does n’t matter what you ’ve done .
It does n’t matter if you do n’t even know what you ’ve done .
I might have slighted Lou - Lou by putting the wrong doll in the pram .
What seems to you or me like a minor infraction is , to her , on a par with genocide .
The best policy is to throw yourself on her mercy and beg forgiveness .
But you must sound sincere .
You do n’t have to be sincere , just sound sincere .
This is so elementary , yet how many men ignore this advice ?
6 . Let them do it
Whatever “ it ” is .
No matter how ridiculous it may seem to you , let her do it .
When Lou - Lou gets an idea into her mind , there ’s no talking her out of it .
In fact , be supportive , encourage her even .
Then sit back and hope she discovers for herself that it was a stupid idea .
The downside is that she might decide it was an excellent idea .
One day , I found myself playing dolls ’ tea party for two whole hours and drank so many cups of imaginary tea , I was imaginary peeing all afternoon .
7 . Do n't tell them what to do
The best way to guarantee that she does n’t do what I want is by telling her to do it .
The clever thing is to make it seem like her idea – and make it seem fun .
One of my proudest moments was convincing Lou - Lou that watching the rugby World Cup final would be more fun than playing in the sandpit .
8 . Do n't complain to them
This is a tricky one .
What I mean by this is , do n’t burden her with your petty problems .
When I complain to Lou - Lou about a bad meeting or a sore back , she could n’t care less , but if there ’s genuinely something wrong , she will instinctively sense it and , with one hug , pick me up more than I thought possible .
9 . Do n't argue
There ’s simply no point .
You will never win , and if you do win , it will be a hollow victory because of the mood she ’ll be in for a long time afterwards .
Quite frankly , who needs the aggro ?
This leads to my final and most important point :
10 .
Do n't make them cry
There is nothing more distressing than watching Lou - Lou ’s enormous , innocent brown eyes overflow with tears , while her mouth becomes a gaping , drooling , mournful air - raid siren that pierces through to the core of my heart .
I ’m utterly defenceless when she cries .
And there ’s no known antidote .
Food ?
Monkey impressions ?
A pony ?
Stabbing myself in the eye with a chopstick ?
I will agree to anything to stop her crying – and does n’t she .
A shocking video showing NYPD cops raiding a bar , smashing gambling machines and shoving confiscated cash into their pockets has become an Internet hit and led to an internal probe of the officers involved , The Post has learned .
No official determination has been made as to whether cops were simply doing their jobs during the Nov. 14 , 2007 , raid on Beer Goggles , a troubled bar on Staten Island , or if they had more sinister motives .
But they told superiors things were done according to procedure .
One officer , who is bald and wearing an NYPD raid jacket , is seen counting cash – which sources said had been taken from the Joker Poker video game .
An undercover sergeant wearing a Yankee cap and dark jacket enters , and the bald cop hands him the stack of cash .
He pulls off some bills , folds them and thrusts them into his pocket after handing back the rest – as another officer bashes the game with a sledgehammer .
Seconds later , another cop in a Yankee cap and a green hooded jacket enters .
He takes the stack of bills , puts some of them into two of his pockets , then takes bills out of one of them and gives them back to the bald cop .
The raiders reported confiscating approximately $ 700 and arrested three workers for promoting gambling .
Charges against two were dropped .
The third pleaded guilty to disorderly conduct , and the vouchered cash was returned to bar owner Chris Shaffer .
The surveillance tape , which popped up on YouTube under the headline “ NYPD corruption at its best , ” was first screened at a separate departmental trial for Sgt. William Lewis .
Anthony Radicone , the bar ’s landlord , had accused Lewis of alerting Shaffer that undercovers were again targeting his tavern – which had received many summonses .
Many of the police actions were led by Lewis , a 24 - year veteran .
The Internal Affairs Bureau investigated Lewis for five months before suspending him and leveling corruption charges in March .
Several cops from the raiding party testified against him .
No decision has yet been reached .
His lawyers , Eric Franz and Tim Parlatore , introduced the tape to impeach the credibility of the raiders ’ testimony and to show that Shaffer could have learned the identities of the undercovers from his own videos – rather than from Lewis .
“ The only thing more incredible [ then the raiders ’ testimony ] is the testimony of witnesses from Internal Affairs , ” said Franz .
The NYPD declined comment .
murray.weiss@nypost.com
Whoops , you 're not supposed to be here !
This is the GameFront CDN .
Please visit GameFront.com for the best serving of video game culture , since 1998 .
Whether you 're looking for the biggest collection of PC gaming files on the planet , tools , tips or advice , GameFront has you covered .
Browse through over 120,000 mods , maps , tools and more .
Game on !
Take me home
By Roy Chaderton Matos , Venezuela 's ambassador to the Organization of American States .
Translated by Yoshie Furuhashi for MRZine , posted at Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal with permission .
January 30 , 2009 -- Watching television footage of one of the necessary and legitimate protests against the Israeli Embassy in Caracas , I spotted a lone sign with a slogan that left me thunderstruck .
The slogan was something like : " We condemn Hitler for not having completed his work of extermination ... "
The frightening message , totally alien to the Bolivarian process and the Chavista commitment to liberty , democracy , equality and social justice , shows that , every now and then in our struggles and protests , " loose cannons " come dog us and that we have to detect them and neutralise them and expel them like any foreign body .
Those hidden anti-Semites are much like other " loose cannons " such as professional anti-clericalists who shout , " Get thee behind me , Satan ! " when they encounter a believer , incited by the undeniable fact that a majority of the Venezuelan Catholic hierarchy refused to use their potential capacity to become a bridge between Venezuelans in the opposing camps and instead embraced the ultra right - wing Creoles and the immoral dictatorship of the media .
What 's lost on these pseudo - Chavista infiltrators is the deep Christian foundation of our socialist process and the social fact that most Venezuelan Catholics , including nuns and priests at the grassroots , are committed to the Bolivarian revolution .
None shall ever be permitted to use the recurrent crimes against humanity committed by the mediocre and murderous militarist elite of the State of Israel as justification for twisting the just rebellion of the Palestinians and solidarity with them into anti-Semitic aberrations .
No leftist has the right to forget that the Jews -- historically persecuted , not by the Muslims who for centuries opened their doors for them , but by first the Christian crusaders , then the inquisitors and finally the Nazis -- have a historical tradition of pioneering solidarity with social rebellions and progressive thought .
Never forget such illustrious Jews as Karl Marx , Rosa Luxemburg , Leon Trotsky , Albert Einstein , Sigmund Freud , and Bob Dylan .
Never forget the participation of Jews , even at the cost of their lives , in civil , labour , social and anti-war struggles in the United States or struggles against the ultra-Catholic military dictatorships in the Southern Cone .
Never overlook the fact that , in the United States , against the organised anti-Chavista campaign supported by the " Israel lobby " in that country , American Jewish intellectuals have spoken up : the most famous intellectual in the world , Noam Chomsky , so often cited by President Chávez , and Joseph Stiglitz , a winner of the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economics , who has supported us in our struggles against the dictatorship of neoliberalism .
But even if there had been no progressive Jew in history , which is n't the case , it would still be a mortal sin to silence the Jews or call for their extermination .
What we must do is to discuss , openly and face to face , the Zionist deviations and the systematic violations of human rights of the Palestinian people .
The killing of innocents or righteous fighters in Gaza cannot be solved by applying the radicalised lex talionis which is precisely the barbaric adventure undertaken -- with the cruelty of criminals and electoral opportunists -- by the Israeli battalions .
Repeatedly during the Fourth Republic in Venezuela , crypto-Nazi groups were established , which occasionally vandalised synagogues and other Jewish buildings with anti-Semitic symbols and slogans ( e.g. , " MSN " , " Tradition , Family and Property " etc. ) .
In general , those were ultra-radical Catholics -- of whom Hitler was one -- of the upper - middle class , who , instead of setting up a vulgar corner bar decorated with a bullfighting theme in their home , opted for a Nazi corner with flags and swastikas , old editions of Mein Kampf , Wehrmacht helmets or Gestapo caps , and sometimes also a fine Luger pistol awaiting an opportunity to kill a Jew .
To my surprise , by the way , some compatriots from the Jewish community in Venezuela , whether due to anti-Chavista conviction or sheer lack of awareness , have ended up marching in protest against our Bolivarian government side by side with those crypto -Nazis , inflamed by the poisons spewed by the media 's dictatorship .
In those days , too , the Venezuelan diplomats , at the United Nations and other international forums , supported the vast majority of decisions in favour of the Palestinian cause .
We just abstained , as in fact I personally did more than once , from any draft resolution containing untenable ultra-radical propositions .
I especially remember that , during my time as a member of the Venezuelan Mission to the UN , I organised a meeting , in 1978 at the Tudor Hotel New York , between a group of Venezuelan diplomats , recent graduates guided by the director of our School of International Studies , Carlos Guerón , a Jewish Venezuelan , and the head of the Washington office of the Palestine Liberation Oraganisation , Hassan Rahman .
In this international political battle , we , who have a balanced attitude to the problem but are committed to the Palestinian people , come across two manipulative visions that we must not accept .
One comes from those who insist on the Holocaust denial as if it were a matter of statistics .
One wonders : at what number does the Holocaust begin ?
Six million ?
Four million ?
Two million ?
One million ?
Half a million ?
The controversy would be laughable if it were not tragic .
For me there is no doubt that there was a policy of extermination of the Jews in Christian Europe .
To trivialise it is to disrespect the memory of its victims and the truth , as it would be to deny the genocide in Armenia , in Rwanda - Burundi , in Hiroshima - Nagasaki or in Palestine , including the genocide of the Indigenous population in Latin America .
The other is the blackmail that gets imposed on us , through the international media dictatorship , which accuses any persons or organisations of being anti-Semites when we raise our voice for the Palestinian cause and denounce the ghettos and concentration camps in Palestine , whose inhabitants are being exterminated by those in search of a final solution , with the First - World " Christian " support , deliberately massacring Arab children in order to eliminate future " terrorists " .
Familiar as I had already been with the suffering of the Jewish people since my childhood , through my conversations with my family and my readings , upon arriving at my first diplomatic assignment in Warsaw , the first thing I noticed was the climate of terror sown , among the already decimated Jewish community in Poland , by the anti-Semitic purges designed by the then interior minister Mieczysław Moczar in 1968 , which affected even key Jewish leaders of the Polish Communist Party .
Familiar as I am since my adolescence , through my personal dialogues and readings , with the suffering of the Arab - Palestinian people who have been forced to pay for the crimes committed by the Nazis , I can not but recognise what has been done to the Gaza ghetto as a policy of genocide .
There is much more to say about all this , but for now it 's enough that we are filled with spiritual oxygen , and we proclaim the brotherhood of Muslims , Jews , Christians , Hindus , Buddhists and atheists , all who believe and pray , and all who do n't believe and do n't pray .
Meanwhile , the spectres of historical anti-Semitism , particularly in Europe , including the Vatican , are stirring again ...
[ Roy Chaderton Matos , born in 1942 , is Venezuela 's ambassador to the Organization of American States ( since April 15 , 2008 ) .
He began his diplomatic career under the Rafael Caldera government as secretary of the Venezuelan embassy in Poland ( from 1969 to 1972 ) .
Under the Hugo Chávez government , he was foreign minister from 2002 to 2004 ; ambassador to France from 2004 to 2006 ; diplomatic advisor to Francisco Arias Cárdenas , Venezuela 's ambassador to the United Nations , in 2006 ; and ambassador to Mexico in 2007 .
The original article " Chavismo : Cristiano , Antinazi , Pro-Musulmán y Pro-Judío " was published by Agencia Bolivariana de Noticias , Radio Nacional de Venezuela , TeleSur and YVKE Mundial on January 30 , 2009 . ]
Long - time forum member Ben Driscoll has been posting his webcomic Daisy Owl in the forum since July .
Today , a little boy learns a harsh lesson about history .
It only gets stranger from there at DaisyOwl.com
Despite the most vicious and persistent attacks on a newly elected president since the South reacted to the election of Abraham Lincoln , every poll shows that Americans approve of President Obama more and more each day .
Only 21 % of Americans call themselves Republicans now and they are mostly concentrated in the same backwards parts of the country that reacted so violently against President Lincoln !
Today Diageo / Hotline released a poll that shows very clearly that Obama is popular , that he 's doing a good job and that the overwhelming majority of Americans feel he 's living up to expectations .
Last week Pew Research showed that most Americans feel that Fox is n't being fair to Obama .
On the other hand , most Americans now see right through Fox as a propaganda tool for the GOP and other right - wing interests .
In case you do n't expose yourself to far right extremist propaganda , you can catch up here at a look back at 100 days of " Fair and Balanced " :
Labels : Fox News
PITTSBURGH -- Longtime NHL forward Miroslav Satan has cleared waivers and been recalled by Pittsburgh as the Penguins end the regular season and head to the playoffs .
The move was announced Friday .
Satan had 17 goals and 19 assists in 65 games with Pittsburgh before being sent to Wilkes - Barre / Scranton of the AHL in a salary cap move at the March 4 trading deadline .
Satan was demoted after Pittsburgh picked up forwards Bill Guerin , Chris Kunitz and Craig Adams before the deadline .
At Wilkes - Barre , Satan had three goals and six assists in 10 games .
He rejoins the Penguins in time for Saturday 's regular - season finale at Montreal and the start of the playoffs next week .
He has 15 goals and 23 assists in 56 career playoff games .
“ Derrick ” was shown in more than 100 countries during its 20 - plus years on the air .
The cult series had fans in Australia , China and South Africa .
It also had a strong fan following in Italy and other European nations , making Tappert one of the most internationally - recognized German actors .
Tappert 's wife , Ursula , said the retired actor died in a Munich hospital on Saturday , DPA news agency reported on Monday , Dec. 15 .
He had been well until a few days earlier .
She declined to describe his illness .
The good cop
Tappert played Stephan Derrick , a jowly , thick - lipped but compassionate cop who seemed to have seen every facet of evil in his long career .
" Derrick , " became a Friday night staple in Germany .
There were 281 episodes produced between the show 's start in the mid-1970s until the late 1990s .
Inspector Derrick solved his cases by cold reasoning rather than brute force .
In a typical episode , a suspect would confess his or her guilt after the tall and quiet German police inspector would lay out his airtight case .
Derrick , who wore owlish glasses , was assisted by sidekick Harry Klein .
Tappert was born in Rhineland in 1923 and was conscripted into the German army during World War II , according to AFP news agency .
He began his acting career after briefly working as an accountant .
He started in theatre before moving on to films and television in the late 1950s .
" I value just being alone with my wife .
I do n't really see old colleagues anymore , most of them are already dead .
I 'll be joining them soon , " Tappert said in an interview with Bunte last May .
I have to tread very carefully here but ...
I 've climbed Kilimanjaro and it really was n't that big a deal .
Sure you get altitude sickness and it's a bit tiring but , apart from that , it 's just one of those things that you do if you 're travelling in Tanzania – you do a safari , climb Kili and then go to Zanzibar for a bit of beach action .
Nobody I know did any specific training for it , they just got on with it – try dancing as MC Hammer , that 's hard .
It 's the power of television I suppose – everything has to look exciting and heroic .
A week does n't seem to pass now without some programme showing people trying to climb Everest .
This has become such an industry that , on good climbing days , there are traffic jams on the way up .
It seems totally ridiculous that so many people are now able to have a go at something that , even 20 years ago , was the preserve of a very few elite nutters .
I think that you should have to ski down Everest now once you 've " summited " it .
This would make things a little trickier again and separate the men from the boys .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
I have n't climbed Everest and never will but I have climbed a volcano in Nicaragua and then attempted to ski down it .
Once again , it was for television – people only ever do this kind of stupid stuff for television .
It 's like Warren Beatty put it scathingly in the documentary , In Bed With Madonna : " What is the point of living off - camera ? "
I was in Nicaragua filming a travel show and Nicaragua is very much all about volcanoes , they 're everywhere and you are supposed to climb them ?
Why ?
" Because , " to paraphrase George Mallory , " they 're there . "
So I was told that I would be climbing this volcano and , not only that , I would be " boarding " back down the thing .
When I grumbled that I could n't snowboard – that I was a skier , they were very relaxed and told me not to worry , that they 'd find me some skis .
I should have given this more thought ; I should give all television I do more thought – but I never do .
I ended up spending half a day in the sticky , hot customs house in Managua , eventually to take possession of the first pair of skis ever to be imported into the country .
This should have been a warning but off we drove towards this volcano , with the skis on the roof .
The " climb " was not that arduous – a bit like Kilimanjaro , it was just a long , steep walk that you rather wished would end very soon .
When we eventually summited I got my first sight of the slope down which I was supposed to ski .
It was a sheer drop of loose , sharp , black stone and it made me a bit dizzy .
It was at this moment I discovered that when the production team had found out that people " boarded " down it , this meant on huge wooden sleds .
Nobody had ever attempted to ski down and he was looking forward to watching .
I got a sinking feeling and my life started to flash before me but I could n't turn back .
The cameras were rolling and my pride was at stake .
I donned the tiny " Bigfoot " skis and got ready to die .
It took me about 10 minutes to pluck up the courage to point the skis downhill .
The moment I did I shot off for about five metres before the skis stopped dead and I tumbled over and rolled halfway down the slope on what felt like thousands of little daggers .
It was n't my finest hour .
It turned out that skiing the volcano was n't really an option as the rocks did n't give enough slippage so I ended up slipping and stumbling all the way down to the bottom – something which took me about 40 very painful minutes .
Now I realise that I should have done this for Comic Relief and I 'd be hailed a hero by Gordon Brown and invited to a reception at No 10 where people could hear , once again , my heroic story .
As it is , the incident is for Five and is not being aired until 2010 , so you 'll just have to take my word for it .
It 'll be good training for the cheese - rolling that I 'm taking part in later this year .
That was for the Indy charity auction – I 'm all about charity this week although I 'm loath to talk about it .
Hooray Henrik , but pants are a bit rough
You 've got to love Henrik Stenson for stripping down to his undies so as not to sully his golf clothes – thought he might have some slightly more " golf " pants , though .
Maybe some tweed Y - fronts ?
We stop not far from the fireman 's memorial , at the remains of a tiny village .
The village was destroyed , and then buried under orders from the Soviets for being too radiactive .
The geiger counter here does n't show much radiation .
Yuri believes it was buried out of the Soviets ' desire to cover up the accident more than anything else
Credit : NEIL BYRNE
1 . It is the centre of the ( Canadian ) universe .
2. Jane Jacobs called it home .
3 . Our first mayor led a rebellion .
4 . We can finally buy a decent burrito .
5 . We can hang up our laundry without stirring up gossip .
6 . We have independent bookstores in every neighbourhood – and new ones are still opening .
7 . Our sports teams wear blue and purple , and we look damn good in blue and purple .
8 . We have a Little Malta .
9 . And a Little Azores .
10 .
There are so many Chinatowns , we 've lost count .
11 . There 's a festival for every neighbourhood and ethnic group in the city – and about a dozen crammed into every summer weekend .
12 . A million people can crowd the streets during one of these festivals and nobody gets mugged .
13 . Gays and lesbians can marry here .
14 .
There 's a perfect , tiny old church in the courtyard of the Eaton Centre .
15 . And a prayer labyrinth .
16 . North America 's most stable banks are based here .
17 .
The elegant footbridge at the mouth of the Humber that has inspired thousands of photographs .
18 . The surreal spectacle of Church Street on Halloween .
19 .
Long before wi-fi , we could predict the weather by looking at the beacon atop the Canada Life building .
20 . Violent crime is actually going down .
21 . The downtown population is actually going up .
22 . Admit it : A couple of the seemingly thousands of new condo dwellings are actually rather nice .
23 .
One of the city 's best golf courses runs underneath its busiest highway .
24 .
We can watch ( and cringe at ) young daredevils at Cummer Skateboard Park .
25 . The newspaper reading room at the Toronto Reference Library .
26 . We have a restaurant devoted to poutine .
27 .
Those streetcar drivers who assert themselves over the automated voice system with their own personal shout - outs for various intersections and attractions along their routes .
28 . Going down the giant escalator at the Paramount – er , Scotiabank Theatre .
29 .
Working up a sweat on the old wooden indoor running track at Hart House , followed by lunch at the Gallery Grill .
30 .
Dining on pho at 2 in the morning .
31 . The inspirational messages on the Inglis billboard keep Gardiner Expressway commuters uplifted .
32 . Touring local history ( and stopping for a game of chess ) at Mount Pleasant Cemetery .
33 .
The private viewing booths at the NFB 's Mediatheque .
34 .
That guy – you know the one – who insists on wearing shorts in the dead of winter .
35 .
We proudly display our favourite of Spacing magazine 's iconic buttons of TTC subway stations .
36 .
We dutifully separate our garbage into black , blue and green .
37 . Learning to love theatre classics , thanks to Soulpepper .
38 . Michael Snow's Canada geese sculpture in the Eaton Centre .
39 .
If you 're bored by what you 're watching at the Winter Garden Theatre , you can admire the faux greenery .
40 .
The artistic Utopia of the gorgeously restored 401 Richmond and the Wychwood Art Barns .
41 . We 've got more cyclists per capita than Vancouver .
42 . The SkyDome ( okay , Rogers Centre ) when the roof is in the process of being opened or closed .
43 . Basking in the sun at the Canada Master tennis tournament ( okay , the Rogers Cup ) .
44 . From the Humber Bay butterfly habitat , the city looks almost beautiful .
45 .
The dim sum is as good as the tapas .
( And the antipasti are as good as the panchan .
And ... )
46 . We 've got a sugar museum .
And a shoe museum .
47 .
When you look up you can see hawks circling .
48 . The double - decker Go trains flashing by cars gridlocked on the Gardiner .
49 .
We are a hockey city , baseball city , basketball city and now a soccer city .
50 .
We are sometimes also a cricket city .
51 . Eating your way across the globe at St. Lawrence Market on a Saturday .
52 . The Dakota Tavern , the west end 's roots - music rec room .
53 . Watching leaves turn at the Toronto Botanical Garden in the fall .
54 . Stopping in your tracks as a bigger - than - you - remembered Porter plane descends over the harbour .
55 .
The flume log ride at Ontario Place .
56 .
Without us , where would they film movies set in American cities ?
57 . Honest Ed's shrine to kitsch even lets Toronto fill in for Vegas from time to time .
58 . We never have to stop traffic for a Stanley Cup parade .
59 .
A family of beavers made a home for themselves at the Music Garden .
60 . Yonge - Dundas Square was supposed to be Toronto's answer to Times Square .
It 's really no comparison , but do n't you want to give the city a big condescending hug just for trying ?
61 . Colin Partridge 's vivid tree carvings in High Park .
62 . Getting to the Toronto City Centre Airport necessitates a ride on the world 's shortest ferry route .
63 . Bumping into a towel - clad celeb at Stillwater Spa .
64 . Marvelling at the machines that churn out sweet walnut cakes in Little Korea .
65 . Chilled - out revellers and circus performers at free summertime Promise parties put Cherry Beach on the map .
66 .
You can pay $ 5 for a cup of coffee at a growing number of specialty cafes – or still get your double - double for 90 cents .
67 .
For 10 star - struck days in September , Toronto is justified calling itself Hollywood North .
68 .
The raging fandom on display – for lacrosse !
– at Toronto Rock games is inspiring .
69 .
Spotting a big , beautiful white - tailed deer nibbling greenery at G. Ross Lord Park .
70 .
Watching a big ugly amphibious Hippo bus taking a swim in the harbour .
71 . The legendary white squirrel .
72 . We 've now got a deli and bagels that make trips to Montreal almost unnecessary .
73 .
The smiles on everyone 's faces during the first warm spell of the year .
74 . A hive of indie rock , from Apostle of Hustle to Woodhands .
Hip hop too : Kardi , K - os and K'Naan call it home .
76 . Scouting for migrating birds at the Leslie Street Spit – but look out for the snakes .
77 . Nuit Blanche , for letting us see the city with fresh eyes .
78 . The gorilla compound at the Toronto Zoo .
79 .
The intimate zoos at High Park , Riverdale Park and Centre Island .
80 .
A huge festival that treats authors like real celebrities .
81 . Exploring the cottagey , car - free Ward Island neighbourhood and wondering why we do n't all live there .
82 . The united nations of Baldwin Street .
83 . Tai chi at Christie Pits .
84 . The sad , poignant sculptures at Ireland Park .
85 . Being able to overhear – and see – top - shelf jazz from a comfortable perch outside the Nathan Phillips mainstage tent during the jazz festival when you can't afford a ticket .
86 . Getting back to nature , almost , in a meandering ravine .
87 . Housing is getting more affordable by the month .
88 . The view of the city as you drive south on the DVP .
89 . Riding your bike along the DVP and Gardiner during the annual Ride for Heart .
90 .
Lively literati – from Michael Ondaatje to Bryan Lee O'Malley – helped make this a city of the imagination .
91 . Enza , supermodel .
92 . The glass staircase in the Four Seasons Centre for the Performing Arts .
93 .
The glass floor at the CN Tower .
94 .
The perfect blend of old and new in the Brookfield Place atrium .
95 .
Top - notch , small - scale comedy at Bad Dog , Comedy Bar , Second City – and a dozen other barroom stages .
96 .
Basking in verdant luxury in the backyards of the wealthy along the Belt Line trail .
97 . Shirtless Zanta doing pushups in the cold .
98 . Extensive back - alley graffiti , some of which is better than the stuff hanging in galleries .
99 .
Gehry , Libeskind , Alsopp :
Thank you , thank you , thank you , for giving us architecture worthy of debate .
100 .
Spotting the almost mystical garbage train on the TTC late at night .
101 . Fig and molasses , chestnut and birch syrup ... and other exotic flavours from Kensington Market Organic Ice Cream .
102 .
The care that goes into irrepressibly quirky allotment gardens .
103 . Winter ?
What winter ?
Eating , shopping and working in the PATH .
104 .
Rightfully beloved Massey Hall has welcomed too many big names to count .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
105 .
Distillery delicacies : Mayan hot chocolate at Soma , organic beer at Mill Street Brewery , exotic fromage from A Taste of Quebec and a meat pie from Brick Street Bakery , enjoyed in the city 's most cinematic setting .
106 .
The surprisingly vibrant beach volleyball scene at Ashbridge 's Bay .
107 .
Helping a student by riding a rickshaw .
108 .
Listening to live music at the restored deco classic Carlu .
109 .
Eating brunch three times a day , every day , in Leslieville .
110 . SARS made us stronger – and the resulting benefit concert found a use for the empty expanse of Downsview Park .
111 . Ron Baird 's landmark kinetic steel sculpture on Dufferin St. south of Steeles Ave .
112 . The smell of baked goods at Bathurst and Eglinton subway stations .
113 .
The giant glowing pill - shaped classroom in the Leslie Dan Faculty of Pharmacy at U of T .
114 .
There 's a downtown driving range that doubles as a drive - in theatre .
115 . The CN Tower withstands some 50 lightning strikes a year .
116 .
We saw a guy take his Christmas tree home on the subway .
117 . The Dufferin Grove organic farmers market is open every Thursday from 3 to 7 p.m. year round .
118 . Going for mojitos at Julie's .
119 .
Then listening to live Cuban music at Lula Lounge .
121 . Coming across a part of the city transformed for a movie shoot .
122 . The impossibly ornate , painstakingly constructed Hindu temple that seems totally out of place alongside the 427 .
123 . Sipping from a green coconut and wishing Toronto had palm trees during Caribana .
124 . Lining up for Hakka food in Scarborough .
125 . Dancing to a band from a faraway land in the open air at Harbourfront .
126 . Reading a book on the bizarre slab of granite on Yorkville Ave .
127 . Feeling like you 're the first to discover fresh pupusas on Augusta Ave .
128 . Jackie Richardson , a one - woman musical treasure .
129 . Dusk Dances and Shakespeare in the Park : keeping green space interesting .
130 . Pillow fights , Zombie Walks , subway parties , Manhunt and Capture the Flag : keeping it weird .
131 . Spectacular patios – the Madison , Quigley 's and the Rectory , to name just three – filling up at the first sign of good weather .
132 . The " secret " patios hiding at the back of dozens of restaurants .
133 . Grazing among the cow statues in the TD Centre plaza .
134 .
Watching glass blowers performing their molten arts at York Quay Centre .
135 . Lying on the grass for a concert at Molson Amphitheatre .
136 .
Determining your favourite pa'an - wallah – by sampling them all – on Gerrard Street .
137 .
Collecting your winnings – even if you 're at a loss overall – at Woodbine Racetrack .
138 .
The fact that decades after Mies van der Rohe designed them , the TD towers look brand new .
139 .
The myriad and lovely stained glass windows on Annex - area homes .
140 . Singing karaoke with the Gladstone Cowboy .
141 . Doors
Open proves that yes , we do give a damn about architecture .
142 .
And there 's more to like here than just the Flatiron Building .
143 . Neil Young and Glenn Gould were both born here .
144 . The Rolling Stones surprise us with a secret concert once in a while .
145 .
Off - leash areas of parks , where dog owners sit on picnic tables and mingle while their furry charges roam free .
146 .
The harbour lit up with sails at sunset on a windy summer 's eve .
147 . Watching an extended streetcar accordion its way around a curve .
148 . Winter DJ skating parties .
149 .
The overhead OMNIMAX screen and comfy chairs you can lay back on at the Ontario Science Centre .
150 .
Trying not to puke while riding the Zipper at the CNE .
151 . Surviving the vomit comet .
152 . The awe - inspiring R.C. Harris fortress of water filtration .
153 . York University 's ravine - shrouded Glendon campus .
154 .
The best movies you 've never heard of at Cinematheque Ontario .
155 .
The best movies you missed the first time around – for a better price – at neighbourhood rep houses .
156 .
Ogling the old - money opulence of Rosedale .
157 .
And the nouveau opulence of the Bridle Path .
158 . The sights and smells of the Royal Agricultural Winter Fair .
159 . Summertime drum circles at Trinity Bellwoods Park .
160 .
We have had two World Series championships when cities that have had franchises longer – that means you , Houston and San Diego – have n't had any .
161 . Finding the perfectly musty tweed jacket in Kensington Market .
162 . Watching a dance lesson through the expansive windows of the National Ballet School .
163 . A taste of Dover at Bluffer 's Park .
164 .
The historic outdoor pool at Sunnyside Park .
165 .
Helping the artisans make meals from scratch at Black Creek Pioneer Village .
166 .
Actual gold in the windows of the Royal Bank tower makes us almost nostalgic for days of excess .
167 . Winterlicious and Summerlicious , when we can afford to dine amongst the expense - account set .
168 .
The city is finally realizing there 's a waterfront .
169 . The Mayor is your Twitter buddy .
170 .
Looking out from a rooftop lounge , you can see how much the city has changed in the last decade .
171 .
We 're nicer than they say we are .
We 're just a little shy sometimes .
172 . Big enough to be anonymous .
Small enough to know your neighbours .
173 .
It 's easy to leave .
174 .
It 's just as easy to come back .
175 .
If we do n't love it , who will ?
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Software used to control thousands of home computers has been acquired online by the BBC as part of an investigation into global cyber crime .
The technology programme Click has demonstrated just how at risk PCs are of being taken over by hackers .
Almost 22,000 computers made up Click 's network of hijacked machines , which has now been disabled .
The BBC has now warned users that their PCs are infected , and advised them on how to make their systems more secure .
Concerted attack Click managed to acquire its own low - value botnet - the name given to a network of hijacked computers - after visiting chatrooms on the internet .
The programme did not access any personal information on the infected PCs .
If this exercise had been done with criminal intent it would be breaking the law .
But our purpose was to demonstrate botnets ' collective power when in the hands of criminals .
Click ordered its PCs to send out spam to two specific test e-mail addresses set up by the programme .
Cyber gangs use botnets to support crimes such as fraud and theft Within hours , the inboxes started to fill up with thousands of junk messages .
But a botnet can also be used to launch a concerted attack on commercial websites to take them out of action .
Hefty ransom
By prior agreement , Click launched a Distributed Denial of Service ( DDoS ) attack on a backup site owned by security company Prevx .
Click then ordered its slave PCs to bombard its target site with requests for access to make it inaccessible .
Amazingly , it took only 60 machines to overload the site 's bandwidth .
DDoS attacks are used by extortionists who threaten to knock a site offline unless a hefty ransom is paid .
Jacques Erasmus from Prevx said that high - traffic websites with big revenues are a " massive target " for this kind of attack .
" Cyber criminals are getting into contact with websites and threatening them with DDoS attacks .
" The loss of trade is very substantial so a lot of these websites just pay - up to avoid it , " he explained .
Evolving threat Click has now destroyed its botnet , and no longer controls any hijacked machines .
However , the owners of unprotected PCs have been made aware that they are vulnerable to future attacks .
How a botnet works
In graphics
In addition , Click advised them on what steps to take to make their systems more secure .
Most computers have protection systems that need to be switched on and kept updated to protect them against the evolving threat from hackers .
Machines can be compromised simply by visiting an infected web page or opening an e-mail containing a virus as an attachment .
' Very professional '
Hackers exploit unprotected computers for valuable data such as banking and credit card details .
Criminals use botnets to send out thousands of spam messages , store stolen data , and fraud .
For instance , " phishing " e-mails which attempt to trick people into revealing their bank details are often routed through a botnet .
Users are normally unaware that their PCs are being controlled remotely by cyber criminals because there are almost no symptoms .
Greg Day from security firm McAfee explained that the people who control botnets are " very skilled professionals . "
" We 've seen this move from what used to be a hobbyist bit of fun into something now that is very professional , " he said .
Hackers are keen to recruit new PCs to a botnet to create a resource that they sell or hire out to other cyber criminals .
But some networks of hijacked computers are of " much more value " than others , according to Mr Erasmus .
" Computers from the US and the UK go for about $ 350 to $ 400 ( £ 254-£ 290 ) for 1,000 because they 've got much more financial details , like online banking passwords and credit cards details , " he said .
This report will be broadcast in this week 's edition of Click on Saturday 14 March at 1130 GMT on the BBC News Channel .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - President Barack Obama is launching a “ Major Economies Forum on Energy and Climate ” to help facilitate a U.N. agreement on global warming , the White House said on Saturday .
President Barack Obama participates in an " Open for Questions " town hall on the economy in the East Room at the White House in Washington , March 26 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Larry Downing
Leaders from 16 major economies have been invited to a preparatory session on April 27 and 28 in Washington to “ help generate the political leadership necessary ” to achieve an international pact to cut greenhouse gas emissions later this year , it said in a statement .
It said the meeting would spur dialogue among developed and developing countries about the issue , “ and advance the exploration of concrete initiatives and joint ventures that increase the supply of clean energy while cutting greenhouse gas emissions . ”
The major economies include : Australia , Brazil , Britain , Canada , China , the European Union , France , Germany , India , Indonesia , Italy , Japan , Korea , Mexico , Russia , South Africa and the United States .
Denmark , which is hosting a U.N. meeting at the end of this year to forge a pact that would take over from the Kyoto Protocol , and the United Nations were also invited .
The group ’s preparatory sessions are to culminate with a major meeting on the subject in La Maddalena , Italy in July , hosted by Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi .
The Group of Eight ( G8 ) rich nations also meets at the same location in Italy in July , though the statement did not spell out whether the meetings were connected .
Obama , a Democrat , has taken an aggressive stance toward fighting climate change , in a break from his predecessor , former Republican President George W. Bush .
Bush also spearheaded a “ major economies ” initiative on the issue , but many participants were skeptical of the process and concerned it was his administration ’s way of circumventing broader U.N. talks to forge an international deal .
The White House made clear in its statement that Obama ’s initiative would aim to augment U.N. talks .
The April meeting was to be held at the State Department , it said .
Up to 190 nations are to meet in Bonn , Germany , on Sunday to work on plugging huge gaps in the international pact , which is slated to be agreed in Denmark in December .
Obama wants to cut U.S. emissions by roughly 15 percent back to 1990 levels by 2020 -- tougher than Bush , who saw U.S. emissions peaking as late as 2025 .
Simeon Varlamov is 20 years old , does not speak English and has played only eight games in the N.H.L .
He is such an unknown quantity that even his coach does not seem to know much about him .
“ Seven games — that ’s how well I know him , ” Washington Capitals Coach Bruce Boudreau said Tuesday during practice at Madison Square Garden , missing Varlamov ’s total by one .
“ My level of communication with him is patting him on the back and saying ‘ Good game ’ or ‘ Go get ’em , ’ ” he added .
Boudreau surely had not forgotten Varlamov ’s eighth game with the team — a 33 - save shutout Monday night in a 4 - 0 victory over the Rangers that helped the Capitals trim their deficit in their best - of - seven Eastern Conference first - round series to 2 - 1 .
Most people think a lot about sex , and often in relation to the people around them .
In some subcultures it is OK to say most such thoughts out loud , but most societies prudishly discourage sex talk , except in unusual circumstances .
This avoids awkward situations , but also forces people to use weaker clues to infer folks ' sexual interests .
Societies also vary in how " prudish " they are about status talk .
Social status , a shared perception of individual quality , is central to every society .
In some societies , like high school or the ghetto culture as depicted on The Wire , it is mostly OK to directly jockey for status ; you can tell someone you are better than them , or that they have a loser car .
In contrast " egalitarian " societies discourage such talk ; such jabs must be made indirectly enough to allow plausible deniability .
Now as with sex , discouraging status talk avoids awkward situations ; direct status jabs often escalate into challenges and battles .
But this prudishness also reduces the signals people have to infer the social status of others , and this influences what counts for social status ; societies vary in the relative weight they put on wealth , beauty , physical power , achievement , awards and degrees , popularity , institutional affiliations , and so on .
When " pissing " contests and " trash " talks are allowed , they tend to be influential in perceptions of relative status .
Most school bands , for example , have finely - graded public member rankings , which change based on challenge contests .
Physical fight outcomes are very influential in male cultures that allow such things , and rumors that trash folks are very influential in female cultures that allow such things .
Without such direct status signals , however , people must rely more on other clues about social status , such as jobs , degrees , wealth , beauty , etc .
Note that status prudishness is a matter of degree .
Yes , it may be impolite to directly take visible actions that explicitly indicate someone 's status , especially relative to you .
But this rule usually only applies to people " near " your status level ; it is acceptable to fawn over movie stars or to pretend a bum is n't there .
More prudish societies may require you to ignore status over a wider range of status differences , but every society allows acknowledging large enough differences .
So how does status prudishness influence what counts for status ?
First , it reduces the importance of contest and rumor specific skills .
Second , it reduces the ability of folks around you to influence your perceived status .
When contests are OK , folks around you can gossip about you , challenge you , or they can influence the shared judgment about who " won " contests .
But if your status depends more on what school you attended or what job position you have , the people around you will tend to have less influence over such things .
So when the people around you have less influence over your perceived status , who takes up that slack , and gets more influence ?
It seems to me that in our society it is mostly higher status elites who get more influence ; they decide who gets into what school , who gets what job , etc .
And high enough people are allowed to let their relative status influence their actions toward you , creating visible signals about your status that others can observe .
Relative to societies where most people have a say in ranking folks around then , status - prudish societies tend to delegate this ranking task to elites .
This may in fact produce a better society , but it seems odd to call this more " egalitarian " ; people still end up being ranked , and the power to set those rankings is concentrated more into elite hands .
Refusing to acknowledge inequality is not the same as reducing inequality .
This all applies to my intellectual world .
When evaluating someone intellectually , I tend to downplay their degrees , publications , affiliations , etc. and focus on how they handle themselves in intellectual conversation .
But most academics have more prudish norms , and consider it rude to challenge prestigious visitors to thoughtfully discuss topics beyond their prepared speech .
Thank goodness my favorite lunch partners share my imprudish tastes . 🙂
I think this also explains some of the popularity of democratic politics and fractured mass culture ; these are places where we see ourselves influencing the status of others .
GD Star Rating
loading ...
Presidential advisers get their personal lives hopelessly tangled up with professional duties as they try to conduct the business of running a country .
Fictional Democratic President Josiah " Jed " Bartlet suffers no fools , and that policy alienates many .
He and his dedicated staffers struggle to balance the needs of the country with the political realities of Washington , D.C. , working through two presidential terms that include countless scandals , threats and political scuffles , as well as the race to succeed Bartlet as the leader of the free world .
Written by Jwelch5742
Eagles knows how to eat Tortoises
As you 'll see , GOP strategist Cheri Jacobus claims that President Bush " kept us safe for nine years , " and President Obama is " a very popular president whose popular personally going in and sort of riding that wave of optimism . "
Yes , that 's right - according to the GOP , Barack Obama is " riding a wave " created by George W. Bush .
Jacobus , of course , refuses to answer my question about whether Bush " kept us safe " on 9/11 , a day that saw the worst terrorist attack in American history .
The Bush administration was pretty explicitly warned about the possibility of such an attack in memos and other briefings ( and the administration was explicitly warned about plots to crash planes into buildings ) .
And yet before 9/11 , clearly took it 's eye off the security ball .
And it 's not just 9/11 .
The Bush administration did n't keep us safe during the anthrax attacks , and it 's Iraq invasion did n't keep us safe , either ( and that 's according to our intelligence agencies ) .
I 'll admit I was a bit incessant with my question , but I just feel we can't let the Right try to fabricate a storyline and revise history about the Bush administration - and more generally , Bush administration policy - " keeping us safe , " especially not right now .
With Obama trying to rebuild our diplomatic ties with the rest of the world and trying to engage some of our adversaries , the Right is already mounting a fearmongering campaign claiming that such a shift from Bush - ish isolationism will endanger America .
And to validate their hysteria , they insist that Bushism made us safe - and any deviation from Bushism will endanger us .
That 's why it is so important to constantly inject facts into these foreign policy debates :
Because if Obama keeps trying to fundamentally reshape American foreign policy on more progressive terms , the right - wing hysteria is only going to get more intense .
We 've got to prevent that hysteria from getting traction .
CANNABIS CULTURE – A Fox News team is offered a look inside the US Government ’s one and only marijuana farm and research lab , located in Oxford , Mississippi .
NIDA Marijuana Project director Dr. Mahmoud Elsohly played tour - guide and showed off the USA ’s only legal pot growing facility and research center at the University of Mississippi , and the so - called “ quality ” product they grow for patients and research .
“ This is the only place in the country that actually has the responsibility of producing marijuana for research , he told Fox News .
“ We have very good quality material .
We can produce any quality that is needed for the research program . ”
After looking at the stemmy brown dirtweed he calls the “ finished product ” in the video , his comments seem a little hard to believe .
Read the Fox News article here .
JERUSALEM ( CNN ) -- Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert postponed a Cabinet meeting scheduled for Monday as talks aimed at securing the release of a kidnapped Israeli soldier were extended .
Israelis demonstrate at the prime minister 's home holding flags of Gilad Shalit .
" In light of the negotiations that are currently continuing in Cairo regarding the release of Gilad Shalit , Prime Minister Ehud Olmert decided ... to postpone -- by 24 hours -- the Cabinet meeting , " Olmert 's office said in a statement Sunday night .
The latest round of talks in Cairo had been scheduled to end Sunday night .
The statement cautioned , " It should be emphasized that as of yet , there is no sign that indicates a result in any particular direction in the negotiations . "
But Rafi Eitan , Israel 's minister of pensioner affairs , told Army Radio , " I assume that the outcome of the talks will be positive . "
Palestinian militants , including some linked to Hamas , crossed into Israel from Gaza in June 2006 and kidnapped Shalit .
Talks on a deal to release Palestinian prisoners in exchange for the release of Shalit have been ongoing through Egyptian mediation .
Shalit 's parents and hundreds of supporters last week set up a protest tent outside Olmert 's house in Jerusalem and demanded that he develop a deal to release the soldier .
The Shalits have moved from their home in Israel 's Galilee region to the tent across from Olmert 's home , a step designed to increase pressure on the government to get their son freed .
They have vowed to stay there until Olmert ends his term as prime minister .
Olmert has said that he is committed , in the time that he has left , to try to bring back Shalit .
After Shalit 's capture , Israel launched a military incursion into Gaza to try to rescue him .
All About Israel • Hamas • Gilad Shalit
If 30 years of financial crises teach anything - in Scandinavia , Japan , other parts of Asia and Latin America - the worst is not over for the U.S. economy .
But that may be the good news .
This time , a tightly interdependent world has entered a synchronized contraction .
Pretty much everyone is in trouble , leaving the world without an engine .
" We are in economic terra incognita , " said Joseph Grundfest , a finance professor at Stanford University and co-director of the Rock Center on Corporate Governance .
If the averages of previous crises hold , Americans can expect unemployment to reach 11 or 12 percent , housing prices nationally to drop 36 percent , stocks to lose more than half their value , and real output per capita to plunge 9.3 percent , according to economists Carmen Reinhart of the University of Maryland and Kenneth Rogoff of Harvard University , who have tracked financial crises back to 14th century England .
" Certainly the averages themselves are pretty discouraging , " said Reinhart .
" Because this crisis is as bad as they come . "
Pessimists observe that Japan 's Nikkei stock index peaked around 39,000 in 1989 and two decades later is languishing around 7,500 .
Japan 's real estate market still has not recovered after 17 years .
The Dow Jones index did not rebound from the 1929 U.S. stock market crash until 1954 .
A global calamity
What began as misdiagnosed tremors two years ago in U.S. subprime mortgages have spread in one way or another to every part of the globe : from Iceland and Ireland to the United Kingdom and Germany , from Japan to China and Singapore , Brazil to Mexico , the Middle East to Russia .
The latest is Eastern Europe , on the brink of a meltdown .
Western European banks made euro and Swiss franc loans for homes and cars to people whose incomes are paid in Hungarian forints and Latvian lats .
Many of those currencies have crashed , making the debts unaffordable .
New York University economist Nouriel Roubini , who warned of the crisis early on and is now widely followed , warned Thursday of a long , ugly Japanese - style " stag- deflation : a deadly combination of stagnation , recession and deflation . "
Roubini cited shocking fourth - quarter growth figures in key regions : 3.8 percent annualized decline in the United States , an 8 percent drop in Germany , a 13 percent drop in Japan , and a 20 percent decline in Korea .
Taiwan 's exports have fallen 40 percent , and its gross domestic product has plunged 8.3 percent , the worst since records began in 1952 .
Banks are in denial
" The global economy is now literally in free fall as the contraction of consumption , capital spending , residential investment , production , employment , exports and imports is accelerating rather than decelerating , " Roubini wrote .
" In Europe , we 've discovered banks have even bigger problems than banks here , and yet they 're in denial still , " said UC Berkeley economist Barry Eichengreen .
" Not only do they have half of all subprime losses in Europe , but they 've lent to extremely highly leveraged , risky Eastern European countries that are now falling apart .
In Asia , they 're having declines in industrial production on a scale that has never been seen in the history of the world . "
Any psychologist examining capitalism would quickly diagnose a manic depressive .
Today 's upheavals , coming after a generation of relative calm in the United States , may seem shocking to Americans who have primly observed bank runs in Argentina or scoffed at Japan 's inexplicable reluctance to bury its zombie banks .
But financial crises have been common since the South Sea Bubble of 1720 and have grown more frequent in the last three decades , affecting larger and larger countries .
The problems always begin with asset bubbles that make every investor look smart .
Neighbors envy neighbors getting rich and jump on board , often taking on debt to do so .
Bubbles always burst , ending in tears and handcuffs and leaving everyone poorer .
It is human nature to " forget what happened before , to think that we 've reinvented penicillin , " said Reinhart , whose forthcoming book with Rogoff is called " This Time Is Different : Eight Centuries of Financial Folly . "
People think , " Oh yes , these things have happened , but they happened to somebody else , somewhere else , at another point in time .
They do n't happen to us .
If you look at the mentality in the run-up to the current crisis , that 's exactly what was going on with the real estate market . "
For all the criticisms of Japan 's long delays in cleaning up its insolvent banks after a spectacular real estate and stock market crash in the early 1990s - leading to a " lost decade " of economic stagnation - the United States has followed an eerily similar path .
The government has fumbled for months in costly efforts to fix troubled U.S. banks , many of which are zombies in their own right .
Analysts say the biggest may be insolvent , holding hundreds of billions of dollars in mortgage - related debt of dubious value .
Loan prospects dim
Hobbled by bad debts , the banks cut back lending , which slows the economy , and as the economy slows , bank assets deteriorate further and loan prospects worsen , creating a vicious cycle .
There is wide agreement , based on Japan 's experience , that the banks must be healed before the economy can recover .
Analysts outside the administration are increasingly concluding that the government will have to temporarily nationalize many U.S. banks .
The latest to join the chorus is former Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan , the fallen icon of laissez - faire , who broached the idea last week .
" If you look at Japan , if you look at Sweden , if you look at the S&L crisis in the U.S. , it 's clear what 's going to happen , " said Pete Kyle , who holds a chair in finance at the University of Maryland .
" What 's going to happen is the bad assets are going to be removed from the banks , the government is going to wind up owning the assets and winding them down .
The government will take its losses and , over time , maybe 10 or 15 years , we 'll figure out how much money we 've lost . "
The banks also need new capital , maybe $ 1 trillion to $ 2 trillion more .
" The only issue is how fast it 's going to occur , " Kyle said .
" The slower it occurs , the more likely we are to have a Japan scenario .
The faster it occurs , the quicker we will get a recovery . "
This is the fourth and biggest wave of financial crises of the last quarter century , said Robert Aliber , an international economist at the University of Chicago and contributor to a landmark history of financial panics by the late economist Charles Kindleberger .
First came the Latin American debt crisis of the early 1980s , fed by foreign bank loans .
Next was the bursting of property and stock bubbles in Scandinavia and Japan in the early 1990s , followed by the 1997 Asian financial crisis .
Oil , grain prices plunge
China and others " believed if they had low values on their currencies and large trade surpluses , they would get rich , " Aliber said .
" And of course they have gotten rich . "
But now demand for Japanese autos , Singaporean electronics and Chinese manufactured goods is plummeting .
Likewise , commodity exporters - Russia , Venezuela , Canada , Brazil , Iran - have seen prices plunge for their oil and grains .
" These countries that a year ago had the world by the ( tail ) are finding out that life is very different when commodity prices are one third as high as they were , " Aliber said .
" It 's emasculating Putin 's foreign policy . "
Others such as Iceland and some in Eastern Europe " lived off the carry trade , borrowing cheap foreign money , or at least the money they thought was cheaper than their own , " Aliber said .
Aliber thinks the cycle may soon bottom out .
Crashes , like bubbles , always end .
Rather than a fifth wave , he expects the next excess to be over - regulation and too - cautious lending .
Others are must less optimistic .
Policymakers " are still very much behind the curve , " said UC Davis economist Alan Taylor , who says this crisis has no direct parallels in the past , given its size and interdependence of the global economy .
" That 's making it a little bit difficult to extrapolate from previous cases , except to say it 's probably going to be a lot worse . "
Stimulus and taxes :
One thing in formulas is clear - federal tax breaks will be undercut by state tax hikes , Kathleen Pender writes .
Business , D1
LAHORE , Pakistan ( CNN ) --
His job was to drive the bus .
But Meher Mohammad Khalil is now being hailed as a lifesaver .
On Wednesday Meher Mohammad Khalil went back to the place where gunmen attacked his bus .
When gunmen jumped out of bushes and began spraying bullets at the bus carrying the Sri Lankan cricket team Tuesday , Khalil quickly sized up his options and got everyone to safety .
" First I thought there were some firecrackers going off .
Then , when I saw the elite force cars in front of me taking fire , I immediately lost my voice , " Khalil told CNN on Wednesday .
" At that time , the other elite car that was with us gave me cover , and then , when I saw he was giving me cover , my courage and my patience returned .
Watch CNN 's interview with Khalil »
" I decided to take the vehicle from there , and one way or another , even if I had to drive over someone , I would take this bus and escape . "
Watch the gunmen attack »
Khalil returned to the scene of the attack in the Pakistani city of Lahore on Wednesday to honor those who were killed and to place flowers in their memory .
One of the dead was Zafar Khan , a friend and fellow bus driver who had been in a vehicle behind Khalil .
" My eyes filled with tears that these were people that I was eating with and who died in doing their duty . "
Khalil had been part of a convoy heading to Gaddafi Stadium , where the Sri Lankan cricket team was to continue a match against Pakistan .
Six police officers were killed , in addition to Khalil 's friend Khan who was driving a bus with the match umpires .
See where the attack happened »
The Sri Lankan cricketers praised Khalil 's quick thinking and action , saying he saved their lives .
Six team members were injured by broken glass and shrapnel .
Team captain Mahela Jayawardene wrote on his Web site of Khalil : " He probably saved our lives , showing remarkable bravery in the face of direct gunfire to keep the bus moving . "
Crowds mobbed Khalil as he paid his respects at the place where his life changed in an instant .
" He is a hero , a real hero , a real man of the people , " a man in the crowd said .
Private donors in Lahore have rewarded Khalil with 300,000 rupees ( more than $ 3,000 ) -- a small fortune for a Pakistani bus driver .
Today , Khalil says all he can feel is pain of the loss of life .
And he called on the attackers to recognize that their victims are humans just like them , with mothers and sisters .
" For God 's sake , please stop this terrorism and let this nation breathe a sigh of relief , " he said .
CNN 's Zein Basravi contributed to this report .
All About Pakistan • Terrorism • Sri Lanka
ASPARTAME - THE SHOCKING STORY OF THE WORLD'S BESTSELLING SWEETENER THE ECOLOGIST
By Pat Thomas
Posted : 26 September 2005
THE ECOLOGIST
SEPTEMBER 2005 ; pages 35 - 51
Cover Story , pages 35 - 46
ASPARTAME - The Shocking Story of the World 's Bestselling Sweetener
Aspartame is the most controversial food additive in history .
The most recent evidence , linking it to leukaemia and lymphoma , has added substantial fuel to the ongoing protests of doctors , scientists and consumer groups who allege that this artificial sweetener should never have been released onto the market and that allowing it to remain in the food chain is killing us by degrees .
PAT THOMAS REPORTS
Once upon a time , aspartame was listed by the Pentagon as a biochemical warfare agent .
Today it 's an integral part of the modern diet .
Sold commercially under names like NutraSweet and Canderel , aspartame can be found in more than 5,000 foods , including fizzy drinks , chewing gum , table - top sweeteners , diet and diabetic foods , breakfast cereals , jams , sweets , vitamins , prescription and over - the - counter drugs .
This means that there is a good chance that you and your family are among the two thirds of the adult population and 40 per cent of children who regularly ingest this artificial sweetener .
Because it contains no calories , aspartame is considered a boon to health - conscious individuals everywhere ; and most of us , if we think about it at all , think it is safe .
But independent scientists say aspartame can produce a range of disturbing adverse effects in humans , including headaches , memory loss , mood swings , seizures , multiple sclerosis and Parkinson 's - like symptoms , tumours and even death .
Concerns over aspartame 's toxicity meant that for eight years , the US Food and Drug
Administration ( FDA ) denied it approval , effectively keeping it off the world market .
This caution was based on compelling evidence , brought to light by numerous eminent scientists , litigators and consumer groups , that aspartame contributed to serious central nervous system damage and had been shown to cause cancer in animals .
Eventually , however , political muscle , won out over scientific rigour , and aspartame was approved for use in 1981 ( see timeline for details ) .
The FDA 's about - turn opened the floodgates for aspartame 's swift approval by more than 70 regulatory authorities around the world .
But , as the remarkable history of the sweetener shows , the clean bill of health given to it by government regulators - whose raison d'être should be to protect the public from harm - is simply not worth the paper it is printed on .
DECEMBER 1965
While working on an ulcer drug , a chemist at pharmaceutical manufacturer GD Searle accidentally discovers aspartame , a substance that is 180 times sweeter than sugar , yet has no calories .
SPRING 1967
Searle begins safety tests , necessary for FDA approval .
AUTUMN 1967
GD Searle approaches eminent biochemist Dr Harry Waisman , director of the University of Wisconsin 's Joseph P Kennedy Jr Memorial Laboratory of Mental Retardation Research and a respected expert in the toxicity of phenylalanine ( which comprises 50 per cent of the aspartame formula ) , to conduct a study of the effects of aspartame on primates .
Of seven monkeys fed aspartame mixed with milk , one dies and five others have grand mal epileptic seizures .
SPRING 1971
Dr John Olney , professor of neuropathology and psychiatry at Washington University in St Louis School of Medicine , whose research into the neurotoxic food additive monosodium glutamate ( MSG , a chemical cousin of aspartame ) was responsible for having it removed from baby foods , informs Searle that his studies show that aspartic acid , one of the main constituents of aspartame , causes holes in the brains of infant mice .
One of Searle 's researchers , Ann Reynolds , confirms Olney 's findings in a similar study .
FEBRUARY 1973
Searle applies for FDA approval and submits over 100 studies it claims support aspartame 's safety .
Neither the dead monkeys nor the mice with holes in their brains are included in the submission .
12 SEPTEMBER 1973
In a memorandum , Dr Martha M Freeman of the FDA Division of Metabolic and Endocrine Drug Products criticises the inadequacy of the information submitted by Searle with particular regard to one of the compound 's toxic breakdown products , diketopiperazine ( DKP ) .
She recommends that marketing of aspartame be contingent upon the sweetener 's proven clinical safety .
26 JULY 1974
FDA commissioner Dr Alexander Schmidt grants aspartame its first approval as a ' food additive ' for restricted use in dry foods .
This approval comes despite the fact that his own scientists found serious deficiencies in the data submitted by Searle .
AUGUST 1974
Before aspartame can reach the marketplace , Dr John Olney , James Turner ( attorney , consumer advocate and former ' Nader 's Raider ' who was instrumental in removing the artificial sweetener cyclamate from the US market ) , and the group Label Inc ( Legal Action for Buyers ' Education and Labeling ) file a formal objection to aspartame 's approval with the FDA , citing evidence that it could cause brain damage , particularly in children .
JULY 1975
Concerns about the accuracy of test data submitted to the FDA by Searle for a wide range of products prompt Schmidt to appoint a special task force to examine irregularities in 25 key studies for aspartame and Searle drugs Flagyl , Aldactone and Norpace .
5 DECEMBER 1975
Searle agrees to an inquiry into aspartame safety concerns .
Searle withdraws aspartame from the market pending its results .
The sweetener remains off the market for nearly 10 years while investigations into its safety and into Searle 's alleged fraudulent testing procedures are ongoing .
However , the inquiry board does not convene for another four years .
24 MARCH 1976
The FDA task force completes its 500 page report on Searle 's testing procedures .
The final report notes faulty and fraudulent product testing , knowingly misrepresented product testing , knowingly misrepresented and ' manipulated ' test data , and instances of irrelevant animal research in all the products reviewed .
Schmidt says : ' [ Searle 's studies were ] incredibly sloppy science .
What we discovered was reprehensible .'
JULY 1976
The FDA forms a new task force , headed by veteran inspector Jerome Bressler , to further investigate irregularities in Searle 's aspartame studies uncovered by the original task force .
The findings of the new body will eventually be incorporated into a document known as the Bressler Report .
10 JANUARY 1977
FDA chief counsel Richard Merrill formally requests the US Attorney 's office to begin grand jury proceedings to investigate whether indictments should be filed against Searle for knowingly misrepresenting findings and ' concealing material facts and making false statements ' in aspartame safety tests .
This is the first time in the FDA 's history that it requests a criminal investigation of a manufacturer .
26 JANUARY 1977
While the grand jury investigation is underway , Sidley & Austin , the law firm representing Searle , begins recruitment negotiations with Samuel Skinner , the US attorney in charge of the investigation .
Skinner removes himself form the investigation and the case is passed to William Conlon .
8 MARCH 1977
Searle hires prominent Washington insider Donald Rumsfeld as its new CEO to try to turn the beleaguered company around .
A former member of Congress and defence secretary in the Ford administration , Rumsfeld brings several of his Washington colleagues in as top management .
1 JULY 1977
Samuel Skinner leaves the US Attorney 's office and takes a job with Searle 's law firm .
Conlon takes over Skinner 's old job .
1 AUGUST 1977
The Bressler Report is released .
It focuses on three key aspartame studies conducted by Searle .
The report finds that in one study 98 of the 196 animals died but were n't autopsied until later dates , making it impossible to ascertain the actual cause of death .
Tumours were removed from live animals and the animals placed back in the study .
Many other errors and inconsistencies are noted .
For example , a rat was reported alive , then dead , then alive , then dead again .
Bressler comments : ' The question you have got to ask yourself is : why was n't greater care taken ?
Why did n't Searle , with their scientists , closely evaluate this , knowing full well that the whole society , from the youngest to the elderly , from the sick to the unsick .
will have access to this product . '
The FDA creates yet another task force to review the Bressler Report .
The review is carried out by a team at the FDA 's Center for Food Safety and Applied Nutrition and headed by senior scientist Jacqueline Verrett .
28 SEPTEMBER 1977
The FDA publishes a report exonerating Searle of any wrongdoing in its testing procedures .
Jacqueline Verrett will later testify to the US Senate that her team was pressured into validating data from experiments that were clearly a ' disaster ' .
8 DECEMBER 1977
Despite complaints from the Justice Department , Conlon stalls the grand jury prosecution for so long that the statute of limitations on the aspartame charges runs out and the investigation is dropped .
Just over a year later Conlon joins Searle 's law firm , Sidley & Austin .
1978
The journal Medical World News reports that the methanol content of aspartame is 1,000 times greater than most foods under FDA control .
In high concentrations methanol , or wood alcohol , is a lethal poison .
1 JUNE 1979
The FDA finally establishes a public board of inquiry ( PBOI ) , comprising three scientists whose job it is to review the objections of Olney and Turner to the approval of aspartame and rule on safety issues surrounding the sweetener .
1979
In spite of the uncertainties over aspartame 's safety in the US , aspartame becomes available , primarily in pharmaceutical products , in France .
It is sold under the brand name Canderel and manufactured by the food corporation Merisant .
30 SEPTEMBER 1980
The FDA 's PBOI votes unanimously against aspartame 's approval , pending further investigations of brain tumours in animals .
The board says it 'has not been presented with proof of reasonable certainty that aspartame is safe for use as a food additive ' .
1980
Canderel is now marketed throughout much of Europe ( but not in the UK ) as a low - calorie sweetener .
JANUARY 1981
Rumsfeld states in a Searle sales meeting that he is going to make a big push to get aspartame approved within the year .
Rumsfeld vows to ' call in his markers ' and use political rather than scientific means to get the FDA on side .
20 JANUARY 1981
Ronald Reagan is sworn in as president of the US .
Reagan 's transition team , which includes Rumsfeld , nominates Dr Arthur Hull Hayes Jr to be the new FDA commissioner .
21 JANUARY 1981
One day after Reagan 's inauguration , Searle re-applies to the FDA for approval to use aspartame as a food sweetener .
MARCH 1981
An FDA commissioner 's panel is established to review issues raised by the PBOI .
19 MAY 1981
Arthur Hull Hayes
Jr , appoints a five - person commission to review the PBOI 's decision .
Three of the five FDA scientists on it advise against approval of aspartame , stating on the record that Searle 's tests are unreliable and not adequate to determine the safety of aspartame .
Hayes installs a sixth member on the commission , and the vote becomes deadlocked .
15 JULY 1981
Hayes ignores the recommendations of his own internal FDA team , overrules the PBOI findings and gives initial approval for aspartame to be used in dry products on the basis that it has been shown to be safe for its proposed uses .
22 OCTOBER 1981
The FDA approves aspartame as a tabletop sweetener and for use in tablets , breakfast cereals , chewing gum , dry bases for beverages , instant coffee and tea , gelatines , puddings , fillings , dairy - product toppings and as a flavour enhancer for chewing gum .
1982
The aspartame - based sweetener Equal , manufactured by Merisant , is launched in the US .
15 OCTOBER 1982
The FDA announces that Searle has filed a petition for aspartame to be approved as a sweetener in carbonated beverages , children 's vitamins and other liquids .
1983
Searle attorney Robert Shapiro gives aspartame its commercial name , NutraSweet .
The name is trademarked the following year .
Shapiro later becomes president of Searle .
He eventually becomes president and then chairman and CEO of Monsanto , which will buy Searle in 1985 .
8 JULY 1983
Aspartame is approved for use in carbonated beverages and syrup bases in the US and , three months later , Britain .
Before the end of the year Canderel tablets are launched in the UK .
Granular Canderel follows in 1985 .
8 AUGUST 1983
James Turner , on behalf of himself and the Community Nutrition Institute , and Dr Woodrow Monte , Arizona State University 's director of food science and nutritional laboratories , file petitions with the FDA objecting to aspartame approval based on possible seriousadverse effects from the chronic intake of the sweetener .
Monte also cites concern about the chronic intake of methanol associated with aspartame ingestion .
SEPTEMBER 1983
Hayes resigns as FDA commissioner under a cloud of controversy about his taking unauthorised rides aboard a General Foods jet ( General Foods was and is a major purchaser of aspartame ) .
He serves briefly as provost at New York Medical College , and then takes a position as senior scientific consultant with Burston - Marsteller , the chief public relations firm for both Searle and Monsanto .
AUTUMN 1983
The first carbonated beverages containing aspartame go on sale in the US .
17 FEBRUARY 1984
The FDA denies Turner and Monte 's requests for a hearing , noting that aspartame 's critics had not presented any unresolved safety questions .
Regarding aspartame 's breakdown components , the FDA says that it has reviewed animal , clinical and consumption studies submitted by the sweetener 's manufacturer , as well as the existing body of scientific data , and concludes that ' the studies demonstrated the safety of these components ' .
MARCH 1984
Public complaints about the adverse effects of aspartame begin to come in .
The FDA requests that the US agency the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) begins investigations of a select number of cases of adverse reactions to aspartame .
30 MAY 1984
The FDA approves aspartame for use in multivitamins .
JULY 1984
A study by the state of Arizona Department of Health into aspartame is published in the Journal of Applied Nutrition .
It determines that soft drinks stored at elevated temperatures promote more rapid deterioration of aspartame into poisonous methanol .
2 NOVEMBER 1984
The CDC review of public complaints relating to aspartame culminates in a report , Evaluation of Consumer Complaints Related to Aspartame Use , which reviews 213 of 592 cases and notes that re-challenge tests show that sensitive individuals consistently produce the same adverse symptoms each time they ingested aspartame .
The reported symptoms include : aggressive behaviour , disorientation , hyperactivity , extreme numbness , excitability , memory loss , loss of depth perception , liver impairment , cardiac arrest , seizures , suicidal tendencies and severe mood swings .
The CDC nevertheless concludes that aspartame is safe to ingest .
On the same day that the CDC exonerates aspartame , Pepsi announces that it is dropping saccharin and adopting aspartame as the sweetener in all its diet drinks .
Others quickly follow suit .
1 OCTOBER 1985
Monsanto , the producer of recombinant bovine growth hormone , genetically engineered soya beans , the pesticide Roundup and many other industrial and agricultural chemicals , purchases Searle for $ 2.7 billion .
21 APRIL 1986
The US Supreme Court , headed by Justice Clarence Thomas , a former Monsanto attorney , refuses to consider arguments from the Community Nutrition Institute and other consumer groups that the FDA has not followed proper procedures in approving aspartame , and that the liquid form of the artificial sweetener may cause brain damage in heavy users of low - calorie soft drinks .
16 OCTOBER 1986
Turner files another citizen 's petition , this time concerning the risk of seizures and eye damage from aspartame .
The petition argues that medical records of 140 aspartame users show them to have suffered from epileptic seizures and eye damage after consuming products containing the sweetener and that the FDA should ban aspartame as an ' imminent hazard to the public health ' .
21 NOVEMBER 1986
The FDA denies Turner 's new petition , saying : ' The data and information supporting the safety of aspartame are extensive .
It is likely that no food product has ever been so closely examined for safety .
Moreover , the decisions of the agency to approve aspartame for its uses have been given the fullest airing that the legal process requires . '
28 NOVEMBER 1986
The FDA approves aspartame for non-carbonated frozen or refrigerated concentrates and single - strength fruit juice , fruit drinks , fruit - flavoured drinks , imitation fruit - flavoured drinks , frozen stock - type confections and novelties , breath mints and tea beverages .
DECEMBER 1986
The FDA declares aspartame safe for use as an inactive ingredient , provided labelling meets certain specifications .
1987
An FDA report on adverse reactions associated with aspartame states the majority of the complaints about aspartame - now numbering 3,133 - refer to neurological effects .
2 JANUARY 1987
NutraSweet 's aspartame patent runs out in Europe , Canada and Japan .
More companies are now free to produce aspartame sweeteners in these countries .
12 OCTOBER 1987
United Press International , a leading global news - syndication organisation , reports that more than 10 federal officials involved in the decision to approve aspartame have now taken jobs in the private sector that are linked to the aspartame industry .
3 NOVEMBER 1987
A US Senate hearing is held to address the issue of aspartame safety and labelling .
The hearing reviews the faulty testing procedures and the ' psychological strategy ' used by Searle to help ensure aspartame 's approval .
Other information that comes to light includes the fact that aspartame was once on a Pentagon list of prospective biochemical - warfare weapons .
Numerous medical and scientific experts testify as to the toxicity of aspartame .
Among them is Dr Verrett , who reveals that , while compiling its 1977 report , her team was instructed not to comment on or be concerned with the overall validity of the studies .
She states that questions about birth defects have not been answered .
She also states that increasing the temperature of the product leads to an increase in production of DKP , a substance shown to increase uterine polyps and change blood cholesterol levels .
Verrett comments :
' It was pretty obvious that somewhere along the line , the bureau officials were working up to a whitewash . '
1989
The FDA has received more than 4,000 complaints from consumers about adverse reactions to the sweetener .
14 OCTOBER 1989
Dr HJ Roberts , director of the Palm Beach Institute for Medical Research , claims that several recent aircraft accidents involving confusion and aberrant pilot behaviour were caused by ingestion of products containing aspartame .
20 JULY 1990
The Guardian publishes a major investigation of aspartame and delivers to government officials ' a dossier of evidence ' that draws heavily on the transcripts of the Bressler Report and demands that the government review the safety of aspartame .
No review is undertaken .
The Guardian is taken to court by Monsanto and forced to apologise for printing its story .
1991
The US National Institutes of Health publishes Adverse Effects of Aspartame : January ' 86 through December ' 90 , a bibliography of 167 studies documenting adverse effects associated with aspartame .
1992
NutraSweet signs agreements with Coca - Cola and Pepsi stipulating that it is their preferred supplier of aspartame .
30 JANUARY 1992
The FDA approves aspartame for use in malt beverages , breakfast cereals , and refrigerated puddings and fillings and in bulk form ( in large packages like sugar ) for tabletop use .
NutraSweet markets these bulk products under the name ' NutraSweet Spoonful ' .
14 DECEMBER 1992
NutraSweet 's US patent for aspartame expires , opening up the market for other companies to produce the substance .
19 APRIL 1993
The FDA approves aspartame for use in hard and soft candies , non-alcoholic flavoured beverages , tea beverages , fruit juices and concentrates , baked goods and baking mixes , and frostings , toppings and fillings for baked goods .
28 FEBRUARY 1994
Aspartame now accounts for the majority ( 75 per cent ) of all the complaints in the US adverse - reaction monitoring system .
The US Department of Health and Human Services compiles a report that brings together all current information on adverse reactions attributed to aspartame .
It lists 6,888 complaints , including 649 reported by the CDC and 1,305 reported by the FDA .
APRIL 1995
Consumer activist , and founder of anti-aspartame group Mission Possible , Betty Martini uses the US 's Freedom of Information
Act to force the FDA to release an official list of adverse effects associated with aspartame ingestion .
Culled from 10,000 consumer complaints , the list includes four deaths and more than 90 unique symptoms , a majority of which are connected to impaired neurological function .
They include : headache ; dizziness or problems with balance ; mood change ; vomiting and nausea ; seizures and convulsions ; memory loss ; tremors ; muscle weakness ; abdominal pains and cramps ; change in vision ; diarrhoea ; fatigue and weakness ; skin rashes ; deteriorating vision ; joint and musculoskeletal pain .
By the FDA 's own admission , fewer then 1 per cent of those who have problems with something they consume ever report it to the FDA .
This means that around 1 million people could have been experiencing adverse effects from ingesting aspartame .
12 JUNE 1995
The FDA announces it has no further plans to continue to collect adverse reaction reports or monitor research on aspartame .
27 JUNE 1996
The FDA removes all restrictions from aspartame use , and approves it as a general - purpose sweetener ' , meaning that aspartame can now be used in any food or beverage .
NOVEMBER 1996
Drawing on data compiled by the US National Cancer Institute 's Surveillance , Epidemiology and End Results programme , which collects and distributes data on all types of cancer , Olney publishes peer - reviewed research in the Journal of Neuropathology and Experimental Neurology .
It shows that brain - tumour rates have risen in line with aspartame consumption and that there has been a significant increase in the conversion of less deadly tumours into much more deadly ones .
DECEMBER 1996
The results of a remarkable study conducted by Dr Ralph G Walton , professor of clinical psychology at Northeastern Ohio Universities , are revealed .
Commissioned by the hard - hitting US national news programme 60 Minutes , it sheds some light on the absurdity of aspartame - safety studies .
Walton reviewed 165 separate studies published in the preceding 20 years in peer - reviewed medical journals .
Seventy - four of the studies were industry - funded , all of which attested to aspartame 's safety .
Of the other 91 non-industry funded studies , 84 identified adverse health effects .
Six of the seven non-industry funded studies that were favourable to aspartame were from the FDA , which has a public record of strong pro-industry bias .
To this day , the industry - funded studies are the ones that are always quoted to the press and in official rebuttals to aspartame critics .
They are also the studies given the greatest weight during the approval process and in official safety reviews .
10 FEBRUARY 1998
Monsanto petitions the FDA for approval of a new tabletop sweetener called Neotame .
It is around 60 times sweeter than aspartame and up to 13,000 times sweeter than sugar .
Neotame is less prone to breaking down in heat and in liquids than aspartame because of the addition of 3,3 - dimethylbutyl , a poorly studied chemical with suspected neurotoxic effects .
Strengthening the bond between aspartame 's main constituents eliminates the need for a health warning directed at people suffering from PKU .
13 MAY 1998
Independent scientists from the University of Barcelona publish a landmark study clearly showing that aspartame is transformed into formaldehyde in the bodies of living specimens ( in this case rats ) , and that this formaldehyde spreads throughout the specimens ' vital organs , including the liver , kidneys , eyes and brain .
The results fly in the face of manufacturers ' claims that aspartame does not break down into formaldehyde in the body , and bolster the claims of aspartame critics that many of the symptoms associated with aspartame toxicity are caused by the poisonous and cumulative effects of formaldehyde .
OCTOBER 1998
The UK's Food Commission publishes two surveys on sweeteners .
The first shows that several leading companies , including St Ivel , Müller and Sainsbury 's , have ignored the legal requirement to state ' with sweeteners ' next to the name of the product .
The second reveals that aspartame not only appears in ' no - sugar added ' and ' light ' beverages but also in ordinary non-dietetic drinks because it's three times cheaper than ordinary sugar .
8 FEBRUARY 1999
Monsanto files a petition with the FDA for approval of the general use of Neotame .
20 JUNE 1999
An investigation by The Independent on Sunday reveals that aspartame is made using a genetic engineering process .
Aspartame component phenylalanine is naturally produced by bacteria .
The newspaper reveals that Monsanto has genetically engineered the bacteria to make them produce more phenylalanine .
Monsanto claims that the process had not been revealed previously because no modified DNA remains in the finished product , and insists that the product is completely safe ; though scientists counter that toxic effects cannot be ruled out in the absence of long - term studies .
A Monsanto spokeswoman says that while aspartame for the US market is often made using genetic engineering , aspartame supplied to British food producers is not .
The extent to which US brands of low - calorie products containing genetically engineered aspartame have been imported into Britain is unclear .
MAY 2000
Monsanto , under pressure - not least from the worldwide resistance to genetically manipulated food and ongoing lawsuits - sells NutraSweet to JW Childs Associates , a private - equity firm comprised of several former Monsanto managers , for $ 440 m .
Monsanto also sells its equity interest in two European sweetener joint ventures , NutraSweet AG and Euro - Aspartame SA .
10 DECEMBER 2001
The UK's Food Standards Agency requests that the European Commission Scientific Committee on Food conducts an updated review of aspartame .
The committee is asked to look carefully at more than 500 scientific papers published between 1988 and 2000 and any other new scientific research not examined previously .
9 JULY 2002
The FDA approves the tabletop and general use of Neotame .
The ' fast - track ' approval raises eyebrows because , historically , the FDA takes at least 10 years to approve food additives .
Neotame is also approved for use in Australia and New Zealand , but has yet to be approved in the UK .
10 DECEMBER 2002
The European Commission Scientific Committee on Food publishes its final report on aspartame .
The 24 - page report largely ignores independent research and consumer complaints , relying instead on frequently cited articles in books and reviews put together by employees or consultants of aspartame manufacturers .
When independent research is cited , it is generally refuted with industry - sponsored data .
An animal study showing aspartame 's disruption of brain chemistry , a human study linking aspartame to neurophysiological changes that could increase seizure risk , another linking aspartame use with depression in individuals susceptible to mood disorder , and two others linking aspartame ingestion with headaches are all dismissed .
The report 's conclusion amounts to a single sentence : ' The committee concluded that .
there is no evidence to suggest that there is a need to revise the outcome of the earlier risk assessment or the [ acceptance daily intake ] previously established for aspartame . '
As with the FDA , there are concerns about the neutrality of some of the committee 's members and their links with the International Life Sciences Institute ( ILSI ) , an industry group that funds , among other things , research into aspartame .
ILSI members include Monsanto , Coca - Cola and Pepsi .
19 FEBRUARY 2003
Members of the European Parliament 's Environment , Public Health and Consumer Policy Committee approve the use of sucralose ( see page 50 ) and an aspartame - acesulfame salt compound ( manufactured in Europe by the aspartame - producing Holland Sweetener Company and sold under the name Twinsweet ) , agreeing to review of the use of both in three years ' time .
At the same time , a request by European greens that the committee re-evaluate the safety of aspartame and improve the labelling of aspartame - containing products is rejected .
MAY 2004
The feature - length documentary Sweet Misery is released on DVD ( see http://www.soundandfuryproductions.com).
Part - documentary , part - detective story , it includes interviews with people who have been harmed by aspartame , as well as credible testimony from advocates , doctors , lawyers and long - time campaigners , including James Turner , HJ Roberts and renowned neurosurgeon Dr Russell Blaylock .
( UK orders : Namaste Publishing , info@namastepublishing.co.uk . )
SEPTEMBER 2004
US consumer group the National Justice League files a $ 350 m class action lawsuit against the NutraSweet Corporation ( the current owner of aspartame products ) , the American Diabetes Association and Monsanto .
Some 50 other defendants have yet to be named , but mentioned throughout the lawsuit is the central role of Donald Rumsfeld in helping to get aspartame approved through the FDA .
The plaintiffs maintain that this litigation will prove how deadly aspartame is when it is consumed by humans .
Little progress has been made so far in bringing the action to court .
Hey , CNN : You 've got a long sit - down with Dick Cheney .
Would you like to maybe ask him about the newly - revealed assassination squads that reported directly to him , bypassing all military commanders ?
The New Yorker 's Seymour Hersh just spilled the beans on the roving killer team in Minnesota , leaving everyone terrified , as the investigative reporter tends to do , since he 's constantly revealing , accurately , various secret horrors .
The special " executive assassination ring " would go around the world , silently killing people for Cheney , without checking in with the local CIA goons , much less generals or ambassadors or whatever .
The remnants of the program were killed off ( ha ! ) last month when it became clear how many women and children had been offed by these guys .
In his lengthy interview with Cheney , King did n't see fit to bring the assassins up because he was too busy asking if Barack Obama " put the country more in danger " by being a huge , anti-torture pussy ; if Obama was " overreaching his mandate " by spending money on health care and if Obama is " trying to brazenly deceive the American people ? "
When will the president apologize for preventing Dick Cheney from being asked questions on his favorite topics ; endless torture , death and war ?
House Majority Leader Steny H. Hoyer ( D - Md. ) is pushing Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif. ) to take a harder line with the Senate after a trio of Republican senators forced Congress to trim billions from the $ 787 billion economic stimulus package .
| John Shinkle / POLITICO
Hoyer to Pelosi : Stand up to Senate
House Majority Leader Steny H. Hoyer ( D - Md. ) is pushing Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif. ) to take a harder line with the Senate after a trio of Republican senators forced Congress to trim billions from the $ 787 billion economic stimulus package .
It ’s not clear how far Pelosi is willing to go in standing up to the Senate — or , realistically , what effect Hoyer and Pelosi combined could have in the face of the 60 - vote hurdle Senate Democrats face .
Advertisement
But after last week ’s stimulus votes , Hoyer called on Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) to force Senate Republicans to mount actual filibusters if they want to stand in the way of bills “ so that the American people can see who ’s undermining action . ”
And in a private conversation with Pelosi , aides say Hoyer reminded the speaker that they ’d talked previously about tolerating Senate strong - arming on the stimulus and on children ’s health insurance — two Democratic priorities — but then holding their own on future legislation .
Pelosi expressed some agreement , aides said , and she has asked her staff to perform an after - action report about negotiations over the massive package of spending and tax cuts .
But at the same time , Pelosi has voiced public sympathy for the plight Reid faces in the Senate ; with just 58 members caucusing with the Democrats — 59 if Al Franken prevails in Minnesota — Reid is always going to need some Republican support to overcome GOP filibuster threats .
“ This is the legislative process , ” Pelosi told MSNBC last week .
“ We act .
They act .
We reconcile .
And in order to get their votes , they had to make certain changes in the legislation . ”
“ The speaker and Mr. Hoyer know that Sen .
Reid shares their beliefs and is doing all he can , ” a Democratic aide said .
“ It is hard not to achieve all [ that Pelosi and Hoyer ] wanted , and everyone is frustrated by the 60 - vote requirement .
But they are realists , and they each know we will never get anywhere without 60 votes . ”
In making his case with Pelosi , Hoyer is echoing the complaints he ’s heard from rank - and - file Democrats steamed that Republican Sens.
Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania and Olympia Snowe and Susan Collins of Maine were able to trump their desires on the stimulus .
Some of those rank - and - file members believe that Reid and other Senate leaders are n’t doing enough to push back against the Senate Republicans — and that , in fact , they ’re using the threat of Republican filibusters as a way to increase their own power in negotiations with the House .
“ It gives them clout to push around the House and the president , ” said a frustrated Rep. Peter DeFazio ( D - Ore. ) , one of seven Democrats to oppose the stimulus package .
Democrats in the House are also concerned that a knee - jerk deference to the Senate will force them to continuously water down legislation to make life easier for Reid , who is up for reelection next year .
Democrats complained repeatedly about this dynamic as negotiators finalized the stimulus package last week , stripping billions for state aid and school construction at the request of Specter , Snowe and Collins .
One House Democrat , speaking on the condition of anonymity , said colleagues are “ furious ” about those changes .
“ Think about the precedent this sets : You have Specter , Snowe and Collins dictating terms to 250 [ House Democrats ] , ” the lawmaker said .
“ We ca n’t let it happen again .
We have to stop it now . ”
“ I ’m all for bipartisanship , but I do n’t consider three Republican senators bipartisan , ” said Missouri Rep. Emanuel Cleaver II , who oversees economic recovery issues for the Congressional Black Caucus .
“ Let ’s not deny who we are legislatively for three senators . ”
But Pelosi knows that that ’s easier said than done .
The speaker was upset that Reid announced a deal with the moderate Republicans before the details were finalized .
But she has also relented to the realities facing her Senate counterpart .
Democrats in the House allowed the Senate to strip language from the children ’s health care bill that would have banned any new construction of specialty hospitals — the smaller , physician - owned facilities that typically cater to a more upscale clientele than do the larger community hospitals .
To pay for the bill , they also swallowed a much larger tax increase on individual cigar sales .
On the stimulus , the Senate stripped $ 40 billion in state aid and nearly $ 20 billion in school construction funds to make room for a $ 69 billion provision shielding most middle - income and upper - income households from the alternative minimum tax this year , an annual exercise that always creates heartburn for fiscally conservative Democrats in the House .
Negotiators eventually reinstated some of that money in a $ 53.6 billion stabilization fund for states and local governments after the CBC and other caucuses joined forces to push for those funds .
Democratic aides in the House suggest this was an important exercise for the different factions in their party to coordinate their demands and negotiate collectively , strengthening their leverage with the Senate .
House Democrats acknowledge the challenges Reid faces , both in Washington and back home in Nevada .
The majority leader needs legislative achievements to bolster his approval ratings with Nevada voters .
But they ’re also worried about the price to be paid with their base if they ’re seen as “ coddling ” Reid .
The Senate majority leader needs 60 votes to proceed with debate on any bill , but Hoyer and other Democrats in the House would like to see him call the Republicans ’ bluff on a filibuster threat by forcing them to embark on an open - ended debate to oppose priority legislation .
One top Democratic aide predicted that big issues on the president ’s wish list — such as expanded health care coverage and an overhaul of the country ’s energy and climate policy — would attract “ shifting coalitions ” of Senate Republicans , making it harder for the minority to oppose these bills en masse during future debates .
“ There are a lot of variables out there , ” the aide said .
“ It will be situation by situation , bill by bill . ”
Image : I had sex here ! by orangeacid
That ’s the challenge Fairfax dating blogger Samantha Brett put to her readers yesterday .
Inspired by Julia Allison ’s recent commentary on the topic in Time Out New York , Brett wondered :
What if , like a month of no alcohol , women decided there ’d be a month of no casual sex ( or any sex for that matter ) , and hence would give any dude who came her way a full 30 days to prove to her he just was n’t in it for the horizontal hanky panky .
Now would n’t that be a challenge .
Well no , I ca n’t say it would , particularly - for me or for virtually anyone I know .
As several of Sam ’s readers quickly responded , most people live like that pretty much every month .
A lot has been written about the younger generation ’s predilection towards “ hooking up ” and casual sex - so much so that I have made it the subject of my PhD .
To some extent , this is just a continuation of the moral panic around youth that has been going on since Plato ’s time , but there ’s also some truth to it .
On the whole , we are more accepting of - and more likely to partake in - commitment - free sex than those who came before us .
And while ( as anyone who ’s followed the NonSociety discussions has seen ) there are still people who judge “ women who put out to soon ” , we ’ve also all heard stories of people who had sex on the first date and lived happily ever after .
Or who , you know , just wanted to get laid and were cool with that .
But higher levels of social acceptance does n’t mean that everyone ’s doing it , nor does it mean that everyone ’s doing it all the time .
The Online College Social Life survey found that the average American college student participated in seven hook - ups in their four years at university ; 40 per cent of these will end in intercourse .
Sociologist Kathleen Bogle ’s research suggests that hook - up rates decline after college as young people return to the dating script .
While dating is n’t as big a part of social life in Australia as it is in the US ( and the Australian university scene is very different to the US one - most students commute to campus several days a week instead of living there , for one , nor do we have the Greek system ) , anecdotal evidence suggests a similar pattern exists here .
That ’s not to say that there are n’t people who bed a different person every week , but these people are outliers on the distribution curve .
( No moral judgment from me , just saying it ’s not that common . )
For a lot of young people , a month without sex - particularly a month without sex when you do n’t have a steady partner , be that a boyfriend / girlfriend , regular fuck buddy or otherwise - is n’t really anything out of the ordinary .
Nor is it a cause for “ OMG crisis , however will I manage that ? ”
Sex may filter into everything we do ( whether you look at it from an “ evolutionary imperative ” perspective , or simply the way we as a society have managed to apply it to pretty much everything ) , but it is n’t “ everything ” .
Most of us have desires , but it ’s a mistake to claim that we ’re so beholden to these desires that we ’re not capable of making a conscious choice as to whether we want to act on them .
Maybe I ’m wrong .
Maybe you think Sam ’s challenge really would be a stretch for you ( and you ’re not just bragging to sound like a cool , glamorous person who picks up whenever they want to ) .
If so , I want to hear about it .
Reblog / comments , please .
— blogs.smh.com.au
[ Torture ] dehumanizes people by treating them as pawns to be manipulated through their pain .
Kenneth Roth , Getting Away with Torture , Global Governance , 2005
[ social_buttons ]
I ’ve been spending a lot of time these days working with clients interested in establishing a presence in social media .
If you ’re not considering doing that for your business , you might heed the words of Wayne Kurtzman from Media Bullseye .
Companies who miss the importance of the social media ship may actually risk the same fate as companies who thought the Internet was a fad .
That sounds extreme , but over half the nation is already on a social network .
They upload photos and videos or share shopping reviews .
Customers are changing how they want companies to interact with them .
The more that happens , the more companies will be left in the dust .
Since many if not most companies only have a hazy idea of how social media works and why in the world they should jump into the fray , some are slow to take the plunge .
This is perhaps less true of new and old media companies .
You can find Ecopreneurist and Green Options on Twitter , along with the New York Times , CNN and The BBC .
Besides
Twitter , there are of course a whole host of ways to reach out to your customers and engage them on a one - to - one basis .
There is Facebook and Myspace as well as a fast growing selection of newer sites .
There are blogs and blogger networks , as well as , shopping social networking sites .
There are community forums for a variety of topics and there are media sharing sites like Flickr and Youtube .
All of these should be considered for a social media campaign , but not all should be used .
Why ?
This depends a lot on the company and product .
For example , as a social media marketing consultant , I focus on green products and on women ’s products .
I know the Mommy and female blogger and The Mommy and female social media market .
I know the green market .
What tools they use and where one can find green consumers .
I recommend tools that make sense for my clients .
Not all of the tools that Liz Strauss or Jeff Pulver suggest do that , though I follow and admire them both , but they often serve different markets .
One thing on which we all agree , though is Twitter .
Though less than 2 years old , Twitter is rapidly becoming the go to place for both questions and answers .
Have a question on organic food ?
Direct message @ WholeFoods , an early and excellent user of social media .
Follow Seventh Generation and find updates answers on a variety of green topics .
Outside the green realm , companies are finding that Twitter , enhances their customer service operations , increases their visibility and most certainly makes them aware when a crisis is brewing .
Those of you who followed the # Motrin Moms story know that McNeil Consumer Healthcare was n’t paying quite enough attention when a writer on our sister blog , Eco Child ’s Play , stated her outrage about their ad on twitter and created a groundswell .
At minimum , being on Twitter and following Tweople , ( Twitter users ) interested in green products , keeps you up to date on your customers interests , like an on - going focus group of sorts .
It keeps you aware of when trouble is brewing and it gives you a way to communicate sales , promos and new products to your consumers .
Developing and maintaining the right Twitter presence for your company is n’t always easy , but it is easy to get started .
The green Twittersphere is large and growing .
Green media , green consumers and green companies are rapidly becoming a force on this social media site .
Take some time to do it right though .
Sign up with Twitter .
Follow some green
Tweople … and do n’t forget me , @mcmilker .
Tweet you later !
Some lists of green Tweople and Twitter Feeds
Must Follow Green Twitter Feeds
Best Green Twitter Feeds
Update : check out Our Post on Green Moms and Dads on Twitter at EcoChild ’sPlay
China sent three navy ships to the Gulf of Aden to protect shipping Ships from two navies in the Gulf of Aden have thwarted separate pirate attacks on two merchant vessels .
A Chinese navy helicopter drove off a number of small pirate boats closing in on an Italian - owned ship , China 's state - run Xinhua news agency reports .
And a Danish warship answered an alert from a Chinese cargo ship under attack and seized a pirate skiff and weapons , the US navy says .
There has been a surge in pirate attacks off Somalia this year .
A helicopter from one of the Chinese vessels spotted pirates close to the cargo ship and fired flares to warn them off , Xinhua said .
China sent three ships to help patrol the Gulf of Aden - a crucial shipping lane connecting Europe and Asia - late last year .
It is the second successful rescue for the squadron .
In January , a Chinese destroyer saved a Greek ship from attack .
Evasive action
In the other rescue , the Danish ship , the Absalon , " closed on the co-ordinates given by the Chinese ship following their distress call and spotted a skiff matching the description given by the captain of the motor vessel " , a statement from the US Naval Forces Central Command , based in Bahrain , said .
The crew on the Chinese ship , MV Yandanghai , had prevented the pirates from boarding by taking evasive manoeuvres and training their fire hoses on their skiff .
When the Danes arrived , they boarded the skiff and found several weapons , including a rocket - propelled grenade ( RPG ) , four AK - 47 assault rifles , two grenades and a knife , the US navy said .
Two of the Yandanghai 's crew were reported to be lightly injured in the attack .
The International Maritime Bureau 's piracy reporting centre says that 2008 saw a record number of pirate attacks globally .
The waters off Somalia accounted for nearly 40 % of the 293 attacks reported .
Vessels seized included a Saudi oil tanker and a Ukrainian ship transporting weapons , including tanks .
Both were released after ransoms were paid .
The attacks have continued this year .
On Sunday the Greek - owned cargo ship MV Saldanha was seized by pirates in the Gulf of Aden .
Warships from more than a dozen nations , including the UK , the US , France , Germany and Iran are now patrolling the Gulf of Aden in an attempt to deter the pirates .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The family of Karl Wittgenstein , who was one of Austria ’s richest men when he died , in 1913 , may deserve some gloomy sort of prize , the Palm of Atreus , perhaps .
His youngest child , the philosopher Ludwig Wittgenstein , once asked a pupil if he had ever had any tragedies in his life .
The pupil , evidently well trained , inquired what he meant by “ tragedy . ”
“ I mean suicides , madness , or quarrels , ” replied Ludwig , three of whose four brothers committed suicide , two of them ( Rudi and Hans ) in their early twenties , and the third ( Kurt ) at the age of forty .
Ludwig often thought of doing so , as did his surviving brother , Paul .
A budding concert pianist when he lost his right arm to a Russian bullet , in 1914 , Paul was imprisoned for a time in the infamous Siberian fortress where Dostoyevsky had set his novel “ The House of the Dead . ”
Ludwig later claimed to have first entertained thoughts of suicide at around the age of ten , before any of his brothers had died .
There were three sisters : Gretl , Helene , and Hermine .
Hermine , the eldest child ( she was born in 1874 ; Ludwig , the youngest , arrived fifteen years later ) , and the guardian of her father ’s flame , never married .
Helene was highly neurotic , and had a husband who suffered from dementia .
Gretl was regarded as irritating by most people , including her unpleasant husband , who committed suicide , as did his father and one of his aunts .
Bad temper and extreme nervous tension were endemic in the family .
One day , when Paul was practicing at one of the seven grand pianos in their winter home , the Palais Wittgenstein , he leaped up and shouted at his brother Ludwig in the room next door , “ I can not play when you are in the house , as I feel your skepticism seeping towards me from under the door ! ”
Paul became a concert pianist despite losing an arm , and Ludwig shared his iron will .
Yet their three brothers killed themselves .
Illustration by David Hughes
All of this was before the Nazis got to work .
The Wittgenstein children were brought up as Christians , but they counted as full Jews under the Nuremberg racial laws because three of their grandparents had been born Jewish and did not convert to Christianity until they reached adulthood .
( The fourth , their maternal grandmother , had no Jewish ancestry . )
After Germany annexed Austria , in 1938 , the family money bought the lives of the three sisters — Paul had escaped , and Ludwig was safe in England — but at the cost of estranging several of the surviving siblings from one another .
A few days before the invasion of Poland , in 1939 , Hitler found the time to issue an order granting half - breed status to the Wittgenstein children , on the pretext that their paternal grandfather had been the bastard son of a German prince .
Nobody believed this tale , but the arrangement enabled the German Reichsbank to claim all the gold and much of the foreign currency and stocks held in Switzerland by a Wittgenstein trust .
The negotiations for this exchange seem to have involved a secret pact in which Gretl and Hermine sided with Nazi officials against Paul .
After the war , Paul performed with his single hand at a concert in Vienna but did not visit Hermine , who was dying there ; Ludwig and Paul had no contact after 1939 ; nor did Paul and Gretl .
This was not a happy family .
Alexander Waugh , the author of “ The House of Wittgenstein : A Family at War ” ( Doubleday ; $ 28.95 ) , is no stranger to family sagas .
He belongs to the fourth generation of an English literary dynasty that includes the novelist Evelyn Waugh , who was his grandfather ; his previous book , “ Fathers and Sons , ” is a memoir of the Waughs .
The publishers of “ The House of Wittgenstein ” compare the “ novelistic richness ” of its style to Thomas Mann ’s first novel , “ Buddenbrooks : The Decline of a Family , ” which was published in 1901 .
In fact , there are more than stylistic similarities between the Wittgensteins of Vienna and Mann ’s invented north - German merchant dynasty .
In Mann ’s novel , the vitality and the solid businesslike virtues of the Buddenbrook family are sapped by introspection , homosexuality , loss of interest in commerce , overindulgence in art , and illness .
If Karl Wittgenstein ever read it , he must have nodded in recognition .
In a memoir that Hermine wrote in the nineteen - forties , she noted the “ lack of vitality and will for life ” that set her brothers apart from their father , and described his bitter disappointment that none of them wanted to continue his work in business .
Like his wife and his children , Karl was highly musical , but he found his son Hans ’s obsession with music to be morbid and strictly limited the amount of time the boy was allowed to play .
Hans was a prodigy whose extraordinary musical perception became evident at the age of four ; Gustav Mahler ’s teacher , Julius Epstein , called him a genius .
But Karl insisted that he follow a career in industry or finance .
Rudi and Ludwig were homosexual , and Hans may have been , too .
There the parallels end .
Thomas Mann traced the decline of the Buddenbrooks through four generations , but the Wittgensteins rose and fell within the span of two .
Karl more or less built the family fortune himself .
He was no stolid merchant but an audacious risk - taker , and something of a rebel in early life .
At the age of seventeen , he absconded to New York , where he arrived in the spring of 1865 with a violin and no money .
He worked as a waiter , then , among other things , he played in a minstrel band , a gig that came to an abrupt end when Abraham Lincoln was assassinated in a theatre and musical performances were banned .
Karl was too ashamed to write to his family or answer their letters .
It was only when he got a steady job as a teacher at a college in upstate New York that he recovered enough pride to agree to return .
His father was a land agent and a trader , and at first Karl was put to work on one of his rented farms .
Then he briefly enrolled in Vienna ’s Technical University .
After dropping out , he took a series of engineering jobs .
Energy and intelligence got him into management , audacious deal - making took him higher , and some capital from his wife ( he married in 1874 ) provided the first grains of powder for an explosive entrepreneurial rampage .
Waugh says that Karl Wittgenstein was a chancer , whose enormous fortune owed as much to the favorable outcomes of his gambles as to his hard work and his skills .
That is implausible ; nobody has quite such a consistent run of good luck .
Karl was adept at swinging the odds in his own favor , and he knew exactly which chances to take — in particular , he appreciated the significance of technology more keenly than his competitors did .
Announcing his death , in 1913 , The Economist wrote that “ the Austrian iron and steel trade owes its rapid growth and development solely to him . ”
Newspaper articles by Karl Wittgenstein show that he believed in unfettered capitalism ( though not in free trade ) and was opposed to any legislation aimed at protecting consumers from cartels or fraud .
Such laws , in his opinion , would interfere with the crucial work of vigorous entrepreneurs , who would ultimately raise the standard of living for everybody .
An early master of the leveraged buyout , he no doubt cut some corners while assembling his ingeniously integrated empire of mines , iron - and steelworks , and hardware factories .
He certainly reaped the benefits of monopoly wherever he could find them .
In February of 1900 , The Economist ’s Austria - Hungary correspondent reported from Vienna that Herr Wittgenstein would “ soon have the power of fixing iron prices in Hungary also , as he fixes them in Austria . ”
Karl was no philanthropist on the scale of his American friend Andrew Carnegie .
He was more of a patron — one of the main supporters of the Secession , Vienna ’s Art Nouveau movement led by Gustav Klimt ( who painted a portrait of Gretl , which she did not like ) .
But the family ’s cultural life really centered on the grand Musiksaal on the first floor of their main house .
Brahms was a family friend .
He dedicated his violin concerto to Karl ’s first cousin Joseph Joachim , whose famous quartet played in the Musiksaal several times each year .
Richard Strauss came and performed duets with the young Paul .
Schoenberg attended the soirées several times ;
Mahler , whose music Ludwig later dismissed as “ worthless , ” once attended but was not invited again after he left before the end of the evening ’s entertainment .
Music was more than entertainment for the Wittgensteins , though , and more than art .
For one thing , it became a store of value .
Pages from the Wittgenstein collection of autographed musical manuscripts flutter through this wonderfully told story .
Scores by Brahms , Schubert , Wagner , and Bruckner are stuffed in a potting shed by a quick - thinking servant while an art historian from the Gestapo rummages through Gretl ’s house .
A Bach cantata , two Mozart piano concertos , a Haydn symphony , and one of Beethoven ’s last piano sonatas are smuggled to Ludwig in Cambridge , where he places them in a bank safe - deposit box .
Gretl ’s younger son hides Schubert ’s “ Die Forelle , ” Brahms ’s “ Handel Variations , ” some Beethoven letters , Wagner ’s sketches for “ Die Walküre , ” and more , under a pile of socks in his suitcase , and heads for the Vienna railway station .
Music was also , Waugh writes , the only effective way in which the Wittgenstein children could communicate with their shy , nervous , and intensely musical mother .
And music provided consolation and distraction from the tragedies of the family , about which they were mostly required to remain silent .
Sometime in 1901 , Hans fled from his father and went to America , much as his own father had done thirty - six years earlier .
In 1902 , he disappeared , by most accounts , from a boat , which may have been in the Chesapeake Bay , perhaps on the Orinoco River in Venezuela , or in several other places .
Wherever it was , no one doubted that he had committed suicide .
Hans ’s disappearance was a banned topic .
Rudi was a twenty - two - year - old chemistry student in Berlin when he walked into a bar on a May evening in 1904 , requested a sentimental song from the pianist , and then mixed potassium cyanide into a glass of milk and died in agony .
The suicide note left for his parents said that he had been grieving over the death of a friend .
A more likely explanation is that he thought he was identifiable as the subject of a published case study about homosexuality .
After Rudi ’s funeral , Karl forbade the family to mention him ever again .
Waugh thinks that this enforced silence , which the dutiful Mrs. Wittgenstein supported , created a permanent rift between parents and children .
The exact circumstances of Kurt ’s suicide , which took place on the Italian front in 1918 , are unknown .
He was generally regarded as cheerful , but Hermine recorded that he seemed to carry “ the germ of disgust for life within himself . ”
Perhaps it was because Paul , after he lost his right arm , had the most tangible affliction in the family that he found the focus to remake himself .
His determination to succeed on the concert stage was , in part , inspired by the example of Josef Labor , a blind organist and composer who was a favorite of the Wittgenstein family .
Géza Zichy , a one - armed Hungarian count whose pianism had enthralled Liszt , was another encouraging model .
Zichy wrote a self - help book for amputees , which explained , among other things , how to eat a crayfish and remove one ’s underpants with only one arm .
Paul worked furiously and ingeniously to develop techniques that would enable him to perform .
The training began while he was still recovering from the amputation in a Russian prison hospital , tapping on a dummy keyboard that he had etched in charcoal on a crate .
Later , on a real piano , he often practiced for up to seven hours at a sitting .
At the peak of his career , in the late nineteen - twenties and early thirties , Paul ’s concerts drew wildly enthusiastic reviews from respected critics ; the Grove Dictionary of Music describes Paul as having had “ an amazing virtuosity which enabled him to overcome difficulties formidable even for a two - handed pianist . ”
During Ludwig ’s lifetime , the pianist brother — his elder by just two years — was much the more famous of the two .
It ’s also true that Paul continued to perform after his abilities had declined , and his reputation declined accordingly .
He made few recordings , and Waugh , who is also a composer and a music critic , remarks that most of them are bad .
His most lasting significance comes from having commissioned one - handed works from at least a dozen composers , including Richard Strauss , Sergei Prokofiev , Benjamin Britten , Paul Hindemith , and Maurice Ravel , whose Piano Concerto for the Left Hand remains widely performed .
Strauss extracted a particularly large fee , and Britten , at least , affected to be in it just for the money .
( “ I have been commissioned by a man called Wittgenstein , ” Britten wrote to his sister .
“ He pays gold so I ’ll do it . ” )
Paul often insisted on changes to the music , especially when he thought that the orchestra had been overscored and would drown out his playing .
( Britten groused , “ The man really is an old sour puss . ” )
There was also a colorful dispute with Ravel , who complained for the rest of his life about his dealings with Paul .
There was worse in store for poor Hindemith , who wrote his concerto in 1923 : Paul could n’t understand the composition , so he filed it away .
It was discovered eight decades later , in a Pennsylvania farmhouse that had belonged to Paul ’s widow , and given a belated world première by Leon Fleisher in Berlin in 2004 .
Paul could n’t fathom Prokofiev ’s concerto , either , and he shelved that , too .
In 1950 , Siegfried Rapp , a pianist who had lost his right arm in the Second World War , asked for permission to perform some of these works , many of which had been written a quarter of a century earlier .
Paul usually bought exclusive performing rights for his commissions , and he said no .
A few years later , Rapp obtained a copy of Prokofiev ’s concerto from his widow and went ahead , anyway , infuriating Paul .
It is hard to warm to Paul ’s refusal to let anyone else perform pieces that he would n’t play himself .
( He even felt betrayed by composers who wanted to rearrange his commissions to produce two - handed versions . )
And , despite giving evidence of Paul ’s kindness and generosity to friends , pupils , and old retainers , Waugh makes no effort to conceal his hero ’s estrangement from the compromises that lubricate everyday life .
Bertrand Russell once wrote of Ludwig that no one could be more “ destitute of the false politeness that interferes with truth . ”
This was at a time when Russell was still enraptured by the young Ludwig .
Russell later grew less indulgent toward his erstwhile pupil , but he had identified a family characteristic : when they believed that an important principle was at stake — which , for them , was often — the Wittgensteins were not inclined to be nice .
Most of Paul ’s eccentricities were perhaps the normal ones for a loner who had been brought up amid vast wealth .
He was a fiercely private man who liked to book entire railway carriages for himself , even when travelling with his family .
His wife , Hilde , who was half blind and had been his pupil , bore him two children in Vienna before their marriage ; the elder child had been conceived shortly after their first piano lesson , when Hilde was eighteen years old and Paul was forty - seven .
Because Hilde was not Jewish , Paul was open to charges of “ racial defilement , ” and in 1938 he fled Austria .
When his wife and children arrived in the United States , in 1941 , he set them up in a house on Long Island , which he visited on weekends from his apartment on Riverside Drive .
Arriving in New York without a valet , he soon ran into trouble .
When his clothes were stolen from a hotel — he had left them outside his room , presuming that someone would wash them — he sat around in bedsheets until a candidate for the post of personal assistant came up with the suggestion that more clothes be bought from a shop .
She was hired .
Another anecdote has him sallying forth into the street wearing a hat that was still attached to its box .
In the Wittgenstein family , it was not the philosopher who was the unworldly one .
Ever since childhood , the last - born Ludwig had had a passion and a facility for mechanical things .
At the age of ten , he constructed a working model of a sewing machine out of bits of wood and wire ; while serving in the Austrian Army , he demonstrated a more dangerous practicality by improvising his own mortar in the field .
After leaving school , Ludwig studied engineering in Berlin , specializing in hot - air balloons , and then moved to Manchester to work on aeronautical engines ; in 1910 , he patented an improvement in propeller technology .
It was then that he heard of Bertrand Russell ’s work on logic and decided to study with him in Cambridge .
Russell found him to be a tormented soul , unsure of his own abilities and unsure whether to be an engineer or a philosopher .
Russell soon decided that Ludwig was the most perfect example of genius he had ever known , and persuaded him not to continue with engineering .
“ We expect the next big step in philosophy to be taken by your brother , ” Russell told Hermine .
But he feared that his new pupil was on the brink of suicide , as he explained in a letter to his mistress , Lady Ottoline Morrell .
Ottoline wrote back that hot chocolate would calm Ludwig ’s nerves , and enclosed a packet of cocoa tablets for Russell to give him .
If they ever reached Ludwig they did not do the trick .
He continued to work with a feverish intensity on the problems of logic that he was discussing with Russell and to agonize about his life .
The way those two topics were entangled in Ludwig ’s mind can be seen from his “ Tractatus Logico - Philosophicus , ” a gnomic masterpiece that he completed as a soldier in 1918 .
The “ Tractatus ” is a mixture of logical symbols and mystical remarks in which Ludwig attempted to delineate the limits of language .
Certain things could be expressed in language , and these were best understood in terms of the logical techniques developed by Russell , he maintained .
But others — and these were the most important things in life — could not be expressed in language at all .
Hence the book ’s famous closing line : “ Whereof one cannot speak , thereof one must be silent . ”
The problems of philosophy could thus be dispatched by being divided into those that could be perspicuously rendered into Russellian logic , and thereby answered fairly easily , and those about which nothing could be said .
Frank Ramsey , one of Ludwig ’s most brilliant friends , who had reviewed the “ Tractatus ” in Britain ’s main philosophical journal as an undergraduate , quipped that “ what we ca n’t say we ca n’t say , and we ca n’t whistle it either . ”
Ramsey meant that Ludwig seemed to be cheating by trying to specify exactly what can not be said .
As it happens , Ludwig — who , unusually for a Wittgenstein , seems not to have mastered any musical instrument as a child — impressed his musical friends with displays of virtuoso whistling .
Several Cambridge dons recalled hearing him whistle the solo part of an entire concerto while a pianist played the orchestral part .
Whether or not Ramsey had this curious feat in mind , the Wittgensteins were certainly in the habit of using music to express what they could n’t say in words .
After the “ Tractatus , ” having thus exhausted all philosophical problems , and been exhausted by them , Ludwig took a break .
He worked as a schoolmaster for six years and then as an architect , designing and obsessively supervising the building of a house in Vienna for his sister Gretl .
During the First World War , he had read Tolstoy ’s “ The Gospel in Brief ” and other writings that extolled the wisdom of peasants .
Resolving to lead a simple life , he gave his share of the family money to three of his siblings ; since they were very rich already , he believed they could not be corrupted further by receiving his portion .
Then , in 1927 , his interest in philosophy was rekindled .
This time , his view of language changed — the emphasis on Russellian logic was gone — but one key idea remained the same .
Both his old and his new philosophy shared an inspiration that he had come across as a teen - ager in “ The Principles of Mechanics , ” by Heinrich Hertz , a German physicist .
Hertz had suggested a novel way to deal with the puzzling concept of force in Newtonian physics : the best approach was not to try to define it but to restate Newton ’s theory in a way that eliminates any reference to force .
Once this was done , according to Hertz , “ the question as to the nature of force will not have been answered ; but our minds , no longer vexed , will cease to ask illegitimate questions . ”
Ludwig ’s big idea was to apply this method to philosophical problems .
In his “ Tractatus , ” he had tried to show that some philosophical questions were illegitimate because they tried to say the unsayable .
The new approach was gentler and more therapeutic .
By painstakingly examining how language works in everyday life , Ludwig now believed that one could be cured of the misconceptions that give rise to philosophical puzzles , and thus stop worrying about them .
That is what he toiled on , mostly in Cambridge , until his death , in 1951 .
Does this actually work ?
Curiously , it is hard to say , because Ludwig seldom dealt explicitly with classical philosophical problems .
His writings hardly ever mention the great philosophers of days gone by , except in passing .
So one has to work out for oneself what , if any , bearing his explorations of the workings of language have on the ideas of Plato , Descartes , or Kant .
Ludwig intended his technique to be revolutionary : “ Why should philosophy in the age of airplanes and automobiles be the same as in the age when people travelled by coach or on foot ? ” the former aeronautical engineer asked .
It remains a point of contention whether he really found an honest way to dispose of philosophical questions or merely succeeded in changing the subject of conversation by the sheer force of his personality .
There ’s a telling description of genius by Arthur Schopenhauer , the German philosopher of romantic pessimism , whose work was well known to Ludwig , Paul , Gretl , and Hans : “ Talent is like the marksman who hits a target which others cannot reach ; genius is like the marksman who hits a target , as far as which others cannot even see . ”
That seems to have been the Wittgenstein way : trying to hit targets that others could not see .
But if ordinary mortals cannot spot the bull ’s - eye , how do they know whether it has been hit ?
According to Schopenhauer , they just have to accept the evidence of genius on faith , which is what Ludwig ’s admirers often did .
When Ludwig attacked some of Russell ’s ideas , Russell wrote to Ottoline Morrell , “ I could n’t understand his objection — in fact he was very inarticulate — but I feel in my bones that he must be right . ”
Other philosophers who met Ludwig reported the same feeling .
It ’s tempting to come away from the Wittgenstein saga with the thought that Karl , if only he had lived long enough , would have acknowledged the iron - willed independence of Paul and Ludwig as a reflection of his own , and given them his blessing .
But that would probably be expecting too much of him .
Tragic or not , no family has room for more than one Wittgenstein . ♦
An Indian - built Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle blasts off with RISAT 2 , an Israeli - built radar reconnaissance satellite on April 20 , 2009 .
India launched aclosely - guarded Israeli - built radar spy satellite Monday to begin gatheringvaluable intelligence data from a 342 - mile - high perch above the planet , regardless of lighting and weather conditions .
The country 's 15th PolarSatellite Launch Vehicle ignited at 0115 GMT and leapt from the Second LaunchPad at the Satish Dhawan Space Center on India 's east coast .
Liftoff of the 144 - foot - tall rocket was at 6:45 a.m. local time .
The Indian Space ResearchOrganization , which oversawthe launch , declared the flight a success on its Web site .
ThePSLV was carrying a secretive satellite fitted with a dish - like radar antennadesigned to see through darkness , clouds and camouflage , Spaceflight Nowreported Saturday .
The satellite , named RISAT2 , weighs about 660 pounds at launch and was built by Israel AerospaceIndustries .
It is designed for an orbit with an altitude of about 342 miles andinclined 41 degrees to the equator .
Radars transmit beamstoward Earth and measure the reflected signals to create detailed images ofobjects on the ground .
" RISAT 2 is a radarimaging satellite with all - weather capability to take images of the Earth , " ISRO said in a document on its Web site .
" This satellite willenhance ISRO 's capability for disaster management applications . "
But Indian news agencieshave reported RISAT 2 will be used by the military .
RISAT 2 is similar toIsrael 's TECSAR satellite launched by another PSLV rocket last year .
Bothsatellites look identical in available public imagery , have the same launchmass , and will operate in comparable orbits .
The new satellite providesan important new capability for Indian intelligence services .
Previous Indiansatellites , including a high - resolution observer launched last April , carriedoptical imaging sensors that were hampered by darkness and bad weatherconditions on the ground .
For more information onRISAT 2 , see our previewstory .
Monday 's launch also hauledinto space a small 84 - pound educational satellite called ANUSAT .
ANUSAT will demonstratetechnologies related to message store - and - forward operations , according to ISRO .
The craft was built bystudents at Anna University , a leading engineering institution in India .
Images - 20 Great Rocket Launches
Video - Discovery 's STS - 119 Night Launch
SPACE.com Show - ISS : Foothold on Forever
Copyright 2009 SpaceflightNow.com , all rights reserved .
HOME prices in Sydney dropped more than 4 per cent in the past year , a steeper fall than the national average , but a strong result amid financial crisis , economists said .
Confirmation that the property market is treading water came as official figures showed new loans to businesses are falling sharply , suggesting a rapid decline in investment .
The median house price in Sydney dropped 0.2 per cent in the three months to the end of March , taking the yearly fall to 4.1 per cent .
Unit prices rose about 1 per cent in the first quarter , but are down 1.2 per cent for the year , according to a report released today by Australian Property Monitors .
An APM economist , Matthew Bell , said house prices remained " surprisingly resilient " considering the financial turmoil .
Posted on by lskenazy
Two scenes from Mexico , where my family just spent a week ’s vacation .
( Skip the envy .
Nice weather , yes , but my husband slipped before we left and spent the whole time on crutches .
Meantime , this was the general tenor of our kids ’ conversation : “ I just saw a stingray . ” “ No you did n’t . ” “ I did too ! ” “ You just think you did . ” “ But I did ! ” “ See ? ” )
Anyway , that ’s not the point — thank God .
The point is to contrast two scenes .
The first , in town : A Mexican boy of about 8 , sweeping his home .
Not its floor .
Its roof .
With no guardrails .
Scene two , at the resort :
Our own boys , 10 and 12 , renting snorkeling gear : Mask , flippers , life jacket .
Even a few years back , my sister informs me , snorkelers did not wear life jackets .
Now these are standard issue , at least for kids .
I was very happy the boys got them , since I am , at heart , a chicken .
But if these jackets did n’t automatically come as part of the package , I would n’t have missed them , either .
Just like most of us would not miss the safety belts that now come standard in toy wagons .
Or the arm straps that now come standard in strollers , so you can plaster your kid to the seat as if you ’re on your way to a typhoon , rather than the park — where , by the way , there ’s a spring under the teeter - totter so no one lands too hard , and the slide is short , so no one falls too far , and the ground is springy , just in case someone does .
Did I mention the fact that the swing chains ’ holes have been filled in so no one catches a finger in them ?
On some playgrounds , that ’s the case .
As we pile on the safety precautions and equipment , the expectation of zero danger becomes the norm .
What seemed a reasonable risk even a year or two ago now seems foolhardy .
Snorkeling without a life vest becomes a quaint memory , on par with putting your baby to sleep in a room without a sound monitor .
Sure that seemed fine – until those monitors came along .
After that , putting your baby to sleep without one sounded positively rash .
Then along came video monitors .
Full color , flat screen ones that let you see and hear everything going on in the crib .
At which point , putting your baby to bed with just a sound monitor sounded positively rash .
( And do n’t even ask about the infra-red cameras . )
Do children really need all this protection ?
It ’s hard to say no , when all around us are the means to prevent our kids from encountering even the least likely catastrophe .
But the parents of the Mexican boy sweeping the railing - free roof are protecting their child another way – protecting him from feeling helpless and timid .
Deliberately or not , they are raising a child who is confident in a scary place , or , if not confident , then at least forced to be brave , which is how confidence grows .
He also looked pretty cheerful .
And he ’s good with a broom .
Those happen to be my exact goals for my own sons .
So far ?
Well , they ’ve seen some giant sea turtles .
And they ’ve lived to tell the tale .
But now that we ’re back home , it may be time for another brand new experience .
It involves a dust pan .
Share this :
Share
Facebook
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Filed under : Fun , Uber Safety , Uncategorized |
Let 's Put It Together
LaVena Johnson joined the Army to pay for a college education .
The high school honor student served eight weeks in Iraq before she was killed .
The Army called her a suicide , but her life testified the military was lying .
Ms Johnson and most of her fellow Americans abide in a dictatorship .
The fiends that brutalized her knew they would never face justice .
The US Army claims it defends democracy , but they do n't practice it .
Bushco mouths liberty and justice at the same time searching for a John Yoo to crush our God - given rights such as human dignity .
Nobody deserves to be beaten , raped and murdered .
The barbaric Bush enactments and directives remain in force .
If the President Obama had an equally low character , all CEO's , stock brokers and corrupt politicians could be beaten , raped and murdered .
If the citizens in a Red State district mounted a protest , the US Army would crush them .
Ms Johnson was a human being .
In her honor , we should take back our country .
http://lavenajohnson.com/about/
Nationalize the Federal Reserve System
It 's the Fed Reserve that should be nationalized under the treasury .
It has failed in bank regulation .
The banks should be re-structured , the management fired .
The pieces of the banks should continue under new management or be sold as new profit centers .
Kucinich is closer to what should be done for the public than anyone else .
Being a privately owned entity , the Fed could create $ 2 trillions and then thumb its nose at Congressional watchdogs .
With interest rates set at zero , the Federal government has few monetary policy options for recovery .
The Current Depression Has Not Depressed Greed
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
Tip : Uninstalling Office only removes the Office applications from your computer , it does n't remove any files , documents , or workbooks you created using the apps .
The following steps describe how to uninstall Office products on a PC ( laptop , desktop , or 2 - in - 1 ) .
For Mac , see Uninstall Office for Mac .
Uninstall Office for your installation type
The steps to uninstall Office depend on the type of installation you have .
The most common installation types are Click - to - Run and Microsoft Windows Installer ( MSI ) .
The other type is an Office installation from the Microsoft Store app .
Select the Click - to - Run or MSI or Microsoft Store tab below and follow those uninstall steps for your installation type .
Not sure which type of install you have ?
Robocalling against Obama in Florida
A reader in Tampa , Jennifer Wylie , sends in the audio ( .aiff * ) of a robocall from her member of Congress , Rep. Ginny Brown - Waite .
" President Obama plans to make wounded veterans use their personal health care to pay for service - related industries , " Brown - Waite says , referring to a policy the White House floated this week and quickly walked back yesterday , apparently before the call went out .
" This is a breach of our national promise that goes back to President Lincoln .
Let me assure you I will not let this stand .
I will not rest until this policy is reversed . "
The issue had the potential to feed a serious backlash , which is probably why the White House dropped it so fast .
But the robocall is just a small sign of the local , under - the - radar politics that tend to , at least , draw Republicans back away from Obama .
*iTunes and Quicktime , among others , will play it .
America , meet your farmer .
The maker of Stone - Buhr flour , a popular brand in the western United States , is encouraging its customers to reconnect with their lost agrarian past , from the comfort of their computer screens .
Its Find the Farmer Web site and special labels on the packages let buyers learn about and even contact the farmers who produced the wheat that went into their bag of flour .
The underlying idea , broadly called traceability , is in fashion in many food circles these days .
Makers of bananas , chocolates and other foods are also using the Internet to create relationships between consumers and farmers , mimicking the once - close ties that were broken long ago by industrialized food manufacturing .
Traceability can be good for more than just soothing the culinary consciences of foodies .
Congress is also studying the possibility of some kind of traceability measure as a way to minimize the impact of food scares like the recent peanut salmonella crisis .
The theory : if food producers know they ’re being watched , they ’ll be more careful .
The Stone - Buhr flour company , a 100 - year - old brand based in San Francisco , is giving the buy - local food movement its latest upgrade .
Beginning this month , customers who buy its all - purpose whole wheat flour in some Wal - Mart , Safeway and other grocery chains can go to findthefarmer .com , enter the lot code printed on the side of the bag , and visit with the company ’s farmers and even ask them questions .
Al Giordano wonders why there is so much outrage over the AIG bonuses when other , more important matters get nary a mention .
He also wonders why more people do n’t actively harness their anger to do something positive about the things that spark their outrage :
I have felt outraged at key moments in recent years by various human events :
Like learning , in 1999 , that President Bill Clinton , when he came to Mexico for an “ anti- drug ” summit , stayed in the mansion of a drug trafficking banker ( some similar outrage seems to be sweeping France right now over the same thing ) .
But when something outrages me , I try to do something about it that goes beyond mere expressions of my angst via public tantrum ( as I did then ) .
Other things that have outraged me in recent years were the march to war after September 11 , 2001 , and the subsequent revelations that torture was suddenly back in the Pentagon ’s playbook …
I was outraged by the US complicity in the attempted 2002 coup d’etat against an elected government in Venezuela and continue to experience outrage that 12 million undocumented immigrants in the United States are kept under inhumane conditions by the refusal of Republicans and Democrats in Congress , as recently as 2007 , to gather up enough votes to put them on a path to citizenship .
We all encounter matters that shock our consciences .
It never ceases to piss me off how OUTRAGED people can get over relatively minor stuff ( e.g. AIG bonuses ) but yet pass by truly shocking and outrageous things like the U.S. government ’s deliberate , systematic torture of prisoners during the reign of Premier Bush without more than a neutered whimper .
Where ’s the perspective ?
Where ’s the true human empathy ?
Does n’t it say something truly scary about us , as a people , that we get all hot under the collar over some greedy execs while bona fide war criminals get off scot - free ?
Some things are indelible in the soft clay of my heart .
Those moments of connection with someone where it is n’t about verbal communication .
Where the lips the teeth the tip of the tongue are n’t in play because you look at someone and you get volumes of information instantaneously .
I love this moment .
I have them often .
I ’m highly empathetic and I am easily read so those feedback loops are readily accessible .
I more often have the problem of receiving too much information from someone .
I ’m left winded and looking at them thinking “ Oh mercy … that is too much for me to feel with you right now… . ”
And then sometimes there is the opacity .
The moment where , in the words of the unlamented Donald Rumsfeld , we realize we may be up shit ’s creek .
There are known knowns .
These are things we know that we know .
There are known unknowns .
That is to say , there are things that we know we do n’t know .
But there are also unknown unknowns .
There are things we do n’t know we do n’t know .
~ Donald Rumsfeld
BDSM is exactly the path of Unknown Unknowns .
One of my favourite moments in BDSM play is the moments just as a scene starts .
Mostly because those moments are so fleeting and often The Look is the only clue you have some Fucked Up Shit is about to go down .
And it is right then I KNOW I have no fucking idea what is going to happen and that makes me so fucking high .
As a submissive , I tend to not be a fighter .
Someone who wants constant resistance is not going to be amused by me .
Because if you are doing it right and you somehow manage to intimidate me , I ’m in .
You win .
There is , however , an interesting second breaking point , where I suddenly wake up from that “ bird in the cobra stare ” and realize I am about to be lost and there is no turning back , and THEN I ’ll fight you .
It is that borderline between drowning and kicking to the surface for that one last desperate breath of air before my own submission reaches up from the depths , wraps its mute , reptilian tentacle around my ankle and pulls me back down to the Abyssal Plain of my being .
That Cold dark place of tremendous pressures where nothing exists but that faith and prayer that maybe ; maybe perhaps , by being still and quiet , I will survive “ This . ”
If you are one of those who willingly take that ride , and take it again and again , you might know what I mean .
And if you are one of the people who operate that ride , you certainly know what I mean .
Of late I ’ve had several very dark fantasies that have felt more like sensememory of brutality that are revisiting me .
Depending on your cosmology there may or may not be a reason for these feelings .
Were I in an ongoing relationship I would be interested in talking about these things to my partner , pulling at the edges of that tarp , peeking at what is beneath .
But that is n’t an excavation I can conduct solo .
I instead I am treated to ever increasing odd recollections of moments .
A look , a scene that viscerally terrified me .
A particularly tender moment suddenly recollected yet juxtaposed with a sobbing ecstasy .
And then I leave that room , and shut the door behind me .
But I can still hear the echo .
… clearly I need to get my ass beaten .
Companies do tricky shit and then wonder why their name gets beat up ...
For instance , the last Java update .
I clicked through it because it 's Java .
Sun would n't do shit just to be stupid and make a cheap buck yeah ?
Next thing I know , piles of F^cking Yahoo search bars are on my computer .
Fuck you SUN , Fuck you Yahoo .
Normally I just ignore them but now I think I 'm going to go to Yahoo and search for shit related to Google just to bump their word volumes around .
Learn Prolog Now ! is an introductory course to programming in Prolog .
The online version has been available since 2001 , and now there is also a throughly revised version available in book form .
We wanted to do two things with this course .
First , we wanted to provide a text that was relatively self contained , a text that would permit someone with little or no knowledge of computing to pick up the basics of Prolog with the minimum of fuss .
We also wanted the text to be clear enough to make it useful for self study .
We believe that if you read the text , and do the associated exercises , you will gain a useful partial entry to the world of Prolog .
But only a partial entry , and this brings us to our second point .
We want to emphasize the practical aspects of Prolog .
Prolog is something you do .
You can't learn a programming language simply by reading about it , and if you really want to get the most out of this course , we strongly advise you to get hold of a Prolog interpreter ( you 'll find pointers to some nice ones on this website ) and work through all the Practical Sessions that we provide .
And of course , do n't stop with what we provide .
The more you program , the better you 'll get ....
We hope you enjoy the course .
And whether you 're using this book to teach yourself Prolog , or you 're using it as the basis for teaching others , we would like to hear from you .
Please send us any comments / corrections you have so that we can take them into account in later versions .
I ’m a huge fan of command line tools .
I may be 40 years late to the party , but over the last couple of months I ’ve been increasingly finding that The Unix Way ( described by a friend of mine as “ ‘ loosely coupled ’ , at least , in the sense that all IPC took the form of text files with ad - hoc formats piped through shell scripts ” ) is a marvelous way to work .
NLP , Machine Learning and related tasks map very well onto this I find .
They ’re very often directly concerned with the manipulation of text and , where not , can usually be expressed in quite simple formats ( of course , you ’ll often need just a big binary blob for model files and the like , but that ’s ok ) .
So I ’d like to see more tools available for such .
Here are some I ’m familiar with :
dbacl dbacl is a command line text classifier .
It ’s uses bigrams for features and , as far as I can tell ( I ’ve only skimmed the source ) builds a maximum entropy model for classification .
I ’ve only played with it a little bit , but my impressions so far are that it ’s easy to use , fast and produces high quality results MCL MCL is a fast unsupervised clustering algorithm for weighted graphs .
This is a command line tool produced by its originator .
It appears to be a very solid tool , and the results are always interesting ( the larger clusters it produces are often a bit strange , but there ’s a lot of interesting info at the small to medium range ) .
I ’ve cheerfully fed several hundred MB of graph data through it and had it produce a good result ( it took a few minutes to do so , but it worked ) Hunpos Hunpos is a part of speech tagger .
We ’ve used it successfully in production ( though the latest versions of SONAR no longer use it having switched to OpenNLP ’s version ) and found it to be pretty fast and to produce decent results .
binary - pearsons
My only contribution to the list so far .
It reads a sequence of labelled events ( one per line ) and outputs the pearsons correlation between the labels as a measure of their similarity .
I ’ve not yet got it to a point where I want to release a version , but I ’ve already found it very useful ( we ’re using it in SONAR to dramatically speed up calculations from our previous version , which is where it comes from ) SRILM
The SRI Language Modelling toolkit seems to be primarily a library for language modelling , but exposes a lot of its functionality through a collection of command line tools .
I ’ve not used it , but it seems to offer a bunch of potentially quite useful functionality .
( Thanks to Aaron Harnly for the recommendation ) OpenFST OpenFST is a C++ class library for creating and using finite state transducers which also exposes all its functionality as a collection of shell tools .
( Thanks to cypherx on reddit for the mention )
That ’s all I can think of at the moment , though I swear I ’ve encountered a couple more which I ’ve found useful in the past .
What do you use ?
Well , everybody seems to hate this rally , so it probably has legs .
But whether we 've seen a temporary low or a permanent one is a very different question .
It 's worth remembering , amid this sudden burst of optimism , that the fundamental problem that got us all into this mess has n't really been solved .
Across the United States and Western Europe , ...
The Supreme Court gave a skeptical hearing Tuesday to lawyers for a girl who was strip - searched in school when she was 13 on suspicion that she had extra-strength ibuprofen in her underwear .
Instead , most of the justices voiced concern about drugs , such as heroin and crack cocaine , and said they were wary of limiting officials ’ authority to search students for any drugs .
“ How is a school administrator supposed to know ? ” Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. asked .
“ He sees a white pill and does n’t know if it is something terribly harmful , even deadly , or if it ’s prescription - strength ibuprofen . ”
In the case before the court , a vice principal at an Arizona middle school in 2003 told a nurse and an aide to take student Savana Redding to an office and to search her and her underwear to see if she was hiding the pills .
Advertisement
She had nothing to hide , and she and her mother sued Safford school officials on grounds that they had subjected her to an “ unreasonable search . ”
She won last year before the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals , which ruled that the strip - search of an eighth - grader was unreasonable and unconstitutional and said that school officials who ordered the search were liable for damages .
If that ruling is affirmed , it will put a new limit on school searches nationwide .
But that prospect dimmed during Tuesday ’s argument .
Adam Wolf , a lawyer for the American Civil Liberties Union who represented the Reddings , said the court should draw a line between “ ordinary searches ” and strip - searches .
He said Savana had no objection to the principal looking through her backpack and belongings .
Advertisement
Wolf said that the vice principal had no reason to believe pills were hidden in her underwear , so the strip - search was unreasonable .
A Justice Department lawyer also urged a limit on strip - searches .
But in their comments and questions , most of the justices disagreed .
Justice Anthony M. Kennedy , a swing vote on many issues , has voted regularly to give police and school officials greater leeway to search for drugs .
“ Is the nature of drug irrelevant ? ” he asked .
What if “ there is a very dangerous drug -- meth -- that ’s going to be distributed that afternoon ? ”
Advertisement
He asked whether a search in that instance would be reasonable .
No , Wolf replied .
There was no reason to think a 13 - year - old honor student had pills in her underwear , he said .
That reply did not appear to persuade Justice Stephen G. Breyer .
It is “ a logical thing ” for adolescents to hide things .
“ They will stick them in their underwear , ” he said .
“ And in my experience people did sometimes stick things in my underwear , ” he added , provoking laughter in the courtroom .
Advertisement
Breyer also questioned whether the strip - search was especially embarrassing .
He said students regularly change into their gym clothes at school .
He suggested the principal should have told Savana to change clothes so her underwear could be checked .
For a moment , Justice David H. Souter tried to put himself in the mind of the vice principal who had ordered the strip - search .
The year before , a student had become violently ill after taking some unknown pills at school .
The official may have feared a repeat .
“ The thought process in the principal ’s mind is : Better embarrassment than the risk of violent sickness and death , ” Souter said .
“ What ’s wrong with that reasoning ? ”
Wolf said it would “ send a shudder down the spines ” of children around the nation if the court approved of strip - searches .
Advertisement
However , a lawyer for the Safford Unified School District urged the justices to rule that school officials have broad authority to search students .
The vice principal in this case had been told that some students had pills , and that they were to be passed around at lunchtime .
Based on that report , “ he was entitled to search anyplace where contraband might reasonably be found , ” said Matthew Wright , the district ’s lawyer .
Justice Antonin Scalia asked if that applied to a “ body - cavity search . ”
Wright replied that no school official would undertake such a search , but he insisted that it would be legal .
The case heard Tuesday has not been tried before a jury .
A magistrate in Tucson ruled for the school district and threw out the Reddings ’ lawsuit .
Advertisement
The 9th Circuit , in a 6 - 5 decision , reversed that ruling and held that the strip - search violated Redding ’s constitutional rights .
Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr. suggested during the argument that the suit should go to trial so a jury could decide whether the vice principal ’s order was reasonable in light of the circumstances .
A ruling in the case of Safford School District vs. Redding is scheduled to be issued by late June .
--
Advertisement
david.savage@latimes.com
Joystiq spotted a new PS3 " Greatest Hits " bundle to go on sale March 29 at Target , two days after next week 's Game Developers Conference .
Kotaku later confirmed the details " with several Target locations , " reassuring that the bundle will sell for $ 400 , sans a price cut .
Sony Computer Entertainment America confirmed the news today while shedding light on its impact .
" We can confirm this bundle , " an official said in an email sent to Ars .
" It will only be available at Target in limited quantities . "
When originally leaked , the new " same price " bundle suggested a price cut might not come until later , despite anxious publishers asking for a lower price .
Since the " Greatest Hits " bundle is exclusive to Target " in limited quantities , " it leaves open the possibility that Sony could still announce an expected $ 300 PS3 next week at GDC , or at E3 in an effort to boost declining sales of the console .
Listing image by Joystiq.com
Traditionally , Pi Day is observed by eating ... pie .
If you 're ready to get your bake on , this oven - and microwave - safe dish is ready for your favorite Pi Day recipe .
Edging with the first handful of pi digits on the dish is sure to rival the fluted edging of the pie you 'll bake in it .
( $ 19.95 ) Let your friends take home the recipe for your favorite pie on these geek - minded recipe cards . ( $ 4.50 )
Scientists have found that stars – all strikingly similar to the sun – emit deadly superflares every century or so , spewing radiation and highly charged particles that devastate nearby planets .
Superflares have n't occurred in our solar system for at least 2,000 years , and researchers now think they know why .
" I have [ studied ] nine stars which are proven to be just like our own sun , " said Yale University astrophysics professor Bradley Schaefer , who led the study .
" You could stick [ one ] right where our sun is and no would blink .
And these all have superflares . "
A superflare is an enormous explosion of energy that occurs on the surface of a star .
Such blasts spew high - energy particles , ionized gas , and radiation into space .
If the sun produced a superflare , Schaefer said , the heat would be sufficient enough to " turn a winter day into a summer day , " and the charged particles striking the upper atmosphere would deplete the ozone so fast that life on earth would die out within a few months .
The sun sends out less powerful solar flares toward Earth at a rate of a few times a decade , Schaefer said .
But the damage is minor , resulting in temporary satellite or power grid failures .
" If you have a low - end solar flare , no problem , " Schaefer said .
" But you take a superflare that 's 10 million times as big , and holy moly . "
Scientists predict that a medium or high strength flare would deplete the Earth 's atmosphere of its ozone for years and result in biological and ecological catastrophe .
" For a year or two everyone gets skin cancer .
You would n't want to go out for ( more than ) half a minute at a time .
Up and down the food chain , things would just kind of go away , " Schaefer said .
" A top - end superflare might even get to the point where it kills cockroaches , " he said , referring to the insect 's ability to withstand radiation .
Only it is n't likely to happen .
Schaefer 's team concluded that the sun has not had a superflare in the last 2,000 years because there have been no unexplained mass human extinctions .
" If a low - end superflare happened on our sun , it would cause worldwide auroras and heatwaves – it would have appeared in a historical record . "
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
The military will phase out its " stop - loss " program , the contentious practice of holding troops beyond the end of their enlistments , for all but extraordinary situations , Defense Secretary Robert Gates announced Wednesday .
Robert Gates said the Pentagon will pay a $ 500 - per- month bonus to troops whose tours have been extended .
Gates also announced at a wide - ranging news conference that the Defense Department will pay for families of fallen troops to travel to Dover Air Force Base in Delaware to be present for the return of their deceased family members .
The decision to phase out stop loss by 2011 comes in combination with an announcement that soldiers affected by the program will receive a $ 500 - a - month bonus while they are in extended service .
Currently , the Army is the only service that uses the stop - loss program .
As of January , 13,217 soldiers had tours extended under the stop - loss policy .
Gates said the change is one he has wanted to implement since he became secretary of defense .
" While these changes do carry some risk , I believe it is important that we do everything possible to see that soldiers are not unnecessarily forced to stay in the Army beyond their end - of - term - of - service date , " Gates said .
The stop - loss program was put in place to ensure units remained intact during deployment .
For those whose enlistment was due to end , tours of duty could be extended in the middle of their unit 's deployment .
The Army used the stop - loss policy during Operation Desert Shield in 1990 and reinstated it after the September 11 , 2001 , attacks .
Gates cited two factors as contributing to the end of the program .
First , he said , " We will be drawing down in Iraq , over the next 18 or 19 months , significantly more than we are building up in Afghanistan , in terms of the Army . "
In addition , the Army has more troops to call on .
Retention and enlistment are up , Gates said , and the service has reached its goal of 547,000 personnel sooner than expected .
The defense secretary would not talk about details of the White House 's review of Afghanistan strategy , being conducted by the Defense Department , State Department and the White House , but he did said it has not been easy coming up with a promising new strategy .
" It 's a difficult problem and trying to come up with new approaches and new initiatives that enhance our prospects for success is hard work , " he explained .
He admitted that he has been " uncertain " about the proper direction for the Afghanistan strategy .
" I 've been very concerned about an open - ended commitment of increasing numbers of troops for a variety of reasons , including the size of our footprint in Afghanistan , and my worry that the Afghans come to see us as not their partners and allies , but as part of their problem , " Gates told reporters .
Gates defended the continued hunt for Osama bin Laden , and suggested the expectation that bin Laden could be easily found is unrealistic .
" I think too many people go to too many movies .
Finding these guys is really hard , especially if they have some kind of a support network , " Gates said .
" We have , I think , done some serious damage to al Qaeda over the last number of months .
And everybody continues to look for number one and number two . "
Gates also announced he is recommending to the president that he renominate Adm. Michael G. Mullen for a second term as chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and Gen. James Cartwright as vice chairman .
The announcement about funding the trips to Dover comes as the Pentagon prepares to allow the media to record the return of fallen troops from overseas , if the families of the troops permit it .
The media has been prevented from doing so since 1989 .
" We are committed to seeing that America 's fallen heroes are received back to their loved ones and their country with the honor , respect and recognition that they and their families have earned , " Gates said .
He briefly talked about his own trip to Dover earlier this week , getting emotional as he described going to the back of the plane carrying the coffins .
" I went to the back of the plane by myself and spent time with each of the transfer cases , " he said , his voice beginning to choke up .
" I think I 'll stop there . "
All About U.S. Army • Dover Air Force Base • Iraq War • Robert Gates
Get your daily motivation that will lead to success in your life .
The regular content covers the crucial areas for self improvement : law of attraction , positive thinking , successful projection , and overcoming procrastination .
DETROIT  Saab , the Swedish automaker , filed for bankruptcy protection Friday and asked its government for financial support to remain in business as an independent company , separate from General Motors , its parent .
It was the latest example of auto companies asking governments in different countries  including the United States and Canada  to step in with aid , opening the door to those governments playing a direct role in deciding the future form of their automobile industries .
“ This looks to me like it ’s going to be a subsidized industry forever , ” said Donald R. Grimes , an economist with the University of Michigan .
“ And then the question becomes , do you view it as a public benefit that the government should provide ? ”
Hours after Saab made its case to the Swedish government , General Motors submitted a request to the Canadian government approaching $ 6 billion , which is double the amount it previously said it would seek , according to Michael Bryant , the economic development minister for Ontario .
New Charges for Pilot Suspected of Faking Death Coast Guard files felony charges against man suspected of faking death .
Jan. 14 , 2009  --
The missing pilot who bailed out of his plane , apparently to avoid a growing trail of lawsuits and investigations , now faces two new felony charges stemming from his atempted disappearing act .
The Coast Guard filed felony charges against Marcus Schrenker , 38 , for allegedly making a phony distress call that " caused the Coast Guard to attempt to save lives when no help was needed , " and for willfully damaging or destoying an aircraft , Petty Officer Tom Atkeson told ABCNews.com .
Atkeson , based out of New Orleans , said the first charge carries a prison sentence of up to six years .
When Schrenker radioed in his distress call , the Coast Guard dispatched a Jayhawk helicopter because he was so close to coastal waters , Atkeson said .
After Air Force F - 15s flew alongside Schrenker 's abandoned plane until it crashed , the Coast Guard Jayhawk helped locate the downed plane and sent rescue swimmers to ensure the cockpit was indeed empty , he said .
These were the first of what was expected to be a variety of state and federal charges against Schrenker , who was under armed guard at a Tallahassee hospital today .
Tom Britt , Schrenker 's friend who helped him advertise his businesses , said he 's already been told that investigators would need evidence from him , including an e-mail Schrenker sent him that was used to trace Schrenker 's location , to use against him at trial .
Britt said he believes Schrenker wanted to crash his plane into the ocean so that authorities would declare him presumed dead .
" He made a couple , what I would call dumb mistakes , " Britt said .
One was when he sent an e-mail that led police right to his location , in Alabama , following the bailout from his plane .
When police and U.S. Marshals captured Schrenker Tuesday at a Florida campground , they found he had slit his left wrist in an apparent suicide attempt .
His tent was stocked with spare clothes , a cell phone , a laptop computer and $ 2,000 to $ 3,000 in cash , according to Lt. Jim Corder of the Gadsden County Sheriff 's Office .
" He was sort of semi-conscious , " Assistant Deputy Chief U.S. Marshal Frank Chiumento told ABC's " Good Morning America " today .
" He did n't say much .
He was trying to mutter some words to us . "
It was the latest development in a stunning downfall for Schrenker , who on Sunday parachuted out of his single - engine plane , which then continued on auto pilot for another two hours before it crashed into Florida swampland .
He later took off on a motorcycle he had stashed in advance in a self - storage facility in Alabama , police said .
While he was on the run , months of investigation into his insurance and investment advisory businesses culminated in two felony charges for securities violations .
Chiumento said Schrenker was n't able to make intelligible comments about the series of events that led him to the campground in Quincy , Fla. , some six hours from where he abandoned his plane .
" He muttered ' die ' at one time , as if he did n't want the first aid we were rendering to him , " he said .
His injuries , including a large slit to his left wrist and a puncture wound near the elbow , were not believed to be life - threatening .
Corder said that once Schrenker is released from the hospital he will be transferred either to the Gadsden County Jail or to a federal detention center in Tallahassee .
" We do n't expect him to stay in [ the hospital ] more than a day or so , " Corder told ABCNews.com .
Corder said federal authorities were able to trace Schrenker to the KOA Campground using an e-mail sent to a friend in Indiana .
In the e-mail , Schrenker expressed remorse for embarrassing his family and hinted at possible suicide in the line " By the time you read this , I 'll be gone . "
The Federal Aviation Administration was en route to Florida , Corder said , to begin the lengthy process of determining which charges Schrenker will face from his three - day escapade .
" We 're going to have to have a roundtable and figure out what laws were violated , " Corder said .
" Logistically , it 's going to be a nightmare for law enforcement . "
FAA spokeswoman Kathleen Bergen told ABCNews.com today that they have launched their own investigation in addition to assisting the National Transportation Safety Board , which is investigating the plane crash .
" The FAA is investigating the matter to determine if there were any violations of the aviation safety regulations , " she said .
While the FAA does not have authority to hand down criminal charges , it can institute civil fines and revoke licenses and certificates needed to operate an plane or other aircraft .
Schrenker is already facing two counts of acting as an investment adviser after his license expired Dec. 31 , according to documents provided by Indiana Secretary of State 's Office spokesman Jim Gavin .
Gavin told ABCNews.com that a Hamilton County Superior Court judge froze Schrenker 's assets and those of his wife late Monday .
Schrenker parachuted out of his company - owned plane over Alabama Sunday ; the plane continued flying on autopilot before crashing into Florida swampland two hours later .
Gavin said the assets will be frozen for 10 days until a scheduled hearing to determine the fate of Schrenker 's considerable wealth .
He currently has three businesses in his name : Heritage Wealth Management , Heritage Insurance Services and Icon Wealth Management .
His home and business were raided by authorities Dec. 31 as part of an investigation into possible securities fraud , Gavin said , based on " complaints made to the Indiana Securities Division ... by investors . "
During the raid agents seized passports , $ 6,036 in cash , the title to a Lexus and deposit slips for bank accounts in Michelle Schrenker 's name , according to The Associated Press .
Also taken were six computers and nine large plastic tubs filled with various financial and corporate documents .
In an affidavit , investigators suggested Schrenker might have access to at least $ 665,000 in the offshore accounts of a client .
The judge set bond for Schrenker at $ 4 million cash .
Each felony charge carries a possible sentence of two to eight years in prison .
Tracing a Mysterious E-mail
Britt , who received Schrenker 's e-mail Monday evening , told ABCNews.com that the 300 - word confessional did n't address his whereabouts at the time but included messages for his wife and children .
" When life becomes too much , people do stupid things , " Britt quoted the e-mail as saying .
" My heart just started racing , especially when I got to the bottom of the e-mail and it said , ' By the time you read this , I 'll be gone . ' "
Britt , taking that as a suicide threat , called 911 and was contacted by the U.S. Marshals Service , which asked him not to release the e-mail to the public .
" It was very remorseful , " Britt said of the e-mail .
" He felt very apologetic for what happened . "
Schrenker 's last known activity before police found him Tuesday was at a storage facility in Harpersville , Ala. , Monday that he had rented using his stepbrother 's name and identification a day before he jumped from the plane .
There he stored a red motorcycle , which he picked up after jumping from the plane and took off , police said .
Schrenker and his investment advisory firm Heritage Wealth Management Inc. had numerous court judgments and lawsuits pending , including a $ 1.4 million lawsuit claiming Schrenker had failed to pay back commissions from insurance polices that never materialized .
" I 'm terrified , horrified , I do n't know what 's happening , " Schrenker 's mother , Marcia Galoozis , told ABC News . "
" I have no idea , he could be delirious , could be concussional -- we do n't [ know ] his state of mind .
I think he just -- I do n't know .
If all this is true it 's overwhelming . "
Schrenker 's disappearance came days after his stepfather was buried .
His stepfather died from lung cancer only three weeks after he was diagnosed .
Schrenker attended the funeral with his wife and children .
Galoozis said the family was shocked by the recent events .
" He loved his children , loved his family , loved his house , " she said .
" He loved people , he loved his family .
I do n't know what 's happened . "
Searching for Marcus
Schrenker was at the controls of a single - engine Piper Malibu when he sent out what authorities describe as a phony distress call while flying over northern Alabama , Sunday evening .
He told air traffic controllers that he was experiencing turbulence , that his windshield had blown into the plane and that he was bleeding profusely .
Federal Aviation Administration spokeswoman Kathleen Bergen said the controllers lost contact with Schrenker shortly after but continued to track his plane for more than two hours before it crashed in Milton , Fla. , about 230 miles away .
Military jet pilots , who had been deployed to monitor the Piper Malibu , reported that the door to the plane was open midair and that the cockpit was dark .
The jets followed the plane until it crashed .
While Florida police were investigating the crash , Schrenker turned up in Childersburg , Ala. , and asked an officer to take him to the nearby Harpersville Motel , reportedly saying he had been in a canoeing accident .
Unaware of the investigation in Milton , authorities obliged , noting that he was carrying goggles police described as those that might be used for flying .
According to a news release issued by the Santa Rose Sheriff 's Office in Florida Monday , Schrenker was wet from the knees down but had no visible injuries -- contradicting his reported claim to the air traffic controllers that he was bleeding profusely .
Harpersville Police Chief David Latimer told ABCNews.com that Schrenker " said he wanted to meet some friends " at the motel .
Once they realized that he was linked to the Milton accident , police went back to the hotel and found that Schrenker , who had checked in under a fake name , had put on a black cap and run off into the woods , having paid for his room with cash .
" What he was doing was trying to get back to Harpersville so he could get the motorcycle and take off , " Latimer said .
Police also found clothes in the storage facility 's Dumpster they believe belong to Schrenker , " the same clothing he had on the surveillance video we obtained from Harpersville Motel , " Latimer said .
" It 's shocking , but it does n't surprise me , " Britt said , pointing out that Schrenker had the aviation skills and the money to pull off such a stunt .
Britt , who has known Schrenker for about five years and helped him advertise his newest business venture , Icon Wealth Management , said there were two distinct sides to Schrenker .
" There was kind of this nice guy and this loose cannon I keep hearing about , " he said .
Britt said that while Schrenker would go out of his way to support the local community -- he once donated money to fight a municipal squabble -- he was n't popular with many that did business with him .
There were stories , Britt said , of threats and verbal arguments .
Britt said he 's reached out to Schrenker 's wife .
The e-mail , he said , spoke of his love for Michelle Schrenker and their children .
Schrenker 's wife , Michelle , had filed for divorce last month and a hearing had been set for Feb.
5 , according to court documents .
Galoozis speculated that the economic crisis got to him because he invested other peoples ' money .
" I just hope that he slows down , settles down , looks at the big picture and gets some help , " Galoozis said .
Mounting Legal Troubles
Until the last week 's events , life appeared to be good for Schrenker .
He had a $ 4 million waterfront house , a beautiful wife and three children .
But he was living under mounting scrutiny as lawsuits and accusations about his business dealings began to pile up .
Schrenker and his investment advisory firm , Heritage Wealth Management Inc. , were sued last month by Kansas - based Creative Marketing International Corp. , which is trying to recoup $ 1.4 million in reported losses Creative Marketing claims it incurred after Schrenker failed to repay commissions from insurance and annuity policies .
According to the complaint , filed in U.S. District Court in the Southern District of Indiana 's Indianapolis Division , Schrenker was hired by National Western Life Insurance Co. , a client of Creative Marketing , to procure applications for life insurance and annuities .
But , according to the complaint , Schrenker failed to reimburse National Western for policies that had lapsed or were otherwise not enacted .
" Because CMIC [ Creative Marketing ] believes other similar inappropriate sales may have occurred , additional damages may have been incurred , " the complaint reads .
Phone numbers for Heritage Wealth Management were disconnected and there was no listing for Schrenker 's home address .
Schrenker is also listed as owner of Icon Wealth Management , formed in February 2008 , at the same address as Heritage .
Numbers for Icon were also disconnected .
Schrenker was also ordered , by a default judgment issued Friday in Maryland 's U.S. District Court , to pay Baltimore - based OM Financial Life Insurance Co. $ 533,564 in a breach of contract case similar to the Creative Marketing case .
OM Financial Life said that Schrenker had signed on to sell life insurance and annuity policies for the company , but failed to return more than $ 230,000 in commissions for policies that reportedly never materialized .
Included in the judgment against Schrenker and Heritage Wealth Management was $ 433,017 in damages , $ 66,397 in attorney 's fees and more than $ 33,800 in interest .
And earlier this month , the Indiana Department of Insurance filed a motion to revoke the license of Schrenker and Heritage and fine them , citing a string of complaints from clients , some charging that he forged signatures and withdrew investment money causing large surrender penalties .
In one case , according to the state 's complaint , Schrenker was accused of advising an 80 - year - old client to purchase four deferred annuity contracts totaling more than $ 1 million .
Schrenker then allegedly failed to fully explain the details of the contract , including surrender penalties and the fact that the client would not be provided retirement income until age 95 .
The same complaint charged that Schrenker advised the 80 - year - old client not to file 1099 tax forms and when $ 61,000 disappeared from the client 's annuity funds for 19 months , Schrenker paid it back by way of cashier 's check .
Joe Mazzone , a retired Delta captain from Auburn , Ala. , told ABC News that he was one of Schrenker 's victims , calling him " very slick , very soft - spoken , well - educated and very professional . "
Mazzone said that Schrenker secretly bought 15 - to 20 - year annuities on his behalf , locking him into the policy .
Mazzone alleged that Schrenker forged signatures and lied about not receiving commissions when he was actually taking in as much as 20 percent .
Mazzone said he and other Delta employees who took action against Schrenker were due in court in connection with the case on Jan. 22 .
" All of us would like to see justice , " Mazzone said .
" He seemed like such a nice guy . "
Schrenker is also being investigated by the FBI , though a spokesman could n't provide any details , only saying the agency was looking into the case , according to agency spokesman Paul Daymond in Birmingham , Ala .
He declined to discuss the focus of the probe .
A search of public records showed that Schrenker had filed for bankruptcy in February 2003 .
Heritage 's
Web site describes the firm as " value hungry advisers , constantly driven to get maximum returns for the lowest amount of risk . "
ABC News ' Jason Ryan , Marisa Bramwell , Andrea Beaumont and Brad Martin contributed to this story .
Indus River , April 30 : Nazir Mirani , 47 , is the third generation of a humble family committed to saving Pakistan`s blind dolphins , an endangered species swimming against a tide of man-made hazards .
" I treat them as my children and do everything whenever a dolphin is trapped in shallow waters , " said Mirani , once a fisherman and now among a handful of people officially assigned to protect the dolphins .
" No one can know them as meticulously as me .
I was born in a boat and have been living with these fish ever since , " said the lanky Mirani , his complexion darkened by years under the burning sun and his chest puffed up with pride .
" Look at my eyes , " he said .
" Aren`t they shaped like the fish ? "
Indus dolphins -- Platanista gangetica minor or " bulhan " in the local Sindhi language -- are listed as endangered by the World Conservation Union .
According to local folklore , a lactating woman once refused to give milk to a saint , who cursed her and pushed her into the Indus .
The woman turned into a dolphin and the freshwater species was born .
Females are bigger than males , weighing up to 110 kilograms ( 243 pounds ) and growing up to 2.5 metres ( eight foot ) long .
The brownish - pink mammals have lived alongside humans for time immemorial .
Their long , pointed snouts thicken at the end , and the upper and lower teeth are visible even when the mouth is closed .
Their numbers are declining as fishermen deplete their stock of food , pollution worsens , and a network of barrages restricts their movements .
Falling water levels due to declining rain and snowfall are another peril .
The Worldwide Fund For Nature Pakistan estimated in 2006 there were around 1,200 Indus dolphins left -- 900 at a sanctuary near Sukkur in the southern province of Sindh and another 300 further upstream in Punjab .
The dolphin is blind because it lacks eye lenses and so hunts for catfish and shrimp using sophisticated sonar , said Hussain Bux Bhagat , a senior official in the Sindh wildlife department .
Dolphins swam freely in the Indus until about 100 years ago when engineers under British rule started slicing up the river with irrigation projects in the dry hinterland .
The barrages pose a critical threat to the dolphins , dividing their natural habitat into five separate segments of the snaking river .
" This species used to roam across 3,500 kilometres ( 2,190 miles ) of the Indus but are now confined to 900 kilometres ( 560 miles ) , " Bhagat said .
As a result the risk of inbreeding " could lead to infertility and then extinction , " Bhagat added .
An alarming increase in pollution from untreated sewage dumps , illegal pesticides , and industrial and agricultural waste also threaten their survival .
The dolphins swim on their sides , trailing a flipper along the river bottom , and can move in water as shallow as 30 centimetres ( 12 inches ) .
But each year up to 50 dolphins get trapped in the thousands of kilometres ( miles ) of irrigation channels , which are closed and left to dry out .
Fishermen used to kill them but awareness campaigns have improved to the extent that they now inform wildlife officials who come to their rescue .
" People were so uneducated they used to shoot the dolphins dead until a few years ago , " said Bhagat .
The trouble is that wildlife services have limited resources .
Rescuers have just one van with a water tub , which they use to keep the dolphins alive for a few hours while they take them back to the river .
" We have successfully rescued 50 dolphins this season but we could do it more efficiently if we get a helicopter , " Bhagat said .
Dolphins also stray into narrow channels during monsoon season when sluice gates are opened to maintain the water flow at the barrages .
Experts who did a 2006 survey for the environment ministry said the needs of Pakistan ?s dolphins are the same as its people -- both need a clean , reliable source of water to survive .
Mirani -- whose father worked with Swiss specialist Giorgio Pilleri who conducted pioneering research into the mammal -- said his family tradition of helping conserve the dolphins will continue .
" My son Nadir Ali is ready to assist me , " he said , gesturing towards a teenager holding an oar as he steers a boat along the river .
" After me , he and his six younger brothers will try to protect dolphins , " he said , before cheering loudly as a dolphin emerged to swim alongside their boat .
Bureau Report
Mariah Carey and Nick Cannon were just involved in a minor car accident in L.A. -- apparently they 're not hurt , because Mariah was healthy enough to Twitter about it .
MariahHBFOk : so this is why I do n't drive , or get up early .
Just got into a little car accident in la .. but we 're all ok .
Neither of us were driving .
-- 21 minutes ago from TwitterBerry
Cloud computing has n't just enabled us to store mass amounts of data online ; it has also brought with it a number of privacy and security issues that have now come to the attention of the Federal Trade Commission .
The Electronic Privacy Information Center ( EPIC ) has petitioned the FTC to investigate privacy concerns over Google 's gaggle of online services just as the FTC was already meeting to discuss whether the benefits of living in the cloud justify the risks .
In its petition ( PDF ) to the FTC this week , EPIC asked that services like Gmail , Google Docs , Picasa , and Google 's other cloud computing services be investigated to determine " the adequacy of the privacy and security safeguards . "
The privacy organization cited a recent glitch in Google Docs that made certain documents — previously marked as private by their owners — public and available to the world , despite repeated claims from Google that the data is safe and secure .
EPIC also highlighted a number of reports from security experts about vulnerabilities in Google 's services between 2005 and now .
" Recent reports indicate that Google does not adequately safeguard the confidential information that it obtains , " wrote EPIC .
The organization wants the FTC to evaluate Google 's safeguards , require Google to revise its Terms of Service to highlight its obligations to security , compel Google to be more transparent about its policies , and pressure the company into donating $ 5 million to a public fund dedicated to privacy and security research .
Additionally , EPIC urged the FTC to consider the possibility of blocking Google from offering those services until the necessary safeguards are " verifiably established . "
( Some news outlets took this to the extreme by saying that EPIC wants to shut down Gmail , though a reading of the document reveals that it was more of a suggestion should the FTC find that Google is doing a terrible job at keeping data secure . )
The FTC is already aware of the privacy and security concerns that come with keeping everything in the cloud ; it recently held a meeting to talk about how companies can manage data security issues when data might span multiple jurisdictions .
Over the course of two days , the FTC met with various organizations and company representatives to discuss the risks involved in cloud computing , and which entities have jurisdiction over the data at any given time , especially as it changes digital hands .
The FTC has previously held such meetings to investigate topics like online behavioral advertising .
The agency likes to keep informed about tech topics , but the conferences do n't generally lead to new rules ( certainly not in the short term ) .
In the case of behavioral advertising , the FTC decided that industry self - regulation was the way to go , a position it has held for two years — though that may finally be changing .
For cloud - based services like Gmail , though , keeping the public trust remains paramount ; a spate of bad PR may be pressure enough to keep those companies offering web services to the public thinking hard about security and privacy .
Barack Obama tried to silence critics of Timothy Geithner last night , issuing yet another public endorsement of his Treasury Secretary as the pair put the finishing touches to their latest plan to dig the US economy out of recession .
The President used an interview on the current affairs programme 60 Minutes to insist that even if Mr Geithner were to tender his resignation , his answer would be : " Sorry buddy , you 've still got the job . "
The two men spent yesterday at Camp David , nailing the details of the banking bailout they are set to unveil today .
The plan is to earmark $ 100 bn to help move toxic assets off the books of endangered ledners and , in doing so , unfreeze the credit markets .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
" It 's going to take a little bit more time than we would like to make sure we get this plan just right , " Mr Obama said .
" Of course , then we 'd still be subject to criticism .
What 's taken so long ?
You 've been in office a whole 40 days and you have n't solved the greatest financial crisis since the Great Depression . "
Richard Shelby , the top Republican on the Senate banking committee , said Mr Obama 's show of support did not make him feel " especially good " about the Treasury or the man at its helm .
" My confidence is waning every day , " Mr Shelby told Fox News .
" If he keeps going down this road , I think he wo n't last long .
He 'll have to have at least a 180 - degree turnaround , I believe , to be a successful Treasury Secretary . "
Mr Geithner 's credibility was dented from the day he started the job after 34 senators voted against his confirmation following the revelation that he had underpaid his taxes .
Now , as the financial crisis delivers one sucker punch after another , the Treasury Secretary 's name rarely appears in print without the adjective " embattled " .
In one widely quoted quip , the HBO talk - show host Bill Maher declared : " If President Obama really wants to be transparent and level with the American people , he must replace Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner with an actual deer caught in headlights . "
Mr Geithner , though widely considered to be a brilliant financial strategist and policy adviser , has struggled to strike a chord with the public .
During last week 's furore over the insurance giant AIG using taxpayers ' money to pay exorbitant bonuses to executives , he was repeatedly accused of seeming aloof .
The White House will be keen to avoid the kind of stock market dive that greeted Mr Geithner 's original discussion of the bailout plan last month .
The Dow Jones index plunged by 380 points on 10 February , with investors disappointed with the lack of specifics .
Christina Romer , the head of Mr Obama 's White House council of economic advisers , toured television studios at the weekend to trumpet the scheme .
The government is expected to offer about $ 100bn of low - interest loans to private investors who agree to buy up as much as $ 1 trillion of toxic assets from vulnerable banks .
" We absolutely think this will do the job for the American economy , " Ms Romer said , adding that the administration was " incredibly confident " that the economy would " bottom out this year and actually be growing again by the end of the year " .
But it is set to be another difficult week for Mr Obama 's team .
The fury over AIG 's bonuses continues to rage , stoked by revelations at the weekend that the insurer paid out far more than was first thought .
When the amount in question was $ 165 m , the wave of public anger was immense , but now the bonus mountain has hit $ 218 m , almost a third more than expected .
Mr Geithner is due to testify about AIG on Tuesday to a Congress keen to know exactly when he and the Federal Reserve Chairman , Ben Bernanke , knew what .
While there have been a handful of direct calls – including from a Republican Representative from Florida , Cornelius Harvey McGillicuddy IV ( Connie Mack ) – for the Treasury Secretary to fall on his sword , few analysts expect him to leave , particularly given the lack of obvious alternatives .
The President will do his bit to try to restore public confidence in his administration 's handling of the economic crisis , with a prime - time press conference tomorrow night .
But once - loyal commentators are beginning to subject Mr Obama 's economic policy to close scrutiny .
An editorial in yesterday 's Washington Post said : " Until now he has offered a host of new spending – on healthcare , middle - class tax cuts , education and alternative energy – without calling for much sacrifice from anyone except the top 5 per cent of the income scale . "
The Earth Angel Wind - Up Vibrator is typical of green , wholemeal , tree - hugger penitence .
The " world ’s first 100 % eco- friendly wind - up sex toy " builds the punishment into the pleasure — you need to work for your thrills .
The vibrator is made from 100 % recycled plastic and parts — a do - gooder ’s dream — and requires you to do four minutes of furious cranking for every half hour of use .
It does store your juice , though , so you can put in the wrist - power now and enjoy the fruits at your leisure .
You get four speeds and easy three button up - down - off control .
For those of you for whom size still matters , the length is just 8.5 ” and the circumference 5.3 ” ( a diameter of 1.7 ” ) .
We actually like the battery - saving design , although not because its eco-friendly .
No , I like it because I now have one more task which I can thrust upon my subservient gimp .
Chen ’ll love it .
$ 69 ( of course ) .
Product page [ Love Honey via Shiny Shiny ]
See Also :
Enlarge Pool photo by Mark Garfinkel Boston University medical student Philip Markoff , 23 , is ordered jailed without bail by a Boston municipal judge Tuesday .
Police say a Boston University medical student accused of robbing women who advertised erotic services on Craigslist , killing one of them , had items belonging to both victims in his apartment .
A law enforcement official who spoke on the condition of anonymity told the Associated Press Wednesday that police found items belonging to both women in Markoff 's apartment in Quincy , south of Boston .
The source was not authorized to speak about evidence .
READ : Commonwealth v. Markoff
The source would not confirm a report by ABC News that the items seized by police included the victims ' underwear .
ABC
News said two unidentified law enforcement sources said Markoff appeared to be collecting underwear as " souvenirs " from his alleged victims .
Investigators are also looking into gambling as the possible motivation for the 23 - year - old who was arrested on Monday on Interstate 95 in Massachusetts as he and his fiancee drove to Foxwoods Resort Casino .
The Connecticut casino has confirmed it is cooperating with authorities investigating Philip Markoff 's gambling habits .
" We do not release information publicly concerning individual patrons ; however , we are aware of this situation and are cooperating with the appropriate law enforcement authorities , " the casino and its owner , the Mashantucket Pequot Tribal Nation , said in a statement .
Suffolk District Attorney Daniel Conley refused to comment directly on reports that Markoff might have been seeking money to pay gambling debts .
" As we explore various motives for the robberies , gambling is certainly a motive that we will look at , " he said .
Police in Boston and Warwick , R.I. , say Markoff may have preyed on other women he found on the website , where people can post most ads for free , says Jake Wark , a spokesman for the district attorney in Suffolk County , Mass . , who brought the charges .
A judge ordered Markoff jailed without bail .
Markoff will next court appearance was set for May 21 .
He is charged with murdering one woman and robbing and kidnapping another .
Both had posted ads under the website 's " erotic services " section , police say .
Craigslist CEO Jim Buckmaster , in a statement posted on his blog Tuesday , urged website users to take " the same common - sense precautions online as they would offline , " such as choosing a public place or bringing a friend along when meeting people encountered online .
About 50 million Americans use Craigslist to place online classified ads each month , he wrote .
" We are horrified and deeply saddened that our community services have been associated in any way whatsoever with a crime of violence , " he wrote .
" We are evaluating this incident closely to see if there are any additional things ( Craigslist ) could be doing to further improve safety for our uses and the general public . "
Defense attorney John Salsberg said Markoff is not guilty and " has his family 's support . "
" There are a lot of people out there , and not all of them are good , " says Parry Aftab , a privacy and security lawyer who founded wiredsafety.org to promote online safety , including on popular sites such as Craigslist , Facebook and MySpace .
" Many of us are vulnerable because we 're not as careful in the online world as we would normally be . "
This is not the first time someone allegedly has used Craigslist to find a victim .
Michael John Anderson , 20 , of Savage , Minn. , was sentenced this month to life in prison for killing Katherine Ann Olson , 24 , whom he lured to his home when she responded to an ad for a nanny he put on the site .
Craigslist signed an agreement Nov. 6 with 40 state attorneys general in which it promised to enact safeguards to restrict prostitution postings on its site .
It requires people who post in the erotic ads section , which includes such services as fantasy role - playing and lap dances , to provide valid identification and pay a $ 5 or $ 10 fee by credit card .
Despite that agreement , Cook County , Ill. , Sheriff Thomas
Dart last month sued Craigslist for facilitating prostitution .
The suit , filed in Chicago , asks a judge to outlaw the " erotic services " section .
Dart said in the lawsuit that his department had made hundreds of arrests based on ads on the site , including for child endangerment and human trafficking .
Markoff is accused of contacting a 29 - year - old woman who advertised massage services in the erotic services section of Craigslist , Wark says .
He arranged to meet her April 10 at the Westin Copley Place hotel in Boston , Wark says .
Once in her hotel room , Wark says , he pointed a gun at her , bound her hands and demanded money .
Markoff is charged in that case with armed robbery and kidnapping .
Markoff replied to another Craigslist ad April 14 and made an appointment to meet Julissa Brisman , 26 , of New York , at the Boston Marriott Copley Place , Wark says .
Brisman was beaten and shot three times at close range , he says .
One bullet struck her heart , killing her .
Markoff is charged with murder and carrying a firearm without a license .
" The evidence suggests an armed robbery that escalated to violence , " Wark says .
He says police traced an Internet address used to set up the date with Brisman to Markoff 's apartment in Quincy , Mass .
Police also are investigating whether Markoff is linked to a similar armed robbery in Warwick , R.I. , Wark says .
Contributing : The Associated Press Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
February 20th , 2009
My husband Dave loves him a good horror movie .
Bring on the gross , the gory and the gruesome .
But what makes him run screaming from the room whenever I take it out and use it ?
This .
I ’ll spare you any pictures of my dead foot skin .
But I will tell you that it looks exactly like finely grated parmagean cheese .
Buon appetito !
The fact is the thing works and I ’m on my way to smoother , sandal - wearing feet .
My piddies are probably the least cared - for part of my body , until now .
Hey , if it takes a cheese grater to do it , it ’s all good .
( Natural News ) Insufficient blood levels of vitamin D may cause adolescent girls to have weaker muscles , according to a new study in the The research team was composed of scientists from Longsight Health Centre in Manchester , the University of Manchester , Saint Mary 's Hospital for Women & Children in Manchester and Novotec Medical GmBH in Pforzheim , Germany .
"
We know vitamin D deficiency can weaken the muscular and skeletal systems , but until now , little was known about the relationship of vitamin D with muscle power and force , " lead researcher Kate Ward said .
" Our study found that vitamin D is positively related to muscle power , force , velocity and jump height in adolescent girls .
" The researchers measured vitamin D blood levels from 99 girls between the ages of 12 and 14 , all of them students at the same inner city , multi-ethnic Manchester school .
They found that 75 percent of the participants had vitamin D levels lower than optimal , although none were yet exhibiting any symptoms of deficiency .
Deficiency of vitamin D is well known to lead to hampered calcium absorption , which can cause the weakening of bones and lead to fractures and osteoporosis .
Newer research suggests that it may also increase the risk of cancer , heart disease and autoimmune disorders .
The researchers also measured each participant 's muscle strength and force through a variety of jumping exercises .
They found a direct correlation between vitamin D blood levels and the girls ' performance on the muscle strength tests .
" These data highlight the importance of vitamin D status on muscle function in adolescent girls .
Sub-optimal force might have implications for long - term bone development , " the researchers wrote .
Scientists and medical professionals believe that vitamin D deficiency is widespread , particularly among darker skinned people living far from the equator , whose bodies cannot synthesize enough of the vitamin from the weak winter sunlight .
Recent studies suggest that as many as 55 percent of apparently healthy U.S. adolescents might be vitamin D deficient .
Sources for this story include : www.nutraingredients.com
What recession ?
More than 10,000 revelers are expected for this year 's SXSW Interactive conference in Austin , Texas this week .
With no real work at hand , they 're hitting the parties hard — especially the unofficial ones .
Take last night , for example .
The conference 's official happy hour was packed , while the cocktail party hosted by Break Media , CollegeHumor , and other panelists from the " Comedy on Television and the Web " panel was far more relaxed .
Attendees included CollegeHumor 's Ricky Van Veen and The Office 's BJ Novak .
In between buying dozens of Kamikaze shots , Break Media CEO Keith Richman complimented Mahalo's Jason Calacanis 's poker game .
( Calacanis is a noted gambler , so much so that we sometimes wonder if he might have a problem . )
Break Media CEO Keith Richman , former Valleywag editor Nick Douglas , and New York writer and comedienne Caroline Waxler
We arrived at Digg 's Second Annual Big Digg Shindig at Stubb 's BBQ too late to see the live Diggnation taping — though we hear it was packed shoulder to shoulder — but just in time to see fanboys mob Diggnation host Kevin Rose and dispensable sidekick Alex Albrecht for autographs en masse .
NY Tech Meetup organizer , proven wantrepreneur , and host of The Interwebs Nate Westheimer
i Like 's Ali Partovi and Hype Machine 's Anthony Volodkin
Valleywag alumna and Boffery cofounder Melissa Gira Grant with Automattic 's Matt Mullenweg
After a stop at an impromptu Next New Networks party , we headed to the Driskill Hotel .
Microcelebrity egoblogger Julia Allison was flanked by fans who showed up after she sent a message on Twitter seeking reassurance of her self - importance .
She has actual fans !
Three of them !
Consider Nicolas Cage .
Any Nicolas Cage .
Ghost Rider Nicolas Cage .
Fancy Nicolas Cage .
Nicolas Cage in a wifebeater .
It does n't matter which one .
Nicolas Cage with a mustache .
As you 'll soon see , no matter which Nicolas Cage you choose for this particular experiment , the outcome will remain the same .
Do you have your Nicolas Cage ?
You do ?
Good .
( It 's mustache Nicolas Cage , is n't it ? )
I caught the trailer to Nicolas Cage 's next movie , Knowing , the other day , and I 've reposted it below .
There 's nothing too remarkable about this movie on its surface ( well , apart from Nicolas Cage 's absurdly boastful claim to his son that he 's going to make sure he never lets his son die .
Not to doubt your parenting skills , but telling your child that he's never going to die is a lie , no matter how you spin it ) .
The trailer is otherwise a typical modern action - thriller .
To be fair , I watched it with the sound off and while also watching something else on television , but I caught enough to conclude that it's a movie about Nicolas Cage saving , solving or destroying the world using math .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
I watched the trailer and evaluated the different circumstances that would be required for me to watch that movie .
I concluded that : A ) I would never pay a dime to see that movie .
B ) I would never actively pursue that movie , nor rearrange my schedule in any way to catch it .
C )
If it came on television somewhere down the line ( probably TNT ) , I would watch some of it if and only if I did n't have any new movies , it was too late to go out and House was n't on .
I felt safe in this conclusion because , since House is rarely not on , it seemed unlikely that I would ever see Knowing , and I decided that if I died having never seenKnowing , I could easily consider it a life well lived .
Reaching this conclusion brought on a startlingly realization : I had the exact same brief mental conversation for all of the Nicolas Cage movies that existed in my immediate memory .
Sure , I know he did some earlier stuff that maybe was n't terrible , but it became immediately apparent that for maybe the last 10 or 15 years ,
# 881368 +( 1025 ) - [ X ]
Enetheru : Freud ... he'd have a ball with that .
Enetheru : Man , I wish he was still alive .
Enetheru : " Hey Freud , I want to introduce you to 4 chan . "
Enetheru : " Say Hi , 4 chan . "
Fizzkittens : Argh !
Enetheru : Freud would n't be able to do enough coke to keep up .
And so , the Sandpoint Transition Initiative was taking its first steps .
They were baby steps and , it seemed , pointed in only the general direction of the revolutionary postcarbon future the Transition Handbook had called them toward last fall .
Other working groups are now volunteering to help the Chamber of Commerce , which happened to be starting its own “ buy local ” campaign .
Transition Initiative members will organize a contest to design the campaign ’s logo and will go around town , asking shop owners to hang up posters .
Lanphear told me , “ As long as we get the work going in the right direction , it does n’t matter who gets the glory or the credit . ”
Richard Kühnel chose to see it in an even more positive light .
He told me , “ I feel whoever wants to participate and whose ideas are aligned with ours , that ’s who the Sandpoint Transition Initiative is ” — whether those people know it or not .
“ I love Richard ’s energy , ” Councilman John T. Reuter told me during my last afternoon in Sandpoint .
“ I ca n’t say that enough times .
I just think he ’s the best thing since sliced bread .
But I guess I can’t really say that because sliced bread is a problem — that ’s part of the industrial - food complex .
So he ’s better than that !
Richard is the best thing to recover us from the crime of sliced bread . ”
Reuter is 25 .
Bearded but otherwise baby - faced , he is one of three City Council members under the age of 31 .
He comes from a family of Greek Orthodox sheep ranchers in southern Idaho and now heads the county Young Republicans .
He talks fast , scurrying through wry digressions like a comedian at a Catskills resort .
“ Have you read Rob what ’s - his - name ’s book ? ” he asked me , meaning the Transition Handbook .
Almost before I could answer , he said , “ I read that whole thing . ”
Reuter did n’t like it , though .
“ There ’s no question oil is a limited quantity , ” he said , adding that we should prepare for a life without it .
But the handbook struck him as overly pessimistic , resigning humanity to the sort of druidic life people at the charter school were romanticizing .
“ I guess I do n’t celebrate the loss of energy the way some of the people in the Transition group do , ” he said .
“ I like having a dishwasher . ”
What Reuter said he felt was wonderful about the Sandpoint Transition Initiative was how quickly it was rejuvenating people ’s faith that the changes they craved were worth working for .
“ To say the group has only created a community garden so far really is n’t sufficient , ” he told me .
“ It ’s something really more substantive : they ’re bringing people to the process . ”
It was easy to argue that at the initiative ’s core , in place of any clearly defined philosophy or strategy , was only a puff of enthusiasm .
But Reuter seemed to argue that enthusiasm is an actual asset , a resource our society is already suffering a scarcity of .
“ There ’s just something happening here that ’s reviving people ’s civic sense of possibility , ” he later said .
“ Politics is ‘ the art of the possible , ’ right ?
I think what the Transition Initiative is doing is expanding what ’s possible in people ’s minds .
It is expanding people ’s ability to dream bold .
And that ’s what we need to do : dream bold .
Because people have been limited by their own imaginations . ”
More than anyone else I had spoken to in Sandpoint , including the initiative ’s own organizers at times , Reuter was able to articulate a cohesive understanding of what Transition was actually doing .
The movement was n’t going to unify everybody in Sandpoint , he said : “ I know that ’s their dream , but I just do n’t see it happening . ”
But it was inspiring for Reuter to watch the group emerge as one fervently turning gear in the larger mechanism of self - governance .
“ It ’s like any other civic organization , ” he said approvingly .
It was n’t a very romantic notion , and maybe achieving that status so easily was a sign that the initiative was n’t really tackling the level of paradigm - busting work Transition wants to awaken us to .
Maybe that will turn out to be regrettable .
But , as utopian movements go , it also struck me as an unusually constructive outcome .
Stimulant drugs like Ritalin that are used to treat ADHD do n't improve children 's symptoms long term , according to new research published online in the Journal of the American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry .
That may come as a surprise to parents , but ADHD researchers have been arguing for the past 10 years over the findings of the Multimodal Treatment Study of Children with ADHD .
Called the MTA study , it is the largest study conducted to compare the benefits of medication to behavioral interventions .
This latest report from the MTA study tracked 485 children for eight years and found those still taking stimulant medication fared no better in the reduction of symptoms such as inattention and hyperactivity or in social functioning than those who had n't .
Most of the children who had taken medication for the first 14 months were no longer taking it .
This , the researchers wrote , raises " questions about whether medication treatment beyond two years continues to be beneficial or needed at all . "
Earlier reports found that children taking stimulants alone or combined with behavioral treatment did better in the first year than children who got no special care or who got behavioral treatment alone .
There 's more : Stimulant drugs stunt children 's growth , according to another report in the journal that analyzes MTA data .
Children who never took stimulants were three quarters of an inch taller and 6 pounds heavier on average than children who took medication for three years .
The children do n't make up for that later on .
What 's a parent to do with this new information ?
To find out , I talked with William Pelham , a pioneer in the study of behavioral treatments for ADHD and one of many researchers who participated in the MTA study .
Pelham is a distinguished professor of psychology at the University of Buffalo .
Here 's an edited version of our conversation :
You have long been critical of earlier interpretations of the MTA study , which said that stimulant drugs were better at relieving ADHD symptoms than behavioral treatment .
Why is that ?
The investigators in the study have not owned up to the fact that the results at one year were dramatically different than the results at all the follow - ups .
The group has continued to state the usefulness of long - term treatment , when the data show very clearly that it did not help .
If you put a child on medication , he or she is far better right at that time .
The question for parents is :
Is this going to make a benefit for my child long term ?
The answer is no .
Behavioral treatments are going to have much better benefit in the long term .
Unfortunately , we do n't have studies of the long - term effects of behavioral therapies eight years out , because they 're much harder to do .
But theoretically , we know they work .
It 's easy to find a doctor who will prescribe Ritalin .
But many parents feel it's hard to find good behavioral interventions for ADHD .
It 's true that it 's harder to find than medication .
But it 's not true that it can't be found .
Behavioral parent training is widely available — it is not rocket science , and it 's proven to help .
School - based interventions for ADHD are also widely available .
Almost every teacher in the country knows good behavior management techniques for children with ADHD .
What 's not as available are the intensive peer programs , which is what we do .
We developed an intensive summer program that has the best supported evidence of any program .
That 's been replicated in a number of places , including New York University , the Cleveland Clinic , and the University of Alabama - Birmingham .
It 's not as widely available as it should be .
But it 's wrong for a doctor to say to a parent , this treatment is harder to find , so instead we 're going to put your child on a drug that will have no long - term benefit .
Families often have a hard time paying for behavioral therapies .
Is that true with ADHD ?
Many insurers do not include coverage for psychosocial treatments for ADHD in their plans .
They wo n't pay for the types of interventions that are most evidence - based .
That 's a problem ; that 's a public health problem that people at the state and national level need to work on .
If Blue Cross Blue Shield paid for behavioral parent training , I assure you it would be everywhere .
It 's also true for Medicaid .
There are many states where Medicaid wo n't pay for this , even though it 's the most solidly evidence - based treatment of all childhood behavioral disorders .
The Institute of Medicine just came out with a report saying that many of these behavioral interventions can actually prevent problems .
Can you give me an example ?
There 's the good behavior game , a very common classroom management tool [ in which the class is rewarded for good behavior ] that is used for kids with ADHD .
If that was used around the country , not only would it be good prevention for behavioral problems generally , it would treat ADHD .
We 're using the Good Behavior Game in one of our studies .
Another example is the Positive Parenting Program , which is one of 10 really good evidence - based behavioral parent - training programs .
The IOM has not argued to put Ritalin in the water as a prevention .
They 're recommending taking the effective psychosocial things we know work and making them widely available .
If that happened , there would be much less need to medicate ADHD kids .
To protest the hyperinflation that has rendered the Zimbabwe currency worthless and to raise awareness of the dire economic situation there , the Zimbabwean Newspaper created an ad campaign featuring huge posters , wall murals , flyers , and even billboards all made out of trillions of Zimbabwean dollars .
Check out the photos from the newspaper 's Flickr photostream .
The Mugabe regime has destroyed Zimbabwe .
It has presided over the brutal oppression of the opposition , a cholera crises , massive food shortages and the total collapse of their economy .
Furthermore anyone brave enough to report this has been bullied , beaten and driven into exile .
One such group is ‘ the Zimbabwean Newspaper ’ .
However , not content with having hounded these journalists out , the regime has slapped an import ‘ luxury ’ duty of over 55 % on them which makes the paper unaffordable for the average Zimbabwean .
In order to subsidize the paper they need to sell it in England and South Africa , to raise the foreign currency .
A unique campaign was devised to promote the paper to raise awareness and increase readership .
One of the most eloquent symbols of Zimbabwe ’s collapse is the Z$ 100 trillion dollar note , a symptom of their world record inflation .
This note cannot buy anything , not even a loaf of bread and certainly not any advertising , but it can become the advertising , it can be a powerful reminder about Zimbabwe ’s plight and the need to hold someone accountable .
Link - via thehouseofmarketing
From the Upcoming ueue , submitted by frankiejones .
The Awful German Language
Mark Twain
from A Tramp Abroad
A little learning makes the whole world kin .
-- Proverbs xxxii , 7 .
I went often to look at the collection of curiosities in Heidelberg Castle , and one day I surprised the keeper of it with my German .
I spoke entirely in that language .
He was greatly interested ; and after I had talked a while he said my German was very rare , possibly a " unique " ; and wanted to add it to his museum .
If he had known what it had cost me to acquire my art , he would also have known that it would break any collector to buy it .
Harris and I had been hard at work on our German during several weeks at that time , and although we had made good progress , it had been accomplished under great difficulty and annoyance , for three of our teachers had died in the mean time .
A person who has not studied German can form no idea of what a perplexing language it is .
Surely there is not another language that is so slipshod and systemless , and so slippery and elusive to the grasp .
One is washed about in it , hither and thither , in the most helpless way ; and when at last he thinks he has captured a rule which offers firm ground to take a rest on amid the general rage and turmoil of the ten parts of speech , he turns over the page and reads , " Let the pupil make careful note of the following EXCEPTIONS . "
He runs his eye down and finds that there are more exceptions to the rule than instances of it .
So overboard he goes again , to hunt for another Ararat and find another quicksand .
Such has been , and continues to be , my experience .
Every time I think I have got one of these four confusing " cases " where I am master of it , a seemingly insignificant preposition intrudes itself into my sentence , clothed with an awful and unsuspected power , and crumbles the ground from under me .
For instance , my book inquires after a certain bird --( it is always inquiring after things which are of no sort of no consequence to anybody ) : " Where is the bird ? "
Now the answer to this question -- according to the book -- is that the bird is waiting in the blacksmith shop on account of the rain .
Of course no bird would do that , but then you must stick to the book .
Very well , I begin to cipher out the German for that answer .
I begin at the wrong end , necessarily , for that is the German idea .
I say to myself , " REGEN ( rain ) is masculine -- or maybe it is feminine -- or possibly neuter -- it is too much trouble to look now .
Therefore , it is either DER ( the ) Regen , or DIE ( the ) Regen , or DAS ( the ) Regen , according to which gender it may turn out to be when I look .
In the interest of science , I will cipher it out on the hypothesis that it is masculine .
Very well -- then THE rain is DER Regen , if it is simply in the quiescent state of being MENTIONED , without enlargement or discussion -- Nominative case ; but if this rain is lying around , in a kind of a general way on the ground , it is then definitely located , it is DOING SOMETHING -- that is , RESTING ( which is one of the German grammar 's ideas of doing something ) , and this throws the rain into the Dative case , and makes it DEM Regen .
However , this rain is not resting , but is doing something ACTIVELY , -- it is falling -- to interfere with the bird , likely -- and this indicates MOVEMENT , which has the effect of sliding it into the Accusative case and changing DEM Regen into DEN Regen . "
Having completed the grammatical horoscope of this matter , I answer up confidently and state in German that the bird is staying in the blacksmith shop " wegen ( on account of ) DEN Regen . "
Then the teacher lets me softly down with the remark that whenever the word " wegen " drops into a sentence , it ALWAYS throws that subject into the GENITIVE case , regardless of consequences -- and therefore this bird stayed in the blacksmith shop " wegen DES Regens . "
N.B. --I was informed , later , by a higher authority , that there was an " exception " which permits one to say " wegen DEN Regen " in certain peculiar and complex circumstances , but that this exception is not extended to anything BUT rain .
There are ten parts of speech , and they are all troublesome .
An average sentence , in a German newspaper , is a sublime and impressive curiosity ; it occupies a quarter of a column ; it contains all the ten parts of speech -- not in regular order , but mixed ; it is built mainly of compound words constructed by the writer on the spot , and not to be found in any dictionary -- six or seven words compacted into one , without joint or seam -- that is , without hyphens ; it treats of fourteen or fifteen different subjects , each enclosed in a parenthesis of its own , with here and there extra parentheses , making pens with pens : finally , all the parentheses and reparentheses are massed together between a couple of king - parentheses , one of which is placed in the first line of the majestic sentence and the other in the middle of the last line of it -- AFTER WHICH COMES THE VERB , and you find out for the first time what the man has been talking about ; and after the verb -- merely by way of ornament , as far as I can make out -- the writer shovels in " HABEN SIND GEWESEN GEHABT HAVEN GEWORDEN SEIN , " or words to that effect , and the monument is finished .
I suppose that this closing hurrah is in the nature of the flourish to a man 's signature -- not necessary , but pretty .
German books are easy enough to read when you hold them before the looking - glass or stand on your head -- so as to reverse the construction -- but I think that to learn to read and understand a German newspaper is a thing which must always remain an impossibility to a foreigner .
Yet even the German books are not entirely free from attacks of the Parenthesis distemper -- though they are usually so mild as to cover only a few lines , and therefore when you at last get down to the verb it carries some meaning to your mind because you are able to remember a good deal of what has gone before .
Now here is a sentence from a popular and excellent German novel -- which a slight parenthesis in it .
I will make a perfectly literal translation , and throw in the parenthesis - marks and some hyphens for the assistance of the reader -- though in the original there are no parenthesis - marks or hyphens , and the reader is left to flounder through to the remote verb the best way he can :
" But when he , upon the street , the ( in - satin - and - silk - covered - now - very - unconstrained - after - the - newest - fashioned - dressed ) government counselor 's wife MET , " etc. , etc . [ 1 ]
That is from THE OLD MAMSELLE'S SECRET , by Mrs. Marlitt .
And that sentence is constructed upon the most approved German model .
You observe how far that verb is from the reader 's base of operations ; well , in a German newspaper they put their verb away over on the next page ; and I have heard that sometimes after stringing along the exciting preliminaries and parentheses for a column or two , they get in a hurry and have to go to press without getting to the verb at all .
Of course , then , the reader is left in a very exhausted and ignorant state .
We have the Parenthesis disease in our literature , too ; and one may see cases of it every day in our books and newspapers : but with us it is the mark and sign of an unpracticed writer or a cloudy intellect , whereas with the Germans it is doubtless the mark and sign of a practiced pen and of the presence of that sort of luminous intellectual fog which stands for clearness among these people .
For surely it is NOT clearness -- it necessarily can't be clearness .
Even a jury would have penetration enough to discover that .
A writer 's ideas must be a good deal confused , a good deal out of line and sequence , when he starts out to say that a man met a counselor 's wife in the street , and then right in the midst of this so simple undertaking halts these approaching people and makes them stand still until he jots down an inventory of the woman 's dress .
That is manifestly absurd .
It reminds a person of those dentists who secure your instant and breathless interest in a tooth by taking a grip on it with the forceps , and then stand there and drawl through a tedious anecdote before they give the dreaded jerk .
Parentheses in literature and dentistry are in bad taste .
The Germans have another kind of parenthesis , which they make by splitting a verb in two and putting half of it at the beginning of an exciting chapter and the OTHER HALF at the end of it .
Can any one conceive of anything more confusing than that ?
These things are called " separable verbs . "
The German grammar is blistered all over with separable verbs ; and the wider the two portions of one of them are spread apart , the better the author of the crime is pleased with his performance .
A favorite one is REISTE AB - - which means departed .
Here is an example which I culled from a novel and reduced to English :
" The trunks being now ready , he DE - after kissing his mother and sisters , and once more pressing to his bosom his adored Gretchen , who , dressed in simple white muslin , with a single tuberose in the ample folds of her rich brown hair , had tottered feebly down the stairs , still pale from the terror and excitement of the past evening , but longing to lay her poor aching head yet once again upon the breast of him whom she loved more dearly than life itself , PARTED . "
However , it is not well to dwell too much on the separable verbs .
One is sure to lose his temper early ; and if he sticks to the subject , and will not be warned , it will at last either soften his brain or petrify it .
Personal pronouns and adjectives are a fruitful nuisance in this language , and should have been left out .
For instance , the same sound , SIE , means YOU , and it means SHE , and it means HER , and it means IT , and it means THEY , and it means THEM .
Think of the ragged poverty of a language which has to make one word do the work of six -- and a poor little weak thing of only three letters at that .
But mainly , think of the exasperation of never knowing which of these meanings the speaker is trying to convey .
This explains why , whenever a person says SIE to me , I generally try to kill him , if a stranger .
Now observe the Adjective .
Here was a case where simplicity would have been an advantage ; therefore , for no other reason , the inventor of this language complicated it all he could .
When we wish to speak of our " good friend or friends , " in our enlightened tongue , we stick to the one form and have no trouble or hard feeling about it ; but with the German tongue it is different .
When a German gets his hands on an adjective , he declines it , and keeps on declining it until the common sense is all declined out of it .
It is as bad as Latin .
He says , for instance :
SINGULAR
Nominative -- Mein gutER
Freund , my good friend .
Genitives -- MeinES GutEN FreundES , of my good friend .
Dative -- MeinEM gutEN
Freund , to my good friend .
Accusative -- MeinEN gutEN
Freund , my good friend .
PLURAL
N.--MeinE gutEN FreundE , my good friends .
G.-- MeinER gutEN FreundE , of my good friends .
D.--MeinEN gutEN FreundEN , to my good friends .
A.-- MeinE gutEN FreundE , my good friends .
Now let the candidate for the asylum try to memorize those variations , and see how soon he will be elected .
One might better go without friends in Germany than take all this trouble about them .
I have shown what a bother it is to decline a good ( male ) friend ; well this is only a third of the work , for there is a variety of new distortions of the adjective to be learned when the object is feminine , and still another when the object is neuter .
Now there are more adjectives in this language than there are black cats in Switzerland , and they must all be as elaborately declined as the examples above suggested .
Difficult ?-- troublesome ?-- these words cannot describe it .
I heard a Californian student in Heidelberg say , in one of his calmest moods , that he would rather decline two drinks than one German adjective .
The inventor of the language seems to have taken pleasure in complicating it in every way he could think of .
For instance , if one is casually referring to a house , HAUS , or a horse , PFERD , or a dog , HUND , he spells these words as I have indicated ; but if he is referring to them in the Dative case , he sticks on a foolish and unnecessary E and spells them HAUSE , PFERDE , HUNDE .
So , as an added E often signifies the plural , as the S does with us , the new student is likely to go on for a month making twins out of a Dative dog before he discovers his mistake ; and on the other hand , many a new student who could ill afford loss , has bought and paid for two dogs and only got one of them , because he ignorantly bought that dog in the Dative singular when he really supposed he was talking plural -- which left the law on the seller 's side , of course , by the strict rules of grammar , and therefore a suit for recovery could not lie .
In German , all the Nouns begin with a capital letter .
Now that is a good idea ; and a good idea , in this language , is necessarily conspicuous from its lonesomeness .
I consider this capitalizing of nouns a good idea , because by reason of it you are almost always able to tell a noun the minute you see it .
You fall into error occasionally , because you mistake the name of a person for the name of a thing , and waste a good deal of time trying to dig a meaning out of it .
German names almost always do mean something , and this helps to deceive the student .
I translated a passage one day , which said that " the infuriated tigress broke loose and utterly ate up the unfortunate fir forest " ( Tannenwald ) .
When I was girding up my loins to doubt this , I found out that Tannenwald in this instance was a man 's name .
Every noun has a gender , and there is no sense or system in the distribution ; so the gender of each must be learned separately and by heart .
There is no other way .
To do this one has to have a memory like a memorandum - book .
In German , a young lady has no sex , while a turnip has .
Think what overwrought reverence that shows for the turnip , and what callous disrespect for the girl .
See how it looks in print -- I translate this from a conversation in one of the best of the German Sunday - school books :
" Gretchen .
Wilhelm , where is the turnip ?
" Wilhelm .
She has gone to the kitchen .
" Gretchen .
Where is the accomplished and beautiful English maiden ?
Wilhelm .
It has gone to the opera . "
To continue with the German genders : a tree is male , its buds are female , its leaves are neuter ; horses are sexless , dogs are male , cats are female - - tomcats included , of course ; a person 's mouth , neck , bosom , elbows , fingers , nails , feet , and body are of the male sex , and his head is male or neuter according to the word selected to signify it , and NOT according to the sex of the individual who wears it -- for in Germany all the women either male heads or sexless ones ; a person 's nose , lips , shoulders , breast , hands , and toes are of the female sex ; and his hair , ears , eyes , chin , legs , knees , heart , and conscience have n't any sex at all .
The inventor of the language probably got what he knew about a conscience from hearsay .
Now , by the above dissection , the reader will see that in Germany a man may THINK he is a man , but when he comes to look into the matter closely , he is bound to have his doubts ; he finds that in sober truth he is a most ridiculous mixture ; and if he ends by trying to comfort himself with the thought that he can at least depend on a third of this mess as being manly and masculine , the humiliating second thought will quickly remind him that in this respect he is no better off than any woman or cow in the land .
In the German it is true that by some oversight of the inventor of the language , a Woman is a female ; but a Wife ( Weib ) is not -- which is unfortunate .
A Wife , here , has no sex ; she is neuter ; so , according to the grammar , a fish is HE , his scales are SHE , but a fishwife is neither .
To describe a wife as sexless may be called under - description ; that is bad enough , but over - description is surely worse .
A German speaks of an Englishman as the ENGLÄNDER ; to change the sex , he adds INN , and that stands for Englishwoman -- ENGLÄNDERINN .
That seems descriptive enough , but still it is not exact enough for a German ; so he precedes the word with that article which indicates that the creature to follow is feminine , and writes it down thus : " die Engländerinn , " - - which means " the she - Englishwoman . "
I consider that that person is over - described .
Well , after the student has learned the sex of a great number of nouns , he is still in a difficulty , because he finds it impossible to persuade his tongue to refer to things as " he " and " she , " and " him " and " her , " which it has been always accustomed to refer to it as " it . "
When he even frames a German sentence in his mind , with the hims and hers in the right places , and then works up his courage to the utterance - point , it is no use -- the moment he begins to speak his tongue files the track and all those labored males and females come out as " its . "
And even when he is reading German to himself , he always calls those things " it , " where as he ought to read in this way :
TALE OF THE FISHWIFE AND ITS SAD FATE [ 2 ]
It is a bleak Day .
Hear the Rain , how he pours , and the Hail , how he rattles ; and see the Snow , how he drifts along , and of the Mud , how deep he is !
Ah the poor Fishwife , it is stuck fast in the Mire ; it has dropped its Basket of Fishes ; and its Hands have been cut by the Scales as it seized some of the falling Creatures ; and one Scale has even got into its Eye .
and it can not get her out .
It opens its Mouth to cry for Help ; but if any Sound comes out of him , alas he is drowned by the raging of the Storm .
And now a Tomcat has got one of the Fishes and she will surely escape with him .
No , she bites off a Fin , she holds her in her Mouth - - will she swallow her ?
No , the Fishwife 's brave Mother - dog deserts his Puppies and rescues the Fin - - which he eats , himself , as his Reward .
O , horror , the Lightning has struck the Fish - basket ; he sets him on Fire ; see the Flame , how she licks the doomed Utensil with her red and angry Tongue ; now she attacks the helpless Fishwife 's Foot -- she burns him up , all but the big Toe , and even SHE is partly consumed ; and still she spreads , still she waves her fiery Tongues ; she attacks the Fishwife 's Leg and destroys IT ; she attacks its Hand and destroys HER also ; she attacks the Fishwife 's Leg and destroys HER also ; she attacks its Body and consumes HIM ; she wreathes herself about its Heart and IT is consumed ; next about its Breast , and in a Moment SHE is a Cinder ; now she reaches its Neck -- He goes ; now its Chin -- IT goes ; now its Nose -- SHE goes .
In another Moment , except Help come , the Fishwife will be no more .
Time presses -- is there none to succor and save ?
Yes !
Joy , joy , with flying Feet the she -Englishwoman comes !
But alas , the generous she - Female is too late : where now is the fated Fishwife ?
It has ceased from its Sufferings , it has gone to a better Land ; all that is left of it for its loved Ones to lament over , is this poor smoldering Ash - heap .
Ah , woeful , woeful Ash - heap !
Let us take him up tenderly , reverently , upon the lowly Shovel , and bear him to his long Rest , with the Prayer that when he rises again it will be a Realm where he will have one good square responsible Sex , and have it all to himself , instead of having a mangy lot of assorted Sexes scattered all over him in Spots .
There , now , the reader can see for himself that this pronoun business is a very awkward thing for the unaccustomed tongue .
I suppose that in all languages the similarities of look and sound between words which have no similarity in meaning are a fruitful source of perplexity to the foreigner .
It is so in our tongue , and it is notably the case in the German .
Now there is that troublesome word VERMÄHLT : to me it has so close a resemblance -- either real or fancied -- to three or four other words , that I never know whether it means despised , painted , suspected , or married ; until I look in the dictionary , and then I find it means the latter .
There are lots of such words and they are a great torment .
To increase the difficulty there are words which SEEM to resemble each other , and yet do not ; but they make just as much trouble as if they did .
For instance , there is the word VERMIETHEN ( to let , to lease , to hire ) ; and the word VERHEIRATHEN ( another way of saying to marry ) .
I heard of an Englishman who knocked at a man 's door in Heidelberg and proposed , in the best German he could command , to " verheirathen " that house .
Then there are some words which mean one thing when you emphasize the first syllable , but mean something very different if you throw the emphasis on the last syllable .
For instance , there is a word which means a runaway , or the act of glancing through a book , according to the placing of the emphasis ; and another word which signifies to ASSOCIATE with a man , or to AVOID him , according to where you put the emphasis -- and you can generally depend on putting it in the wrong place and getting into trouble .
There are some exceedingly useful words in this language .
SCHLAG , for example ; and ZUG .
There are three - quarters of a column of SCHLAGS in the dictonary , and a column and a half of ZUGS .
The word SCHLAG means Blow , Stroke , Dash , Hit , Shock , Clap , Slap , Time , Bar , Coin , Stamp , Kind , Sort , Manner , Way , Apoplexy , Wood- cutting , Enclosure , Field , Forest - clearing .
This is its simple and EXACT meaning -- that is to say , its restricted , its fettered meaning ; but there are ways by which you can set it free , so that it can soar away , as on the wings of the morning , and never be at rest .
You can hang any word you please to its tail , and make it mean anything you want to .
You can begin with SCHLAG - ADER , which means artery , and you can hang on the whole dictionary , word by word , clear through the alphabet to SCHLAG - WASSER , which means bilge - water -- and including SCHLAG - MUTTER , which means mother - in - law .
Just the same with ZUG .
Strictly speaking , ZUG means Pull , Tug , Draught , Procession , March , Progress , Flight , Direction , Expedition , Train , Caravan , Passage , Stroke , Touch , Line , Flourish , Trait of Character , Feature , Lineament , Chess- move , Organ - stop , Team , Whiff , Bias , Drawer , Propensity , Inhalation , Disposition : but that thing which it does NOT mean -- when all its legitimate pennants have been hung on , has not been discovered yet .
One cannot overestimate the usefulness of SCHLAG and ZUG .
Armed just with these two , and the word ALSO , what can not the foreigner on German soil accomplish ?
The German word ALSO is the equivalent of the English phrase " You know , " and does not mean anything at all - - in TALK , though it sometimes does in print .
Every time a German opens his mouth an ALSO falls out ; and every time he shuts it he bites one in two that was trying to GET out .
Now , the foreigner , equipped with these three noble words , is master of the situation .
Let him talk right along , fearlessly ; let him pour his indifferent German forth , and when he lacks for a word , let him heave a SCHLAG into the vacuum ; all the chances are that it fits it like a plug , but if it does n't let him promptly heave a ZUG after it ; the two together can hardly fail to bung the hole ; but if , by a miracle , they SHOULD fail , let him simply say ALSO !
and this will give him a moment 's chance to think of the needful word .
In Germany , when you load your conversational gun it is always best to throw in a SCHLAG or two and a ZUG or two , because it does n't make any difference how much the rest of the charge may scatter , you are bound to bag something with THEM .
Then you blandly say ALSO , and load up again .
Nothing gives such an air of grace and elegance and unconstraint to a German or an English conversation as to scatter it full of " Also 's " or " You knows . "
In my note - book I find this entry :
July 1 .-- In the hospital yesterday , a word of thirteen syllables was successfully removed from a patient --a North German from near Hamburg ; but as most unfortunately the surgeons had opened him in the wrong place , under the impression that he contained a panorama , he died .
The sad event has cast a gloom over the whole community .
That paragraph furnishes a text for a few remarks about one of the most curious and notable features of my subject -- the length of German words .
Some German words are so long that they have a perspective .
Observe these examples :
Freundschaftsbezeigungen .
Dilettantenaufdringlichkeiten .
Stadtverordnetenversammlungen .
These things are not words , they are alphabetical processions .
And they are not rare ; one can open a German newspaper at any time and see them marching majestically across the page -- and if he has any imagination he can see the banners and hear the music , too .
They impart a martial thrill to the meekest subject .
I take a great interest in these curiosities .
Whenever I come across a good one , I stuff it and put it in my museum .
In this way I have made quite a valuable collection .
When I get duplicates , I exchange with other collectors , and thus increase the variety of my stock .
Here rare some specimens which I lately bought at an auction sale of the effects of a bankrupt bric - a - brac hunter :
Generalstaatsverordnetenversammlungen .
Alterthumswissenschaften .
Kinderbewahrungsanstalten .
Unabhaengigkeitserklaerungen .
Wiedererstellungbestrebungen .
Waffenstillstandsunterhandlungen .
Of course when one of these grand mountain ranges goes stretching across the printed page , it adorns and ennobles that literary landscape -- but at the same time it is a great distress to the new student , for it blocks up his way ; he cannot crawl under it , or climb over it , or tunnel through it .
So he resorts to the dictionary for help , but there is no help there .
The dictionary must draw the line somewhere -- so it leaves this sort of words out .
And it is right , because these long things are hardly legitimate words , but are rather combinations of words , and the inventor of them ought to have been killed .
They are compound words with the hyphens left out .
The various words used in building them are in the dictionary , but in a very scattered condition ; so you can hunt the materials out , one by one , and get at the meaning at last , but it is a tedious and harassing business .
I have tried this process upon some of the above examples .
" Freundshaftsbezeigungen " seems to be " Friendship demonstrations , " which is only a foolish and clumsy way of saying " demonstrations of friendship . "
" Unabhaengigkeitserklaerungen " seems to be " Independencedeclarations , " which is no improvement upon " Declarations of Independence , " so far as I can see .
" Generalstaatsverordnetenversammlungen " seems to be " General - statesrepresentativesmeetings , " as nearly as I can get at it -- a mere rhythmical , gushy euphuism for " meetings of the legislature , " I judge .
We used to have a good deal of this sort of crime in our literature , but it has gone out now .
We used to speak of a things as a " never - to - be - forgotten " circumstance , instead of cramping it into the simple and sufficient word " memorable " and then going calmly about our business as if nothing had happened .
In those days we were not content to embalm the thing and bury it decently , we wanted to build a monument over it .
But in our newspapers the compounding - disease lingers a little to the present day , but with the hyphens left out , in the German fashion .
This is the shape it takes : instead of saying " Mr. Simmons , clerk of the county and district courts , was in town yesterday , " the new form put it thus : " Clerk of the County and District Courts Simmons was in town yesterday . "
This saves neither time nor ink , and has an awkward sound besides .
One often sees a remark like this in our papers : " MRS .
Assistant District Attorney Johnson returned to her city residence yesterday for the season . "
That is a case of really unjustifiable compounding ; because it not only saves no time or trouble , but confers a title on Mrs. Johnson which she has no right to .
But these little instances are trifles indeed , contrasted with the ponderous and dismal German system of piling jumbled compounds together .
I wish to submit the following local item , from a Mannheim journal , by way of illustration :
" In the daybeforeyesterdayshortly aftereleveno 'clock Night , the inthistownstandingtavern called ' The Wagoner ' was downburnt .
When the fire to the onthedownburninghouseresting Stork 's Nest reached , flew the parent Storks away .
But when the bytheraging , firesurrounded Nest ITSELF caught Fire , straightway plunged the quickreturning Mother - Stork into the Flames and died , her Wings over her young ones outspread . "
Even the cumbersome German construction is not able to take the pathos out of that picture -- indeed , it somehow seems to strengthen it .
This item is dated away back yonder months ago .
I could have used it sooner , but I was waiting to hear from the Father - stork .
I am still waiting .
" ALSO ! "
If I had not shown that the German is a difficult language , I have at least intended to do so .
I have heard of an American student who was asked how he was getting along with his German , and who answered promptly : " I am not getting along at all .
I have worked at it hard for three level months , and all I have got to show for it is one solitary German phrase --' ZWEI GLAS ' " ( two glasses of beer ) .
He paused for a moment , reflectively ; then added with feeling : " But I 've got that SOLID ! "
And if I have not also shown that German is a harassing and infuriating study , my execution has been at fault , and not my intent .
I heard lately of a worn and sorely tried American student who used to fly to a certain German word for relief when he could bear up under his aggravations no longer -- the only word whose sound was sweet and precious to his ear and healing to his lacerated spirit .
This was the word DAMIT .
It was only the SOUND that helped him , not the meaning ; [ 3 ] and so , at last , when he learned that the emphasis was not on the first syllable , his only stay and support was gone , and he faded away and died .
I think that a description of any loud , stirring , tumultuous episode must be tamer in German than in English .
Our descriptive words of this character have such a deep , strong , resonant sound , while their German equivalents do seem so thin and mild and energyless .
Boom , burst , crash , roar , storm , bellow , blow , thunder , explosion ; howl , cry , shout , yell , groan ; battle , hell .
These are magnificent words ; the have a force and magnitude of sound befitting the things which they describe .
But their German equivalents would be ever so nice to sing the children to sleep with , or else my awe - inspiring ears were made for display and not for superior usefulness in analyzing sounds .
Would any man want to die in a battle which was called by so tame a term as a SCHLACHT ?
Or would not a comsumptive feel too much bundled up , who was about to go out , in a shirt - collar and a seal - ring , into a storm which the bird - song word GEWITTER was employed to describe ?
And observe the strongest of the several German equivalents for explosion -- AUSBRUCH .
Our word Toothbrush is more powerful than that .
It seems to me that the Germans could do worse than import it into their language to describe particularly tremendous explosions with .
The German word for hell -- Hölle - - sounds more like HELLY than anything else ; therefore , how necessary chipper , frivolous , and unimpressive it is .
If a man were told in German to go there , could he really rise to thee dignity of feeling insulted ?
Having pointed out , in detail , the several vices of this language , I now come to the brief and pleasant task of pointing out its virtues .
The capitalizing of the nouns I have already mentioned .
But far before this virtue stands another -- that of spelling a word according to the sound of it .
After one short lesson in the alphabet , the student can tell how any German word is pronounced without having to ask ; whereas in our language if a student should inquire of us , " What does B , O , W , spell ? " we should be obliged to reply , " Nobody can tell what it spells when you set if off by itself ; you can only tell by referring to the context and finding out what it signifies -- whether it is a thing to shoot arrows with , or a nod of one 's head , or the forward end of a boat . "
There are some German words which are singularly and powerfully effective .
For instance , those which describe lowly , peaceful , and affectionate home life ; those which deal with love , in any and all forms , from mere kindly feeling and honest good will toward the passing stranger , clear up to courtship ; those which deal with outdoor Nature , in its softest and loveliest aspects -- with meadows and forests , and birds and flowers , the fragrance and sunshine of summer , and the moonlight of peaceful winter nights ; in a word , those which deal with any and all forms of rest , respose , and peace ; those also which deal with the creatures and marvels of fairyland ; and lastly and chiefly , in those words which express pathos , is the language surpassingly rich and affective .
There are German songs which can make a stranger to the language cry .
That shows that the SOUND of the words is correct -- it interprets the meanings with truth and with exactness ; and so the ear is informed , and through the ear , the heart .
The Germans do not seem to be afraid to repeat a word when it is the right one .
they repeat it several times , if they choose .
That is wise .
But in English , when we have used a word a couple of times in a paragraph , we imagine we are growing tautological , and so we are weak enough to exchange it for some other word which only approximates exactness , to escape what we wrongly fancy is a greater blemish .
Repetition may be bad , but surely inexactness is worse .
There are people in the world who will take a great deal of trouble to point out the faults in a religion or a language , and then go blandly about their business without suggesting any remedy .
I am not that kind of person .
I have shown that the German language needs reforming .
Very well , I am ready to reform it .
At least I am ready to make the proper suggestions .
Such a course as this might be immodest in another ; but I have devoted upward of nine full weeks , first and last , to a careful and critical study of this tongue , and thus have acquired a confidence in my ability to reform it which no mere superficial culture could have conferred upon me .
In the first place , I would leave out the Dative case .
It confuses the plurals ; and , besides , nobody ever knows when he is in the Dative case , except he discover it by accident -- and then he does not know when or where it was that he got into it , or how long he has been in it , or how he is going to get out of it again .
The Dative case is but an ornamental folly -- it is better to discard it .
In the next place , I would move the Verb further up to the front .
You may load up with ever so good a Verb , but I notice that you never really bring down a subject with it at the present German range - - you only cripple it .
So I insist that this important part of speech should be brought forward to a position where it may be easily seen with the naked eye .
Thirdly , I would import some strong words from the English tongue -- to swear with , and also to use in describing all sorts of vigorous things in a vigorous ways . [ 4 ]
Fourthly , I would reorganizes the sexes , and distribute them accordingly to the will of the creator .
This as a tribute of respect , if nothing else .
Fifthly , I would do away with those great long compounded words ; or require the speaker to deliver them in sections , with intermissions for refreshments .
To wholly do away with them would be best , for ideas are more easily received and digested when they come one at a time than when they come in bulk .
Intellectual food is like any other ; it is pleasanter and more beneficial to take it with a spoon than with a shovel .
Sixthly , I would require a speaker to stop when he is done , and not hang a string of those useless " haven sind gewesen gehabt haben geworden seins " to the end of his oration .
This sort of gewgaws undignify a speech , instead of adding a grace .
They are , therefore , an offense , and should be discarded .
Seventhly , I would discard the Parenthesis .
Also the reparenthesis , the re-reparenthesis , and the re-re - re - re - re - reparentheses , and likewise the final wide - reaching all - enclosing king - parenthesis .
I would require every individual , be he high or low , to unfold a plain straightforward tale , or else coil it and sit on it and hold his peace .
Infractions of this law should be punishable with death .
And eighthly , and last , I would retain ZUG and SCHLAG , with their pendants , and discard the rest of the vocabulary .
This would simplify the language .
I have now named what I regard as the most necessary and important changes .
These are perhaps all I could be expected to name for nothing ; but there are other suggestions which I can and will make in case my proposed application shall result in my being formally employed by the government in the work of reforming the language .
My philological studies have satisfied me that a gifted person ought to learn English ( barring spelling and pronouncing ) in thirty hours , French in thirty days , and German in thirty years .
It seems manifest , then , that the latter tongue ought to be trimmed down and repaired .
If it is to remain as it is , it ought to be gently and reverently set aside among the dead languages , for only the dead have time to learn it .
A FOURTH OF JULY ORATION IN THE GERMAN TONGUE , DELIVERED AT A BANQUET OF THE ANGLO - AMERICAN CLUB OF STUDENTS BY THE AUTHOR OF THIS BOOK
Gentlemen : Since I arrived , a month ago , in this old wonderland , this vast garden of Germany , my English tongue has so often proved a useless piece of baggage to me , and so troublesome to carry around , in a country where they have n't the checking system for luggage , that I finally set to work , and learned the German language .
Also !
Es freut mich dass dies so ist , denn es muss , in ein haupts : achlich degree , h: oflich sein , dass man auf ein occasion like this , sein Rede in die Sprache des Landes worin he boards , aussprechen soll .
Daf : ur habe ich , aus reinische Verlegenheit -- no , Vergangenheit -- no , I mean Hoflichkeit -- aus reinishe Hoflichkeit habe ich resolved to tackle this business in the German language , um Gottes willen !
Also !
Sie müssen so freundlich sein , und verzeih mich die interlarding von ein oder zwei Englischer Worte , hie und da , denn ich finde dass die deutsche is not a very copious language , and so when you 've really got anything to say , you 've got to draw on a language that can stand the strain .
Wenn haber man kann nicht meinem Rede Verstehen , so werde ich ihm sp:ater dasselbe : ubersetz , wenn er solche Dienst verlangen wollen haben werden sollen sein h:atte .
( I do n't know what wollen haben werden sollen sein hätte means , but I notice they always put it at the end of a German sentence -- merely for general literary gorgeousness , I suppose . )
This is a great and justly honored day - - a day which is worthy of the veneration in which it is held by the true patriots of all climes and nationalities -- a day which offers a fruitful theme for thought and speech ; und meinem Freunde - - no , meinEN FreundEN -- meinES FreundES -- well , take your choice , they 're all the same price ; I do n't know which one is right -- also !
ich habe gehabt haben worden gewesen sein , as Goethe says in his Paradise Lost - - ich - - ich - - that is to say - - ich - - but let us change cars .
Also !
Die Anblich so viele Grossbrittanischer und Amerikanischer hier zusammengetroffen in Bruderliche concord , ist zwar a welcome and inspiriting spectacle .
And what has moved you to it ?
Can the terse German tongue rise to the expression of this impulse ?
Is it Freundschaftsbezeigungenstadtverordneten - versammlungenfamilieneigenth:umlichkeiten ?
Nein , o nein !
This is a crisp and noble word , but it fails to pierce the marrow of the impulse which has gathered this friendly meeting and produced diese Anblick - - eine Anblich welche ist gut zu sehen - - gut für die Augen in a foreign land and a far country -- eine Anblick solche als in die gew : ohnliche Heidelberger phrase nennt man ein " schönes Aussicht ! "
Ja , freilich natürlich wahrscheinlich ebensowohl !
Also !
Die Aussicht auf dem Konigsstuhl mehr gr:osser ist , aber geistlische sprechend nicht so schön , lob ' Gott !
Because sie sind hier zusammengetroffen , in Bruderlichem concord , ein grossen Tag zu feirn , whose high benefits were not for one land and one locality , but have conferred a measure of good upon all lands that know liberty today , and love it .
Hundert Jahre vor¨ber , waren die Engländer und die Amerikaner Feinde ; aber heut sind sie herzlichen Freunde , Gott sei Dank !
May this good - fellowship endure ; may these banners here blended in amity so remain ; may they never any more wave over opposing hosts , or be stained with blood which was kindred , is kindred , and always will be kindred , until a line drawn upon a map shall be able to say : " THIS bars the ancestral blood from flowing in the veins of the descendant ! "
NOTES
Frida Pinto and Rubina Ali from the movie “ Slumdog Millionaire ” greet each other at the Governor ’s Ball following the 81st Academy Awards Sunday , Feb. 22 , 2009 , in the Hollywood section of Los Angeles .
( AP Photo / Amy Sancetta )
And the Oscar goes to ….. Slumdog Millionaire !
Every so often a wonderful movie about India wins a series of Oscars promising to finally put the face of this massive culture on the map .
Gandhi , A Passage to India , Slumdog Millionaire .
But after the initial euphoria , the world eventually goes back to life as they know it .
This time , after sweeping the Oscars with eight awards , India ’s slumdogs are headed back to the slums .
The movie has reached massive acclaim in a very short span of time .
Americans love it as it offers the romance of a rags - to - riches story artfully crafted by the creative hand of Danny Boyle , a proven talent in film - making .
Indians on the other hand have had mixed responses about what the movie portrayed and the fact that its producers have exploited those who live in abject poverty .
So the question is did India actually win ?
Or was it simply a convenient subject for Hollywood ?
Poverty porn
As brilliant as the film is , it is vile .
And what ’s more , Slumdog Millionaire is about children set not in the West but in the slums of the Third World .
As the film revels in the violence , degradation and horror , it begs to questions whether the Westerner will be equally entertained by a visit to the actual slums of India ?
Danny Boyle has been slammed for creating “ poverty porn “ .
An article in the Times states that
“ Boyle ’s most subversive achievement may lie not in revealing the dark underbelly of India – but in revealing ours . ” ( The Times ) .
“ Slumdog ” – a metaphor for prejudice
The very term “ slumdog ” has raised an outcry among the people of the slums who have been protesting that they are not dogs but the future of India .
In India , the term ‘ dog ’ does not evoke the image of a cute , furry domestic animal but rather a mangy pariah that eats dirt to survive ; and spreads disease to those who touch it .
More than this the term evokes an old hatred – the people of Mumbai cannot forget that years ago when the country was still a British colony , a sign outside the Breach Candy Swimming Club ( which is today a prestigious member only club for affluent Mumbai residents ) clearly stipulated that no “ dogs or Indians ” were allowed any where near the premises .
Even then , Indians were equated with pariahs .
Sadia Shepard a documentary filmmaker told the New York Times that Simon Beufoy ( the screenwriter ) ’s “ use of the word “ dog ” was a problematic choice he made arbitrarily , and clearly without doing enough research . ”
But I wonder if perhaps he had done the research and it was intentionally provocative .
If art is meant to raise awareness then why abstain from controversy ?
The child actors will return to the slums
The children who acted in the film are real slumdogs and to this day are still living in horrific conditions with shacks as their homes and open areas for toilets .
The producers have arranged a school that they can attend but after being flown to the U.S. for the glitz and glamor of the award show , they will return to the slums where the school of “ street smart ” is the only education that guarantees survival .
Rubina Ali and Azharuddin Ismail , who played Latika and Salim in the early scenes of the film received $ 725 dollars and $ 2,465 respectively for a year ’s work .
Do n’t miss BBC ’s short documentary about the reality of the child actors ’ lives and living conditions .
It is a huge eye opener .
To make matters worse , Azharuddin ’s home in the slums of Mumbai , close to where the film was shot , was demolished by the local authorities during filming and he now sleeps under a sheet of plastic tarpaulin with his father , who suffers from tuberculosis .
Is it even fair to expose the kids to the lights of the Oscars only to send them back to their miserable plight that they hate ?
Arguably the slumdogs are the losers rather than the winners .
A big win for the Indian entertainment industry
On the flip side , the success of the movie at the Oscars is a huge boost for the Indian entertainment industry .
The biggest winner for India was A.R. Rahman , the extraordinarily talented musician who composed the songs and musical score for the film .
He won two oscars for each of these categories .
This is not Rahman ’s first rags - to - riches music story : he also composed the music for Bombay Dreams , an Andrew Lloyd Weber musical that was based upon a similar theme where a boy from the slums makes it big .
Rahman ’s compositions over the years have been truly magnificent .
Resul Pookutty , a graduate from the prestigious Film and Television Institute of India , has been in the industry for more than 10 years and has worked on several big films .
He won for sound mixing of Slumdog with Ian Tapp and Richard Pryke .
Clearly these awards are big wins for India .
But yet , no tribute or dedication to the victims of the Mumbai terrorist attacks that just weeks ago shook the nation and the world !
This is a seriously crazy person :
Please , you need to get this person help .
I do n't know what Fox News has for a health plan -- being conservative , I can only presume you have none -- but I 'm sure Murdoch has a few bucks lying around .
We all know about " showmanship " , but there is " showmanship " , and then there is " batshit crazy with a side of fries " .
There are " alternate points of view " , and then there is " explosive decompression of the mind " .
I know what you 're thinking , Fox News .
I know you 're thinking " you know , I bet if we just give this guy a show , sooner or later he 's just going to lose it , blow a gasket , blow a fuse , pop a tire , break the cookie jar , spread the mayonnaise , ratchet the clank , or whatever the kids are calling it these days .
And that will be ratings gold . "
But I got news for you .
This gasket is already well and truly blown .
That tire is already popped -- this guy makes Rush Limbaugh look as solemn and philosophic as one of the founding fathers .
No , we 're at the point of the movie where Thema and Louise and Glenn Beck have driven off that cliff , and the car is hanging in the air , and Beck is fiddling with the radio trying to find a program he likes before we all vicariously hit the ground with him .
We 're at the point of the show where Geraldo is peering into that vault , and there 's Glenn Beck , dusty and vacant - eyed , staring back at him , and even Geraldo can figure out that this is about to be marked in the annals of television history , and not in a good way .
This is not Good Touch .
This is Bad Touch .
This is crazy person pornography .
This is an entire show in which an animated courtroom doll shows where all the bad people touched him .
Please ... think of the children .
Is it right to teach our children that such crazy people actually exist ?
Should n't we sweep them under the rug , or put them in special institutions -- is n't that the American way ?
Do n't we have programs to help people like this , so the rest of us do n't have to worry about them ?
Please , Fox News ... please give Glenn " David Koresh Was a Pansy " Beck the help he needs .
Oxycontin , diaper sex , drunk dialing their own producers , whatever it is that gets conservatives through the day -- please get him some of that .
For the children ?
April 30 , 2009
A few weeks ago , I had the chance to visit eBay , meet briefly with Oliver Ratzesberger and his team , and then catch up later with Oliver for dinner .
I ’ve already alluded to those discussions in a couple of posts , specifically on MapReduce ( which eBay does n’t like ) and the astonishingly great difference between high - and low - end disk drives ( to which eBay clued me in ) .
Now I ’m finally getting around to writing about the core of what we discussed , which is two of the very largest data warehouses in the world .
Metrics on eBay ’s main Teradata data warehouse include :
> 2 petabytes of user data
10s of 1000s of users
Millions of queries per day
72 nodes
> 140 GB / sec of I/O , or 2 GB / node / sec , or maybe that ’s a peak when the workload is scan - heavy
or maybe that ’s a peak when the workload is scan - heavy 100s of production databases being fed in
Metrics on eBay ’s Greenplum data warehouse ( or , if you like , data mart ) include :
6 1/2 petabytes of user data
17 trillion records
150 billion new records / day , which seems to suggest an ingest rate well over 50 terabytes / day
96 nodes
200 MB / node / sec of I/O ( that ’s the order of magnitude difference that triggered my post on disk drives )
of I/O ( that ’s the order of magnitude difference that triggered my post on disk drives ) 4.5 petabytes of storage
70 % compression
A small number of concurrent users
e Bay ’s Teradata installation is a full enterprise data warehouse .
Besides size and scope , it is most notable for its implementation of Oliver ’s misleadingly named analytics - as - a - service vision .
In essence , eBay spins out dozens of virtual data marts , which :
Combine views and aggregations on the central data warehouse with ( optionally ) additional “ private ” data the data mart user loads in .
Are usually < 5 terabytes in size , and indeed often < 500 gigabytes .
Can be created “ instantaneously ” by setting permissions , resource quotas , and the like .
The whole scheme relies heavily on Teradata ’s workload management software to deliver with assurance on many SLAs ( Service - Level Agreements ) at once .
Resource partitions are a key concept in all this .
So far as I can tell , eBay uses Greenplum to manage one kind of data — web and network event logs .
These seem to be managed primarily at two levels of detail —
Oliver said that the 17 trillion event detail records reduce to 1 trillion real event records .
When I asked where the 17:1 ratio comes from , Oliver explained that a single web page click — which is what is memorialized in an event record — resulted in 50 - 150 details .
That leaves a missing factor of 3 - 8X , but perhaps other less complex kinds of events are also mixed in .
The Greenplum metrics I quoted above represent over 100 days of data .
Ultimately , eBay expects to keep 90 - 180 days of ultimate detail , and > 1 years of event data .
The 6 1/2 petabyte figure comes from dividing 2 terabytes of compressed data by ( 100 % - 70 % ) .
Since that all fits on a 4 1 / 2 petabyte system , I presume there ’s only one level of mirroring ( duh ) , not much temp space , and even less in the way of indexes .
Two uses of eBay ’s Greenplum database are disclosed — whittling down from detailed to click - level event data , and sessionization .
The latter seems to be done in batch runs and take 30 minutes per day .
A couple of other uses are undisclosed .
I assume eBay is doing something that requires UDFs ( User - Defined Functions ) , because Oliver remarked that he likes the language choices offered by Greenplum ’s Postgres - based UDF capability .
But basically eBay ’s Greenplum database is used for and evidently does very nicely at :
Data ingest — it ’s the first place log data goes
Feeding the Teradata database
A small number of big queries
e Bay ’s Teradata database handles the rest .
Related links :
Comments
YouTube , by pulling music videos off its site in the UK , is using a sledgehammer to crack a nut , punishing innocent songwriters in the process .
Google , the site 's owner , accuse the Perfoming Rights Society of being greedy in negotiations , but what they conveniently fail to mention is the pittance that they pay for the professional content on YouTube .
The PRS is not a big corporate giant like Google – it does n't have shareholders that need to see a profit - it 's simply a society set up to collect royalties on behalf of songwriters for the use of their compositions and to represent them in negotiations .
In the agreement Google made with the PRS in 2007 , they tied the collection society to a confidentiality agreement , which means that they 're not even allowed to tell their own members the details of the deal .
But , as a songwriter myself , I can tell you that most songwriters have n't seen any income from YouTube at all , since a music video has to be viewed hundreds of thousands of time , to take it over the required threshold where you even get a payment .
I 've been told that videos by Coldplay and similar acts would make a couple of hundred pounds , at most , for getting millions of hits on a single video .
Another point that Google has failed to address is that a large part of the content they have or plan to take down is music written by people who are not covered by the PRS .
The expression " using a sledgehammer to crack a nut " comes to mind .
Andrew Shaw , managing director of broadcast and online for the PRS , tells me that Google actually only pay anything at all for the music they license in three to four countries .
One of the disagreements in the negotiations between Google and the PRS is over providing data .
Google wants the PRS to give them a list of who they represent and what songs and then Google will pay those composers if they get enough hits .
The PRS want Google to give them the data of all that is being streamed on their site , and then they 'll tell Google which songs are covered by the PRS .
Surely the latter method would mean more checks and balances .
" I 'm not insinuating that Google would in any way be dishonest , " says Shaw , " but if we agree to trust them to pay our members accurately , it will set precedent for any other deal we make " .
Some argue , as Johnny Vaughan did on his show this morning , that music videos are promotion , so songwriters should n't get paid at all .
But it 's becoming apparent that streaming - instead of owning - is how more and more music fans choose to enjoy their music , as they do n't want or need to clog up their hard drives with huge catalogues of songs .
It 's ironic that Vaughan would make such a statement , when the difference between Capital Radio and YouTube streaming is that the listener actually gets to choose what they listen to .
As Rob Dickins , the former chairman of Warner Music UK , once said : " It 's promotional when you play my record when I want you to ! "
The PRS has been in negotiations with sites like MySpace for years and never blocked them from using music while the negotiations are ongoing .
My guess is that Google are trying to force PRS's hand by taking down all this content and trying to portray them as greedy and backwards thinking .
A shrewd move , as they 've gagged the collection society from revealing the real facts and details of the , no doubt , paltry deal that is on offer .
Lindvall is a member of the Swedish collection society STIM
Because I think that the price of a solar panel is still pretty high ( in Europe ) , and because the stimulation from our government ( in the Netherlands ) is not so good ( very , very complicated and time consuming ) I started the project of building my own solar panel .
I would like to invite anyone who has some experience with this or is interested in it , to give me any advice or remarks about it .
The main challenge is to build a panel that can withstand heat , cold , rain and hail for many years .
Buying My First Solar Cells
In October 2008 I bought my first 100 cells via Ebay .
But as I later learned , they were still very expensive : 300 Euros for 100 cells , including shipping .
I was told they should produce 1,98 Watt each .
Below a picture :
The First Solar Cells
After some experimenting and very long brainstorming about how to continue , I found another seller on Ebay who had the same cells ( of which he gave the specification that they were 1,75 Wp each … … )
But these were slightly damaged .
Well I decided to buy 500 cells , a mix of 3 different qualities .
The seller had not counted these cells but there were 620 cells , of which after a first selection , just over 500 were reasonably good .
Not a bad deal to start with .
And a lot cheaper !
Also now I had over 100 cells for practice on soldering and handling .
The 620 Cells .
Building the First Small Panel .
Well I got started .
Beginning with the soldering - technique , that takes some practice , but after a while you get the hang of it .
And now my first small experimental panel is ready !
The main focus and moreover challenge is to get the cells 100 % sealed : air and water tight .
The cheapest solution for me is to make a double - glass construction .
And the cells in between the 2 plates of glass .
The panel is made of 12 cells , each 0.55 Volts .
On the picture below you can see many purple coloured wires .
Those wires are each connected in between each cell so afterwards I can still do some measurements to compare each separate cell .
My First Do-it - yourself Solar Panel
The First Measurements in the Sun
I must say that at first I was worried whether I would see the cells really produce the power they should .
But after building a variable resistance ( making it possible for me to roughly find the maximum power point ) the sun at last was shining ( not much sunshine here beginning of February ) and I got my first real measurement : 15,5 Watt .
According to the specifications the panel should give a maximum of 12 x 1,75 W = 21 Wp .
Given the fact that the glass takes away about 10 % of the power , without the glass it would have been about 17 Watt .
I expect that during summer as the sun rises much higher above the horizon , the measurement will give higher readings , thus coming closer to the specifications ….
I am using normal 4 mm ( 0.16 inch ) glass because it costs me nothing .
If you just look around near places were they renovate old houses you can get the old glass for free … …
This compared to the real stuff they use for solarpanels which is quite expensive and probably very difficult to find .
Influence of Heating the Panel in the Sun .
During the first measurements , I found that the heating up of the panel was pretty strong .
But this especially was the case for the backside .
were the cells are glued upon ( using the same kit I used for glueing and sealing the panel ) .
This panel is 12 mm ( 0.47 inch ) thick : 2 plates of glass each 4 mm ( 0.16 inch ) and 4 mm in between .
What troubles me is the temperature - difference between the front and backplate of glass .
This will result in different expansions creating stress on the sealing , if that is repeated too often it will start leaking .
Now I am using the same kit as is being used in solar panel factories .
But it still worries me .
A solution can be to keep the panels small , so the difference in expansion stays minimal .
Improvements
A solution to the temperature - problem can also be to make the gap between the 2 plates of glass smaller .
So the heat will be more evenly dissipated to both the front and backside ( thereby also creating more cooling capacity ) .
My next panel ( picture below ) is the same size , the difference is the distance between the 2 plates of glass : it is now 1.5 mm ( 0.059 inch ) ….. and this also makes the sealing a lot easier and thereby better .
I have used pieces of copper winding wire that I happened to have : 1.2 mm ( 0.047 inch ) thick .
I took several pieces of about 3 cm and spread them evenly along the side on the glass backplate .
Then the kit along them all around the full edge .
And finally pressed the front plate on it .
The result is a gap between the plates somewhere between 1.2 mm and 1.5 mm .
So on the inside , there is some trapped air ( with , of course , a certain amount of humidity in it ) , which can potentially cause condensation .
But my hope is that the amount of that is so small ( only very small amount of air …… ) that it will not be a factor …… ( In the first panel I did put some stuff that can “ eat ” the condensation .
I got this out of old double glass that I separated , the stuff is inside the aluminium strips between the double glass edges )
The Improved Panel
The kit will have to dry for a few days , but anyhow the weather forecast does not indicate any sunshine the coming days ………
First Results
Bottom line is that if the output of each cell really hits 1,75 Wp then I can come to a price of Euro 1,20 per Wp ( or even lower than that …. )
And with such a price the panel will not have to last for 20 years …….. but off course that is my aim !
That will be the main challenge !
But I must say with this second panel my hopes are getting higher .
You can find more ( and more up to date ) information on my website
Well , who feels like building panels also ?
Or give me some advice , or share experience .
I do not mind getting negative critics because they might be correct ……… and they are there to be solved !
Next Phase
Update : 15 februari 2010 :
The first systeem of 400 Wp is now fully functional and produced it ’s first electricity .
The cost price is now around $ 1.68 per Wp and is expected to drop to $ 1.10 .
More information about the next phase in the project can be read in the article DIY Built Solarpanel Installation Now Operational .
Stafford wo n’t talk to shrink , so 49ers do n’t want him
The 49ers are apparently concerned with quarterback prospect Matthew Stafford because he wo n’t open up to a psychologist about his parent ’s divorce .
A report in the San Francisco Chronicle suggests Stafford was uncomfortable answering questions at the NFL combine last month from a team psychologist regarding his parents ’ divorce .
Niners head coach Mike Singletary told KNBR ( 680 AM ) in San Francisco this week that “ if you ’re going to look at drafting a guy in the first round , and you ’re going to pay him millions of dollars , and asking him about a divorce about his parents , if that ’s going to be an issue , uhhh , then you know what , maybe he does n’t belong here . ”
Stafford , a potential first - round draft pick , told the Detroit Free Press that the psychologist presumed Stafford had “ unfinished business ” about his parents ’ split in high school .
I guess Singletary has a point in that , if a team is going to pay a prospect millions of dollars in the NFL , then it has a right to know as much about the player as possible .
But this is a bit absurd .
Stafford is only 21 years old – he ’s still a kid .
Him not wanting to open up to a stranger about a painful topic does n’t mean he ’s a bad egg or that he has psychological problems .
It just means that he ’d like to handle the manner in his own way and that does n’t involve talking to a shrink .
Considering Singletary pulled his pants down in front of his team to make a point during a halftime speech last year , maybe he should be the one seeing a psychologist and not Stafford .
When I give presentations , watch movies from the sofa in my office , or need to start a task away from my desk , I do n't want to be within arm 's length of my mouse .
So I appreciate the freedom offered by Air Mouse Pro ( $ 6 , buy - only ) , a full - featured remote control from R.P.A.
Tech .
The top half of the Air Mouse Pro Screen features a two - button trackpad , while the bottom half gives you a keyboard , along with controls for browsing the Web and playing movies and music .
Using the accelerometer and touchscreen of either an iPhone or iPod touch , Air Mouse works over a local Wi -Fi network to control you computer 's mouse and keyboard .
Before using the app , you do need to install a small application on your computer - there 's a version for both Mac OS X and Windows users - which manages the connection and controls many of the mouse and keyboard settings .
The Air Mouse Pro screen features a two - button trackpad on the top half of the screen , while the bottom half switches between media control buttons and a keyboard .
I found Air Mouse Pro to be as responsive and stable as my current wireless mouse , with touchscreen mousing no different using a computer trackpad .
Using the accelerometer to control mouse gestures is comparable to using a the controls for a Nintendo Wii-fun , though not always practical .
You wo n't write novels with the app's keyboard , for example .
But when combined with customizable keyboard shortcuts , Air Mouse Pro can be handy for conducting fast searches , launching applications , or , as Macworld editors have noted elsewhere , running a Mac - based media center .
That said , the set of buttons for controlling iTunes and Web browsing , while useful , make the omission of presentation controls all the more glaring .
Still , Mobile Air Mouse is a genuinely fun and practical application for anyone who needs to break free of the desk .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Bankruptcy is coming to the food court .
And that 's got to make you wonder if the commercial real estate market is a disaster waiting to happen .
General Growth Properties , the nation 's second largest operator of shopping malls , filed for Chapter 11 protection Thursday morning .
That makes General Growth ( GGP ) the biggest retail casualty yet of this recession , a downturn that also led to the bankruptcies of Circuit City , Linens 'N Things and Steve & Barry's .
Several U.S. companies could be affected by this development .
According to General Growth 's bankruptcy filing , one of the company 's largest unsecured creditors is Bank of New York Mellon ( BK , Fortune 500 ) -- although it is listed as a trustee for other creditors .
Another bank listed as having unsecured claims , Delaware - based Wilmington Trust ( WL ) , announced later Thursday that it is serving as a trustee for corporate clients with claims and does not have any direct exposure to the bankruptcy .
Retailers Sephora and Borders were also listed as creditors .
As this recession continues to drag on , there are legitimate worries that General Growth could be part of a larger trend .
" Losses in commercial real estate will rise across the financial sector throughout the year , " said Keith Hembre , chief economist with First American Funds in Minneapolis .
Hembre said that banks have an estimated $ 1 trillion worth of exposure to commercial real estate .
That 's about half as large as exposure to consumer residential loans -- but still a very significant risk for already bruised banks .
The Federal Reserve reported Wednesday in its so - called Beige Book report of economic activity around the country that " commercial real estate investment activity weakened further " since the last Beige Book report in March .
What 's more , there were reports by the Fed 's regional banks of " more stringent requirements for commercial real estate loans due to worries of worsening loan quality in the sector . "
None of that is surprising .
After all , as unemployment rises , it stands to reason that corporate tenants would require less space in shopping centers and office buildings .
" Historically , commercial real estate is one of the last areas to experience a downturn , " Hembre said .
" Employment is the driver that determines occupancy . "
However , some investors believe that the commercial real estate market wo n't wind up completely melting down .
For one thing , commercial real estate prices did n't get as out of whack with reality as residential real estate did .
" Things are tough in commercial real estate .
Values are declining and are likely to continue to do so for awhile , " said Kevin Means , managing partner with Alpha Equity Management , a Hartford , Conn . - based money manager .
" But the reason why it wo n't be as bad as with mortgages is that residential properties are based on many private decisions of personal home owners who are somewhat driven by emotion , " Means added .
" There are wider swings in value than what you see with the more disciplined activity in the commercial market .
So there was n't as much of a bubble . "
In addition , it 's worth pointing out that General Growth 's bankruptcy does not come out of the blue .
The company has been reeling for months and was widely viewed as one of the weaker real estate investment trusts , or REITs .
Other REITs have been doing a better job of managing their balance sheets .
In the past few weeks , mall owner Simon Property Group ( SPG ) , shopping center owners Kimco Realty ( KIM ) and Equity One ( EQY ) and warehouse developer ProLogis ( PLD , Fortune 500 ) all took advantage of the stock market 's recent rally to successfully sell new shares to the public .
Each company intends to use some of the proceeds from these offerings to pay down debt .
" Companies are not going bankrupt en masse , " said Michael Cuggino , president of Pacific Heights Asset Management , a San Francisco - based investment firm that owned Kimco and ProLogis as of year - end .
" Some REITs are raising capital when they have the chance and are being proactive about their debt instead of waiting until the last minute . "
Hembre agreed that there is a shakeout now taking place in the real estate sector and winners and losers are emerging .
So even though the General Growth bankruptcy is certainly a bad sign , it may not be the beginning of a massive wave of real estate bankruptcies .
" Stronger companies have access to capital and will gain market share , " he said .
" Weaker companies just wo n't be around for much longer . "
Want a Money Makeover ?
E-mail us at makeover@moneymail.com .
For the CNNMoney.com Comment Policy , click here .
BY MISREADING the risk in mortgage - backed securities and other “ structured ” products , the rating agencies Standard & Poor 's , Moody 's and Fitch played starring roles in the failure of finance .
Their punishment ?
Oddly , the further entrenchment of their dominance , thanks to the Federal Reserve .
The Fed 's lending programmes , such as its commercial - paper facility and the Term Asset - Backed Securities Loan Facility ( TALF ) , accept only collateral that has been appraised by a “ major ” rating agency , ie , one of the big three .
This marks a setback for the seven rating firms that have been recognised by the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) more recently , including DBRS and Egan - Jones .
It also sets the Fed in conflict with the SEC , which introduced reforms in 2006 to promote competition by speeding up the approval process for rating agencies .
The Fed has promised to consider expanding the list of eligible raters , but Ben Bernanke , its chairman , recently said he was “ comfortable ” with the big three 's revamped ratings models .
Their rewards could be handsome : up to $ 400 m in TALF - related fees alone , reckons Richard Blumenthal , Connecticut 's attorney - general .
He has launched an antitrust probe and accuses the Fed of “ rewarding the same companies that helped burn down the house ” .
Keen to restore securitisation 's credibility , Wall Street 's main trade groups , too , want the TALF opened up to smaller rating agencies .
Dan Curry , head of DBRS 's American business , notes that the Resolution Trust Corporation , which cleaned up the savings - and - loan mess in the 1990s , insisted on using firms of all sizes to rate the mortgage securities it issued .
That gave a lift to upstarts , including Fitch .
“ Public agencies have tremendous power to influence the industry 's structure in times of crisis , ” he argues .
The inspector - general for the government 's financial - rescue efforts this week urged the Treasury to scrap the use of credit ratings for TALF securities altogether and do the screening itself .
That may seem far - fetched because investors still find comfort in ratings ( a proposal to reduce money - market funds ' reliance on ratings was shelved last year after the largest funds voiced opposition ) .
But better no ratings at all , perhaps , than those of a discredited oligopoly supported by a short - sighted central bank .
One Laptop Per Child is planning to end the production of its XO - 1 laptop as well as drop AMD ’s x86 Geode processor .
OLPC intends to replace these with a low - powered ARM alternative in the XO - 2 laptop , which is slated for release in about 18 months .
Even though the current XO - 1 model consumes a mere five watts , OLPC feels thats the biggest problem .
“ We ’re seeing some very impressive system - on - chip designs that provide both fundamentally low - power demands and the kind of fine - grained power management … in the XO - 1 , ” said Ed McNierney , chief technology officer at OLPC .
Though using ARM architecture will reduce power consumption , it puts using the full - fledged Windows OS on their laptops in jeopardy .
The company is currently wrestling Microsoft in order to try to get them to develop a full version of Windows to be able to run on ARM processors .
It ’s not likely Microsoft will budge on the subject as ingrained as x86 is and how seemingly little there is in it for them , but we ’ve been surprised before .
What is below is very speculative .
Like this blog , it is a work in progress .
Xenophon , Memorabilia III .10.6 - 8 , translation Amy Bonnette :
When he [ Socrates ] visited the sculptor Cleiton once and conversed with him , he said , “ That the runners , wrestlers , boxers , and pancratists that you make , Cleiton , are beautiful I both see and know .
But how do you work into your statues what especially draws the souls of human beings through their sense of sight , namely , the appearance of being alive ? ”
And when Cleiton , perplexed , did not answer quickly , he said , “ Is it by likening what you make to the forms of living beings that you make your statues appear more lifelike ? ”
“ Yes , indeed , ” he said .
“ Do you , accordingly , by making likenesses of what in bodies is pulled up and down by the postures , and what is squeezed together , pulled apart , stretched tight , and relaxed , make them appear more similar to true bodies and more persuasive ? ”
“ Certainly , ” he said .
“ And does n’t the imitation also of the passions of the bodies that are doing something cause a certain joy in those who behold it ? ”
“ It ’s plausible , at any rate , ” he said .
“ Should one , then , make likenesses also of the threatening eyes of those who are fighting , and imitate the look of those delighting in the victory they have won ? ”
“ Exceedingly so , ” he said .
“ Then the sculptor must make likenesses of the passions of the soul by means of the form . ”
The issue is not beauty ; it is the “ appearance of being alive . ”
Since the “ appearance ” depends on making something “ lifelike , ” the question is literally that of human being .
After all , a “ likeness ” is not just any sort of “ image : ” it is inasmuch it is not the thing it resembles .
That logic implies that if you understand the “ likeness , ” you understand the object it resembles fully ( strictly speaking , you understand something critical to the identity of the original .
I use “ fully ” here because of the theme of creation ) ; you know in what aspects they are duplicate , and in what aspects they differ .
This is , of course , a beautiful thought .
While it drives certain aspects of philosophy , it really drives theology and any extended reflection on nobility .
Recall that we come to understand the divine things by analogy .
It is not accidental that Socrates has chosen a sculptor to discuss this topic ; a “ lifelike ” statue seems to be lifelike even though it is still .
But life properly speaking is n’t “ being ” – it is situated in “ becoming , ” motion .
And would n’t you know , but a still statue has many components resembling motion within it .
Each “ appearance ” is that of a thing in motion , and the whole is a moment that captures what is / who is a particular runner or boxer or whoever .
The philosophic aspect of this teaching is in the terms “ pulled apart : ” philosophy is the practice of dying and being dead ; to analyze is to separate body from soul for every thing thought through .
The “ being ” here is composed of “ appearances ” of “ becoming , ” i.e. other “ beings ” that are incomplete , states of objects captured in time .
One can not say “ this is X ” and then attribute its own history to it in subject / predicate form : “ X did such and such at 0800 , ” for the “ essence ” is n’t revealing the object , the object ’s history is demonstrating the essence .
Now that last notion is not a hard and fast rule : we note that human reason works differently depending on what we want to do .
What is “ reasonable ” logic in one situation does not fit another .
Sometimes it will be the case we know something thoroughly , and we will be watching it play itself out over time .
But in another case – especially that regarding the animate – we do n’t really know , we ca n’t really know .
We “ know ” the animate through the character of their choice , not even the precise choice itself .
We “ know ” the character because we relate to certain passions and certain results .
Why is “ know ” in scare quotes ?
Because this is obviously not knowing ; we have been divorced from philosophy yet again .
The sculptor makes likenesses of the passions of the soul by means of the form ; the philosopher does not .
The sculptor depicts victory and shows victorious people which we rejoice in .
We ’re back to nobility , and yet it seems almost no words have passed on the page .
The separation occurred shortly after “ pulled apart : ” the depiction of the passions to cause joy or any other emotion is not an inquiry into what is , as much as an attempt to create what is .
That attempt , quite obviously , has a crudity built into it : we do n’t understand fully what we ’re trying to shape , but are creating nonetheless .
The philosopher is merely holding back and trying to see life for what it is , and in that sense stands outside of life .
The Javascript trap I willingly step into
A response to Richard Stallman ’s The Javascript trap
We used to live in the world where software was the essential value in computing .
It would take years for companies to develop software , which then would be sold .
Users would buy software , install it and run it .
This is the world that Richard Stallman decided to change .
Thanks to him Free Software exploded in popularity .
Because of the growing number of people contributing to Free Software , its quality became comparable and then superior to that of proprietary software .
Companies began to take notice .
Richard Stallman won this battle .
The scales have been tipped : with a few exceptions , it now makes more economic sense for companies to release much of their work as Free Software ( or at the very least give some freedoms to users ) than to keep the cards to themselves .
There are benefits : aside from the good press , they can tap into a developer community , get improvements , coexist with other software .
However , in recent years , value has shifted from software to services .
Software itself has less and less value , as it becomes easier to write , and as more of it gets created .
It used to be that people would pay for a web server — today they have a number of free choices and no one in their right mind considers developing yet another web server .
Many software component types become commodities .
Since it is easier to get lots of good software , we tend to do more with our computers .
Our time is more limited , so we place value on things which did n’t matter ten years ago .
Convenience and time are major considerations .
Another important factor is software maintenance : there is so much software being developed so rapidly that keeping up becomes an issue .
That ’s why these days we see more and more online applications .
It is n’t because they are better than desktop applications : they are n’t .
It ’s because they are more convenient to use .
You do n’t have to install , you do n’t have to update and most importantly , you gain additional functionality only available online .
It could be storage , backup , online synchronization , data feeds or processing , but without it the application loses a lot of its appeal , or does n’t make sense at all .
So , many of these online applications are really services with an application frontend .
Many people do n’t really care if they are able to modify the Javascript that is being shipped to their browser and run there .
The reason for this is economic — it does n’t make sense to invest time and effort into modifying the code .
The reason we ’re using someone else ’s code and service in the first place is to save time and gain convenience .
And in the online world it is n’t the application that has value : it ’s the combination of application and service .
When considering Richard Stallman ’s point of view , you should think about where to draw the line .
Do you require your service providers to use Free Software exclusively ?
If so , you might agree with Richard and you might want to require that all Javascript shipped to your browser be free .
But for some people the Javascript in the browser is really a part of the service — or part of the service providers infrastructure — and just as they do n’t require the provider to only use Free Software , they do n’t necessarily require all the Javascript to be under a Free Software License .
And more importantly , there is no point in replacing or modifying this code .
The whole point of using the code in the first place was to get the service from someone else , instead of writing code oneself .
I have nothing against the conventions proposed by Stallman for free Javascript programs ( although I am not a fan of GPLv3 and I do have reservations about all versions of the GPL ) .
However , I think the issue is much less important that it is made out to be .
I willingly step into “ The Javascript trap ” , because I do not , and never will want to modify parts of my service provider ’s code .
If I become unhappy with it , I will simply stop using the service .
You Tube
Rachel Maddow talks to Byron Dorgan who back in 1999 warned about repealing the Glass - Steagall Act of 1933 .
I mean how on earth can we forget the lessons that were so important that we learned so well and with such pain about seven decades prior ?
Dorgan :
Well I 'm not necessarily sure I saw this big a crisis but I said at the time to the banks that if you want to gamble go to Las Vegas .
I mean this was not about a crystal ball .
It was just common sense at the time .
You know in the 1930's we saw banks merge with you know real estate and security risks and the whole thing collapsed in the 20's and 30's and so we put in place , I was n't here , but we put in place laws like Glass - Steagall to prevent all of that and then 1999 we were told that 's all old fashioned .
Let 's strip that away and allow big financial holding companies one stop financial shopping and I thought it was nuts .
Maddow :
Did you really foresee that there would be a crisis this big ?
Good question Senator .
From the article a reminder on just who was right and who was wrong back in 1999 :
Senator Paul Wellstone , Democrat of Minnesota , said that Congress had " seemed determined to unlearn the lessons from our past mistakes . "
" I think we will look back in 10 years ' time and say we should not have done this but we did because we forgot the lessons of the past , and that that which is true in the 1930's is true in 2010 , " said Senator Byron L. Dorgan , Democrat of North Dakota .
" I was n't around during the 1930's or the debate over Glass - Steagall .
But I was here in the early 1980's when it was decided to allow the expansion of savings and loans .
We have now decided in the name of modernization to forget the lessons of the past , of safety and of soundness . "
" Scores of banks failed in the Great Depression as a result of unsound banking practices , and their failure only deepened the crisis , '' Mr. Wellstone said .
'' Glass - Steagall was intended to protect our financial system by insulating commercial banking from other forms of risk .
It was one of several stabilizers designed to keep a similar tragedy from recurring .
Now Congress is about to repeal that economic stabilizer without putting any comparable safeguard in its place . "
Supporters of the legislation rejected those arguments .
They responded that historians and economists have concluded that the Glass - Steagall Act was not the correct response to the banking crisis because it was the failure of the Federal Reserve in carrying out monetary policy , not speculation in the stock market , that caused the collapse of 11,000 banks .
If anything , the supporters said , the new law will give financial companies the ability to diversify and therefore reduce their risks .
The new law , they said , will also give regulators new tools to supervise shaky institutions .
" The concerns that we will have a meltdown like 1929 are dramatically overblown , " said Senator Bob Kerrey , Democrat of Nebraska .
Others said the legislation was essential for the future leadership of the American banking system .
" If we do n't pass this bill , we could find London or Frankfurt or years down the road Shanghai becoming the financial capital of the world , '' said Senator Charles E. Schumer , Democrat of New York .
'' There are many reasons for this bill , but first and foremost is to ensure that U.S. financial firms remain competitive . "
But other lawmakers criticized the provisions of the legislation aimed at discouraging community groups from pressing banks to make more loans to the disadvantaged .
Representative Maxine Waters , Democrat of California , said during the House debate that the legislation was '' mean - spirited in the way it had tried to undermine the Community Reinvestment Act . ''
And Representative Barney Frank , Democrat of Massachusetts , said it was ironic that while the legislation was deregulating financial services , it had begun a new system of onerous regulation on community advocates .
Many experts predict that , even though the legislation has been trailing market trends that have begun to see the cross - ownership of banks , securities firms and insurers , the new law is certain to lead to a wave of large financial mergers .
The White House has estimated the legislation could save consumers as much as $ 18 billion a year as new financial conglomerates gain economies of scale and cut costs .
Other experts have disputed those estimates as overly optimistic , and said that the bulk of any profits seen from the deregulation of financial services would be returned not to customers but to shareholders .
These are some of the key provisions of the legislation :
* Banks will be able to affiliate with insurance companies and securities concerns with far fewer restrictions than in the past .
* The legislation preserves the regulatory structure in Washington and gives the Federal Reserve and the Office of Comptroller of the Currency roles in regulating new financial conglomerates .
The Securities and Exchange Commission will oversee securities operations at any bank , and the states will continue to regulate insurance .
* It will be more difficult for industrial companies to control a bank .
The measure closes a loophole that had permitted a number of commercial enterprises to open savings associations known as unitary thrifts .
One Republican Senator , Richard C. Shelby of Alabama , voted against the legislation .
He was joined by seven Democrats : Barbara Boxer of California , Richard H. Bryan of Nevada , Russell D. Feingold of Wisconsin , Tom Harkin of Iowa , Barbara A. Mikulski of Maryland , Mr. Dorgan and Mr. Wellstone .
In the House , 155 Democrats and 207 Republicans voted for the measure , while 51 Democrats , 5 Republicans and 1 independent opposed it .
Fifteen members did not vote .
In the early 1980s NME featured a column called Portrait of the Artist as a Consumer .
Every week a musician listed their favourite records , books , films and TV , maybe an artist or two , sometimes clothes or food .
Typically , there 'd be a mixture of eternal talismans and fleeting fancies .
Now magazines are littered with charticles , lists and celeb - related space - filler of every kind , but back then it was a striking and original move : Portrait of the Artist as a Consumer revealed the star as a fan , the creator as a punter .
At its most interesting , the result was a splayed - out map to a singer or group 's aesthetic .
So when the Birthday Party 's Nick Cave and Rowland S Howard did one , their checklist – which included Wise Blood , Johnny Cash , Night of the Hunter , Lee Hazelwood , Morticia Adams – was a perfect cross-section of southern gothic and trash Americana that helped explain the group 's transition from their early style ( Rimbaud / Baudelaire meets Ubu / Beefheart ) to the pulpy guignol of Junkyard and the Bad Seed and Mutiny !
EPs .
Certainly there had been a few artists in rock prior to this who'd gone further than idle interview chat about influences , performers whose music came attached with a sort of invisible reading and movie - watching list : Bowie , obviously , with songs about Andy Warhol and extremist performance artist Chris Burden ; Roxy Music , to a slightly less overt degree .
This became more of a fixture during the intensely bookish post - punk era ( which makes sense , given that so many of them were fans of Bowie , Bryan and Brian ) .
Recently , some of our more erudite bloggers have deployed the notion of the " portal " to describe the way a certain type of band ( The Smiths , Manic Street Preachers ) directed their fans to rich sources of brain - food , a whole universe of inspiration and ideas beyond music .
Post - punk was rife with figures like Howard Devoto or Mark E Smith whose lyrics or interviews might turn you on to Dostoevsky or Wyndham Lewis .
Being a Throbbing Gristle fan was like enrolling in a university course of cultural extremism .
In a different corner of the post - punk world , Paul Weller placed clues for Jam fans with All Mod Cons ' inner - sleeve tableau of mod fetishes ; he 'd return to this idea of mod as hyper - discerning consumerism with the cover of the Style Council 's Our Favourite Shop .
Perhaps any really interesting band has a map of taste buried within their music for the obsessive fan to dig out .
But what started to happen in the early 80s – exactly around the time NME was doing Portrait of the Artist as a Consumer – was that the taste map became a lot more explicit and exposed .
The aesthetic co-ordinates not only rose to the surface of the group 's output , but in some sense functioned as an integral part of the music itself .
With the Smiths this came through not just in the myriad allusions in the lyrics ( many sampled verbatim from films , plays , novels ) but also the systematic iconography of the record - sleeve images chosen by Morrissey .
After leaving the Birthday Party , Nick Cave began signposting those deep south Americana influences in earnest across his early solo work , covering Elvis Presley 's
In the Ghetto and wrapping The Firstborn is Dead in Folkways - style ethnographic sleevenotes .
Then he literalised the artist as consumer notion with Kicking Against the Pricks , his 1986 covers album , which laid out a smorgasbord of all the things from which he and the Bad Seeds drew artistic nourishment : blues , country , and the epic balladry of Gene Pitney and Glenn Campbell , a style he described as " entertainment music , although some might call it corn " .
Cave was announcing his evolution from shaman to showman , from Dionysian exhibitionist to storyteller and character actor .
The impact of this trajectory on his impressionable fan - flock is one thing that comes through in the series of documentaries made by artist duo Iain Forsyth and Jane Pollard to accompany each of Mute Records 's deluxe Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds reissues , which launch on 27 April with the four - album stretch from From Her to Eternity to Your Funeral … My Trial .
But what actually reminded me of the Portrait of the Artist as a Consumer column was the new album by another veteran of the same 80s noise / sickness scene that Nick Cave passed through : Sonic Youth .
The Eternal is their first release for Matador after leaving Geffen and the major - label sector .
According to the press release , virtually every song contains a nod towards an artist admired by Sonic Youth .
So Sacred Trickster doubles as a salute to artist Yves Klein and the band Noise Nomads .
Anti-Orgasm was inspired by Uschi Obermeier , a German counterculture icon who first lived in Amon Düül 's Munich commune , then joined Berlin 's supremely nonconformist Kommune 1 .
Leaky Lifeboat ( for Gregory Corso ) is based on the Beat poet 's metaphor for life on Earth , while Thunderclap for Bobby Pyn is named after an alter ego used by Darby Crash , suicidal frontman of Los Angeles punk legends the Germs .
( Now I know what my favourite Ariel Pink tune , The Ballad of Bobby Pyn refers to ) .
Other songs contain sonic echoes of or riff - citations from the Dead C , Neu ! , Kevin Ayers , Sonic 's Rendezvous Band and the Wipers .
Even the artwork is homage : it 's a painting by the late John Fahey .
So The Eternal is literally a self - portrait of the artists as consumers .
With a few exceptions , each song is a byproduct of Sonic Youth 's culture - vulture virtuosity at locating choice morsels of carrion left behind by vintage vanguards and bygone extremists .
This has always been an aspect of Sonic Youth , from Death Valley ' 69 ( inspired by the Manson Family and the moment the 60s trip turned heavy ) through the Ciccone Youth side project with its conceptual - karaoke takes on Madonna and Robert Palmer songs offset by the hipster esotericism of Two Cool Rock Chicks Listening to Neu !
( this was back when knowing about Neu ! was n't virtually middlebrow like it is today , as the records were still out of print ) .
I know people for whom Sonic Youth functioned absolutely as a portal band , an entry point for them into an underground wonderworld of dissident noisemaking and neo - beat bohemia stretching across several decades .
There are plenty of other bands who do this kind of heavily referential work ( Stereolab and Saint Etienne spring to mind ) but listening to The Eternal , I suddenly started thinking about how it was an odd place from which to write songs .
At least , looking at it from the standpoint of seeing songs as the expression of personal experience .
It 's not the only standpoint , it 's quite an old - fashioned one , but it does happen to be the approach and mindset of just about all the artistic , literary and musical icons Sonic Youth are honoring on The Eternal .
You can't really imagine Gregory Corso or Darby Crash operating like that .
Their art would be a lot more expressionistic and cathartic and torn from the soul .
No doubt Sonic
Youth have arrayed these touchstones before their audience because they find them imperishably inspirational ( perhaps that 's why it 's called The Eternal ? ) .
And , for sure , it 's perfectly possible to be profoundly moved by works of art in other mediums than the one you work on .
But moved to write a song about it ?
( One tune on The Eternal , Calming the Snake , is apparently Kim Gordon " musing on visions of Death in painting " . )
It all seems oddly meta , to have more in common with the kind of thing that goes on in the art world .
Like the re-enactments done by people such as … well , Iain Forsyth and Jane Pollard ( whose works include the restaging of a legendary fan - bootlegged 1978 Cramps concert at a mental asylum ) .
Or like the artist Phil Collins with the Smiths songs / karaoke video installation the World Wo n't Listen , which is just about to get its UK debut at The Tramway in Glasgow .
Then again , Sonic Youth emerged from a New York scene where the music underground and the avant - garde art world were intimately entwined : Kim Gordon did some writing for Artforum , and they 've often featured work by cutting - edge artists on their sleeves .
Various members of Sonic
Youth would be among the first to have the phrase " curated by " placed in front of their names when they did things like release a series of limited - edition singles or select the lineup for a music festival .
In this light , writing a song about Uschi Obermeier is no different from Gerhard Richter doing his paintings of the Baader - Meinhof gang .
( Indeed , Richter 's famous Candles paintings were used on Daydream Nation 's cover ) .
Listening to Anti-Orgasm , though , I did wonder what the story of a late 60s Berlin kommune that did n't believe in the nuclear family could possibly mean to a happily married , middle - aged couple whose daughter Coco is a couple of years from considering which universities to apply to .
( Sonic Youth itself , whose core lineup has been stable for 24 years , is like a successful marriage . )
It does seem like a curious act of radical retro-chic .
The album ?
It sounds like a Sonic Youth record .
There 'll always be fluctuations within their trademark style – softer to harder , songs -y to noise -y – but their course is essentially settled .
( I do n't see them doing a John Cale and putting out an R&B / G - funk influenced album ) .
For this Daydream Nation lover , slipping back into this sound – the halo of haze churned up by the riff - pummel of Antenna – is cosy , like putting on a worn pair of slippers .
But I can't say I felt anything , exactly , from the songs .
Pollution is the process of making land , water , air or other parts of the environment dirty and not safe or suitable to use .
This can be done through the introduction of a contaminant into a natural environment , but the contaminant does n't need to be tangible .
Things as simple as light , sound and temperature can be considered pollutants when introduced artificially into an environment .
Toxic pollution affects more than 200 million people worldwide , according to Pure Earth , a non-profit environmental organization .
In some of the world 's worst polluted places , babies are born with birth defects , children have lost 30 to 40 IQ points , and life expectancy may be as low as 45 years because of cancers and other diseases .
Read on to find out more about specific types of pollution .
Land pollution
Land can become polluted by household garbage and by industrial waste .
In 2014 , Americans produced about 258 million tons of solid waste , according to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency .
A little over half of the waste — 136 million tons — was gathered in landfills .
Only about 34 % was recycled or composted .
Organic material was the largest component of the garbage generated , the EPA said .
Paper and paperboard accounted for more than 26 % ; food was 15 % and yard trimmings were 13 % .
Plastics comprised about 13 % of the solid waste , while rubber , leather and textiles made up 9.5 % and metals 9 % .
Wood contributed to 6.2 % of the garbage ; glass was 4.4 % and other miscellaneous materials made up about 3 % .
Commercial or industrial waste is a significant portion of solid waste .
According to the University of Utah , industries use 4 million pounds of materials in order to provide the average American family with needed products for one year .
Much of it is classified as non-hazardous , such as construction material ( wood , concrete , bricks , glass , etc. ) and medical waste ( bandages , surgical gloves , surgical instruments , discarded needles , etc. ) .
Hazardous waste is any liquid , solid or sludge waste that contain properties that are dangerous of potentially harmful to human health or the environment .
Industries generate hazardous waste from mining , petroleum refining , pesticide manufacturing and other chemical production .
Households generate hazardous waste as well , including paints and solvents , motor oil , fluorescent lights , aerosol cans and ammunition .
Water pollution
Water pollution happens when chemicals or dangerous foreign substances are introduced to water , including chemicals , sewage , pesticides and fertilizers from agricultural runoff , or metals like lead or mercury .
According to the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) , 44 % of assessed stream miles , 64 % of lakes and 30 % of bay and estuarine areas are not clean enough for fishing and swimming .
The EPA also states that the United State 's most common contaminants are bacteria , mercury , phosphorus and nitrogen .
These come from the most common sources of contaminates , that include agricultural runoff , air deposition , water diversions and channelization of streams .
Water pollution is n't just a problem for the United States .
According to United Nations , 783 million people do not have access to clean water and around 2.5 billion do not have access to adequate sanitation .
Adequate sanitation helps to keep sewage and other contaminants from entering the water supply .
According to National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) , 80 % of pollution in marine environment comes from the land through sources like runoff .
Water pollution can also severely affect marine life .
For example , sewage causes pathogens to grow , while organic and inorganic compounds in water can change the composition of the precious resource .
According to the EPA , low levels of dissolved oxygen in the water are also considered a pollutant .
Dissolved is caused by the decomposition of organic materials , such as sewage introduced into the water .
Warming water can also be harmful .
The artificial warming of water is called thermal pollution .
It can happen when a factory or power plant that is using water to cool its operations ends up discharging hot water .
This makes the water hold less oxygen , which can kill fish and wildlife .
The sudden change of temperature in the body of water can also kill fish .
According to the University of Georgia , it is estimated that around half of the water withdrawn from water systems in the United States each year is used for cooling electric power plants .
" In nearly all cases , 90 % of this water is returned to its source , where it can raise the water temperature in an area immediately surrounding the water discharge pipe .
Depending on water flow , the water temperature quickly returns to ambient temperatures that do not harm fish . "
Donn Dears , former president of TSAugust , a not for profit corporation organization focused on energy issues , told Live Science .
Nutrient pollution , also called eutrophication , is another type of water pollution .
It is when nutrients , such as nitrogen , are added into bodies of water .
The nutrient works like fertilizer and makes algae grow at excessive rates , according to NOAA .
The algae blocks light from other plants .
The plants die and their decomposition leads to less oxygen in the water .
Less oxygen in the water kills aquatic animals .
Air pollution
The air we breathe has a very exact chemical composition ; 99 % of it is made up of nitrogen , oxygen , water vapor and inert gases .
Air pollution occurs when things that are n't normally there are added to the air .
A common type of air pollution happens when people release particles into the air from burning fuels .
This pollution looks like soot , containing millions of tiny particles , floating in the air .
Another common type of air pollution is dangerous gases , such as sulfur dioxide , carbon monoxide , nitrogen oxides and chemical vapors .
These can take part in further chemical reactions once they are in the atmosphere , creating acid rain and smog .
Other sources of air pollution can come from within buildings , such as secondhand smoke .
Finally , air pollution can take the form of greenhouse gases , such as carbon dioxide or sulfur dioxide , which are warming the planet through the greenhouse effect .
According to the EPA , the greenhouse effect is when gases absorb the infrared radiation that is released from the Earth , preventing the heat from escaping .
This is a natural process that keeps our atmosphere warm .
If too many gases are introduced into the atmosphere , though , more heat is trapped and this can make the planet artificially warm , according to Columbia University .
Air pollution kills more than 2 million people each year , according to a study published in the journal of Environmental Research Letters .
The effects of air pollution on human health can vary widely depending on the pollutant , according to Hugh Sealy , professor and director of the environmental and occupational health track at the Department of Public Health and Preventive Medicine , St. George 's University , St. George 's , Grenada .
If the pollutant is highly toxic , the effects on health can be widespread and severe .
For example , the release of methyl isocyanate gas at Union Carbide plant in Bhopal in 1984 killed over 2,000 people , and over 200,000 suffered respiratory problems .
An irritant ( e.g. particulates less than 10 micrometers ) may cause respiratory illnesses , cardiovascular disease and increases in asthma .
" The very young , the old and those with vulnerable immune systems are most at risk from air pollution .
The air pollutant may be carcinogenic ( e.g. some volatile organic compounds ) or biologically active ( e.g. some viruses ) or radioactive ( e.g. radon ) .
Other air pollutants like carbon dioxide have an indirect impact on human health through climate change , " Sealy told Live Science .
Noise pollution
Even though humans can't see or smell noise pollution , it still affects the environment .
Noise pollution happens when the sound coming from planes , industry or other sources reaches harmful levels .
Research has shown that there are direct links between noise and health , including stress - related illnesses , high blood pressure , speech interference , hearing loss .
For example , a study bythe WHO Noise Environmental Burden on Disease working group found that noise pollution may contribute to hundreds of thousands of deaths per year by increasing the rates of coronary heart disease .
Under the Clean Air Act , the EPA can regulate machine and plane noise .
Underwater noise pollution coming from ships has been shown to upset whales ' navigation systems and kill other species that depend on the natural underwater world .
Noise also makes wild species communicate louder , which can shorten their lifespan .
Light pollution
Most people can't imagine living without the modern convenience of electric lights .
For the natural world , though , lights have changed the way that days and nights work .
Some consequences of light pollution are :
Some birds sing at unnatural hours in the presence of artificial light .
Scientists have determined that long artificial days can affect migration schedules , as they allow for longer feeding times .
Streetlights can confuse newly hatched sea turtles that rely on starlight reflecting off the waves to guide them from the beach to the ocean .
They often head in the wrong direction .
Light pollution , called sky glow , also makes it difficult for astronomers , both professional and amateur , to properly see the stars .
Plant 's flowering and developmental patterns can be entirely disrupted by artificial light .
According to a study by the American Geophysical Union , light pollution could also be making smog worse by destroying nitrate radicals that helps the dispersion of smog .
Turning on so many lights may not be necessary .
Research published by International Journal of Science and Research estimates that over - illumination wastes about 2 million barrels of oil per day and lighting is responsible for one - fourth of all energy consumption worldwide .
Other pollution facts :
Americans generate 30 billion foam cups , 220 million tires , and 1.8 billion disposable diapers every year , according to the Green Schools Alliance .
According to the WHO , ambient air pollution contributes to 6.7 % of all deaths worldwide .
The Mississippi River drains the lands of nearly 40 % of the continental United Sates .
It also carries an estimated 1.5 million metric tons of nitrogen pollution into the Gulf of Mexico each year , resulting in a dead zone each summer about the size of New Jersey .
Pollution in China can change weather patterns in the United States .
It takes just five days for the jet stream to carry heavy air pollution from China to the United States , where it stops clouds from producing rain and snow .
About 7 million premature deaths annually linked to air pollution , according to WHO .
That is one in eight deaths worldwide .
Additional resources
Wayne Madsen
Online Journal
Thursday , March 19 , 2009
This editor has covered the news in nasty dictatorships and corruption - ridden countries from Rwanda and Uganda to India and Thailand .
I have also reported on journalists like our colleague John Caylor , who was arrested in Panama City , Florida , while trying to obtain public documents , pursuant to Florida ’s open government law , on that state ’s abuse and even murder of prison inmates .
In the eight years of the Bush - Cheney administration , I covered anti-war protests in Washington and never once did I face an arrest situation , although there were some close calls .
My arrest - free journalism record was shattered last night in Alexandria , Virginia , while meeting a confidential source .
I hoped to report today on a significant link between “ Sir ” Allen Stanford ’s collapsed Stanford Financial Group and a top Democratic Party lobbyist who is close to the Obama administration .
I also hoped to report on the covert activities of Stanford ’s operations in Venezuela and Panama .
That story will have to wait , unfortunately .
Last night , while meeting the source in O’Connell ’s Irish pub in Alexandria , Alexandria police , who apparently had plainclothes police inside the St. Patrick ’s Day - jam packed establishment , arrested my source for no apparent reason while I and the source ’s wife looked on in shock .
When I asked one of the men who forced the source to the ground outside why they were placing him under arrest , he shouted to me to “ back off . ”
I asked the man if he was a police officer .
His response was , “ No , I ’m a fireman . ”
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
I then told the “ fireman ” that I was a member of the press , produced my credentials , and wanted to know what the charges were against my source .
He then motioned to someone behind me who shoved me up against a police SUV and placed me in handcuffs .
I was taken to Alexandria city jail and booked for “ drunk in public . ”
Of course , there was no blood test or field sobriety test administered by anyone , police or “ firemen , ” to prove the spurious charge .
Then again , I did not have it as bad as some people who have been victims of America ’s “ justice ” system .
I was not hooded , chained , placed on a plane for God - knows - where and subjected to torture by brutish Third World interrogators .
Nor was I placed in solitary confinement without seeing the light of day .
However , I was not permitted to speak to an attorney nor was I read my Miranda rights in this Kafkaesque post - Miranda era .
I am also quite concerned about the fate of my source whom I only saw once in the “ lockup . ”
The cops were extremely physically rough with him for some unknown reason .
There was also something very unsettling about the police retaining custody of my reporter ’s notebook for some three hours while I was under arrest .
In a way , I should not be surprised that this arrest took place in Alexandria .
The town has always crawled with intelligence types and other covert players , from neo-Confederates involved with the global small arms business to the CIA - linked International Association of Chiefs of Police and the infamous U.S. Court for the Eastern District of Virginia national security “ rocket docket ” team of Chief Judge James Cacheris and his attorney brother , Plato .
Alexandria is only outdone by trendy McLean for the greatest number of spooks per square mile .
However , Alexandria was not always a center for right - wing ne ’er - do - wells .
Alexandria was once the home of George Washington , the leader of the American Revolution .
Its inns and meeting halls once attracted such revolutionary Virginia notables as Patrick Henry , Thomas Jefferson , James Madison , and George Mason .
In 1735 , New York publisher John Peter Zenger was charged with seditious libel and in a case many thought he would lose , he was acquitted of all charges .
The Zenger case later spurred the founders of this nation to enshrine the freedom of the press in the First Amendment to the Constitution .
My trial is scheduled for March 25 at 9:30 am in the Circuit Court in Alexandria at 520 King Street in Room 201 .
I intend to plead not guilty to the charge against me and cite the First Amendment of the Constitution in my defense .
I invite all those in the Washington area who value a free press to attend what I will simply call “ mini - Zenger II . ”
I , for one , will not see a free press in this nation go down without a fight .
And I must also say that even in Uganda , a dictatorship , President Yoweri Museveni ’s security agents never tried to stage an incident while I met opposition leaders at the Sheraton Hotel in Kampala .
Although the agents were intently interested in whom I was meeting , they had much more class than the brutish Alexandria police and the “ fireman . ”
UPDATE 1X : WMR can report that our source was released from Alexandria jail and is doing fine today .
( CNN ) --
A college student in Nigeria has been sentenced to 19 years in prison for scamming an Australian woman out of $ 47,000 online by pretending to be a widowed white businessman desperately in love with her .
A court in Ikeja in southwest Nigeria ruled that Lawal Adekunie Nurudeen will also have to pay back the 56 - year - old woman , even if it meant selling the two plots of land and the Honda Prelude he bought with her money .
Nurudeen was an engineering student when he met the woman online in 2007 , said the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission , Nigeria 's anti-corruption police .
The woman lamented that she was looking for a husband but had been disappointed in the men she had met .
" The convict , who is married with three children , instantly applied and told the victim that she had met Mr. Right , " the commission said in a statement .
Nurudeen pretended to be a 57 - year - old British engineer working with a multinational company in Nigeria .
He told her his wife and only child had died in a road accident in Lagos , the former capital of the country .
" He sent the picture of a white man to the victim to foreclose any suspicions , " police said .
The woman agreed to marry him .
A few weeks later , Nurudeen called the woman pretending to be a doctor .
He told her that her fiance had been in an accident and needed money for treatment .
The woman obliged , the commission said .
Nurudeen let two weeks pass .
He then called the woman again , thanking her profusely for her kindness and telling her that he would like to visit her in Australia .
He asked her for airfare , cash for customs clearance and other incidentals , police said .
Authorities did not say how Nurudeen was caught .
But he duped the woman of $ 47,000 before his arrest , the commission said .
Scammers in Nigeria have gained a reputation for using the Internet to con foreign nationals out of money .
Some of the scams have earned the name " 419 " after the clause in the Nigerian criminal code that deals with obtaining property under false pretense .
All About Nigeria • Crime
Claire McCaskill popped out a bill to limit the pay of anyone at firms taking federal money to no more than the president makes  $ 400,000 .
Image Maureen Dowd Credit ...
Fred R. Conrad / The New York Times
“ These people are idiots , ” she said on the Senate floor .
“ You ca n’t use taxpayer money to pay out $ 18 billion in bonuses .
...
Right now they ’re on the hook to us .
And they owe us something other than a fancy wastebasket and $ 50 million jet . ”
One Obama official said her idea is catchy , but it wo n’t work “ because no one would come to Treasury to participate , and that means our economy would continue to stumble downward . ”
Senator Chuck Grassley urged the administration to snatch back the bonuses .
“ They ought to give ’em back or we should go get ’em , ” the Republican told me .
“ If this were Japan and a corporate executive did what is being done on Wall Street , they ’d either go out and commit suicide or go before the board of directors and the country and take a very deep bow and apologize . ”
He was shocked to learn that the Office of Management and Budget , insistent on following the Paperwork Reduction Act , was dragging down a special inspector general ’s investigation of what banks are doing with taxpayer money .
( After complaints , the O.M.B. yielded on Friday . )
“ Once in a while , some C.E.O. comes and talks to me and I wonder if they ’re laughing under their breath at having to talk to someone who makes 1 percent of what they make , ” he said .
" Time is free , but it 's priceless .
You can't own it , but you can use it .
You can't keep it , but you can spend it .
Once you 've lost it you can never get it back . "
- Harvey MacKay
Some fun facts about time and clocks :
The word clock comes from the French word cloche , which means " bell . "
The Latin for bell is glocio and the German is glocke .
There are 86,400 seconds in a day .
Photo by -- mike -
There are about 600,000 seconds in a week .
There are more than 2.6 million seconds in a month .
There are more than 31 million seconds in a year .
The first mechanical wind - up alarm clock that could be set for any time was patented by Seth E. Thomas on October 24 , 1876 .
Almost 100 years before then , Levi Hutchins of New Hampshire invented an alarm clock but his would only ring at 4:00 am .
The clock tower in the movie Back to the Future ( 1985 ) is the same one seen in the 1962 film To Kill a Mockingbird .
One second used to be defined as 1/86,400 the length of a day .
However , the Earth 's rotation is n't perfectly reliable .
Tidal friction from the sun and the moon slows our planet and increases the length of a day by 3 milliseconds per century .
So during the time that dinosaurs roamed , the length of a day was only 23 hours long .
Galileo made an important contribution to the arena of time when he was 17 years old and was not attentive in church .
As he stood in the Cathedral of Pisa and watched the large chandelier swing on the ceiling , he noticed that no matter how short or long the arc of the chandelier was , it took exactly the same amount of time to complete a full swing .
This gave him the idea to create a pendulum clock .
Einstein showed that gravity makes time run more slowly , so when airplane passengers fly where the Earth 's pull is weaker , they age a few extra nanoseconds each flight .
In 1972 , a network of atomic clocks in more than 50 countries was made the final authority on time and is so accurate that it takes 31.7 million years to lose about one second .
To keep this accurate time in sync with the Earth 's slowing rotation , a " leap second " must be added every few years ( we just added a " leap second " on New Year 's Eve 2008 ) .
If a person lives to be 70 years of age , that equals 25,550 days ( which is 1,533,000 hours , or 91,980,000 minutes , or 5,518,800,000 seconds ) .
The world 's most accurate clock , at the National Institute of Standards and Technology in Colorado , measures vibrations of a single atom of mercury .
In a billion years it will not lose one second .
Who knew time could be so interesting , eh ?
Make the most of yours today !
Photo by laffy4k
Pictured :
The ten little porkers which might help save Britain 's rarest breed of pig
This litter of newborn porkers has brought fresh hope for the future for Britain 's rarest breed of pig .
The ten British Lop piglets will help the breed as it battles for survival .
Lops are losing out to more traditional hybrid pigs which are bred to grow quickly and sell fast .
Just 2,000 of them born every year , compared to around 10,000 large white hybrid pig .
But most experts believe the Lop produces the tastiest bacon .
Playtime :
These piglets are among ten newborns who have brought fresh hope for the future of Britain 's rarest breed of pig
They are said to have more succulent meat due to their laid - back nature which in turn is down to their floppy ears that act as blinkers .
The latest litter arrived at Smallicombe Farm , near Honiton , in Devon .
Breeder Maggie
Todd said that , ironically , the best hope of saving the breed was to eat them .
She said : ' We are thrilled , it 's always exciting to have a new litter .
' They are very rare and there are n't very many breeders in the country , but we need to make sure that they are not lost .
' The pure breeds like these went out of fashion because farmers are producing pigs that grow faster and offer a better return .
' But they actually have a much better flavour and texture than the hybrid pigs .
' One or two of the new litter may be saved for showing or breeding , but we wo n't be able to select them until they are a bit older . '
Tea time :
The two - day - old piglets enjoy a feed from their mother
There are just 54 bulls and 267 sows registered with the British Lop Society , and some of these are kept in France .
Mrs Todd said : ' People often think that because they 're rare they must n't be eaten but it 's quite the opposite - if people do n't eat them , we can't breed them .
' We 're trying to get back to quality produce .
' People are becoming more aware of what they eat and where it comes from , so hopefully they will become more interested in this better quality meat . '
Frank Miller , secretary of the British Lop Society , said : ' Their future is difficult to say and we really need more breeders .
' Unfortunately they are not the first choice for a pretty pig - they do n't have the interesting markings that many people want .
' But there may be a future for them in Europe , as there is a real stress problem with pigs over there now .
All worn out : Mummy pig takes a break
' Pigs die out in stressful situations and if an animal is stressed it has very poor meat .
' Farmers are looking into breeding stress - free pigs with the British Lop , but it wo n't be for a while yet .
' In the meantime , we will be happy if we can get more breeders .
We do have people who want the meat , but at the moment we just can't supply it . '
The British Lop is a west country breed which originated around the Tavistock area either side of the Cornwall / Devon borders .
For most of its history from the early years of the twentieth century , it remained a local breed undiscovered by farmers outside its native territory .
It suited the locality well and was in strong demand there so there was little incentive for breeders to go shouting its merits beyond the far south west .
In those days it was registered and known as the National Long White Lop Eared breed – certainly descriptive if not very snappy .
In the 1960s , the name was changed to today ’s British Lop .
When the Rare Breeds Survival Trust ( RBST ) was established in 1973 , the Lop was listed as one of the six rare pig breeds recognised by them .
The inclusion of a breed as officially listed as ‘ rare ’ generally increased interest in all such breeds and indeed the Lop is more populous now than at any time in the last 30 - odd years .
However , it suffered , in comparison with the other rare breeds of swine , by not looking particularly distinctive .
It is , after all , as its earlier name says , a white lop - eared pig and to the non-specialist , could be confused with the Welsh or the Landrace .
Instead , enthusiasts flocked to pigs with short snouts , spotted or ginger hogs but not so readily to the pig that looked quite normal .
Yet the Lop has a great deal going for it .
It is generally docile and easy to manage and is hardy enough to be farmed outside .
Just One Pill Away
by Bill Sardi by Bill Sardi
Humanity is on the verge of a gigantic leap forward in health promotion with rapid - fire discoveries that a single vitamin pill may vanquish cancer and heart disease , the two leading causes of mortality in the U.S. , as well as quell autoimmune disease ( rheumatoid arthritis , lupus ) , diminish the occurrence of diabetes , reduce obesity , and effectively treat multiple sclerosis , osteoporosis , Parkinson ’s disease , schizophrenia and high blood pressure , plus conquer the common cold and even defeat tuberculosis , an infectious lung disease that affects one - third of the people of the world .
Literally leading medicine " out of dark ages " is the sunshine vitamin — vitamin D. Long mischaracterized as a vitamin that can be toxic if taken in amounts that exceed what is found in common multivitamins , and mistakenly said that vitamin D must be chemically altered to produce a man-made molecular version that does not induce over - calcification , most physicians , pharmacists and dieticians have been incorrectly trained to warn the public away from higher doses of vitamin D .
Most multivitamins provide no more than 400 IU ( international units — a trivial 10 micrograms , or 1/100th of one milligram ) of vitamin D , and the National Academy of Sciences says 2000 IU ( 50 micrograms ) is the safe upper limit , with toxicity beginning around 10,000 IU ( 250 micrograms ) .
But Reinhold Vieth PhD , researcher at the University of Toronto , notes that blood levels do n’t even measurably rise till 4000 IU ( 100 micrograms ) is consumed and toxicity begins at 40,000 IU ( 1000 micrograms or 1 milligram ) only after many weeks of use .
To demonstrate just how ridiculous the warnings of vitamin D overdose have been , a person standing in the summer sun for an hour at noontime in a Southern latitude ( Arizona , Florida ) in swim trunks would naturally produce about 10,000 IU ( 250 micrograms ) of vitamin D through skin exposure .
Sun poisoning from vitamin D overdose has never been reported .
[ Am J Clinical Nutrition 73 ( 2 ) : 288-94 , Feb 2001 ; Am J Clinical Nutrition 69 ( 5 ) : 842-56 , May 1999 ]
Researchers recently stated that the Food & Nutrition Board ’s 2000 IU ( 50 microgram ) upper safe limit is not based on current evidence and that the absence of any toxicity in healthy adults at 10,000 IU ( 250 micrograms ) should be supported as the completely safe upper daily limit .
[ American Journal Clinical Nutrition 85 : 6 - 18 , Jan. 2007 ]
What does n’t vitamin D cure ?
The fast - paced publication of reports extolling the virtues of vitamin D is astounding .
William B Grant PhD of the Sunlight , Nutrition and Health Research Center in San Francisco , says there is compelling evidence that low vitamin D levels lead to increased risk of rickets ( soft bones ) , osteoporosis ( loss of bone ) , 16 cancers ( including prostate , breast , colon , ovary , Hodgkin ’s lymphoma ) , as well as psoriasis , diabetes , high blood pressure , heart disease , multiple sclerosis and susceptibility to tuberculosis .
[ Journal Cosmetic Dermatology 2 : 86-98 , 2003 ]
Dr. Robert P Heaney of Creighton University says that efforts to elevate vitamin D beyond prevailing levels in North Americans improves calcium absorption , reduces falls and hip fractures , protects against various cancers and autoimmune disorders and says that " a strong case can be made for immediate improvement in vitamin D status of the general population . "
[ Journal Steroid Biochemistry Molecular Biology Jan 9 , 2007 ]
Vitamin D and heart disease
It is increasingly becoming apparent that it is excessive calcium , and not cholesterol , that causes hardening of the arteries and heart attacks .
Only about 3 % of arterial plaque is cholesterol while 50 % is calcium .
Vitamin D is an anti-calcifying agent .
[ Osteoporosis International 18 : 251-59 , 2007 ]
Kidney disease patients , who are plagued with arterial calcifications , have 10 times the cardiac death rate compared to the general population .
What most doctors and the public have been told is that high - dose vitamin D can induce calcifications of arteries .
But Armin Zittermann , PhD , of the Northrhine Westfalia Heart Center in Germany , reports that both extremely high and commonly low intake levels of vitamin D induce calcification of arteries .
Calcification from overdose of vitamin D requires many hundreds of thousands of international units and is rare , whereas hundreds of millions of adults are deficient in vitamin D and suffer from calcified arteries as a result of deficiency .
Dr. Zitterman points to a study conducted in Japan where adequate vitamin D levels achieved via supplementation reduced the death risk from cardiovascular disease by 70 % compared to those who did not use vitamin D supplements .
[ Current Opinion Lipidology 18 : 41- 46 , Feb. 2007 ]
Cancer reduction
In February of 2006 a research team led by Cedric F. Garland of the University of California at San Diego , reported that vitamin D supplementation would reduce the occurrence of a wide variety of cancers by 30 - 50 % .
[ American Journal Public Health 96 : 252-61 , 2006 ]
It is estimated that 50,000 - 63,000 individuals in the United States , and 19,000 - 25,000 in Great Britain , die prematurely from cancer annually due to insufficient vitamin D. [ Photochemistry Photobiology 81 : 1276-86 , 2005 ]
The geographical colon , breast , ovarian and prostate cancer belt that encircles the world is in the Northern latitudes .
Cities like Seattle , Toronto , Boston , London , Dublin , Helsinki , Copenhagen , Berlin , Moscow , Anchorage , fall within this global belt and have high rates of these cancers .
Recently it was reported that 1000 - 2000 IU ( 25 - 50 micrograms ) of vitamin D , obtained from dietary supplements , sunlight exposure , or the diet , would cut the risk of colon cancer in half .
[ American Journal Preventive Medicine 32 : 210-16 , 2007 ]
The common cold
Dr. John Cannell MD , who captains the Vitamin D Council , recently authored a paper which shows the winter increase in colds and flu is attributed to low seasonal vitamin D levels .
Dr. Cannell cites the earlier work of R. Edgar Hope - Simpson who first proposed that variations in exposure to solar radiation explains the seasonality of influenza epidemics .
[ Epidemiological Infection 134 : 1129 -40 , Dec. 2006 ]
Dr. Cannell even has a challenge for visitors to the Vitamin D Council website .
He suggests high - dose vitamin D ( 50,000 IU — 1.25 milligrams ) be consumed for 3 days at the first sign of a cold or the flu .
So far , Dr. Cannell is receiving many reports of how quickly high - dose vitamin D overpowers the common cold ( this writer tried high - dose vitamin D with the first sign of sniffles this winter , and the vitamin D therapy worked rapidly both times ) .
How did vitamin D escape notice ?
Just how vitamin D has not drawn greater attention is difficult to fathom .
In winter , when vitamin D levels are low , death rates around the world rise .
Winter is the season for heart attacks .
The diagnosis of cancer in winter months shortens survival times .
There is a decline in mood in winter months , leading to an increase in carbohydrate consumption and obesity .
In older adults , low vitamin D levels are associated with mental depression .
[ American Journal Geriatric Psychiatry 14 : 1032 - 40 , 2006 ]
It ’s not like vitamin D has n’t been brought to center stage .
Feature articles in Newsweek and US News & World Report in December of 2006 have been published .
But are doctors informing their patients of the revolution underway and prescribing vitamin D ? Not yet .
Will they ever ?
Cutting cancer rates by 30 - 50 % , heart disease by up to 70 % , may be too much of a shock now that health care is an industry that relies upon volumes of patients to treat .
Prevention is anathema .
Medical centers depend upon large numbers of patients to treat to pay off mortgages for building projects .
Medical device and drug companies must churn high numbers not only to remain profitable , but to prop up their stock prices on Wall Street .
One wonders whether modern medicine will ever let this vitamin D revolution happen ?
It appears health authorities have misdirected the public .
So far , there has been no response from the National Institutes of Health ( NIH ) regarding this breakthrough .
No press conferences like the NIH typically conducts for breakthrough drugs .
The reports of vitamin D’s health benefits are coming from independent researchers rather than public health authorities , who are dragging their feet on this surprising development .
Sun , diet or pills ?
It ’s difficult for most people to get optimal amounts of vitamin D .
The diet , at best , will only provide a few hundred units of vitamin D. Milk is fortified with synthetic vitamin D2 , which is not nearly as potent as natural D3 , which is used in most dietary supplements .
A glass of milk provides only 100 IU ( 2.5 micrograms ) .
Fifteen minutes of sun exposure to 40 - percent of the body is suggested daily for fair - skinned individuals , and more time for dark - skinned people .
People with dark skin pigmentation simply do n’t make as much vitamin D as Caucasians .
A recent study conducted in a northern state ( Michigan ) found 50 % of black mothers and 65 % of their newborn infants were vitamin D deficient .
[ Clinical Pediatrics 46 : 42-44 , 2007 ]
Even adults who receive adequate sun exposure have been found to be deficient in vitamin D. [ Menopause Feb 6 , 2007 ]
Virtually all of northern Europe is either deficient or undernourished , and in sunny middle - eastern countries , vitamin D deficiency is rampant because of clothing that covers most of the skin .
[ Journal Steroid Biochemistry Molecular Biology Feb. 5 , 2007 ]
Humans have been made phobic about sunlight exposure , fearful of skin cancer and the deadly malignant melanoma .
But it is interesting to note that mortality rates for melanoma rose steeply after sunscreens came into common use , not before .
Sunscreen lotion blocks the vitamin D- producing UV - B rays , while allowing the deeper - penetrating , cancer - causing UV - A rays to burn the skin .
Calculating the cost of deficiency
Researchers Cedric Garland , William B Grant and Edward D. Gorham claim it would cost about $ 1 billion a year to provide 1000 IU ( 250 micrograms ) of vitamin D to all adult Americans , and the expected benefits for cancer would be in the range of $ 16 - 25 billion .
[ Recent Results Cancer Research 174 : 225-34 , 2007 ]
The total U.S. economic burden due to vitamin D insufficiency from inadequate exposure to solar UV - B radiation , diet , food fortification and supplements is estimated at $ 40 - 56 billion annually ( 2004 ) .
[ Photochemistry Photobiology 81 : 1276 - 86 , 2005 ]
Bill Sardi Archives
SOME 2,300 years after his death , Diogenes the Cynic dramatically interrupted a recent New York State Senate committee meeting .
Wearing a long , white beard and carrying his trademark lamp in broad daylight , the ancient philosopher  who once described himself as “ a Socrates gone mad ”  claimed to be looking for an honest man in politics .
Considering the never - ending allegations of financial corruption that flow from the sump of Albany , it ’s no surprise that he was unsuccessful .
This resurrected Diogenes was , in fact , Randy Credico , a comedian who says he is considering challenging Senator Charles Schumer in the 2010 Democratic primary .
Whatever boost Mr. Credico ’s prank provides his campaign , it might also cause us to reflect a little on the meaning of cynicism  and how greatly we still need Diogenes .
Cynicism is actually not at all cynical in the modern sense of the word .
It bears no real resemblance to that attitude of negativity and jaded scornfulness that sees the worst of intentions behind the apparent good motives of others .
True cynicism is not a debasement of others but a debasement of oneself  and in that purposeful self - debasement , a protest against corruption , luxury and insincerity .
Diogenes , the story goes , was called a “ downright dog , ” and this so pleased him that the figure of a dog was carved in stone to mark his final resting place .
From that epithet , kunikos ( “ dog - like ” ) , cynicism was born .
THE Indonesian Government has approved a big increase in logging of its tropical forests , a decision that will lead to a rise in carbon emissions and , most likely , lead to further deadly attacks on villagers by tigers and elephants .
The end of a 14 - month moratorium on logging comes amid a spate of macabre maulings of Indonesians by animals struggling to survive in their dwindling habitats .
On Wednesday , an 83 - year - old man on the island of Sumatra was killed after 30 wild elephants stampeded through his village .
The death followed a month of elephants running amok in the village , which is close to a trail commonly used by the threatened species .
" The elephant routes are almost gone , " said Johny Mundung , the co-ordinator for the Indonesian environmental group Wahli in the Sumatran province of Riau , where the attack occurred .
Four people have died in Sumatra in the past 3 ½ months due to wild elephant attacks .
However the deaths caused by Sumatran tigers have been even more dramatic .
* Photo : Mauricio Alejo * Nobody expected the number - one - with - a - bullet rise of the music videogame — least of all the music industry .
Armed with little more than crappy graphics , plastic guitars , and epic hooks , play - along titles like Guitar Hero and Rock Band have become an industry in their own right , raking in more than $ 2.3 billion over the past three years .
Album sales fell 19 percent this past holiday season , but the thrill is n't gone — it just moved to a different platform .
The success of these games is good news for the music biz .
They 're breathing new life into old bands ( Weezer , anyone ? ) and helping popularize new ones .
They 're even becoming a significant distribution outlet for new releases .
So the record labels ought to be ecstatic , right ?
Nope .
They 're whining over licensing fees .
" The amount being paid to the music industry , even though [ these ] games are entirely dependent on the content we own and control , is far too small , " Warner Music Group CEO Edgar Bronfman told analysts last summer .
The money Warner receives for the use of its songs is " paltry , " he said , and if the gamemakers do n't pony up more cash , " we will not license to those games . "
In response , Rock Band publisher MTV Games is now boycotting Warner artists , according to a source close to the negotiations .
This is a fight no one can win .
Putting the brakes on music gaming would hurt everyone in the ailing music industry .
Instead of demanding greater profit participation , Warner should be angling for creative participation .
Thirty years ago , Hollywood took a similar threat — the VCR — and turned it into a new source of revenue , building customer loyalty in the process .
The music industry could use new games the same way — but its track record suggests that it wo n't .
How does this play out ?
Gamemakers could respond by using cover versions of songs from the Warner catalog , but Bronfman already has that move blocked .
He also runs the giant music publisher Warner / Chappell , and he could deny the game companies access there , too .
From Bronfman 's perspective , the record labels got ripped off when MTV was sold in 1985 for $ 690 million ( $ 1.4 billion in today 's dollars ) on the strength of videos it received for free , and then ripped off again when Apple initially denied the labels control over pricing on iTunes .
He wo n't get fooled again .
To be fair , Bronfman has a point .
Game publishers generally sign low - cost synchronization licenses — as if the music were being used incidentally , in the background .
Compare this to Electronic Arts ' Madden NFL franchise , from which the football league collects some 30 percent of gross revenue , and you can begin to feel his pain .
But there 's better money to be made by playing together .
Music games are proven earners — Aerosmith has reportedly earned more from Guitar Hero : Aerosmith than from any single album in the band 's history .
The labels ought to push for more such titles and integrate them into their promotional strategies .
They might not maximize profit on the licensing , but who cares ?
With more entries to come in the play - along genre , and networked hardware to play them on , the games themselves could even become an online music retail channel to rival iTunes .
Or what about a game for turntable artists ?
Labels could provide the stem tracks for songs ( in which each instrument 's recording is isolated ) and let players mix their own versions .
Users could vote for their favorites through online services like Xbox Live , and Warner could sell the winning mixes back to customers using the very platform on which they were created .
Call it Wii-Mix .
If the company wants a case study , it need look no further than Universal Music Group .
Rather than cavil over licensing fees , Universal parent company Vivendi simply bought Guitar Hero 's publisher , Activision .
Look , the labels know that recorded music is in irreversible decline .
Warner has actually led the industry with a policy of signing bands to so - called 360 deals , in which artists give the label a cut of everything they sell , be it ringtones , merchandise , or concert tickets .
On the strength of such foresight , Bronfman has styled himself as the man who will reinvent the music industry .
But part of that reinvention must be an end to petty haggling over fees .
Going PvP against gamemakers is n't going to solve the industry 's problems .
At this point , Bronfman still seems intent on dragging his business kicking and screaming back to the 20th century .
Contributing editor Jeff Howe ( jeff_howe@wired.com ) wrote Crowdsourcing : Why the Power of the Crowd Is Driving the Future of Business .
Start Next : Q&A : Jack Horner Wants to Re-create T. Rex from Chickens — What Could Possibly Go Wrong ?
Guitar Hero , Rock Band and the Rock ' n ' Roll Money Machine
Guitar Hero : Gateway Drug to Six - String Bliss
Robo - Voice 's Greatest Hits , or How Advanced Spy Tech Topped Music Charts
As you ’ve probably heard , a rough cut of Hugh Jackman ’s X - Men Origins : Wolverine leaked onto the Internet this week , a full month before its official release .
Predictably , Fox freaked out , called the FBI , and threatened to stick a retractable bone claw into the original uploader .
Really , though , if they ’re concerned about piracy sinking the movie ’s opening weekend , they should n’t be — anyone with eyes can tell you that the leaked version is unfinished , with missing scenes , placeholder music , and tons of hilarious half - rendered special effects .
Want proof ?
Click for eight reasons why Wolverine will look better on the big screen .
Top Norwegian microcopter boffins say they have now successfully tested the fagpacket - sized PD - 100 Black Hornet vidcam whirlybird - outdoors .
The firm has also released video of the tiny aircraft in indoor flight tests :
The PD - 100 is n't the same as your common - or - garden cheapo remote control toy copter , great as those are .
As owners will know , these little machines do n't offer full control of the sort a real chopper does : there 's no real option to hover in one place , speed up , decelerate etc .
Remote - control copters which can fly like a real full - size one are comparatively large , complex and expensive - indeed , some of them are full size .
But the main special sauce of Prox Dynamics , the Norgie firm behind the PD - 100 , is very tiny control servos - " the smallest and lightest in the world , weighing less than 0.5 grams " .
Thus a PD - 100 is even smaller than a typical toy battery - copter , but has full control and is able to hover and to achieve airspeeds approaching 20 mph .
The latest prototype , the Hornet - 3a , was flown outdoors in light winds earlier this month .
The test was reported this morning by Flight International .
According to a Prox Dynamics statement :
The advanced flight controls system makes the Hornet - 3a very easy to fly .
Being able to operate the 15 grams UAV outdoors in wind and gust is considered a vital part of its operational capabilities .
It is also one of the most challenging tasks for the flight controls and autopilot system .
A major milestone was therefore reached on April 7th when the Hornet - 3a made its first flights outdoors .
With the Norwegian snow still present the Hornet - 3a was flown in dry conditions with light variable wind up to 2 m/s .
The aircraft showed no adverse controllability issues either in hover or during high speed passes .
Over distance the Hornet - 3a was able to maintain an average horizontal speed of 7 m/s with a maximum airspeed of 8 m/s .
The test also confirmed some of the low signature capabilities of the system .
Outside a distance of approximately three meters the sound from the helicopter was completely drowned by the ambient noise .
The full PD - 100 microcopter , just over 10 cm long , would easily fit in a flat pocket - sized case .
It will be controlled from a handheld gadget offering video from the camera , simple manual controls , and " route following " using GPS , though this would n't work inside buildings .
The little aircraft will even offer auto - hovering hands off , with the ability to resist gusts of wind to some degree ; and " deployment of special payload " ( presumably very small ) .
Flight reports that endurance on a battery charge is expected to be 30 min .
The idea is that soldiers might carry a few Black Hornets in a pocket .
If they fancied a look inside a building , over a hill or crest , down a tunnel or something , they 'd simply launch an almost - silent palmtop microcopter for a recce .
Should the tiny chopper come to grief due to flat batteries , a prang or perhaps a rolled - up newspaper , no matter - several cheap replacements could easily be carried .
The standard package will come with three aircraft , a pocket controller and a charger .
Black Hornet is n't quite the smallest microvidcopter design around - nor the stealthiest - but it seems to be much the nearest to reaching service .
" First delivery of an operational system is expected by the end of next year , " according to Prox Dynamics . ®
Thanks to the advent of credit derivatives -- financial contracts that allow investors to speculate on or protect against default -- we can now observe how likely global markets think it is that Uncle Sam will renege on America 's mounting debts .
Last week , markets pegged the probability of a U.S. default at 6 percent over the next 10 years , compared with just 1 percent a year ago .
On Sept 2 , 31 BC Octavian defeated Antony at the Battle of Actium .
Antony and Cleopatra fled back to Alexandria where they committed suicide the next year , following Octavian 's invasion of Egypt .
51 - Actium
W3C and the OpenSocial Foundation announced today that as of 1 January 2015 , OpenSocial standards work and specifications beyond OpenSocial 2.5.1 will take place in the W3C Social Web Working Group , of which the OpenSocial Foundation is a founding member .
The W3C Social Web Working Group extends the reach of OpenSocial into the enterprise , HTML5 and Indie Web communities .
In this post we talk about next steps for standards work at W3C and open source projects at Apache .
Note :
As part of the transfer of OpenSocial specifications and assets to the W3C , requests to opensocial.org will be redirected to this blog post .
For more information , please see the FAQ below .
Standards and Requirements at W3C
W3C launched its Social Web Activity in July 2014 with two groups :
The Social Web Working Group , which defines the technical standards and APIs to facilitate access to social functionality as part of the Open Web Platform .
The Social Interest Group , which coordinates messaging around social at the W3C and is formulating a broad strategy to enable social business and federation .
In addition , some OpenSocial work has moved ( or will move ) to existing W3C groups .
Here is a summary of where you can get involved with different W3C standardization efforts and discussions .
Open Source Projects at Apache Foundation
In addition to the several leading commercial enterprise platforms thant use OpenSocial , the Apache Software Foundation hosts two active and ongoing projects that serve as reference implementations for OpenSocial technology :
Apache Shindig is the reference implementation of OpenSocial API specifications , versions 1.0.x and 2.0.x , a standard set of Social Network APIs that includes Profiles , Relationships , Activities , Shared Applications , Authentication , and Authorization .
Apache Rave is a lightweight and open - standards based extensible platform for using , integrating and hosting OpenSocial and W3C Widget related features , technologies and services .
It will also provide strong context - aware personalization , collaboration and content integration capabilities and a high quality out - of - the - box installation as well as be easy to integrate in other platforms and solutions .
FAQ
Note :
We will add to this FAQ over time as questions arise .
Please send questions to public-socialweb-comments@w3.org
Why is OpenSocial Foundation closing ?
OpenSocial Foundation feels that the community will have a better chance of realizing an open social web through discussions at a single organization , and the OpenSocial Foundation board believes that working as an integrated part of W3C will help reach more communities that will benefit from open social standards .
What does it mean that OpenSocial Foundation is closing ?
OpenSocial will no longer exist as a separate legal entity , but work will continue within the W3C Social Web Activity .
What will happen to development of the OpenSocial specification ?
Development will continue within the Social Web Working Group .
What will happen to development of the reference implementations Apache Shindig and Rave ?
Development will continue within the Apache Software Foundation .
Where do I go if I have questions about OpenSocial ?
Members of the OpenSocial Community will be actively involved in the Social Web Working Group .
Will older versions of OpenSocial specifications remain available ?
Yes , they will remain available on GitHub .
Will discussion archives be preserved ?
Discussion archives are in Google groups .
As long as those are allowed to remain , they will remain in place .
WASHINGTON --
The Department of Justice today released two previously undisclosed Office of Legal Counsel ( OLC ) memoranda and seven previously undisclosed opinions .
" Americans deserve a government that operates with transparency and openness , " said Attorney General Eric Holder .
" It is my goal to make OLC opinions available when possible while still protecting national security information and ensuring robust internal executive branch debate and decision - making . "
The two memoranda memorialized that certain legal propositions in ten OLC opinions issued between 2001 and 2003 no longer reflected the views of OLC and " should not be treated as authoritative for any purpose . "
They further explained that some of the underlying opinions had been withdrawn or superseded and that " caution should be exercised " by the executive branch " before relying in other respects " on the other opinions that had not been superseded or withdrawn .
In light of the legitimate and substantial public interest in many of the questions raised in those opinions and in the evolution of OLC ’s views on those questions , the Department has released the six of those underlying opinions from 2001 - 2003 that are not classified and that had not previously been disclosed .
In November 2008 , the Department filed a motion in a pending civil action to submit two of those underlying OLC opinions , along with one other , to the court under seal .
The Department has determined that there is no longer any reason the three opinions should remain under seal and is therefore withdrawing its motion .
The opinions and memoranda are available at http://www.usdoj.gov/opa/documents/olc-memos.htm.
‘ FIELD ’
You are looking at 1301 fluorescent bulbs planted in an English farm , powered entirely by electrical fields generated by the power lines that float in curves over the top of this field .
( PIcs )
The installation is called simply FIELD .
Five years ago , FIELD creator Richard Box was an artist in residence in the physics department at Bristol University , and he got the idea to plant his fluorescent crop after hearing a colleague describe playing light saber games with a fluorescent tube beneath power lines in his backyard .
So he bribed a local farmer into letting him set up this extraordinary scene , to recreate the light saber game times a thousand .
Continue reading io9
I am an activist for crime victims and also an apologist for the abrogation of immunity which is the cultivating factor of corruption , a long standing U.S. political policy that cannot be dealt with as long as immunity , a totalitarian abuse , that is practiced only by despots , tyrants , and dictators , and the U.S. Supreme Court branch of government .
I recently learned that people who work for a local , state , or federal agency , whether elected , appointed or just hired , are not liable for any negligence , even if their negligence results in a person ’s death .
I found out that officials are immune , and therefore not held accountable for actions they do to violate constitutional rights of citizens .
I was not aware of this until my research .
I was wondering how many voters are aware of this .
I do not recall voting on this type of measure to excuse and protect incompetence and irresponsibility in governing .
So I did some research and learned that lawmakers bypassed the voters and robbed us of justice from owing a “ duty of care ” to citizens .
The only other types of governments I am aware of are those that immune themselves from negligence or malicious acts to citizens are dictatorships and tyrannical monarchies .
I was under the impression that the United States was a democracy .
However , it was not very difficult to discover that , truly we are not a democracy based upon the definition of the word democracy .
Nonetheless ,
It was very exciting to come to the awakening personally , as an epiphany realizing that , all our nation has to do is stop immunity from protecting those who are screwing up our country .
Then there would be incentive for officials to actually do a better job .
I believe prohibiting the immunity defense would vastly interfere with corruption .
After all , corruption is the root of our countries problems in the past and present .
This is a very simple change that will bring our government back under the control of the people to the origins of a “ more perfect union . ”
Imagine , we as United States Citizens , aware of this , have been given another opportunity to create the greatest free government in the world simply by eliminating immunity .
Of course , a paradigm shift must occur with the populace .
This can occur through media .
Until then , this epiphany may not click upstairs for some , but think about it .
Meditate on it !
What can it hurt ?
The least that will happen are job openings for more qualified honest competent individuals .
Within a decade , we will have competent officials doing the people ’s business with a duty of care !
This is exciting when you really think about it !
However , officials protect themselves and will never allow this without a fight !
Immunity is utopia for them and they will never allow their citizens to taste real freedom !
But in a democracy they have no choice !
Yet with immunity in place , we are not in a democracy and this will never occur .
How sad !
The following definitions are from www.dictionary.com:
Democracy
[ di - mok - ruh - see ] –noun , plural - cies .
1. government by the people ; a form of government in which the supreme power is vested in the people and exercised directly by them or by their elected agents under a free electoral system .
Dictatorship
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3 | 4
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
VIEWPOINTS — “ Gays do n’t have a genetic difference that changes their outward appearance .
Hypothetically speaking , if a gay employee is scared that his new boss will not promote him because he is gay , all he has to do is not tell his new boss .
But if a black employee is scared that his new boss will not promote him because of his race , all he can do is work hard to prove to his boss that he is worth promoting or prepare a lawsuit , if he feels he has been discriminated against .
To reiterate , I am not saying whether this is right or wrong .
I am not saying that gay people should have to hide their sexual orientation or that the majority of society should change its belief and be more welcoming to gays .
All I am arguing is that the option is there .
If a situation presented itself where being gay would be detrimental to one ’s future ( like in the employee scenario ) or to one ’s immediate safety ( like being the possible victim of a hate crime ) , gay people have the option to not tell others of their sexual orientation and avoid the situation . ”
— University of Illinois Urbana - Champaign student Paul Cruse III on why gay is not the new black [ Daily Illini ]
Advertisements
According to the USO , in the history of television no one has ever done a week of shows from a combat zone that is until Steven Colbert announced on Comedy Central ’s The Colbert Report that he is taking his show to the Persian Gulf .
Colbert ’s announcement is great news for the troops who get too little live entertainment .
Here is the funny video of Colbert ’s announcement :
Colbert ’s bit in the video above about not being allowed to disclose where he will be filming is actually true .
Here is the official announcement , ” The Colbert Report will be the first TV show in USO history to produce more than one episode in a combat zone .
As part of the tour , the series will shoot a week of shows at an undisclosed location to be broadcast on COMEDY CENTRAL ( dates TBA ) . ”
This is a terrific idea not only for Colbert ’s show but for the troops .
It is no big secret that celebrities have gone on USO tours to meet the troops , but few of them , except for comedians , have gone to entertain the troops .
The USO has struggled to get top talent to go the Gulf .
So far in 2009 , the biggest singer that the USO has featured has been James Taylor , and he did n’t go to the Persian Gulf .
The NFL tour is scheduled to be there in 2009 , Gary Sinese and the Lt. Dan Band will be there .
In fact , most of the acts listed on their schedule are not going to the Gulf .
Trace Adkins and Toby Keith were the biggest singers to perform for the troops in the Gulf last year .
This is why Colbert ’s taping in the Gulf is such a big deal .
The WWE is the other big entertainment event that has made a yearly tradition out of going to the Gulf .
I do n’t mean to demean anyone who takes the times to go meet the troops , but as far as actual entertainment goes the USO slate has been pretty weak over last couple of years .
We all know that it is dangerous in Iraq and especially Afghanistan , but do n’t the people who are serving over there deserve a little quality entertainment ?
I am sure that Colbert will put on a heck of a show , but it would be nice if more entertainers followed his lead .
